Chelsea Charms proudly claims to have the world's biggest breasts – a staggering 164XXX cup – and she says they are still growing at a rate of one inch a month.
Chelsea Charms and her staggering 164XXX breasts on This Morning (Picture: ITV)
At just 5ft 3, Chelsea Charms has earned thousands of dollars from performing as an exotic dancer.
Appearing on ITV's This Morning Chelsea explained how she went from naturally being a D cup to her current gargantuan size.
Her first operation was at 20 to a DD cup, the second operation was a year later and went up to a HH cup, and Chelsea's third op called Polypropylene String Breast Implants – has now been banned.
She said: ‘It's basically a cord and it pumps fluid in the breast pocket. The string implants irritate the breast pocket which, in turn, promotes the production of fluid.'
The fluid is absorbed by the implant, resulting in continuous, gradual growth of the breasts.
Advertisement
Advertisement
She admitted she got the enhancements mainly in order to ‘get noticed'.
‘Obviously I can't have them forever and obviously I will reduce eventually…but I don't think I could go back down to a D cup.' she added.
Chelsea is yet to get them officially measured and Maxi Mounds is currently in the Guinness Book of Records for having the biggest breasts.
She believes her breasts are bigger, but she is waiting for Guinness to get in touch.
Watch Chelsea Charms on This Morning below:
US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel brought presents for his first trip to Israel, where his nomination earlier this year stirred concern that he would be too soft on Iran and leave Israel vulnerable before its most feared enemy.
A deal finalized yesterday in Tel Aviv will provide Israel with advanced radar systems, missiles designed to take out an enemy's anti-aircraft defenses, and V-22 Osprey aircraft, which combines the agility of a helicopter with the speed of a plane and has never before been sold outside the US. The deal is tangible proof of the commitment to Israel's security that President Obama avowed on his trip here last month.
But this is more than a sop to America's closest ally in the Middle East. It is part of a broader $10 billion regional arms package designed to bolster jittery allies and deter Iran from pursuing nuclear weapons, says Michael Eisenstadt, director of the Washington Institute's Military and Security Studies Program.
It reportedly includes more than two dozen F-16 fighter jets for the United Arab Emirates and advanced new missiles for both the UAE and Saudi Arabia.
“Overall, this is an important deal in terms of reassuring our allies, but the most important thing to be done – more than arms sales – is the president establishing good working relationships with all these countries,” says Mr. Eisenstadt, whose career has included stints in Iraq, Israel, and the West Bank. “Because there's no substitute for the confidence that comes from a good personal relationship … especially in the Middle East.”
In Obama's first term, Arab allies were unnerved by his abandoning of former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak after more than three decades of steady US support. Israel, too, was skeptical of Obama's commitment to its security, especially vis-à-vis Iran. It was no secret that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was rooting for Mitt Romney to defeat Obama.
Last summer, as the US presidential race entered the homestretch, Mr. Netanyahu repeatedly threatened to launch a strike on Iran with or without US help, putting Obama in a difficult position.
To an extent it may have been posturing; many prominent Israelis were opposed to a unilateral attack, sparking an unusually public debate about national security.
However, there are real Israeli fears that Iran's nuclear program will soon progress beyond the point where Israel has the military capability to stop – or at least stall – suspected weapons development. Israel has not been entirely willing to forgo its opportunity for a strike and put its security wholly in the hands of the US vis-à-vis the threat from Iran, which some Israeli leaders have described as “existential.” The US, with greater military capabilities, can afford to wait longer and see if sanctions succeed at reining in the Islamic Republic.
In the past six months, as both the US and Israel faced national elections, disagreements over if and when to attack Iran have faded from public view. President Obama and Hagel's visits to Israel seem aimed in part at reassuring America's closest ally that the US is committed to its security. Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon, who replaced Ehud Barak in March, is seen as more cautious about launching a unilateral strike on Iran than both his predecessor and his new boss, Netanyahu.
The deal announced this week may bolster Israel's capabilities to launch an attack against Iran and could also give it a longer time frame for doing so. Better, or at least more, refueling planes will increase its capacity for long-distance missions, and anti-radiation missiles would preserve Israel's ability to launch an air strike even if Iran obtained more advanced anti-aircraft defense systems.
And the Ospreys could help with missions to Libya and Sudan, which have emerged as origins or stopover points for Iranian shipments of arms to Gaza. Likewise, if the Assad regime were to fall in Syria and Iran had to find new land routes for weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, the Ospreys would provide additional options for Israel to target such shipments, says Eisenstadt.
Strengthening Israel's ability to interdict such arms transfers reduces Iran's ability to use militant groups to launch proxy attacks on Israel, including retaliatory strikes in the event of an Israeli strike on Iran.
The US-Israel deal is not seen as a green light to attack Iran on its own, however. Quite the contrary.
“I think [Hagel] arrived here … to emphasize that the US is expecting Israel not to attack by itself,” says Reuven Pedhazur, an analyst of Israeli security affairs. The message is, “Don't do anything by yourself.”
But Israel's mercury is likely to rise if no concrete diplomatic progress is made with Iran. The United Nations nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), just announced a fresh round of talks for May 21 in Vienna. But it's the 10th round in less than 18 months, and the IAEA has yet to secure full access to Iran's nuclear sites.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Similarly, a summit between Iran and world powers earlier this month in Kazakhstan failed to make any tangible headway, instead illustrating how wide the chasm remains.
It was the fifth round of talks held between Iran and the so-called P5+1 group – the US, Britain, France, Russia, China, and Germany – this year.
Sparkle on, R2. You plug into that wall with your foot.
Ah, the bootleg DVD. In China, this manner of receiving entertainment is all but an enterprise. (I have a particular memory of a friend's father bringing home a pirated copy of Pirates of the Caribbean from a business trip to China, where the subtitles were clearly from a different film—during their duel, Will Turner accused Jack of never coming home: “All you want to do is go disco disco with your friends!”)
But before that, did you know that there were lianhuanhua? Meaning the equivalent of “linked picture book,” these were an early form of comic in China—many of which were adapted from popular films that the public didn't have access to.
And you need to look at this Star Wars one.
First off, if you'd like some background on lianhuanhua, you should take a look at Nick Stember's informative article on the subject. He is also responsible for translating a lianhuanhua version of Star Wars found a few years back by Maggie Greene at the Wen Miao book market in Shanghai.
Made in the 1980s, and seemingly unaware of the trilogy's completion (there are elements from Empire Strikes Back, but no indication that Return of the Jedi was viewed in the making of this comic), this adaptation is both similar to and comically different from the original 1977 film. There is no proper way to explain it. You'll have to take a peek for yourself, but here are a few of my favorite panels:
We all remember that Princess Leia definitely looked like this when she was captured by the Imperials, yes? And Darth Vader was angry at her sassy hip cock, so he attempted to emulate it? Remember Leia's flowing locks and bare feet? Nothing spells defiance of Empire so well as a lack of footwear.
So… this is the interior of a landspeeder. Ii's kind of like a TARDIS, I guess—gigantic on the inside. And you need a headset to operate it? And yes, that is meant to be Luke and C-3PO looking for the wandering R2.
Obi-Wan Kenobi remembers the time when he was a Jedi Knight, the same as Luke's father. No, like, an actual knight. An armored medieval knight on some kind of tractor motorcycle. Those were the days. Joust-cycling. Those kids racing T-16s don't even know.
Darth Vader is RIDING A TRICERATOPS? Obviously. Well, he's sort of posing in front of it, really. In… in boob armor? It really looks like boob armor.
This might be my favorite panel. Obi-Wan's all, “Your father wanted you to have this lightsaber when you were old enough, but your uncle wouldn't allow it. It's called a lightsaber. After you practice with it a little, head over to my in-desert bar and pour yourself some J&B. Yeah, that's the good stuff.”
Now this is how you teach someone to use the Force on a spaceship… you hand them a lightsaber and then let them float around in zero-G. It really gets the midichlorians pumping.
We're looking for your rebel base, Princess. We assume it's somewhere near the Kennedy Space Center. On Dantooine. (You have to presume that the majority of the intended audience for these comics didn't read English, but even so, what's the reference for this picture?)
Apparently, someone missed the memo that not all stormtroopers are Boba Fetts. Therefore, they are all appropriately outfitted in Mandalorian armor. Outside of the one medical droid.
Wait, who forgot to tell us that CHEWIE IS A CHIMPANZEE? I feel cheated. Personally, emotionally, esoterically, allegorically.
“I'm Luke Skywalker, I'm here to…uh… hey, there.” Everything about this picture. Luke in Fett armor, Leia about to burst into song, the heart on her belt, the weird demon behind her seriously thehellisthat?
The base on Yavin 4, now with Egyptian sphinxes hanging around because DO IT RIGHT. Also, the ship at the top coming in for landing is the Millennium Falcon. It is. Just go with it.
So that's Leia and the guy next to her is supposed to be Han. Everyone is so happy that Leia made it back to the Alliance! So happy that they took out their tourist cameras and are happily flashing away as she goes to deliver essential military information. New snapshots! Ones for the kids to develop, provided the base doesn't get blown up by the Death Star in the next hour or so.
Leia, offering Luke a traditional Alderaanian blessing of tapping two fingers to the forehead before a battle. Wait—wait, C-3PO and R2-D2 are hugging. 3PO's giving him a dome kiss! LACK OF ORGANIC MATTER CANNOT STOP TRUE LOVE.
This was done in the 80s, which is probably why Luke heads to blow up the Death Star in what appears to be a NASA spacesuit. Also, in this version he is made part of Blue Team rather than Red Team which is just wrong, everything wrong, so very wrong.
And then, the moment we've all been waiting for—Luke gets a new girlfriend! Um, oh—oh no, wait, can we please backtrack a little I'm just concerned is all, because how much do they actually know about each other, maybe they should talk a little first, see how much they have in common STOP THIS IS A BAD BAD THING.
It's really worth it to read the translation because all of the little things that the narrative gets wrong are so funny. Do it. Go now. Trust your feelings.
Conservatives and conventional wisdom have told us that it's only rash teenagers getting abortions. But it's not irresponsibility that makes women and girls seek abortion care. It's their awareness of just how massive a commitment parenting is.
Women cite numerous reasons for wanting to terminate a pregnancy, from financial insecurity to a desire to avoid single motherhood to simply not being ready—and everything in between.
Shutterstock
As a woman and a pro-choice advocate, I've always respected a person's decision to seek abortion care. But it wasn't until I became a mother that I really understood their decision. Raising a child is an all-encompassing phenomenon, something you can never understand until you're in the thick of it—and definitely something you should bypass until you're ready.
Politicized stories have a way of painting an overly simplistic, two-dimensional picture of abortion (and by extension, parenthood). To hear right-wingers tell it, the person who gets an abortion is usually a thoughtless teenager or a young woman who uses abortion as birth control. In their narrative, these individuals are lining up around the block to carelessly do away with unwanted pregnancies instead of facing responsibility for not keeping their legs closed.
This supposition is laden with baseless judgments: that those who seek abortion care are selfish; that they do so because having a child would cramp their depraved lifestyles (obviously the “worst” reason to terminate a pregnancy); and that women and adolescents who choose to have abortions don't respect children, family, or motherhood.
It's also factually inaccurate. In reality, statistics upend those assumptions. According to the Guttmacher Institute, 61 percent of abortions are obtained by women with at least one child, and the majority of these women (60 percent) are in their 20s. Teenage girls account for less than one-fifth of all abortions. What's more, teen pregnancy, birth, and abortion rates have declined drastically in the United States and reached a historic low in 2011.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Of course, anti-choice activists and politicians don't seem to care about the facts (or maybe facts are just difficult to read from their high horses). They insist on perpetuating the impulsive abortion patient trope, infantilizing women in the process. This is perhaps most evident in pushes for anti-choice legislation requiring waiting periods, counseling, and forced ultrasounds for people seeking abortions—as if they can't or won't make informed decisions.
I know from personal experience how erroneous this typecasting is. I spent my 20s as an activist fighting for reproductive rights: I attended pro-choice rallies, met with local legislators, led volunteer groups, and spent time as a clinic escort. In this capacity, I met and spoke with countless women who had abortions. And contrary to what anti-choice activists and politicians would have you believe, so many of them were already mothers or wanted to be mothers—someday.
I've brought two lives into this world. Knowing now what it entails to be a mom—from pregnancy, labor, and delivery to meeting the endless demands of other human beings—I believe even more fiercely in abortion on demand and without apology. (And yes, you can be pro-choice and a parent; just read Pregnant, Parenting, and Pro-Choice for a smattering of stories). Everyone deserves to enter parenthood willingly, and every child deserves a parent who is willing to bear the responsibilities of this lifelong commitment. Children should be wanted and cherished, not forced into this world as punishment for their parents engaging in sex.
Women who seek abortion care understand this more than the Republican Party is willing to admit. Women and girls cite numerous reasons for wanting to terminate a pregnancy, from financial insecurity to a desire to avoid single motherhood to simply not being ready—and everything in between. The truth is, women and girls have abortions precisely because they respect children and motherhood, not because they are flippant or have no regard for family.
Women who obtain abortions should be not skewered or shamed. They acknowledge that they're unwilling or unable to parent (at that particular time or possibly ever), and they know children deserve to be loved and cherished. We should give them the same respect they've shown the institution of motherhood by doing so—conception is a biological function, but parenting is not.
Since becoming a parent, I am beyond grateful I was able to plan the number and spacing of my children; if I hadn't been able to, I question whether I would be as loving and patient of a mother.
The Houston Texans have climbed to the top of the AFC South behind a stellar defense that's beginning to look like the dominant unit everyone envisioned when defensive coordinator Romeo Crennel took over in 2014. With a four-game winning streak keyed by the surging unit, I thought it was a great time to dig into the All-22 Coaches Film and try to figure out how the group has bounced back from a dismal start to re-emerge as one of the most feared units in the NFL.
Here are three reasons that the Texans' D is peaking heading down the stretch:
1) Romeo Crennel's adjustments have keyed defensive dominance.
The wily defensive architect is rarely mentioned as one of the top tacticians in the NFL, but his brilliance is undeniable after watching his work with the Texans this season. Crennel has transformed a unit that ranked near the bottom of the charts in nearly every defensive category after Week 7 into one of the stingiest defenses in the NFL.
From Week 8 on, the Texans have held opponents to 8.8 points per game and 250.5 yards total offense, the best in the NFL during that span. Considering the Texans are also averaging 4.0 sacks and two takeaways per game during their four-game winning streak, it's clear Crennel's defense is beginning to live up to expectations.
The Texans' defense has long been viewed as one of the league's elite based on superior personnel. Houston's lineup features eight former first-round picks: J.J. Watt, Vince Wilfork, Jadeveon Clowney, Brian Cushing, Whitney Mercilus, Kareem Jackson, Kevin Johnson and Johnathan Joseph. But it took awhile for Crennel to craft a scheme that accentuated their talents and put his top playmakers in the best position to attack the ball at every level.
From a philosophical standpoint, Crennel builds opponent-specific game plans that are designed to neutralize the opposition's top weapons while also forcing the opposing play caller out of his comfort zone. He wants to keep the ball in front of the defense and force opponents to drive the length of the field using a "dink and dunk" approach. Crennel focuses his efforts on winning red-zone and third-down situations, while also producing takeaways at a high rate.
Last season, the Texans led the NFL in takeaways, finished third in third-down defense (33.9 percent conversion rate) and tied for sixth in red-zone defense. Given the unit's success in Crennel's first season on the job, the Texans' early season woes this year were quite alarming. After the Texans' embarrassing loss to the Miami Dolphins in Week 7, the defense ranked near the bottom of the charts in big plays surrendered (having allowed 16 pass plays of 20-plus yards and four pass plays of 40-plus yards) and points allowed (28.4 per game).
The All-22 Coaches Film of the Texans' performances during the first seven games of the season revealed that the defense surrendered too many deep balls to quarterbacks willing to take shots downfield. In addition, the defense failed to contain running plays, due to shoddy tackling, poor angles and questionable effort getting to the ball. Given that the Texans' problems seemed to be driven by the play of their personnel rather than their scheme, I'm not surprised Crennel seemed to focus his efforts on finding the right combination of players.
Studying the lineups and coaching tape, I noticed the Texans' young players have logged more snaps in recent weeks. Brandon Dunn and Christian Covington have spelled Vince Wilfork on the interior, and Benardrick McKinney has replaced Akeem Dent at linebacker. At free safety, Rahim Moore has been supplanted by Andre Hal and Quintin Demps. Overall, the influx of speed and athleticism has allowed the Texans to eliminate some of the flaws that led them to give up big plays on the perimeter.
Crennel has also deployed Clowney, Watt and Mercilus at different spots to create mismatches along the line. The Watt-Clowney tandem in particular creates problems for opponents attempting to double-team the edge rusher.
In the play below, from Houston's win over the New York Jets in Week 11, Crennel aligns Watt and Clowney on the defensive right, allowing his dynamic duo to go to work off the edge. Clowney is positioned at defensive tackle and instructed to attack the A-gap, while Watt has a two-way go off the edge. With Clowney taking the Jets' right guard away, Watt bull-rushes D'Brickashaw Ferguson and slips inside for a sack (TO VIEW THE PLAY, SCROLL LEFT TO RIGHT ON THE IMAGE BELOW):
In addition, the Texans have tweaked and reshuffled their nickel package to find the best matchups for their cover corners. Kareem Jackson, Kevin Johnson and Johnathan Joseph have switched sides and roles in sub-packages to "lock up" designated receivers on the perimeter. While this takes superb communication and requires some technique diversity, the ability to "match" in the back end puts each player in an optimal situation, particularly in man coverage.
In terms of the Texans' scheme, I noticed minor adjustments in coverage. The defensive backs have spent most of their time in "off" coverage, executing "quarter-quarter-half", three-deep or hybrid man concepts (two-man and Cover-1 Robber). The shift from press to "off" has enabled the Texans to keep the ball in front of the defense by eliminating fade and go-routes that quarterbacks target when spotting tight coverage on the outside.
With Crennel willing to tweak and adjust his personnel and scheme to put his best players in position to make plays on the ball, the Texans' defense is finally looking like the stellar unit most expected it to be heading into the season.
2) J.J Watt is a one-man wrecking ball at the line.
Watt earned his second Defensive Player of the Year award in 2014, suggesting the 6-foot-5, 289-pounder was the top defender in the NFL. In fact, Watt was so dominant last season that he was a serious contender for the Most Valuable Player award, based on his single-handed destruction of opposing offenses.
In 2015, Watt has not only picked up where he left off, but he is showing a diversified game based on his remarkable physical traits and high football IQ. Watt is terrorizing opponents with an assortment of power-based maneuvers at the line, while also displaying the athleticism and quickness to shoot through gaps on slants, stunts and angles.
Although this combination of speed, strength and power has always been a hallmark of his game, Watt's skills have been enhanced by Crennel's willingness to allow the Pro Bowler to freelance at the line. During my tape study, I discovered one two-play sequence that showcased his disruptive potential as a freelance playmaker.
In the video clip below, Watt's ability to shoot the gap results in a tackle for loss. Notice how he aligns at LDE opposite Jets RT Breno Giacomini and shoots the gap immediately after the snap. Watt consistently jumps into gaps when he senses a running play, making the veteran nearly impossible to block at some points of the game.
In the next play, which you can see in the video clip below, Watt registers a sack utilizing his exceptional first-step quickness, balance and body control off the edge. His "dip-and-rip" maneuver is pulled straight from a textbook.
The fifth-year pro has the option of aligning anywhere along the defensive front based on a hunch or favorable matchup. You'll see him aligned anywhere from the one-technique (shaded nose tackle) to the nine-technique (wide alignment on the outside shoulder of the offensive tackle) on any given down. With the rest of the defensive line capable of adjusting to Watt's whereabouts through verbal and non-verbal communication, the offense is unable to consistently direct pass protection to the disruptive playmaker. Given Watt's dominant skills as a one-on-one pass rusher, the freedom to attack from anywhere on the field gives him more chances to make impact plays for the Texans.
I came away from the All-22 Coaches Film most impressed with Watt's ability to identify the weak link on the offensive line (known as "Waldo" in NFL circles) and exploit him with an assortment of power-based maneuvers.
In the Texans' Week 8 win over the Tennessee Titans, Watt quickly identified right guard Chance Warmack and center Joe Looney as the weak links along the line, then proceeded to spend the bulk of his time aligned in the A-gap on their side. On the play depicted below, Watt aligns as a stand-up nose tackle and rushes through the A-gap on his right. Looney is unable to combat his quickness, allowing Watt to shoot through the crease. With Looney forced to abandon his interior position, Mercilus is able to loop around and through the gap for an easy sack (TO VIEW THE PLAY, SCROLL LEFT TO RIGHT ON THE IMAGE BELOW):
With Watt -- who has amassed 70.5 sacks through 75 career games thus far -- accounting for 46.6 percent of the Texans' team sacks in 2015, Crennel is wise to use his top defender as the queen of the chessboard. While opponents will attempt to minimize his impact via creative blocking schemes, the unpredictability of his deployment creates headaches for offensive coordinators around the NFL.
3) The Texans' defensive backs are "playing on a string" in the back end.
When I was a young defensive back in the NFL, I had a well-respected defensive coordinator (Gunther Cunningham) tell me that trust and communication were the essential building blocks to constructing a premier defense in today's game. With more offenses opting for a pass-happy approach to deliver big plays on the perimeter, every defender needs to have a clear understanding of his specified role within a defensive scheme -- and he must be able to relay information to his partners, to ensure continuity on each play.
The All-22 Coaches Film of the Texans' last four games reveals a defensive backfield that is playing as one, relying on exceptional trust and communication between teammates. Whether they're communicating verbally between each snap or exchanging hand signals during the pre-snap phase, the relaying of information between defensive backs stands out. While this is a frequently overlooked aspect of playing good defense, the Texans' first seven games featured a number of blown assignments in the back end, leading to receivers running free through zones without defenders in close proximity.
In addition to improved communication between defenders, I see evidence of growing trust within the unit. Defenders are not only playing with proper leverage in each coverage, but it appears that each defensive back knows exactly where he fits in the scheme; the Texans are disciplined enough to execute their responsibilities in critical moments.
Hal's game-clinching interception against the New York Jets in Week 11 is the perfect example of the secondary displaying trust and communication.
As you can see below, the Jets are aligned in a trips formation, with Brandon Marshall isolated against Joseph on the right. The Texans are showing a "quarter-quarter-half" coverage prior to the snap, but the unit will switch to a Cover-3 Buzz concept after the snap. Notice how Joseph is playing off and slightly outside of the receiver, because he knows Hal and Cushing are underneath droppers to the inside. Hal drops into the hook zone, reads the eyes of the quarterback and makes an aggressive break to the ball. With Joseph responsible for the deep route and double move, the safety is free to attack the ball without hesitation. This play results in an interception for the Texans (TO VIEW THE PLAY, SCROLL LEFT TO RIGHT ON THE IMAGE BELOW):
The Texans' defense has only surrounded one touchdown pass in the past four games, while the unit has come up with eight takeaways and continued to excel on third down (the Texans' 26.2 percent conversion rate allowed on third down leads the NFL) behind the effective play of secondary. With Hal, Demps, Johnson, Jackson and Joseph playing on a string, it will be tough for any aerial attack to move the ball consistently against Houston.
Follow Bucky Brooks on Twitter @BuckyBrooks.
Rush-hour commuters sardined into subway cars on Toronto's packed Yonge line can relax. According to York Region's politicians, the notion that capacity on this route is exhausted amounts to an urban myth. That's why they're lobbying to extend the Yonge line north to Richmond Hill, to take on even more riders. It's an exercise in folly. This proposed new seven-kilometre subway expansion would channel a torrent of additional travelers into an already-deluged system. Toronto Mayor John Tory was spot-on this past week when he pointed out that such a move would be nothing short of reckless without first delivering major relief from existing congestion.
With the Yonge north subway already jam packed, riders often have trouble getting aboard at stops north of Bloor Station. ( Rene Johnston / Toronto Star )
“We just can't do it,” he told CP24. “How irresponsible would it be to have the trains, when they get to Finch, be full so no one can get on?” Right now, Tory noted, they're full by the time they reach the York Mills or Eglinton stops. Councillor Josh Colle, chair of the Toronto Transit Commission, echoed that concern, saying: “We're nowhere near being in the position to extend Yonge north. It's just not feasible right now.” Measures already in the works to ease congestion on the Yonge line should give commuters a bit of breathing space over the next few years. But it would be exceedingly ill-advised to respond by having an influx of York riders inundate the system.
Article Continued Below
That didn't stop a delegation of 16 York Region mayors, councillors and senior staff from travelling to Ottawa and meeting with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to ask for infrastructure funding. And the Number One priority on their list was extending the Yonge subway north from Toronto's Finch station to Richmond Hill. As reported by the Star's Tess Kalinowski, Richmond Hill deputy mayor Vito Spatafora said shovels could be in the ground as soon as 2019, with the project finished in about 10 years. While this construction is going on, York officials expect congestion on Yonge to be eased by measures such as an upgraded subway signal system and automatic controls, which would allow trains to run more frequently, as well as expanded GO Transit service and the opening of the Spadina subway extension. In light of these prospects, Vaughan Councillor Alan Shefman declared to the Star this past week that the claim there's no capacity on Yonge amounts to “mythology.” If only it were so. The problem is that Toronto's population and subway transit needs will continue to grow in decades to come. And building a major, multi-billion-dollar subway extension on Yonge — in the hope there will be room for a flood of York riders — is a risky gamble.
It's better to do as Toronto officials suggest and concentrate on building a “relief line” designed to ease pressure on the Yonge underground. When fully built, this would resemble a great “U” connecting eastern and western stops on the Bloor-Danforth line to Toronto's downtown. Suburban subway riders would be able to reach the city's core without having to board a Yonge train. Such a route was first envisioned more than 100 years ago, and the need for it has never been greater with congestion on Yonge approaching crisis levels. Work on a relief line is listed in the next round of projects under consideration by Metrolinx, but no funding has yet been allocated and it's not clear when development might actually start.
Article Continued Below
Only about 15 per cent of York commuters currently use public transit, and it's entirely understandable that the region's leaders are trying to do better by giving motorists more incentives to leave their cars at home. In the fullness of time, it will be necessary to improve transit between Finch station, on the Yonge line, and Richmond Hill. But the best option may not be a subway. Serious consideration should be given to the benefits of light rail. A more expensive, harder-to-build subway option may still emerge as the desired choice. But, either way, it shouldn't happen before a downtown relief line is in place. That must be a priority. Until real “relief” is at hand, transit officials would do well to steer clear of any expansion of the Yonge line north into York Region. To do otherwise would be to court disaster.
Read more about:
Fact no. 1: Bruce Springsteen has called Donald Trump everything from a “moron” to someone who undermines the “entire democratic tradition.” Fact no. 2: a Bruce Springsteen tribute band has agreed to perform at one of the president-elect's upcoming inaugural balls.
The B Street Band will perform at the New Jersey Society Gala, also called the Garden State Gala, according to the New York Daily News. Chris Christie, the governor of New Jersey and a longtime Springsteen fan, will serve as the honorary chair for the event, which will take place on January 19. This will actually mark the group's second appearance at an inaugural event; the band performed at the Garden State Gala back in 2009, and also played for Christie's own inaugural ball in 2010, after the real Springsteen declined an invitation.
The liberal performer has supported and performed for Democratic leaders in the past, most notably President Barack Obama. The president also chose one of Springsteen's songs, “Land of Hope and Dreams,” as the walk-off music after his rousing farewell speech on Tuesday. Springsteen attended Obama's star-studded White House farewell party as well.
The Boss's love for Obama is rivaled perhaps only by his disgust for Trump. Back in June, Springsteen had told Vanity Fair that he did not plan on really getting involved during the election: with one caveat. “When the times have felt very drastic, I feel like, ‘Well, I gotta put my two cents in.' So we'll see what happens.” Then things got drastic: in September, Springsteen condemned the then candidate, particularly for Trump's rhetoric about a rigged election.
“The republic is under siege by a moron, basically,” Springsteen told Rolling Stone. “The whole thing is tragic. Without overstating it, it's a tragedy for our democracy. When you start talking about elections being rigged, you're pushing people beyond democratic governance. And it's a very, very dangerous thing to do.”
After Trump's election, Springsteen expressed his “fear” about having the former reality star and businessman in the White House.
“I've felt disgust before, but never the kind of fear that you feel now," Springsteen said to Marc Maron on the WTF podcast. "It's as simple as the fear of, is someone simply competent enough to do this particular job? Do they simply have the pure competence to be put in the position of such responsibility?"
Springsteen continued, saying that Trump appealed to voters's worst ideals. “When you let that genie out of the bottle — bigotry, racism, intolerance . . . they don't go back in the bottle that easily if they go back in at all. Whether it's a rise in hate crimes, people feeling they have license to speak and behave in ways that previously were considered un-American and are un-American. That's what he's appealing to. So my fears are that those things find a place in ordinary, civil society.”
Beyond Springsteen, Trump has struggled to appeal to A-list celebrities more generally—a predicament that has greatly impaired preparation for the inauguration. Everyone from Céline Dion to Garth Brooks to Moby has rejected his inauguration team's offer, with several finding rather creative ways to say “no.”
Representatives for Springsteen have not yet responded to Vanity Fair's request for comment.
Get Vanity Fair's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood. E-mail Address Subscribe
Thursday, July 24
By Jimmie Kurtz of Fulton, Mississippi, USA
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so that you may abound in hope by the power of the Holy Spirit.
—Romans 15:13 NRSV
After graduating from Western Illinois University in 1971, I took a position with the state. My wife, our toddler son, and I moved to another city. Our apartment had an outside entrance but was up a flight of steep stairs. It was a holiday weekend, and no one was available to help us unload the rental truck.
We arrived on Friday evening and took only the essentials up to the apartment. We offered our nightly prayers, which included our concern about getting our furniture moved in the next day. Early the next morning I went down to the truck to survey the problem, still not knowing how we were going to get everything up those steep stairs. I could carry some furniture, but not larger items like the refrigerator and sofa.
Just as I arrived to unlock the truck, a couple of teenage boys walked by. Immediately I asked, “Hey, fellas, how would you like to make a few bucks this morning? I have a truck to unload, and I don't have any help.” Their response was a quick “Sure!”
Within a short time, what had looked to be an impossible task was complete. I handed the boys $10 each, and they cheerfully went on their way. Some would call it a coincidence that the boys walked by at just the right time. I believe it was one way God answered my prayers. I am thankful for the help of the boys and for the hope I find in Christ.
Prayer for Peace God of hope, you capture our attention, sometimes, in unexpected ways. Coincidence or blessing, we are aware of your Spirit in our lives. We find joy and peace in believing.
Spiritual Practice: Joy of Gratitude Stand, if possible, with arms outstretched. Imagine God filling your arms with all that you have: family, friends, and possessions. Hold out your arms until they feel tired. Now, bring your arms across your body. Place your hand over your heart and thank God for the abundance that fills your life. Sit for a time, aware of that abundance. Then ask God to help you open your heart in gratitude and share freely with others.
Peace Covenant Today, God, I will join someone and make a difficult task, easier.
Advertisements
The CTC are pressing the police to produce guidelines so helmet camera footage capturing bad driving can be used to punish antisocial motorists.
Chris Peck, campaigns and policy coordinator at the cycling charity, said they knew a large volume of footage had been submitted to the London Metropolitan Police's RoadSafe programme - which allows the public to flag antisocial driving in the capital - but that only a small amount has been used in prosecutions.
Helmet camera footage may be rejected because it fails to meet quality of evidence rules. Either because it's submitted late, it doesn't show events or the people involved clearly, or doesn't reflect how an incident unfolded.
With numbers of cyclists wearing helmet or bar mounted action cameras increasing, Peck said the CTC urged the Met "several months ago" to draft guidelines so cyclists could upload video footage that complied with rules governing quality of evidence. Despite repeated reminders, they're yet to see a draft from the Met.
Peck told BikeRadar: "We would really like to see police accepting some of these reports of careless driving caught on helmet cams and doing something about them."
On-the-spot fines with little enforcement
Last month, new rules came into force giving police powers to hit motorists with on-the-spot fines for careless driving practices including close overtaking and pulling out at a junction without care. But both the CTC and the Police Federation said declining numbers of traffic police meant the rules would be hard to enforce. Helmet cams could offer some mitigation for there being fewer police officers on the beat.
Peck added: "We have asked them [the Met] about this particular issue about Fixed Penalty Notices coming in and so far they've said they've said they don't think they're going to be able to accept helmet cam footage.
"We will continue to work to try and persuade them that this the way of dealing with some the most egregious cases."
BikeRadar have asked the Met for an interview or statement but they have yet to respond.
Steve White, vice-chairman of the Police Federation, which represents more than 120,000 officers nationally, said helmet cam footage could be a useful tool in the fight against antisocial driving.
He said: "The rules of evidence are there and they're pretty clear in terms of use of best evidence. If there is clear photographic evidence – whether videos or stills of offences - then yes of course the police need to use that and they assess it and they use it appropriately.
Helmet cam footage can backfire on the cyclists who capture it. In early August, a video emerged of a helmet cam-wearing Nottingham rider who was knocked off his bike by a car whose occupants – on their way to a funeral – got out and started shouting at him and asking if he had a death wish. The Guardian later reported that police told the cyclist he was at least partially to blame for the incident.
In this week's Trading Shots, retired UFC and WEC fighter Danny Downes joins MMAjunkie columnist Ben Fowlkes to discuss the UFC's move to withhold pay from fighters due to violations of the UFC's outfitting policy.
Downes: Ben, the first week of 2016 has ended and we already have another chapter of the infamous “Reebok Deal” in the books. Three UFC fighters received reductions in their outfitting payments for “knowingly and seriously” violating the policy.
We were upset at the payouts in general, and now some fighters will be receiving even less. Where's your outrage? This is the most egregious insult yet, right? To the barricades!
Fowlkes: I know you're expecting me to reach for the pitchfork purely on reflex here, but after looking into this story last week, I think this one is not quite so simple.
On one hand, yes, it sucks to hear that fighters lost money because of a failure to adhere to the deal that is already costing most of them money. It especially sucks for the fighters who had existing contracts before the UFC signed this deal with Reebok, because the rules were essentially changed on them without any chance for them to voice an opinion.
On the other hand, I understand that if the UFC is going to make this deal work, it has to have some way of ensuring that fighters don't just rip off their Reebok trunks to reveal a pair of Condom Depot shorts right before the fight starts. Financial measures are a good way to ensure compliance.
But there are two things about this “withholding” situation that bother me. One is what the UFC does with the money it takes from fighters. According to UFC officials I spoke with this week, that money stays with the UFC. Or, as one UFC official put it, the money “remains in the athlete outfitting policy compensation fund and will continue to be distributed to the athletes who comply with the policy.”
That doesn't mean that other fighters are going to get more money now that Donald Cerrone got less. It just means that the UFC still has his money, which also means that the UFC could potentially have an incentive to find fault with how fighters conform to the outfitting policy.
That leads me to my other concern. The UFC said that these fighters “knowingly” violated the policy. In Cerrone's case, that seems to be true. In the case of one other fighter who spoke on the condition of anonymity, it wasn't. He characterized his violation as more of a misunderstanding and said he wouldn't have done it if he'd known he'd lose money over it. Tell me Danny, doesn't that concern you a little bit?
Downes: What concerns me is that you're expecting me to give an opinion about an anonymous quote referencing a violation which I know nothing about. Some writers may feel comfortable making statements based on pure conjecture and rumor, but not Daniel W. Downes, my friend. Was this anonymous fighter trying to push the bounds? Did he tiptoe up to the line and call their bluff?
As much as fighters and fans dislike the Reebok deal, it is a fact of life now. It makes sense that the UFC would have rules and enforcement procedures in place to try to make this thing work. You may not like paying your taxes, but “knowingly and seriously” avoiding them doesn't usually have the best results.
I agree that the withholding situation is a cause for concern. If it simply goes back to the pool of money, you're right that it incentivizes the UFC to find more violations. As the big homey Sheryl Crow once said, “The first cut is the deepest,” and now that the first punishments have been levied, it'll be easier to cite precedent. You'll be able to point to other fighters who have been punished and use them as examples.
When you spoke to the UFC official, did you find out if there are ways to dispute these withholdings? I doubt we'll see independent arbitrators hired any time soon, but do these fighters have any recourse other than begging on Twitter?
Fowlkes: We didn't discuss a specific appeals process, mainly because the UFC's position seems to be that everyone knew there would be consequences to their actions.
And that makes me wonder, Danny. What happens if a sponsor comes along and tells a fighter that they'll give him, say, twice what his Reebok pay is just to sneak a logo onto his shorts? Then, even if he loses a portion of his outfitting policy pay, he still comes out ahead.
The UFC maintains that it has the right to pull a fighter from a bout over these violations, but we all know that just wouldn't be tenable in some circumstances. You're telling me that if Cerrone had put a Budweiser patch on his shorts and refused to remove it, the UFC would have yanked him from the fight and left big FOX without a main event? Not bloody likely.
That's what I wonder about going forward. You mention this as the first cut. You think it will make fighters fall in line? Or will it just make them mad?
Downes: I suppose it could be a little from column A and a little from column B.
At the same time, I wonder if fighters really care. I bet a lot of them file it under, “Sucks for Cerrone, but I got mine.” I imagine that there will come a day where a particular fighter challenges the outfitting policy to the level you propose, but he/she will probably end up getting cut and moving on to another organization. Solidarity is not really a common trait among fighters.
We've gone back and forth here, but what's your ultimate conclusion? I feel like we've basically said, “rules are rules.” It may be unfortunate that fighters had funds withheld, but it's the UFC's prerogative to discipline as it sees fit. Like any business, the UFC's ultimate duty is to maximize profits. Does that make me a shill for saying that? Should I just go out and apply for a job at Turing Pharmaceuticals?
Fowlkes: I think it's fine for people to acknowledge that the UFC is a business which exists to make money for its owners, but that doesn't mean anything it does as part of that pursuit is automatically excusable.
At the same time, you're right that the Reebok deal is a reality at this point. I totally understand why the UFC would institute some kind of punitive measure to make sure fighters abide by it. I also think, to avoid even the appearance of impropriety, the UFC should take whatever money it withholds from rule-breaking fighters and give it to charity. Then, at least, something good can come from the sin of knowingly and seriously flouting the Reebok commandments.
Ben Fowlkes is MMAjunkie and USA TODAY's MMA columnist. Danny Downes, a retired UFC and WEC fighter, is an MMAjunkie contributor who also writes for UFC.com and UFC 360. Follow them on Twitter at @benfowlkesMMA and @dannyboydownes.
0
Just over two years after the end of his drama series Treme, writer/producer David Simon now has a new show firmly a “go” at HBO. The creator and showrunner of The Wire, one of the greatest pieces of television in history, began developing a 1970s New York-set drama series about the rise of the porn industry last year called The Deuce. HBO found the idea intriguing enough to order a pilot, and now that the pay cable network has gotten a look at the first episode, they're firmly ready to put this thing on the air.
As if he has nothing else to do, James Franco leads The Deuce in dual roles as twin brothers Vincent and Frankie Martino, who were key players in the Times Square world and became involved with the Mob as fronts for the lucrative sex industry's origins. Maggie Gyllenhaal co-stars as Candy, a Times Square hooker “with an entrepreneurial bent who is drawn into the fledgling porn industry.” The series itself aims to track the rise of porn in Times Square from the early 1970s through the mid-1980s and explores the rough-and-tumble world that existed there until the rise of HIV, the violence of the cocaine epidemic and the renewed real estate market all ended the bawdy turbulence.
Breaking Bad veteran, Game of Thrones helmer, and one-time Wonder Woman director Michelle MacLaren was at the helm of the pilot for The Deuce, and while HBO is no doubt happy to have such a nudity-friendly series as part of its upcoming arsenal, Simon previously told us that his goal is to toe a very fine line with regards to the inherent salaciousness of the material:
“If it works, it will not be because it's prurient. It will not be making porn to critique porn. And it won't work because it's puritan and sneering at the people that were there when that industry came together after the Supreme Court made it legal. It will work because it's a story about human beings, and it's a critique of market capitalism. That's the purpose of the piece. It's a product that didn't exist, and then it existed. What happened to the human beings that made it come to be, and what was the cost of that? If we can affect that and stay on that fence, and not be either sneering at it or indulgent in it, it will be a worthwhile piece. If we don't, then God help us.“
Simon wrote the series alongside George Pelecanos and Richard Price, and he is executive produces the show with Nina Noble and MacLaren. Franco also has an executive producer credit on the series, while Gyllenhaal will be credited as a producer. Gary Carr, Margarita Levieva, Lawrence Gilliard Jr., Dominique Fishback and Emily Meade also star.
No word on how soon The Deuce will air, but if production on the rest of the episodes begins in the next few months, it's possible we could see a late fall or winter debut. The show joins Game of Thrones, The Leftovers, and new series Vinyl and Westworld as HBO's only original dramas at the moment.
Rising temperatures and crop farming mean birds are disappearing from parts of England, says study, while butterflies and dragonflies are faring better
Climate change has already led to the vanishing of some bird species in parts of England, where intensively farmed land gives them no room to adapt to warming temperatures. The revelation, in a new scientific study, contradicts previous suggestions that birds are tracking global warming by shifting their ranges.
The research found that birds that prefer cooler climes, such as meadow pipits, willow tits and willow warblers, have disappeared from sites in south-east England and East Anglia, where intensive crop growing is common.
“Birds are facing a double-edged sword from climate change and declines in habitat quality,” said Tom Oliver, at the University of Reading, who led the new study. “In England, birds really look like they are struggling to cope with climate change. They are already being hit with long-term reductions in habitat quality and, for the cold-associated birds, those losses are being further exacerbated by climate change.”
Climate change is disrupting seasonal behaviour of Britain's wildlife Read more
“Climate change is with us, here and now, and its effects on wildlife are increasingly well documented,” said Mike Morecroft, principal climate change specialist at Natural England, and part of the research team.
Simon Gillings, at the British Trust for Ornithology, and another member of the research team, said: “Intensive [land] management is making it harder for cold-associated birds to find cool corners of sites, or to disperse away from warming regions.”
But Oliver noted that showing the impact of climate change on wildlife is affected by the availability of good habitats means action can be taken: “We are not completely at the mercy of climate change.” Creating larger natural areas in strategic places will help species cope with a changing climate, the scientists said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A family of willow warblers at a summer nest site in Scotland. Photograph: Alamy Stock Photo
The study, published in Global Change Biology, analysed both bird and butterfly data from more than 600 sites monitored between 1964 and 2009. It found butterflies were adapting much better to climate change than birds, although cold-associated butterfly species also suffered if the area around the site was poor in natural habitat.
But while many of the butterfly species that enjoy warmer weather were thriving, birds associated with warmer temperatures were not, due to lost or degraded habitat.
2016 State of Nature report: wildlife winners and losers - in pictures Read more
Oliver said butterflies were faring better as they require much smaller areas of natural land, which are more likely to be available. Good habitat means more suitable food plants and more microclimates in which species can thrive in good years and survive in poor ones.
The ringlet butterfly, for example, suffers badly in drought years. But they can hang on if there are patches of broadleaf woodland available, as these resist droughts and keep soils more moist than treeless landscapes.
Butterflies can also produce many generations in a single year when conditions are favourable, whereas birds reproduce more slowly. The small copper butterfly can have up to five generations a year, Oliver said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The large white-faced darter is one of eleven new dragonfly species to arrive in Britain since 1995. It made its first appearance in 2012. Photograph: Christophe Brochard/British Dragonfly Society
Like butterflies, dragonflies and damselflies are generally adapting well to climate change and warming has brought 11 new species to Britain since 1995, according to a new report from the British Dragonfly Society. Newcomers include the stunning large white-faced darter and Genevieve Dalley, at the BDS, said: “These unprecedented events currently happening in the dragonfly world are exciting but also act as a warning: the natural world is changing.”
But global warming is also threatening the northern damselfly, restricted to a few small lochs in Scotland, and the black darter, which is becoming less common in the south of Britain.
The scientists conducting the bird and butterfly research determined the temperature favoured by each species by looking at the average warmth of their ranges across Europe, with those preferring heat found mostly in southern Europe and vice versa.
Stopping the destruction of habitat such as hedgerows and old orchards and creating new nature reserves can give opportunities for wildlife to adapt to global warming said Oliver. But biodiversity across England continues to fall, he said, despite a landmark review of wildlife sites for the government in 2010.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Meadow pipits, willow tits and willow warblers have disappeared from sites in East Anglia due to crop farming. Photograph: Alamy Stock Photo
“That report called for a step change in nature conservation,” said Oliver. “We are still waiting for that step change and until we see it we can't really expect the fortunes of our wildlife to change.”
Richard Bradbury at the RSPB and not involved in the new research said: “Making use of the tremendously rich wildlife data collected by dedicated UK volunteer observers, this study provides further compelling evidence that climate change is already affecting the UK's species.”
A major report in 2015 found that one in six of the world's species faces extinction due to climate change unless action is taken to cut carbon emissions rapidly.
Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump is interviewed by ABC News on June 16, 2015. [ABC News]
A consulting firm that has worked with real estate mogul Donald Trump allegedly enlisted a New York City casting firm to make sure it appeared Trump had supporters on hand when he announced his entry into the presidential campaign.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, the company, Extra Mile Casting, contacted background actors via email on June 12 seeking people to appear at Trump's campaign launch and cheer for him, offering a rate of $50 in cash for less than three hours of work.
“The entire group is a pro-small business group that is dedicated to encouraging Donald Trump and his latest ventures. This event will be televised,” the casting notice read. “We are looking to cast people for the event to wear t-shirts and carry signs and help cheer him in support of his announcement. We understand this is not a traditional ‘background job,' but we believe acting comes in all forms and this is inclusive of that school of thought.”
The “pro-small business group” was identified as Gotham Government Relations and Communications, a consulting group that has worked with Trump in the past.
An unidentified Extra Mile employee said the company “didn't know anything about that,” while Trump's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski, denied any knowledge of either Gotham Goverment Relations or the casting agency.
“Mr. Trump draws record crowds at almost every venue at which he is a featured speaker,” Lewandowski said. “The crowds are large, often record-setting and enthusiastic, often with standing ovations. Mr. Trump's message is ‘make America great again.'”
Hours after Trump's event declaring his candidacy, Angelo Carusone, who identifies himself as the executive vice-president for the progressive site Media Matters, posted a picture of a background actor taken at the launch.
Carusone said the actor, identified as Domenico Del Giacco, regularly posted shots on Instagram from his bookings. Though Del Giacco later deleted his account, a screenshot of the picture can be seen below:
“This seemed like all the others from his gigs that he posts,” Carusone wrote. “Sure. It seemed fishy. But, but I figured that perhaps it was just a coincidence? Paid actors can support presidential candidates too. No big. I persisted in my incredulity at the thought that Trump might actually pay actors to attend his campaign launch. Then I discovered the other person pictured in the photo is also a paid actress. Hmmm.”
The Reporter later identified the actress as Courtney Klotz. It also posted a picture from Mashable editor Megan Specia showing what she described as a Trump staff member throwing “homemade” signs supporting the candidate in the trash.
Image caption Cheap but highly effective - skilled researchers are boosting India's ability to innovate
"We are a software dhaaba," says Ashwin Kandoi, describing his technology company.
A dhaaba is a roadside eatery that can pretty much make anything a customer wants.
That's the idea behind Winjit Technologies, started eight years ago by Mr Kandoi and his partner Abhijit Junagade.
Located in Nashik in India's western state of Maharashtra, it began with a budget of less than US$200 - but now employs over 100 people and exports to 40 countries.
The core of their organisation is a tiny research and development (R&D) lab. Here they make everything from simple products - like games - to custom-made programs for multinational clients.
One of their biggest successes has been an e-management tool.
It was made for employees of a inter-governmental organisation to efficiently spend donor funding during disaster relief work.
Made at one-tenth of the cost of similar programs, it is now used in eight regions across the globe.
The United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction used the same technology for its One Million Safe Schools and Hospitals Campaign - a global advocacy initiative to make schools and hospitals safer in disasters.
They recently filed their first patent application for a product called 'I-Winjit' - a technology that lets tablet computers recognise objects - for example a toy elephant - placed on the screen.
When it identifies an object it delivers information, sounds and images related to it - in this case pictures and sounds from an Asian jungle.
Big R&D spenders
This firm represents the big shift happening in India at the moment.
Small garage-sized outfits across the country are working on cutting-edge research and exciting new product development.
Image caption Ashwin Kandoi uses a silver toy elephant to demonstrate how i-Winjit works
But the key driver of R&D activity in the country is large multinationals. Offshoring has grown into an industry worth US$9.3bn a year that is growing by 23% annually.
According to a Zinnov Management Consulting study, nearly half of the world's largest R&D spenders have centres in India, where researchers and scientists collaborate to produce innovative new products.
Business software specialists SAP Labs were among the first multinational companies to use India as a location.
They set up in Bangalore in 1998 after deciding to extend their labs beyond Germany and the US west coast.
The company wanted a centre based in the Asia-Pacific region to make it easier to create products more suited to the area. India was chosen because there was a ready supply of qualified engineers, according to Clas Neumann, Global Head of the SAP Labs network.
But things have moved on from there.
"SAP is using India as an incubation engine of innovation for the entire company," says Mr Neumann.
The centre does both research work and software development.
Now, the India operation is one of the fastest growing subsidiaries within SAP worldwide. Compared to 11% globally, SAP in India registered over 60% revenue growth in the first quarter of 2012.
They're not alone; global multinationals such as Microsoft, IBM, Cisco, Oracle, Adobe and Intel all have centres in India.
Image caption More and more companies are moving researcher operations to India to attract the country's techies
Another big innovator, Xerox, has a lab in India. Through a concept called Open Innovation, the company not only employs researchers but works with scientists and researchers from top Indian academic institutions.
Chinese telecom company Huawei has invested $400m over the past 10 years in India, and is planning to invest an additional $150m in a new R&D campus in Bangalore.
Zynga, makers of hugely popular online games like Farmville and Mafia Wars, have opened an office in Bangalore with over 200 employees.
And Google's engineering teams in Bangalore and Hyderabad were responsible for some key features of Google Drive, the search giant's recently-launched cloud storage service.
In retail too global companies are looking to India for their R&D facilities.
Tesco Hindustan Service Centre is a unique facility where thousands of Indian engineers, architects and other graduates work together on key business services for Tesco operations globally.
This includes everything from property design, business and financial operations, and mobility solutions.
Pharmaceuticals is the other big sector where global R&D is moving to India.
In April, India's largest drugmaker Ranbaxy Laboratories launched Synriam, a treatment for Malaria. They claim this is India's first new drug.
Dr Sudershan Arora, president of R&D at Ranbaxy says: "The country ... has a large pool of treatment-naive population with diverse disease patterns, [which make it easy for] recruitment [for research]."
"These are some of the inherent strengths that have made global pharmaceutical companies view India as a preferred destination for activities associated with R&D, drug research, clinical trials etc."
Global laboratory
But new drug discoveries are very rare and some critics say the bulk of the research done in India is low-end testing work.
One reason is that public funding for research is still very poor.
India spends around $15bn (£10bn) annually on civilian research programs - less than that of several smaller Asian countries. Singapore spends over 2% of its gross domestic product and South Korea 3% on R&D.
Image caption Researchers in Tesco's Hindustan Service Centre work on services used by the supermarket worldwide
Yet R&D in the private sector is thriving. The Indian market is being looked at as a global laboratory to develop and test products that can be replicated across other regions.
"Today, India is a key market for emerging market innovations," says Chandramouli C S from Zinnov Management Consulting.
"The uniqueness of our market, like price sensitivity, needs a new solution-oriented approach, which engineers in India are well-positioned to solve."
Examples are the under-$40 mobile phone that Motorola has developed, or the MAC 400 - an electro-cardiography device "designed, sourced and manufactured in India" by GE Healthcare.
Image caption Like other technological hubs, a growing community is starting to take shape around the retail industry
The device took 18 months and only half-a-million dollars to develop.
This shift towards being a global laboratory gives India a huge advantage in attracting more R&D centres.
Added to this, labour in India is cheap. An engineer here can be hired for as little as US$5000 a year. A team leader or a lead engineer would make an average of US$30,000 annually.
Some estimates suggest that there are over 250,000 Indian engineers working on global R&D.
Developing complex products needs technical staff, engineers, scientists and designers - and India produces millions of them. Companies looking to produce products faster also find they can do this working in India.
And in the aerospace and defence industries, the Indian government often requires that products are made here, which in turn brings in more R&D.
But working in India is not without its challenges.
Wages have been going up in recent years, inflation is a big worry and operational costs, at least in the big cities like Bangalore and Delhi, are high.
Israel should back the US-Russian attempt to put together the international conference, rather than raising the military stakes in the Syrian war.
It's been 10 days since the Israeli air force attacked a Syrian facility suspected of holding advanced Iranian missiles destined for Hizbollah militants in Lebanon. It was the second Israeli attack inside Syria in the space of as many days.
Now Israel's prime concern is to avert the possible deployment of Russian S-300 air defence missiles in Syria, which could strengthen the regime of the president, Bashar Al Assad, at a time when his forces appear to be gaining the upper hand around Damascus.
The Israeli prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, met the Russian leader, Vladimir Putin, after US Secretary of State John Kerry held Kremlin talks last week that resulted in an agreement to hold an international conference on a political transition in Syria.
The Israeli attack on a military base north-west of Damascus on May 5 was the most significant strike seen in the Syrian capital since the conflict began more than two years ago. But the strikes also sent a strong message to both Washington and Iran regarding Israel's "red line", which is linked to the defence of Israeli security.
The message went: watch out, if we feel our security is threatened by Syria or Iran, this is how we will react.
But what did the Israeli action achieve? From an Israeli perspective it was apparently a successful bombing raid on the Syrian arms complex that also killed 42 Syrian troops. Yet the diplomatic and military responses were not slow in coming. The Assad regime proclaimed that the attack was a "declaration of war" and that retaliation would be forthcoming at a time and place of the Syrian government's choosing.
The leader of Hizbollah, Hassan Nasrallah, warned that Syria would transfer "game changing" weapons to his militia. Mr Al Assad himself, in an interview with a Lebanese newspaper, threatened "strategic revenge". He said this would come about by opening the door of resistance, turning all of Syria into "a country of resistance".
For now, such threats remain in the domain of rhetoric, although the installation of the advanced Russian ground to air missiles - intended to deter possible western plans to arm Syrian rebels - would be a game-changing move. Mr Netanyahu appealed on Tuesday to Mr Putin to cancel the sale of the weapons to Damascus.
Mr Netanyahu headed for China - a key UN Security Council member - after the Israeli bombing. The Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman pointedly called on all sides concerned to "respect Syria's sovereignty and territorial integrity". They should also "avoid the use of military force and acts that might raise tension". It was pretty clear who the Chinese had in mind.
Mr Putin, whose government has resisted any attempt by the West to overthrow Mr Al Assad, went so far as to telephone Mr Netanyahu the day after the Israeli strike in Damascus, when the Israeli prime minister was in Shanghai. Mr Putin is reported to have rebuked the Israeli prime minister and warned him against any further attacks on Damascus.
Mr Netanyahu is playing a dangerous game. There is a serious danger that the Syrian civil war - which has already drawn in Iran on the side of Mr Al Assad, and Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia in support of the rebels - can spread even further. The double car bombing in Turkey on the border with Syria, which killed at least 40 people last weekend, is a dramatic reminder of the risks.
An open conflict involving Israel must be a nightmare scenario that policymakers in Washington will want to avoid.
For his part, the US president, Barack Obama, spoke to Mr Netanyahu last Wednesday on regional security issues and agreed they would continue to cooperate closely on security. Washington defended Israel's attacks on the Syrian targets as stemming from its right to "defend itself".
Israel certainly has a stake in the outcome to the Syrian conflict. The break-up of the country cannot be in its interests, nor can the victory of rebel forces linked to Al Qaeda. But the Israeli government's efforts should now be put into backing the US-Russian attempt to put together the international conference, rather than raising the military stakes in an already complex war.
It could be that Mr Netanyahu and his military advisers think the conflict will be resolved on the battlefield. That could be the calculation too by both sides in the Syrian conflict.
The Russians have now said that it's unlikely the international conference can be held, as they had originally hoped, at the end of this month. Indeed, sometime in June appears more likely. Inevitably, the preparations will bog down over who will be the "legitimate" negotiators at the table.
But Russia and the United States should be credited with their attempt to bring the war to a conclusion through negotiations, and for at last trying to coordinate their efforts.
Unfortunately, Syria's war is not yet ripe for an international conference. Neither side feels weak enough to hand over to the diplomats. Poor Syria is likely to plunge into even greater bloodshed before the guns fall silent.
Anne Penketh is an international security analyst based in Paris
On Twitter: @annepenketh
A retired social worker who is establishing a food bank in one west of Ireland town said some of those experiencing food poverty were people with jobs who outwardly appeared to be doing well.
Tony Scanlon, who is co-ordinating the project with the Family Life Centre (FLC) in Boyle, Co Roscommon, said reportage about the recovering economy was making it even more difficult for those in crisis to admit they were not coping.
Mr Scanlon, who set up a Facebook page “Poverty and Homelessness” three weeks ago to establish the level of need in the region, said he had no doubt that people were going without meals because of the burden of other financial commitments.
“I do believe people in Sligo, Roscommon and Leitrim are going hungry,” he said. “I think children go to school hungry, not everyday but maybe one day a week when the cupboard is running bare just before the next pay cheque comes in.” He said many of these fit into the “squeezed middle” or “new poor “ categories .
Louise Moran, manager of the FLC in Boyle which will be the focal point of the food bank, said she was aware of people “who cannot put food on the table” and said there were parents who didn't eat lunch because they had to send what they had with their children to school.
She contacted Mr Scanlon after learning about his plans to avail of FoodCloud, a company set up by two Trinity College graduates which uses technology to link retailers holding excess food with charities.
The FLC was also planning to provide a food bank through the European Fund for Aid to the Most Deprived (FEAD), and the two will now pool these resources. “We hope to have the food ready to go next month,” she said.
The centre in Boyle used to distribute intervention cheese and rice under the “Most Deprived Scheme” which closed two years ago.
“We used to be inundated with people,” explained Ms Moran. “They would queue if they had to. We did not ask any questions and obviously hoped the people who were most in need got it.”
Working couples
Ms Moran believes the people who are now in crisis include working couples whose expenses have soared while their income may have dropped due to reduced hours.
“We are talking about the parents with 2.4 children and two jobs, with a huge mortgage and huge childcare costs who, when it comes to the end of the week pay all their bills, but are left with almost nothing to pay for food.”
Mr Scanlon said zero hours contracts and illness were factors for some people.
He has already been contacted by one woman who, after the expenses associated with a cancer diagnosis and treatment, is managing to feed two adults and two children on €30 a week. “I did the sums and it works out at 60 cent a meal.” Mr Scanlon believes an anonymous national audit should be carried out “along the lines of the census” to establish the disposable income of all citizens. “Until you identify the scale of a problem, you cannot deal with it.”
He said the link between suicide and poverty had not been explored.
He believes recent media commentary about an economic recovery may exacerbate the problem.
“It is more difficult to admit you are not doing well when everyone else is talking about the recovery. If every media source says the economy is rising, the property prices are booming, and the rate of unemployment is falling, it is more difficult to put your head up and say I am feeling more squeezed.”
How MH17 Gave Birth to the Modern Russian Spin Machine
It seems odd to look back to just over two years ago — a time when Russia had already effectively annexed Crimea and quietly fomented civil war in Ukraine — and to think of those days as simpler times.
To be sure, they weren't that simple, even then: Before Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was shot down over eastern Ukraine, Russian officials had already lied publicly about their special forces' role in the seizure of Crimea. Kremlin-backed media had already begun spreading wild rumors and fake news stories, such as the alleged crucifixion of a 3-year-old boy by Ukrainian forces.
But, looking back now, it seems that the downing of MH17 — a disaster that horrified the world, and that has since been the subject of two international investigations seeking to establish some semblance of truth — marked a Rubicon moment for the Russian disinformation machine: the first time that the full power of the state was trained on the task of convincing the world to accept a false narrative of events, despite a preponderance of evidence to the contrary.
If, previously, Russia had dabbled in the disinformation game, the aftermath of the MH17 disaster was a veritable case study in how to use a multitude of different communications channels to achieve a common goal: the discrediting of all those who claimed that Russia had played some part in the attack. Internet trolls, hackers, Kremlin-run media, state employees, retired soldiers, public officials, and anonymous programmers — all of them combined forces in a joint mission to attack investigators and even fake evidence. It was a disinformation operation of unprecedented scope and scale, one that initiated a new, and extremely troubling, phase in what Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov has since called Russia's “state of information warfare with the trend-setters in the information space.”
Moreover, it hasn't stopped since: The techniques used to attack the MH17 investigation have since been used to deny Russian complicity in various other fatal incidents, not only in Ukraine, but also in Syria — not least the recent destruction of a United Nations aid convoy, which Russia, in the days following, has tried to claim was the result of nearby rebel artillery fire, or perhaps some form of sabotage.
The downing of the Malaysia Airlines flight was something of a tipping point for Russia's public image. Before the disaster, some Russian leaders had been sanctioned for the illegal annexation of Crimea, but the West, and especially the European Union, had been reluctant to go further. There had been a sense that Ukraine's problems were, at least in part, of its own making, and that a local conflict should not be allowed to sour broader relations. But the downing of a civilian airliner with the death of all 298 people on board turned that local problem into a global one.
Right from the start, the Kremlin was implicated as the main supporter and advocate of the separatists in eastern Ukraine. The Ukrainian government accused the separatists of shooting down MH17 in the mistaken belief that it was a military transport, and accused Russia of supplying the Buk surface-to-air missile system. That version resonated in an international arena that had seen Russia annex Crimea illegally just four months prior.
For the first few days, the Russian government's response seemed almost hesitant. Its first public statements were, by Kremlin standards, practically restrained: It said that Ukraine ought to do more to stop the fighting, and called for an international inquiry. We can only guess at the conversations held in the Kremlin at that critical juncture. But four days after the crash, it became clear that Russia had settled on a new strategy. It would present its own theory of the case and stick to it no matter how increasingly improbable it seemed. And if that required using the organs of the state to generate “evidence” supporting that theory, it would do that, too.
On July 21, in an hour-long briefing, the Russian Ministry of Defence made a series of announcements: First, that Russian radar had spotted a Ukrainian Su-25 combat aircraft near MH17; second, that Russian satellites had spotted Ukrainian Buk missiles in the area; and third, that a video circulated by the Ukrainian Interior Ministry, purporting to show a Buk launcher in separatist-held territory, was in fact filmed in government territory. The fact that these claims pointed towards contradictory theories of the crash — one toward an aircraft, the other toward a missile — seemed unimportant. Regardless, the government itself, state-owned media, internet trolls, and even arms of the Kremlin typically uninvolved in information warfare, such as state-owned weapons manufacturers, kicked into overdrive to back them up.
The ministry came to its July briefing armed with “proof” of its contradictory theories. First, to back up the idea that a Ukrainian plane may have shot down MH17, it claimed that Russian air control had detected a Ukrainian Air Force Su-25 jet moving toward MH17 before the crash, and presented images which purported to show its presence. The images, however, were of self-evidently low quality, and were quickly challenged by observers. Ultimately, the claim that another aircraft had downed MH17 would be debunked by international investigators, who said that there had been no sign of other planes in the vicinity of the crash. (The ministry even appeared to confess to its earlier lie this month — sort of — when it announced that it had come up with new “radar data” showing that nothing, not even a missile, had approached MH17 from separatist-held territory at all.)
Second, to support the notion that it may have been a Ukrainian — not a Russian — missile that brought down the plane, the defense ministry presented a series of “satellite photos” which purported to reveal the presence of a Ukrainian Buk system in the area of the crash. These, again, were of low resolution, making it hard to assess their validity; but analyses by investigative journalism group Bellingcat and the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies at the Middlebury Institute of International Studies, the latter of which using forensic software, ultimately demonstrated that the images had been digitally altered.
Third, to aid in dismissing a video released by the Ukrainian government, which showed a Buk launcher being transported through separatist territory, the ministry brought purported “stills” of the video. These stills focused in on a billboard, which supposedly had on it a visible address in the city of Krasnoarmeisk, located in government-controlled Ukraine. Bellingcat's research proved that this, too, was a fake.
But such investigations took time: It was not until mid-2015 that the rebuttals began to gather momentum. In the interim, the Kremlin's disinformation machine went to unprecedented efforts to promote both the “Su-25” and “Ukrainian Buk” theories.
RT, the state-funded TV network, scrambled to provide the Kremlin with backup, concentrating on the former. It aired a 23-minute documentary showing off the main armament on the Ukrainian Air Force plane, including a live-fire test in which a Su-25 strafed two grounded aircraft to compare the exit holes with those seen on MH17. It ran a report featuring an unnamed mechanic at a Ukrainian air base who had claimed, while taking a lie detector test, to have seen a Ukrainian fighter take off armed and return with its air-to-air missiles spent on the fatal day. And, separately, it contacted a bewildering array of former Russian military officials to confirm that a Su-25 — a low-altitude ground-attack aircraft — could have, in fact, downed MH17. These “experts” included Lt. Gen. Aleksandr Maslov, former deputy chief of the Russian Air Defense and Land Forces; the former commander of an aviation division, Maj. Gen. Sergey Borysyuk; and the former chief commander of Russia's Air Force, Vladimir Mikhailov.
Meanwhile, a range of state employees lined up to validate the “Ukrainian Buk” theory. In June 2015 — while RT was still touting the Su-25 story — Almaz-Antey, the state-owned company which manufactures Buk missiles, held a press conference in which it claimed that MH17 had indeed been brought down by a Buk, but it had been fired from Ukrainian government-held territory, and using a type of weapon no longer employed by Russia, but still in use in Ukraine. It elaborated on those claims in October 2015, citing as evidence ballistic tests and a full-scale, very dramatic, live-fire simulation which saw it detonating a Buk against an aircraft fuselage. According to this “evidence,” the international investigators were wrong about the sort of Buk used, the angle at which it approached the plane, and the place from which it was launched. Almaz-Antey stuck to its story throughout 2016, and even as late as this month has continued to insist on its version of events.
In parallel, an unacknowledged army of commentators flooded internet chat forums with comments supporting the two Russian versions. These “trolls” ranged from the simply abusive (the author has learned an impressive number of Russian obscenities as a result of their attention to his Twitter feed) to the wildly conspiratorial (such as suggesting that the MH17 crash had been a CIA plot to shoot down Russian President Vladimir Putin). They were backed by a shadowy group of hackers who tried to penetrate Bellingcat's emails. They were even backed by ludicrous fakes, such as a leaked “recording” of some of the most stilted “CIA agents” ever to disgrace a propaganda attempt.
Not since Soviet times has a government in Moscow gone to such lengths to pervert the course of justice; it is therefore worth asking why they went so far, and why, once they had begun, they chose to repeat the practice in Syria.
We cannot know what was said in the Kremlin in the days between the crash and the defense ministry press conference. What we do know is that the downing of MH17 turned the war in Ukraine — which had previously been mainly a diplomatic liability — into a potentially political, and perhaps even a criminal, liability. How would Russian voters react if their government — always keen to portray itself as infallible and the embodiment of national pride — were found guilty of having abetted the murder of 298 innocent people? And how would the international community react if a chain of command were found that led back to the Kremlin?
In that light, it is instructive to examine the moments at which the Russian disinformation machine has gone into action in Syria. In particular, it has been cranked up to full speed whenever an incident has occurred which could be presented or construed as a war crime: the bombing of hospitals or mosques, or, most recently, the aid convoy.
The first example of “MH17-style” fabrications being used in Syria came at the end of October 2015, a month into the Russian bombing campaign there. Russia was accused of striking a mosque in Jisr al-Shughur, in Syria's Idlib province, on Oct. 1, 2015, the second day of the campaign.
The defense ministry's response was to label the claim a “hoax,” and to publish “satellite imagery” showing an intact mosque with a blue dome on the western edge of the town, together with a large text box, which named it as the “Al Farooq Omar Bin Al Khattab mosque”, covering the northern outskirts. Again, this claim was amplified by RT and the Sputnik internet portal, which gave lavish coverage to the ministry's claim that “the Western media keep publishing fake stories about the allegedly indiscriminate nature of the airstrikes conducted by our forces.”
And again, this “evidence” was later exposed in a report published by Bellingcat, which demonstrated that the name cited by the MoD conflated two separate mosques: One, with a blue dome, was the Al Farook mosque, sitting at the western edge of town, still intact. But the mosque reported destroyed in the Russian airstrike was called the Omar Bin Al Khattab mosque, which had a minaret instead of a dome, and was situated in the northern outskirts — or had been, anyway. And the place where it had been located was neatly hidden under the ministry's text box in the photographs it released.
Following the publication of a damning report this week by the Joint Investigation Team (JIT), an international task force charged with investigating the MH17 wreck, which concluded definitively that the missile that brought down the plane had been transported into Ukraine from Russia, all arms of the Kremlin's disinformation machine have switched back to MH17 mode. Official Kremlin media have sought to claim that the JIT “did not link” the MH17 crash to Russia. The Russian Foreign Ministry accused the JIT of being “politically motivated.” Almaz-Antey, back in the spotlight, gave its own briefing, broadcast by RT, which trashed the JIT's findings. And in parallel, internet trolls began attacking those, including this author, who covered the report, on social media.
It seems only a matter of time before Russia's propaganda machine refocuses on the country's ongoing military campaign in Syria. But the two and a half year MH17 disinformation campaign is a case study of the Kremlin's present mindset. It has revealed the Russian government's willingness to lie, fake, and defraud its way out of trouble, even when the stakes are potential criminal charges. That raises obvious questions about the Kremlin's willingness to show any modicum of responsibility and restraint during conflicts like the ongoing one in Syria.
The most disturbing lesson from the MH17 affair is that, so far, at least, while the propaganda efforts have lost Kremlin much of its credibility in the Western world, it has allowed it to remain solidly in charge back home. No one has yet to face justice for the deaths of hundreds of civilians. That is, with MH17, the disinformation machine crossed the Rubicon — and so far, it has worked.
Photo credit: ROBIN VAN LONKHUIJSEN/AFP/Getty Images
Preston North End have signed Bolton Wanderers striker Jermaine Beckford on loan.
The 30-year-old frontman has initially joined on an emergency loan deal until January.
That will then turn into a loan for the rest of the season when the transfer window opens.
Beckford links up with PNE boss Simon Grayson for the third time in his career, having played under him at Leeds United and Huddersfield Town.
He has been given the No.10 shirt and goes straight into the squad for Saturday's clash with Bristol City at Ashton Gate.
Grayson said: “You only want to bring in players that you feel will enhance the squad and add to the level of competition that you have and we feel that Jermaine will do that.
“I have worked with him twice before and he has a fantastic goal record. He has played in the Premier League and everyone knows what he is about and I think it's a big coup for us.”
My husband and I are big Costco fans. We love to nose around to see if they are carrying any new vegan products, argue over the wisdom of buying a 50-pound bag of sweet potatoes, and endlessly discuss whether we should purchase a home surveillance system so we can spy on our cats when we're traveling.
One fun thing we don't get to do is try all the freebie samples that the nice ladies in their plastic caps hand out. Once in a while we'll score some chips and guacamole or—far less exciting—a slice of Anjou pear. But for the most part the offerings aren't vegan. On the plus side, it saves us from eating a lot of really unhealthy food. While it's certainly true that vegans can make unhealthy food choices, it's far easier to do so when your options include cheesy fries, French bread pepperoni pizza, and cream puffs.
And when we get in line with our cart filled with quinoa, peanut butter, extra virgin olive oil, pinto beans, chickpeas, hummus, lemons, and frozen blueberries, it's pretty obvious that even with a few treats, our basket looks way healthier than the ones piled up next to us.
On one recent trip, my husband looked around at the other shopping carts and said “If diet really matters, we should live to be 150.”
Diet does matter, of course; it matters a lot. (And my husband, who has a PhD in nutrition, knows that.) But it doesn't make us bulletproof against disease and it's a mistake to believe that it does. It's especially a mistake to advocate for animals by promising people that going vegan will somehow make them invincible.
Lately, I've been seeing quite a few stories about people with cancer in my facebook feed. Several of my FB friends have breast cancer or have been treated for it. Others are dealing with news of cancer in their loved ones.
Most of the comments on these posts are appropriately supportive and sympathetic. But you can always expect that there will be a few that are downright cringe-inducing. If the person with cancer is vegan, it's a good bet that someone will suggest that they must have been a “junk food” vegan. That they probably ate “tons of soy” and cooked with “unhealthy olive oil.” (Actually, both of those foods are more likely to be protective against cancer than harmful, but that's a story for another post.)
Aside from the fact that such comments are incredibly rude (even for facebook), trying to blame someone for their disease is not the least bit helpful. Worse, some vegans with cancer blame themselves. In one instance, a vegan who was diagnosed with cancer before the age of 30 said that it wasn't surprising since she had been overweight and ate a junky diet. But, cancer in your 20s is unusual even among people who eat the worst diets.
Disease shaming alienates and ostracizes people. Vegans may be afraid to share their diagnosis with others. They may not ask for much-needed support because they worry about feeling judged. Some may be reluctant to admit that they have chosen conventional treatment for their cancer instead of trying to cure it through some raw, low-fat, alkaline, whole foods vegan diet. But, there is no evidence that any particular diet, whole foods plant-based or otherwise, can cure cancer. Believe it or not (sorry, Hippocrates) sometimes you have to let medicine be thy medicine.
And while there are diet and lifestyle choices that lower risk for cancer, there is no surefire way to prevent it through what you eat. The evidence for effects of fiber, vegetables, fruits, meat, eggs, milk, and vegetable oils on breast cancer, for example, is “limited,” at best. That's the conclusion of the World Cancer Research Fund and the American Institute for Cancer Research, organizations that summarize all of the findings on diet and cancer.
We do have research showing that certain types of diets—mainly those based on plants with lots of fiber and antioxidants—are likely to reduce risk of cancer. And choosing foods accordingly is a good idea. It's just that we can't say with any certainty that any type of diet offers a guarantee against cancer.
Nor can we ignore the other things that might affect risk. Not just environment and genes, but also factors like reproductive history. Women who have never had a baby or breastfed a baby are at considerably higher risk for breast cancer. And then there is mental health. Stress and depression are both related to inflammation, a condition that underscores many chronic diseases, maybe including cancer. And for many people, these can be difficult to manage.
The fact is that disease, especially cancer, is complex, and our understanding of the causes and cures is imperfect. Pretending that a vegan diet is an established way to make people disease-proof might seem like a good way to get more people to go vegan. But it can cost us credibility. It can deter people from getting appropriate medical help. And it alienates vegans who have cancer or diabetes or heart disease or who aren't slender.
Alienating vegans who don't live up to some particular physical ideal is not the best way to create a vegan world. And it's especially hurtful when those vegans who are overweight or have cancer or some other disease also happen to be incredible advocates for animals.
Lifestyle choices can raise or lower the likelihood that you'll have a healthier life and maybe a longer one. But the only real guarantee in this life is that those of us who build our choices around a vegan ethic will leave the world a better place than we found it.
The incident took place between 5.30 pm and 7.30 pm on Thursday evening in Kiel, the capital of Germany's northernmost state, Schleswig-Holstein.
As the teenagers aged between 15 and 17 went for dinner together, they were followed by two young men, both from Afghanistan, police report.
The two men then started filming the girls with their phones as they sat in a restaurant near the harbour.
According to statements the girls gave police, the men then appeared to send the video or pictures to other people.
Within a few minutes a group of up to 30 men had arrived at outside the restaurant.
Two of the girls ran from the restaurant at this point and managed to shake off a group of around ten men who followed them.
But when they returned to look for their friend, two men sat next to them and began again to harass them.
According to the current investigations none of them men attempted to physically assault the girls.
Police were alerted by other customers at the restaurant. When officers took four of the men in to check their identities, the men resisted and have been charged with attempted grievous bodily harm.
A spokesperson for the police in Kiel explained to The Local that they came to the scene on suspicion that two men were threatening other restaurant patrons and would not stop.
The other two men are being investigated for their attempts to commit violence against law enforcement officials.
The perpetrators are believed to have mainly been of migrant background.
January's incidents led to intense debate about the extent to which migrants and refugees who have arrived from war-torn and poor countries over the past year pose a threat to German society.
This article is part of the Performance Pharmacy Series.
In today's Starbucks-laden world, it comes as no surprise that caffeine is the most (ab)used over-the-counter stimulant drug. Walk into a gas station and there will likely be an entire aisle dedicated strictly to “energy” drinks: Rockstar, Red Bull, Jolt, etc. Oh and if you missed that aisle, don't worry because there will be an entire row of “energy shot” products waiting by the register (replace the term energy with caffeine and that's why it has attained numero uno status on the list of most heavily used stimulant drugs).
Most people aren't even aware of their caffeine intake; they just adhere to the cultural norms of a morning cup of coffee and succumb to the temptation of fighting off the mid-afternoon “crash” at the office…But then it happens. You wake up, down a triple-shot espresso and don't feel that usual “pep” that you're yearning for. Your head starts pounding, you feel lethargic, unmotivated, irritable, and wondering why me?
Well, in a generic sense, you're no different than a heroine junkie going through withdrawals. You've become addicted. For most people, this isn't a big issue because they just sit at a desk all day and are probably more worried about whose birthday it is in the office so they have an excuse to eat some cake. However, for gym-goers and athletes alike, this can mean disaster for performance.
Now don't get me wrong I'm not about to demonize caffeine use, but rather I will provide some insight into how this commonplace drug, when implemented properly, can propel your athletic performance to another level.
Caffeine: What It Is and How It Works
An abbreviated synopsis:
Caffeine (sometimes listed as 1,3,7-trimethylxanthine) is an organic, alkaline substance and a derivative of xanthine. It's primarily found in tea leaves, coffee beans, guarana, various fruits, and other sources. Its sister homologues--theobromine (aka 3,7-dimethylxanthine) and theophylline (aka 1,3-dimethylxanthine)--are primarily found in kola nut and cacao plant. While caffeine is metabolized in the liver to its sister homologues (albeit not in substantial quantities), which have slightly different effects in humans; we will focus primarily on the physiological effects caffeine provides for athletic performance.
Methylxanthines serve as central nervous system and myocardial (heart) stimulants and are often therapeutically used to treat disorders such as COPD and asthma due to their bronchodilating property. They act as acetylcholinesterase and phosphodiesterase (PDE) inhibitors; for performance we are mainly concerned with the latter of the two. PDE enzymes serve to break phosphodiester bonds such as those in cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP).
Thus, Inhibition of PDE enzymes prevents (delays) the breakdown of cAMP and cGMP. This is an important mechanism as cAMP and cGMP both serve as second messengers in signal transduction channels. In brief, cAMP and cGMP convey signals from various hormones and other substrates from cell-membrane receptors to intracellular target-molecules. When these signals are amplified by cAMP and cGMP, metabolic processes are more rapid, of which we will look at below.
Brief Primer - What Happens When Your Central Nervous System (CNS) is “Stimulated”
The CNS is composed of the brain and spinal cord in humans and is the pathway for sending and receiving signals between all parts of the body. When the CNS neurons are stimulated and cAMP/cGMP are activated, various bodily functions are sent into “overdrive”; the primary acute effects are:
Increased heart rate
Vasoconstriction
Psychostimulation
Increased metabolism
Increased urination
Some of these effects are indeed favorable for one's athletic and physique goals. Many studies have analyzed the cardiovascular and resistance training benefits of caffeine and how it can boost aerobic and anaerobic performance. There appears to be multiple mechanisms for how caffeine acts as an ergogenic aid, such as:
Increased exogenous carbohydrate metabolism
Increased fatty acid oxidation
Increased epinephrine (adrenaline) levels
Bronchodilation
Decreased muscle interstitial potassium levels
All of these would be desirable benefits for anyone looking to enhance athletic performance and fat loss. In layman's terms, increased carbohydrate metabolism allows for more efficient utilization of carbohydrates for energy, increased fatty acid oxidation means more of those pesky love handles get used for your workout than your bedroom affairs, ramped up epinephrine levels give you that “cloud nine” feeling and can be a psychological boost, bronchodilation allows for increased oxygen uptake and the reduced muscle interstitial potassium levels are hypothesized to delay fatigue during intense exercise.
The Benefits and Risks of Caffeine Before Hitting the Gym
Caffeine is indeed a worthy addition to one's pre-workout arsenal, but it ultimately comes down to one's goals and the circumstances. Recreational and competitive bodybuilders can gain many advantages from proper caffeine use. Taken before a cardio session it will help with fatty acid oxidation, utilization of carbohydrates, mental focus and help you perform at a higher intensity level.
Likewise, these are all desirable for anaerobic performance as well, so caffeine does have its place before hitting the iron. However, certain sport-specific skills require use of precise motor coordination and technique, so for athletes caffeine may hamper performance during a competition; I'd take caution when supplementing caffeine prior to sporting events if you find you're too jittery or anxious.
So if these are just some of the more positive and pronounced effects of caffeine on athletic performance, you might be asking, “So is caffeine a wonder drug or what?” In short, side-effects from caffeine are numerous and typically dose-dependent (i.e. more caffeine=more pronounced side effects). Such side-effects may include:
Dehydration and cramping
Headache
Nausea/Dizziness
Gastrointestinal distress
Frequent urination
Heart palpitations
Increased blood pressure
Mental Issues: Irritability, Anxiety, Nervousness, Depression, etc
Decreased fine motor skills
Increased plasma cortisol levels (though this effect is reduced in healthy individuals
After reading these possible side-effects you may be thinking of starting an anti-caffeine campaign. Before you cast this drug off as doing more harm than good, please consider this old adage: the difference between medicine and poison is in the dose. Like most things in life, moderation is the key and caffeine is no different. The good news is that most of the side-effects are avoidable if one implements caffeine properly.
Implementing Caffeine Into Your Regimen
Caffeine is slightly more complicated than other supplements/drugs in regards to optimizing benefits while reducing side effects. Most studies have found that there is not a significant dose-response relation with caffeine and performance; taking more beyond a certain point does not provide extra benefits for performance and may actually lead to more side effects. The key to caffeine is finding that “certain point” of optimal dosage and intermittently cycling on and off the drug to re-sensitize your CNS receptors and give your adrenal glands some repose.
Dose Amount and Timing
The general dose recommendations for performance enhancement with caffeine are 1-3mg per kg of bodyweight (remember: 1lb=2.2kg). If you're a 180lb (~81kg) athlete, your dose range will land around 80 to 240mg. This is where one will need to assess their individual goals along with their tolerance to caffeine through trial and error. Caffeine is a relatively quick-acting drug with a short half-life of 4-6 hours (assuming your liver is working properly), so it is generally recommended to ingest your dose about 30-60 minutes before your workout or competition.
If you are taking the caffeine on an empty stomach you could get away with as few as 10-15 minutes as food will slightly decrease absorption rate. If you're one who likes to eat a decent pre-workout meal, I would aim to take your caffeine in at about one to two hours after your pre-workout meal; main reason being that this should help minimize any acute GI distress between the caffeine and your pre-workout meal.
If you train promptly in the morning before eating a meal, you can also mix caffeine in with some whey/casein protein and/or branched-chain amino acids and ingest that on your way to the gym (if you need the carbohydrates you can toss some Gatorade or other simple carbohydrates in there as well). Again, the timing and dose amounts will need fine tuning once you learn how you respond to caffeine.
Best Source of Caffeine
Since caffeine is a “discreet” chemical, it won't make much difference whether your caffeine is coming from natural (i.e. coffee, tea, chocolate, etc) or synthetic sources (pill/powder form, energy drinks, supplements, soda, etc). I personally like taking my caffeine in from pre-workout supplements as the one's I prefer list the caffeine content on the label, commonly in the form of “caffeine anhydrous”.
For dosage tracking purposes, I tend to prefer supplemental caffeine versus natural sources since the caffeine content can vary from coffee bean to coffee bean and tea leaf to tea leaf. If you're one of those hippie-all-natural-organic freaks (don't get offended, dude man!), then by all means enjoy your coffee.
Dealing with Desensitization
Caffeine's most dreaded attribute is that it becomes addictive and the nominal dose to achieve performance benefits gradually increases as one develops tolerance to the drug. This is why most coffee drinkers can slam a triple-shot espresso and not feel a thing, or they get a short-lived burst of energy and crash 20 minutes later.
If you've reached such a point, I strongly encourage you to back off the caffeine either gradually or cold turkey (if you can handle the withdrawal for a few days). The time it takes for one to become “stimmed out” is still up for debate as the variables that come into play are too numerous, so a general recommendation is that for every 8-12 weeks of using caffeine, one should take 1 to 2 weeks off of it (and most any OTC stimulants).
This will be another case of trial and error though, if you find you handle caffeine well and are still obtaining positive effects 4-5 months in a row, then listen to your body and keep dosing caffeine. Contrarily, if you are 3 weeks in with supplementing caffeine and you feel horrible (with or without your daily dose), then it's time to reconsider your approach and back off for a bit.
The time it takes to re-sensitize yourself to caffeine is going to be influenced by how often you were taking caffeine and how much. If you are only taking it maybe 2-3 times a week with a moderate dose, you could likely keep it in your regimen indefinitely or until you feel a little too draggy without it (i.e. you depend on caffeine to function). If you're the type that enjoys pushing the limits then you might find yourself becoming tolerant to the effects in just a few short weeks. Overall, you will likely know when it's time to give the caffeine a break because you will be facing many of the side-effects mentioned earlier; headaches, irritability, lethargy, decreased motivation, etc.
At this point, it's time to give your CNS and adrenal glands some rest (also consider backing off the training intensity so it coincides with your caffeine cycles).
Is Caffeine For You?
Caffeine, like any supplement or drug, needs to be assessed by the user through research and anecdotal experience to see whether the benefits will help them achieve their goals or not. If you are naturally an energetic individual who doesn't feel the need for more stimulation through exogenous sources, then I'm of the opinion that you shouldn't take caffeine just for the sake of it. While I do think most athletic and physique endeavors can be enhanced by caffeine supplementation, the user is ultimately the one who needs to decide if they like the way it affects them.
Some people may not tolerate caffeine well, so if that's detrimental to performance then it would be asinine to recommend they use it. Also, for younger kids and those who have any withstanding medical conditions, please make sure to consult with your physician prior to beginning use of such drugs. Yes, caffeine can be lethal in sufficiently high doses (>5g), so treat it like any other drug and don't abuse it.
Caffeine: Bringing it All Together
I'd be doing you a disservice to say that this is the definitive article for anything and everything caffeine, but I hope that this abridged version of how caffeine affects us and our performance in and out of the gym has shed some new light on your understanding of this ever-so-common drug. It was a tough task as my aim with this series is to bring you to where brains meet brawn because damn't, I love science and I love lifting weights. There are monumental amounts of data on caffeine to sift through and in the world of supplements that's a good thing, because you know it must work (otherwise it wouldn't be so heavily studied).
In the next installment of the Performance Pharmacy Series we will look at synergistic effects of caffeine and other ingredients, such as those in MTS Nutrition Drop Factor like Synephrine, Forskolin, Yohimbine, etc. and the science behind how they can take your fat burning to a new level!
Whether you're just a weekend warrior looking for a little pep after a hard week at the office, or a competitive bodybuilder ready to tear into some ass-to-grass squats, caffeine may just have a place in your supplement stash; just use it wisely.
WASHINGTON — Senator Scott Brown said yesterday that he supports repealing the military's “don't ask, don't tell'' policy, even as top Army and Marine generals broke with their Pentagon superiors and warned that letting gays serve openly during wartime would be disruptive and could divide the troops.
Brown's long-awaited decision was welcomed by those who hope Congress will soon change the controversial 17-year-old policy but was scorned by some “don't ask'' backers.
Passage of a repeal hinges on a handful of undecided senators. Democrats have a limited amount of time to bring up the issue in the lame-duck session, and Republican opponents may try to run out the clock.
The next few weeks represent advocates' best shot for a reversal. If Congress doesn't take action, the measure would be much harder to pass next year, when Republicans take control of the House and Democrats have fewer votes in the Sen ate.
Brown, after listening to two days of hearings before the Senate Armed Services Committee, said he felt comfortable that top military brass would carry out a new policy in a way that did not hinder wartime efforts.
“I have visited our injured troops at Walter Reed and have attended funerals of our fallen heroes,'' he said in a statement. “When a soldier answers the call to serve, and risks life or limb, it has never mattered to me whether they are gay or straight. My only concern has been whether their service and sacrifice is with pride and honor.''
He also said he felt comfortable that Secretary of Defense Robert Gates would adopt a repeal only “when the battle effectiveness of the forces is assured and proper preparations have been completed.''
Gates, along with Admiral Mike Mullen, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, pressed Congress on Thursday to repeal the ban, saying the military was ready and wartime would be no hindrance. But yesterday, several generals testified otherwise, warning the committee that now was not the time.
“I would not recommend going forward at this time, given everything that the Army has on its plate,'' General George Casey, the Army chief of staff, told the Senate committee.
Brown and Senator Susan Collins of Maine are the only Republicans who have come out in support of repealing the policy. Several other Republicans — including Mark Kirk of Illinois and Olympia Snowe of Maine — have not said whether they would vote for a repeal. A few Democrats, including Senator Jim Webb of Virginia and Senator-elect Joe Manchin of West Virginia, also have not said whether they would support repeal.
On Friday, unions scored a temporary victory to maintain their ability to collect union dues from Wisconsin public employees when Judge Maryann Sumi (the same judge who refused to order striking teachers back to work in February) issued a Temporary Restraining Order preventing the implementation of Wisconsin's new law governing public-sector unions.
Via the Wall Street Journal:
Judge Maryann Sumi said a lawsuit filed by the Dane County district attorney had enough merit for her to issue a temporary restraining order to prevent Secretary of State Doug La Follette from publishing the bill while she reviews the case.
This is a problem. Judge Maryann Sumi should have recused herself entirely from the Wisconsin battle due to her inability to be neutral in this case. You see, Maryann Sumi has a clear conflict of interest. Her son is a political operative who also happens to be a former lead field manager with the AFL-CIO and data manager for the SEIU State Council. Both the SEIU and the AFL-CIO have members who are public-sector employees in Wisconsin. In fact, as a federation, the AFL-CIO can boast of several member-unions that represent public-sector employees. Maryann Sumi is hardly an unbiased judge in the matter.
Jacob “Jake” Sinderbrand, Sumi's son [see page nine here], runs a company called Left Field Strategies, a firm that works on political campaigns.
We are a firm dedicated to maximizing efficient and effective voter contact in a modern campaign atmosphere. Specializing in doorknocking and phone bank strategies, we use state-of-the-art campaign resources to ensure that no doorknock or phone call is wasted as you campaign for office. We bring extensive experience as professional canvassers and callers, who have knocked on tens of thousands of doors, and have cut hundreds of thousands of doors and phone numbers for various issue and electoral campaigns.
As a “lifelong political actvist,” it appears Sumi's apple didn't fall far from the tree. According to Sinderland's bio on his website:
A lifelong political activist, Jake Sinderbrand got his start as a volunteer doorknocker, and has years of experience training both volunteers and canvassing staff. Jake graduated from Macalester College cum laude with a degree in political science, specializing in American political structures. He has developed his professional political experience serving as a lead field manager with the AFL-CIO and as data manager for the SEIU State Council through the 2008 election cycle. Jake's expertise in canvass planning and turf strategy helped these organizations to have among the most successful field operations in Minnesota.
While FreedomEden has screenshots of Sinderbrand's facebook page, one ironic twist to this whole sordid affair is that Maryann Sumi apparently gave a speech in 2007 entitled “Judicial Decision Making: Activism or Accountability?”
Clearly, both Sumi and her son are activists, which is why Sumi should be removed from the entire Wisconsin matter.
Photo credit: Nicholas Nikolic
_________________
“I bring reason to your ears, and, in language as plain as ABC, hold up truth to your eyes.” Thomas Paine, December 23, 1776
X-posted.
SNY does not own the rights to Mets baseball in the playoffs, so the popular team of Gary Cohen, Keith Hernandez and Ron Darling will not be together to call the games.
Most years in recent memory, Darling has been hired by TBS to provide analysis, as he has widely known as one of the best in the game, but what happens to Gary and Keith? Hernandez will probably be more than happy to sit back on his recliner in the Hamptons and watch, but Cohen has been loyal to this team since he was hired in the late 1980s.
In 2006, Cohen was on WFAN to call the Endy Chavez catch as he made a guest appearance, and it seems like those who have created a petition, would like to see Cohen for the entirety of the Mets' potential playoff run.
Here's an excerpt from the petition, which in its infancy, has gathered 35 signatures as of 1 p.m.
If we get enough fans, signatures or just a loud enough voice, perhaps WWOR, SNY, the Wilpons and Josh Lewin himself will see to it that Gary Cohen gets to sit alongside Howie Rose for this 2015 playoff push and call the most important Mets games of the year. Who else would you rather hear describe a Cespedes HR or Familia save in game 7 of the World Series than Gary Cohen!?!
As much as I admire the creator Tim Intravia's loyalty, Cohen will probably be limited to an occasional appearance on the station, if WOR 710 allows it. If the Mets replaced Lewin, it would seem unjust, because why does he have to sit through 162 games just to be booted during the best time of year? Maybe a three-man team could work?
Long story short, I expect this to gathered signatures, but it's most likely going to fall on deaf ears. We'll see. For more on the petition, check it out by clicking here.
Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) said Tuesday that she was sexually harassed "more than once" when she interned on Capitol Hill more than 40 years ago.
"I will tell you I interned here in college, and I was definitely sexually harassed as an intern in Congress back in the summer of 1974," McCaskill told reporters on Tuesday, according to the Washington Examiner.
McCaskill said she didn't report the harassment and wouldn't elaborate on if a staffer or lawmaker had harassed her, but said it "happened more than once from more than one person."
"It was something that I felt like I have to choose between my career and coming forward," she said.
McCaskill said that her colleagues in the Senate have been supportive, "but that doesn't mean young people aren't being victimized."
"I think what we're doing now is we are turning a page in this country and hopefully empowering young people to realize just because the person who has treated you inappropriately has more power than you do, it will be OK if you come forward."
In a separate interview with NBC News, the former prosecutor said she learned to avoid situations where she might be cornered by a harasser.
"When I was an intern, I learned to avoid elevators, because elevators were when you were captured. And so, after one unfortunate incident in the elevator, I began taking the stairs," McCaskill said.
Several female lawmakers have also come forward to reveal that they were sexually harassed by members of Congress.
McCaskill's comments come as lawmakers push for mandatory sexual harassment training in Congress amid accusations of sexual misconduct against politicians and Hollywood stars.
The House Administration Committee held a Tuesday hearing on the subject, with one lawmaker saying at least two of her current colleagues have engaged in sexual harassment.
The world watched in horror as coordinate attacks in Paris Friday night killed more than 130 people and left over 352 injured.
Also Read: NO, We Can't Blame Edward Snowden and Encryption for Terror Attacks. Over 20 attackers have so far been part of the terrorist cell that planned the deadly Paris attacks, with seven suicide bombers dead, seven attackers under arrest and a total of six people on the run.
The attacks were carried out by Islamic State (ISIS), who later claimed responsibility for targeting innocent people at 'soft' locations that lack police or military protection, including Bataclan concert venue where at least 89 people lost their lives.
IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) saying, "We will launch the biggest operation ever against you." Following the bloody terror attacks, the hacktivist collective Anonymous declared war on the Islamic State ) saying, "
But the Question here is:
From Where did the terrorist cell that planned the brutal terrorist attacks in Paris get Fundings?
Ghost Security Group (GSG), said that ISIS regularly uses cryptocurrencies to fund its terrorist operations. The Anti-terrorism group of ethical hackers,, said that ISIS regularly uses cryptocurrencies to fund its terrorist operations.
Also Read: ‪Anonymous‬ Just Leaked list of 1000 ‎ISIS‬ Twitter Accounts. The anonymous member of GSG has uncovered several Bitcoin addresses that they said, might be used by ISIS. One of the accounts they analyzed was found to contain $3 Million in US dollars worth of Bitcoins.
The Islamic State does use cryptocurrencies as a form of income to fund their ongoing operations, and we have managed to uncover several Bitcoin addresses used by them," a member of Ghost Security Group " a member of Ghost Security Group said in an interview with NewsBTC.
"We had discovered a BtC address linked to a known Islamic State deep website approximately three months ago and provided it to dw.com. They hired a team of blockchain analysts to trace the cryptocurrency to the estimated 3 million in BtC the discovered."
Although there are no actual proofs that cryptocurrencies were used to support the terrorist attacks in Paris, GSG claimed…
Also Read: ISIS Calls Anonymous "IDIOTS" in response to their "Total war" Cyber Threat …it had uncovered several Bitcoin funding sites utilized by the ISIS on the dark web and successfully shut them down to limit the funding extremists receive through the use of cryptocurrencies.
Putin: ISIS Financed by 40 Countries, Including G20 Member States
At the recent G20 summit, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that ISIS is financed by individual businessmen from 40 countries, including some G20 members.
I think that cooperation in fighting terrorism is very important," Putin told reporters.
Also Read: Anonymous declares War on ISIS: 'We will Hunt you Down!' However, Putin hopes that the work with the G20 members in the fight against terrorism will continue. "," Putin told reporters.
There r more than 56,000 #ISIS-affiliated Twitter accounts & 110+ #Telegram Channels with thousands of Supporters. pic.twitter.com/HqFglmPFR1 — The Hacker News (@TheHackersNews) November 18, 2015
Putin also calls out Obama for arming and training Fighters for ISIS, saying U.S.-trained rebels were leaving to join ISIS with weapons supplied by Washington.
“In my opinion, provision of military support to illegal structures runs counter to the principles of modern international law and the United Nations Charter,” Putin told reporters.
Samsung was supposed to launch the Galaxy Note 2 with a great little feature called multi-window, but the feature wasn't quite ready for consumption the moment the device went on sale. It's only been a short couple of days, though, and they've delivered an upgrade to bring us the functionality in timely fashion.
Multi-window allows you to use two different apps at the same time. Think of it as rudimentary desktop multi-tasking, except on this awesome, gigantic phone. The screen is certainly big enough for such a feature, and it actually does work pretty well. We still aren't sure whether or not this feature can be used with apps from the Play Store but we're working to find out.
In the meantime, you can see how multi-window works in the video above. Fast forward to 2:04 and tell me with a straight face that isn't one killer feature that you'd love to have. If you have an unlocked Galaxy Note 2 you should be seeing a notification letting you know an update is available any moment now. [via SamMobile]
[Update]: once again, a video we embed from YouTube has been removed; talk about bad luck. We're hot on the trail for another one.
The skyrocketing rates of the properties are really disappointing people who are looking for the right kind of property for themselves. If you fall under the same category of people looking for the right kind of home for yourself then the idea of mobile home will impress you all.
A Slovakian firm, named Nice Architects has come up with a nice egg-shaped Ecocapsule that is mobile, self sustainable (sustains itself with solar and wind energy), and visually appealing. People living in Ecocapsule will not require any sort of external support.
Dimensions :
Ecocapsule is 4.5 meters in length, 2.4 meters in width, and 2.5 meters in height, which shows that it is ideally fit for two persons.
Smart Features of Ecocapsule
1. It can be easily moved from one place to another in a trailer and easily fits inside a standard transportation container.
2. Comes endowed with 9,744 watt-hour battery that is powered by one 750 watt silent wind turbine and a 600 watt solar output for self sustainability.
3. It has a dual power system to provide electricity even if there is not enough sunlight or wind.
4. It has a rainwater collection system.
5. It comes with a filtration system to clean the water for further use.
6. Includes double bed, storage space, kitchenette, bathroom with a shower, flushable toilet, and work space.
7. The walls of Ecocapsule are insulated to ensure maximum energy savings besides maintaining comfort.
If you all know, Ecocapsule prototype was unveiled at the Pioneers Festival, Vienna this may and now the good news is that it will be available for sale on pre-order by the end of this year, and shipping will start from early next year.
How about living off the grid? If you are a nature lover, ranger, or wanderer, one who doesn't bother much about having to stick at one place, and are looking for decent accommodation in areas where the rents are too high, Ecocapsule is one smart choice.
Houston Texans defensive end J.J. Watt says the only thing missing from his career is a Super Bowl victory, and he's not worried about what he might have to do to his body to get one.
"A championship is the one thing I don't have," Watt told Stephen Rodrick of Men's Journal. "I have three Defensive Players of the Year. Only one other player has done that. But being a defensive lineman, it's hard to control the game."
Although numerous players are opting to retire at the peak of their careers, Watt hasn't considered that idea.
(Courtesy: Men's Journal)
"I live with the fact that while I am playing, I am going to give everything I have, and I will live with those consequences," Watt said. "Maybe when I'm 50 I won't be able to walk, and I will say, 'You were young and stupid.' But right now this is my mentality."
Teammate Shane Lechler told Rodrick that Watt visited him during the postseason and could hardly get out of his car, leaving Lechter worried he might not be able to play again.
The reigning Defensive Player of the Year has anchored the defense since his second season, and head coach Bill O'Brien hinted that he overuses Watt.
"One of the things I need to do a better job of with J.J. this year is giving him a break," O'Brien said.
The Texans' season kicks off against the Chicago Bears on Sept. 11.
Share. Samus turns 22 today. Here's her life story. Samus turns 22 today. Here's her life story.
After nine games, thirteen million sales and endless waves of enemies sent to monster heaven, this much we know about Samus Aran: she's used to being alone.
Maybe that's why nobody's heard Samus speak a single word in over two decades of free-form pirate extermination. Her text dialogue rarely gives much away, either. Even her gender was kept secret throughout the first game, backed by an instruction booklet that told his backstory. Years later, we'd learn she's an orphan twice over, parents killed by a vicious pirate dragon named Ridley, and then raised by the Chozo, a now-extinct alien race. It was the Chozo who equipped Samus with physics-defying combat armor, making her the Galactic Federation's go-to girl for suicide missions in the dark, lonely corners of the universe. Samus was more than willing to oblige. It gave her prime opportunities to exact missile-heavy vengeance on the pirates who murdered her family.
And that's how we met her. Samus Aran appeared on the surface of planet Zebes, an agile tank on two legs with a cannon on her arm and a contract to fulfill. Kill the pirate leader Mother Brain and destroy all research into a parasitic creature created by the Chozo, Samus's own benefactors, as the ultimate bio-weapon.
They were called Metroids, and they were about to become her life's work.
Originally published August 23, 2007.
Building a Mystery August, 1986. After a shaky start full of hardware malfunctions and product recalls, Nintendo's Famicom owned the home console market. They had a three-year head start on SEGA's Master System. A 33-year old phenom named Shigeru Miyamoto successfully put the industry crash of '83 firmly in the rearview mirror with back-to-back hits, Super Mario Bros. and The Legend of Zelda. Atari was MIA.
Even better, the Famicom Disk System peripheral was doing great guns in Japan. Essentially an external disk drive, it plugged into the Famicom's cartridge slot and ran games off proprietary 3" floppy disks. They were cheaper to produce and sold for 3/5ths the price of SEGA's cartridge games... less, if bought from a vending machine. They also provided a whopping 128K storage capacity, as opposed to the 4K limit of Atari 2600 cartridges. Zelda, the first Famicom Disk game, presented a gigantic world full of secret rooms and dungeons to explore. After that, simple Baseball and Golf games alone just weren't going to cut it. Management tasked Miyamoto with building a disk-run sequel to Super Mario Bros. The job of creating new hit Famicom Disk games fell to the legendary R&D1 team, lead by Miyamoto's old mentor: Gunpei Yokoi.
The one-time janitor was a certified hit-maker from Nintendo's toy days that triumphed again with Game & Watch, an early mobile game series. Yokoi produced Miaymoto's first arcade successes, Donkey Kong and Mario Bros., but as Miyamoto edged into rock star territory, Yokoi-san's prestige faded. This new assignment would prove R&D1 still had moves.
He put three men on the job. Makoto Kanoh created the characters and scenario. Hiroji Kiyotake designed Samus, the titular fanged jellyfish, bosses Ridley and Kraid, Mother Brain, et all. Yoshio Sakamoto directed. The game would be a shooter that combined the platforming of Super Mario Bros. with Zelda's non-linear exploration, plus a unique element all its own: atmosphere. Yokoi was a big believer in applied technology. He wasn't interested in reinventing wheels... he just made better wheels.
Meaner wheels, too. Where Mario and Zelda were sunny, happy games, Samus Aran's journey took its emotional cues from Ridley Scott's 1979 horror opus, "Alien." By coincidence, James Cameron's "Aliens" arrived that very summer, with Sigourney Weaver in the bug hunting lead. It struck a chord.
"We were partway through the development process," recalls Sakamoto, "when one of the staff members said Hey, wouldn't that be kind of cool if it turned out that this person inside the suit was a woman?"
The vote carried, and on August 6, Metroid was released for the Famicom Disk System.
Players take the role of bounty hunter Samus Aran, tracking space pirates -- not the yo-ho-ho scallywag kind -- though a dark labyrinth infested with creepy hostiles. The sense of isolation is palpable. Nobody is coming to help you. Surviving "Zebeth" means exploring for better weapons and power-ups, many vitals for reaching new areas. But the gold star goes to one ability in particular: Samus can collapse into a sphere and roll through tight passages at will, an unbearably cool signature move. The morph ball required far less animating than a cyborg crawling on all fours, and Yokoi's team took full advantage of their very clever shortcut.
The game is long, too. Reaching end-boss Mother Brain can take hours of dedicated play. Luckily, Famicom disks were rewritable, allowing for three save slots that made the whole affair possible.
Metroid took risks, and threw a wicked curveball. Mother Brain isn't much tougher to kill than the next one-eyed brain in a glass jar, but instead of the standard congratulations screen, defeating her lights the fuse on a self-destruct sequence. Three minutes to escape the hole you've spent hours burrowing into is enough to freak the steadiest gamer. But the real bombshell comes after your clean getaway; Metroid presented one of five possible endings -- unheard of -- based on your finish time.
Endings three, four and five put Metroid on a whole new level. Samus pops her armor, lets her long hair down, and strips down to her purple skivvies. All that mayhem. All that badassery. All along, you'd been playing as a girl.
Backed by Hirokazu "Hip" Tanaka's often eerie score, Metroid stood apart as its own animal, a uniquely superior gaming experience. Gunpei Yokoi and his R&D1 team had set out to launch a franchise equal to Miyamoto's, something they could call their own. Anyone would've said they'd pulled it off. Big time.
A sequel wouldn't arrive for another five years.
Mobile Aran As a series, Metroid gets a lot right, but not the timing.
Two months before Metroid's release, the first 128K cartridge game reached stores, effectively nailing the coffin shut on the Famicom Disk System. Samus was ported to cartridge a full year later, becoming a million-unit seller on the Famicom's North American cousin, the Nintendo Entertainment System. But the damage was done. Metroid never had the hope of reaching Mario or Zelda-like sales figures, or even coming close. Olympus was out of reach.
This would become a recurring theme. Samus Aran was the youngest of three, and the most likely to get left behind. R&D1 moved forward on other projects.
Chief among them, Gunpei Yokoi's new creation: the Game Boy. Nintendo's monochromatic handheld gaming system dominated the market, even outselling the NES. Two years into its lifecycle, Yokoi was in a stellar position to create a Metroid sequel... R&D1's own game on R&D1's own platform. Kanoh and Kiyotake returned (the latter now co-directing with Hiroyuki Kimura) and Metroid II: The Return of Samus went to America in 1991.
If Metroid owed a lot to "Alien," Metroid II was a definite nod to "Aliens." The oft-stung Galactic Federation was done taking chances, hiring Samus to commit genocide on the Metroids at their origin point, planet SR-388. Advancing is based solely on racking up Metroid pelts, a more linear approach that put some fans off. Samus, however, doesn't disappoint. She comes to the party in a brand-new gunship, loaded with new toys to augment her old arsenal of missiles, bombs, ice and wave beams. Three-beamed spazers and wall-penetrating plasma beams make their first appearance, and the morph ball ups the coolness with new wall-crawling abilities.
The Game Boy forced changes. Most noticeably, demonstrating Samus's armor upgrades with a color switch wouldn't play on a monochrome screen. Instead, the Varia suit now came with huge 90's rounded shoulder pads that would remain a staple part of her look. Save Modules were also introduced, replacing the NES Metroid's password saves. Gamers said goodbye to favored cheat codes like "Narpas Sword" and "Justin Bailey," which armed Samus to the teeth while stripping her down to a bathing suit... though never, contrary to fanboy dreams and many a rumor, to her birthday suit.
Anyway, SR-388 requires heavy armor to beat an entire Metroid evolutionary ladder, leading up to a reptilian Metroid Queen. Dispatching her, Samus only has one target left... a small hatchling Metroid. In a wild twist, the creature imprints on Samus and, despite resolving to erase the species, Samus spares it. There is some humanity in there after all.
Hailed at the time, Metroid II suffers in retrospect from the limits of its platform and its too-linear concept. Nevertheless, R&D1 put a successful sequel on the shelves, added now-mandatory elements to the series, and gave needed depth to both Samus and her universe.
They also got what they really wanted... an extended trial run for the big show.
The Great Lakes could become a spawning ground for invasive species under a bill recently passed by the House. It would eliminate federal oversight of ballast water that some ships carry around the world.
WBFO's Chris Caya reports on changes that could open the Great Lakes to invasive species.
The House of Representatives recently passed a bill that could harm the Great Lakes. A provision stuck in to the National Defense Authorization Act eliminates federal and state control over ballast water used in ships.
The change could open the door to invasive species. Rep. Brian Higgins says he's concerned that members of Congress from outside the Great Lakes region are trying to kill the Environmental Protection Agency.
"It's vitally important, as we see here with a cleaned up Buffalo River, we've removed 67,000 truck loads of toxic mud in the last ten years. $75 million in the last ten years alone. We see new development along the Buffalo River where five years ago nobody would anticipate any of this would happen. But all of this is under threat in Congress by members who don't appreciate the great economic and life quality value of the Great Lakes."
Higgins, a South Buffalo Democrat, voted against the legislation. He says he suspects the provision will be removed when the House and Senate reconcile the bill.
Arsenal boss hinted 'exhausted' Alexis Sanchez may also be rested
Arsenal may have secured a famous Champions League over Bayern Munich but they could already be counting the cost as Aaron Ramsey has been ruled out of Saturday's clash with Everton.
The Gunners midfielder started in the 2-0 victory on Tuesday but was hauled off just 12 minutes after half-time having gone down with a hamstring problem while trying to close down play.
In a double blow for the north London side, manager Arsene Wenger also hinted he could rest an 'exhausted' Alexis Sanchez for the Saturday evening Premier League kick-off.
Aaron Ramsey signals to come off after picking up a hamstring injury against Bayern Munich
Ramsey sits stricken on the turf as team-mate Theo Walcott comes to his side during the second half
Arsenal's medical team attend to Ramsey who lays stricken on the turf knowing his game has come to an end
Ramsey trudges off the pitch after picking up an injury and is now set to miss the Everton game
'He [Aaron Ramsey] is alright but very down because he told me that his hamstring is quite a tough one. He's out.' Wenger said on Tuesday.
'Alexis? You could see he was jaded physically. He still pushes himself to much and finished exhausted. Two games with Chile, plus travelling plus Watford and tonight. It's too much.'
While the full extent of Ramsey's injury is not fully known at this stage, a hamstring problem is likely to make the Wales international a serious doubt for the Capital One Cup tie at Sheffield Wednesday, another Premier League clash at Swansea as well as the Champions League match at Bayern Munich.
Alexis Sanchez played 82 minutes at the Emirates Stadium before being replaced by Kieran Gibbs and has been a constant feature for the Gunners since missing the opening day of the season.
Goals from Olivier Giroud and Mesut Ozil helped Arsenal claim a famous Champions League win over Bayern Munich which has greatly boosted the Gunners' chances of progressing from the group stage having lost their opening two games.
Aaron Ramsey admitted on Twitter he had bittersweet feelings following the Champions League clash
Alexis Sanchez played 82 minutes in the Gunners' win over Bayern Munich at the Emirates Stadium
Arsene Wenger has claimed Sanchez is exhausted, hinting he could rest him for the Everton clash
President Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement is a moral outrage and an insult to future generations.
For the scientific community, it also stokes another fear: that America now appears to be an anti-evidence, backward-thinking place, undeserving of top scientific talent.
That reaction was best captured by Richard Horton, editor of the Lancet medical journal. In a series of tweets during Trump's Paris announcement Thursday, Horton urged fellow researchers, clinicians, and scientists to hold the president to account for a “historic error” and a “turn to the medieval”:
For all of us who admire the idea of American democracy, we must mourn the death of reason imposed by President Trump. An historic error. — richard horton (@richardhorton1) June 1, 2017
If we didn't know it before, we know it now. President Trump leads a rogue anti-science US government that must be defeated. — richard horton (@richardhorton1) June 1, 2017
That the planet is warming is a well-established scientific fact — a fact that Trump has chosen to alternately ignore, deny, or call “a Chinese hoax.”
The decision to back out of the historic agreement moves against “200 years of scientific inquiry,” Bill McKibben, the environmentalist and author, wrote at the New York Times. “It's a stupid and reckless decision — our nation's dumbest act since launching the war in Iraq. But it's not stupid and reckless in the normal way. Instead, it amounts to a thorough repudiation of two of the civilizing forces on our planet: diplomacy and science.”
Trump also made his decision about Paris with virtually no science advisers on staff. But long before today, he has been chipping away at environmental protections and the funding for the Environmental Protection Agency. His proposed immigration policies have made the US less desirable for recruiting global talent into America's research labs and hospitals, and his proposed budgets have aimed at gutting the US research enterprise. (Though whether Congress will let him is another question.)
Horton urges the health and science communities to “unite in resistance” and argues that the Trump age spells the end of “America as a beacon of science-led government”:
The idea of America as a beacon of science-led government is temporarily over. The health and science communities must unite in resistance. — richard horton (@richardhorton1) June 1, 2017
No scientist, no health professional can be either neutral or silent about President Trump's turn to the medieval. This is a bad, sad day. — richard horton (@richardhorton1) June 1, 2017
Scientists, for their part, have already been marching by the thousands in streets across the globe. But it's going to take a lot more pressure and resolve — on cities, states, and the most powerful companies in the world — to scale back emissions on their own, without the leadership of the US.
(CBS) – A national call to support black banks is taking Chicago by storm.
CBS 2's Dorothy Tucker takes a look at an economic movement to empower the black community.
For the first time in her life, entrepreneur Latatia Shroud has an account at a black-owned bank. She moved $10,000 to Seaway National.
She was inspired by a #moveyourmoney campaign on Twitter, Facebook posts and private texts asking people to move money to black-owned banks to spur economic empowerment.
“I felt it was way past time me, being a black business owner, to subsidize my community. I owe them that,” she says.
She is among the more than 100 new customers in just the last few weeks.
Bank manager Daryl Newell says new money has helped Seaway boost the bottom line by $1.6 million.
“On average during the week we do about $200,000 per week. So far this week we've done $305,000 and it's not even Friday,” he said.
On Friday, they could have more because Rev. Leslie Sanders is calling on all pastors.
“We're asking each church to deposit at least $1,000,” he said.
Black radio is also driving the deposits to black banks.
“Those deposits go into the bank, that deposit comes out in the form of a small business loan, mortgages, investment into the community. Jobs come out of that,” says Matt McGill, a WVON talk show host.
Supporters of the campaign point out they're not asking people to close accounts at other banks, just move some money to black owned banks.
There's a reason President Obama has spent part of his time during "fiscal cliff" negotiations appealing to voters: They are Democrats' ace on the hole.
In fact, poll after poll shows Democrats have the American public on their side when it comes to the major issues at hand in the fiscal cliff talks.
And more and more, it's looking like Republicans have very little leverage -- at least, when it comes to public sentiment.
House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio). (AP)
Here are three reasons why:
1. The central issue of the fiscal cliff talks favors Democrats overwhelmingly
So far, the dominant issue has been whether Republicans will vote to raise tax rates on the wealthiest Americans. And depending upon which poll you look at, as much as two-thirds of the American public supports this as a way to deal with the country's budget issues.
Democrats have had better messaging on this than in previous clashes. In the past, they might have just come away looking like tax-raisers. Today, they emphasize that both they and Republicans agree on renewing the tax cuts for the 98 percent, and Republicans are preventing a deal because they want to renew the cuts for the top 2 percent. That's a winning argument, according to the polls.
It's also why a few Republicans, including Rep. Tom Cole (R-Okla.), have edged away from the party's firm anti-tax hike position. "Some people think that's our leverage in the debate; it's the Democrats' leverage in the debate," Cole said. More and more, Cole is looking like he's got his finger on the pulse.
2. Even the secondary issues don't favor the GOP
Aside from balking at raising taxes on the wealthy, Republicans want entitlement reforms and revenue increases from limiting deductions. But both of those ideas are unpopular too.
According to a new Quinnipiac poll, 70 percent of Americans oppose cuts to Medicaid and 51 percent oppose raising the Medicare eligibility age. And a recent Washington Post-ABC News poll actually showed that second figure significantly higher, at 67 percent.
When it comes to limiting deductions, the WaPo-ABC poll showed opposition was stronger than support, 49 percent to 44 percent. As for specific deductions, Quinnipiac shows 67 percent oppose getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction (though just 28 percent are opposed if you limit it to the first $500,000 of the mortgage).
To be clear: These are not all the entitlement reforms and deductions being talked about, but they are among the most talked-about.
Republicans will note that the Q poll says people generally prefer limiting deductions as an alternative to raising tax rates (45 percent to 39 percent). But when you start talking about specific deductions that normal people enjoy, like the mortgage interest deduction, and compare that to raising taxes on the wealthy, the alternative doesn't look so great.
If and when the discussion begins to turn to specific deductions, it will become clear that it's much easier to talk about it as a broad goal than actually pick the deductions to eliminate.
3. Americans trust President Obama and the Democrats more
This Q poll says it all. Obama's approval rating is up to 53 percent, while Democrats in Congress have a 37 percent approval rating. The latter number might not seem good, but it is compared to the GOP's anemic 23 percent approval rating. Republicans in Congress don't even get the approval of a majority of their own party, with 47 percent of Republicans approving of the congressional GOP and 43 percent disapproving.
A few other numbers: While 56 percent think Obama and the Democrats will make a good faith effort on the fiscal cliff, just 43 percent think Republicans will, and matched up against one another, people trust Obama and the Democrats over the Republicans by a 53 percent to 36 percent margin. And the WaPo-ABC poll showed twice as many people would blame the GOP as blame Democrats if the fiscal cliff is breached.
The one major area where Republicans have a consistent edge in polling when it comes to the fiscal cliff talks is their reputation for cutting spending, which Americans really like and which Republicans would be wise to emphasize more as the debate lingers on. (There has also been some suggestion that the Alternative Minimum Tax could help the GOP.)
To this point, though, that point has gotten lost as the debate has focused much more on the issues where the GOP has very little leverage.
It's all a recipe for Democrats to get much more of what they want out of the fiscal cliff deal.
Michael Eugene Sticken. (Photo: News Journal)
A Florida man is in jail after deputies discovered his mother's remains on his living room couch, according to a sheriff's office arrest report.
On May 13, a deputy was dispatched to a residence to check on the welfare of 81-year-old Joyce Willis. Willis' son, Michael Eugene Sticken, 60, had reportedly been rebuffing family members' attempts to call or visit his mother since January.
When the deputy arrived at the residence, he immediately noticed a foul odor. Upon entering the house, he found two couches pushed together with blankets piled on top. Under the blankets, the deputy found a female who was so badly decomposed as to be unrecognizable.
The medical examiner's office estimated that Willis had been dead for between one and four months at the time of her discovery. The office is working to determine her cause of death.
In an interview with deputies, Sticken said he had not been responsible for his mother's death, calling her "his best friend," the arrest report said.
By reviewing bank records, investigators found that Sticken had been making withdrawals from a joint bank account he shared with his mother. The only deposits made since January were Willis' monthly $1,400 social security payments, all of which had been withdrawn by Sticken.
Investigators found significant cause to charge Sticken with grand theft and failure to report a death. He was booked into Santa Rosa County Jail Thursday morning on $6,000 bond.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1IkHbPB
News
Rafa Benitez calls in specialist ‘Superior Striker' coaching help for Aleksandar Mitrovic
Rafa Benitez has acted instantly and brought in extra specialist coaching help to get the best out of Aleksandar Mitrovic.
The Serbian striker was much sought after when Newcastle landed him in a big money deal last summer – but has only in flashes shown the form and goals that he is clearly capable of.
Mitrovic, possibly more than any other Newcastle player, suffering under Steve McClaren's failed management and negative tactics.
Whilst the Newcastle United No.45 looked to have stepped up his game at Leicester on Monday, along with a number of other players, Rafa Benitez has still gone ahead with some extra specialist help to get the most out of this key player.
‘Superior Striker' is the brainchild of former striker Allan Russell.
The 35 year old played for the likes of Kilmarnock and Hamilton in Scotland, as well as a number of clubs in the lower leagues in England, as well as a spell in America in his final years as a player.
However, after developing a ‘striker specific' on and off pitch training programme, Russell has become one of the most ‘sought after young coaches in Europe'.
Ahead of the derby, on Friday Aleksandar Mitrovic was put through his paces for the first time under the supervision of the Superior Striker programme, Benitez seeing the extra coaching as invaluable with a relegation fight well and truly on.
This is a snippet from Alan Russell's website explaining the background to the Superior Striker programme and what it can do to help the likes of Alesandar Mitrovic reach his full potential:
‘Superior Striker is a complete striker specific on and off the field training programme designed by ex Pro Allan Russell to maximize the overall performance of attacking players.
Allan is now one of the most sought after young coaches in Europe and is considered the finest individual striker coach in world football and a pioneer in striker specific training.
Allan has a client list full of Premier league, top European, Champions league and International players all seeing instant and long lasting results and improvements in their game.
Every element and fine detail of what it takes to become a world class goal scorer has been implemented into the design and methods of this program.
The technical, physical, tactical and mental science of how to establish your self as a ruthless and consistent goal scorer are just some of the objectives covered to take your career beyond the levels you aspire to.'
PARIS — EBay said it would appeal a French court's order that it pay 38.6 million euros ($60.8 million) in damages to the French luxury goods company LVMH, the latest round in a long-running legal battle over the sale of counterfeit goods on the Internet.
LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton, a maker of high-end goods and fashion and luxury products, successfully challenged eBay for a second time in the French court, arguing that 90 percent of the Louis Vuitton bags and Dior perfumes sold on eBay are fakes.
The court ruled Monday that eBay, which earns a commission on the sales, was not doing enough to stamp out counterfeit sales. The decision, while costly, is unlikely to have a drastic effect on the way eBay conducts business because it has already made changes to police its site for counterfeit goods. As eBay moves to more fixed-price marketplaces, it wants access to brand-name products for the cachet and the revenue those brands can bring.
EBay said in a brief statement issued after the decision that the case went beyond counterfeiting to include manufacturers proscribing the territories in which its products could be sold.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“When counterfeits appear on our site we take them down swiftly, and today's ruling is not about our fight against counterfeiting,” eBay said. “It's about an attempt by LVMH to protect uncompetitive commercial practices at the expense of consumer choice and the livelihood of law-abiding sellers that eBay empowers every day. We will fight this ruling on their behalf.”
Photo
EBay has faced several legal challenges in France, where luxury goods companies are fiercely protective of their brands. In another recent case, a court ordered eBay to pay 20,000 euros to Hermès International in Paris for not properly vetting the sale of handbags.
After Trump's victory in the presidential elections, the hashtag #NotMyPresident trended on Twitter for several days.
The proponents of the hashtag argued, among other things, that Trump was an illegitimate president because:
He was racist/sexist. Russians Interfered with the elections. Trump lost the popular vote.
On a completely unrelated note, the annual football Superbowl will take place on Sunday the 5th of February, 2017.
The football match which will take place at the NRG Stadium, Houston, Texas, will see the New England Patriots and the Atlanta Falcons compete for the prestigious cup.
A few hours ago, the hashtag #NotMySuperbowl begun trending on Twitter. The hashtag was meant to satirize the #NotMyPresident hashtag, and it does a pretty good job it is.
Whether you are personally a Trump fan or not, there's no denying that these are genuinely funny:
Flying in first class is an experience that almost all passengers will never be able to afford, but a travel blogger has revealed how he went on a $60,000 (£40,000) round-the-world trip for just $300 (£200).
Despite being an infrequent traveller, Sam Huang said he cashed in enough air miles to go on the ‘most insane' journey ever in one of the most luxurious aeroplane cabins on the planet.
Mr Huang visited 11 cities, seven countries and five continents over three weeks and flew in Emirates' first class suite for less than the price of a seat in economy class.
Scroll down for video
Travel blogger Sam Huang said he went on a $60,000 round-the-world trip with tens of thousands of air miles
The first class suites on Emirates' Airbus A380 fleet has sliding doors, an LCD screen and a mini-bar
Emirates' first class, one of the most luxurious cabins on the planet, is used by executives and A-listers
Mr Huang, 26 from Pasadena lived the high life as he flew around the world in an exclusive cabin reserved for the likes of chief executives and film stars, and was treated to unlimited Dom Perignon Champagne, $800 cognac, caviar and a shower spa at 40,000ft.
With photos that will make every traveller jealous, he wrote about the ‘greatest flying experience of his life' on his blog, TopMiles, and revealed how he was able to do it by taking advantage of credit card bonuses and a flight booking loophole.
He claimed the ‘crazy miles redemption' had never been done before, and all he had to pay was $300 for airport and airline taxes and fees.
Mr Huang racked up more than 100,000 frequent flyer miles – without taking a single flight – when he signed up for several credit cards from Bank of America, which is partnered with Alaska Airlines.
He told MailOnline Travel: 'I was playing around on Alaska's website for award bookings one day and it started giving me some routes that normally wouldn't be allowed by the airline. I started playing around with it more and eventually booked my trip.'
Emirates is one of Alaska Airlines' partners, and he was able to use the points on Emirates flights booked through Alaska Airlines' website.
Sam Huang enjoyed VIP treatment during his journey, including access to Emirates' first class lounges
In the air, Mr Huang was treated to unlimited Dom Perignon Champagne, $800 cognac and wild caviar
Before landing, first class passengers can freshen up and take a two-minute shower
He told Mashable that most airlines have ‘routing rules' that prevent travellers from booking round-the-world trips, but Alaska Airlines' computers didn't have them until recently.
Mr Huang told MailOnline Travel that he didn't initially think the idea would work.
He said: 'Most airlines' booking systems only allow direct routing. For example if you wanted to fly from New York to Paris, you would have to cross the Atlantic Ocean.
'You can't fly to Sydney then Tokyo then Paris.'
Mr Huang, who normally flies in economy, added several 24-hour stopovers along the way as he flew around the world in the Airbus A380, the largest passenger plane in the world.
On the first leg of his journey, he covered 21,136 miles when he flew from Singapore to New York via Melbourne, Auckland, Sydney, Dubai and Milan.
Racking up an additional 34,000 miles, the second leg took him from Houston to Singapore via Dubai, Rome, Mauritius, Brisbane and Auckland.
Sam Huang flew from Singapore to New York and back with a number of 24-hour stopovers along the way
In first class, passengers order their meals when they are hungry and choose from a number of entrees
First and business class passengers can load up on snacks or beverages at the onboard lounge
WHICH PLACES DID MR HUANG VISIT ON HIS ROUND-THE-WORLD TRIP? Singapore New York Melbourne Auckland Sydney Dubai Milan Houston Rome Mauritius Brisbane
With a ticket worth more than double the average salary in the US, he received VIP treatment on every flight, starting with access to first class lounges with marble entrances, Champagne and gourmet meals.
He avoided queues and crowds with priority boarding and ‘fast track' service through immigration.
In the air, he flew in the lap of luxury in a private first class suite that has sliding doors, a personal mini-bar, a seat that converts into a fully-flat bed, and a choice of meals prepared by an executive chef.
He said: 'It was eye opening to see how the 0.01% fly and how much privacy is valued when you fly in first class.
'Most first class passengers that were flying with me kept their doors closed the whole time, I'm assuming they were sleeping. The caviar and champagne to them is just a nice little cherry on top.'
For those who are looking to do the same, Mr Huang, who now has 15 credit cards, has a few words of advice before they sign up for multiple cards, as some have fees and minimum spends.
He said: ‘If you can't pay off your bills fully every month, please don't do this game.
'The miles game is a very complicated one to learn. There is a lot of information out there about the miles game, so everyone needs to their research and make sure they are getting the right information.
'I actually created TopMiles to help simplify the process for the average user and show them the best offers, every time.'
In Emirates' first class lounges, Sam Huang enjoyed unlimited Champagne and sweeping views of airfields
“The kitchen faces north, so the bright yellow was chosen to always provide the suggestion of sunshine,” says Churchill. The color does have some basis in history, too. “The Shaker houses were very neutral in the public spaces, but in some of the bedrooms at Hancock Shaker Village, the colors are wild and surprising,” says Churchill.Hendricks says the color reflects the personality of one of the owners. “She is very vivacious, with a larger-than-life personality — and she loves bright colors,” she says.Real plaster covers the walls for an authentic look; it was lightly polished for a subtle sheen.A full refrigerator and a full freezer flank the sink, and they are not surrounded or fronted by cabinetry. “A modest vintage house would not have concealed the appliances,” says Churchill. “We fantasize about the nostalgia and charm of a farmhouse, but when you buy a Sub-Zero refrigerator and hide it behind cabinetry, it can go the other way. Sometimes it's best to simplify.”
Jake Stringer is back for the Bulldogs
- Jake Stringer one of five changes for Dogs
- Injured Jetta out for Eagles, Lycett named
- Liberatore and Macrae back to strengthen Dogs' midfield
THE WESTERN Bulldogs have rolled the dice at the selection table, recalling star forward Jake Stringer and bringing back Tom Liberatore, Jack Macrae and Easton Wood from injury for Thursday night's elimination final against West Coast.
Meanwhile, the in-form Eagles have lost Lewis Jetta (calf) and replaced the speedster with makeshift ruckman/defender Mitch Brown in their only change.
See the full teams here
Sore West Coast big man Scott Lycett has been named for the Domain Stadium clash, despite battling a knee complaint.
After being sent back to Footscray to improve his workrate, Stringer has shown enough in two VFL games to return as the Dogs search for more firepower in attack.
Luke Beveridge's men only booted six goals at Domain Stadium in a round 23 loss to Fremantle.
Liberatore (ankle) and Macrae (hamstring) come in for their first games since round 19, while acting skipper Wood (ankle) returns after landing awkwardly after a marking contest against Essendon in round 22.
Wood's intercept marking could be critical against the Eagles' tall forwards Josh Kennedy and Jack Darling, while Jordan Roughead (calf) also returns to bolster the Dogs' ruck department.
All Australian big man Will Minson's career at the Whitten Oval could be over after he made way for Roughead, while Koby Stevens, Fletcher Roberts, Bailey Williams and Nathan Hrovat have also been dropped.
Despite concerns over a lingering posterior cruciate ligament injury, the Eagles have named Lycett and retained journeyman Jonathan Giles after his stellar performance against the Crows.
The match, which will be Eagles skipper Shannon Hurn's 200th game, is close to a sell-out, with only 900 tickets remaining on Wednesday evening.
Thursday, September 8
West Coast v Western Bulldogs at Domain Stadium, at 6.10pm AWST
WEST COAST
In: M.Brown
Out: L.Jetta (calf)
WESTERN BULLDOGS
In: J.Roughead, E.Wood, T.Liberatore, J.Stringer, J.Macrae
Out: W.Minson, K.Stevens, F.Roberts, N.Hrovat, B.Williams
The German Justice Ministry has confirmed that investigators found a folder containing the names, addresses and photos of "representatives of the left-wing political spectrum" which had been kept "for criminal purposes" during last week's raids against suspected far-right terrorists in the northern state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.
In an answer to an official information request filed by the socialist Left party, the Justice Ministry said an investigation for "preparation of a serious act of violence against the state" had been opened against two men on August 15. The investigation is understood to be a corollary of the case against Bundeswehr soldier Franco A., who had allegedly been planning to carry out a terrorist attack while posing as a Syrian refugee.
At 4 a.m. on August 28, police deployed dogs and stun grenades to raid the homes and offices of the two men, identified as a police officer in the small town of Ludwigslust and a Rostock-based lawyer and local politician - named as Jan Hendrik H. - who are believed to have hoarded weapons and food.
Other properties in several towns in the region were also searched, though their owners are not considered suspects, and Jan Hendrik H. has denied that he kept "anything like a death list."
There have been investigations into far-right extremism in the German army
Preparing for social collapse
The lawyer is a former member of the free-market, liberal Free Democratic Party (FDP), and a current ally of a small local political group called "Independent Citizens for Rostock," whose leader, Malte Philipp, told Die Welt newspaper that he was shocked at the investigation. He said he had always thought Hendrik H. was "economically liberal and completely free of all extremist positions."
Federal prosecutors, who automatically take over any state investigation into possible terrorist activity, said in a statement that the two suspects were part of a network that exchanged messages with other people in various chat groups that mainly discussed the "from their point of view misguided refugee and immigration policy" and other political topics.
Prosecutors said the chat group members believed that the policy would drain private and public budgets, cause an increase in terror attacks and other crimes and, eventually, lead to "a collapse of state order."
To prepare for this, some of the members collected guns, ammunition and food and appear to have seen the ensuing social disorder as a chance to murder people they deemed leftists.
Middle-class Nazi murderers
Neither the prosecutors or the Justice Ministry revealed who was on the list, how many names it contained or whether those on the list had been warned – nor did the authorities say how many people belonged to the far-right chat groups in question.
But Left party Bundestag member Martina Renner – who conferred with local Left party groups in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania – said she believes that the list included dozens of people, as well as people who worked for local refugee support groups. She also criticized authorities for not informing individuals on the list of the potential threat.
The NSU's Beate Zschäpe is currently on trial in Munich
Renner said she believes that the chat groups contained around 30-40 people – and they were not what she called "typical neo-Nazi cells."
"A network that contains police officers, soldiers, lawyers, and local politicians has a different quality to the classic neo-Nazi network," she said.
"These people have legal access to weapons, and if they decide to create a far-right terrorist group then they pose a very different danger because security forces don't automatically keep an eye on such people," she added. "The security forces urgently need to re-think their strategy - because this threat is coming from the center of society."
The Left party politician also said politicians and security forces have been complicit in consistently diminishing the threat posed by neo-Nazi terrorists. "These people are neither crazy nor harmless," she said. "They turn their words into actions – they don't just talk. We've had right-wing terror in German since the 1950s, and it's always been played down."
She added that this and other recent cases, like the botched investigations into the National Socialist Underground, have shown "there has always been a conscious and basic neglect of far-right terrorism in Germany."
For the Left party, this threat also comes in the context of ongoing vandalism that their offices are often subject to in some parts of Germany. "If I'm a Left politician and I call the police because my office got smashed in, then of course I have to trust them. But now we have to be more suspicious," Renner said. "Up to now, they've always said they were isolated cases, but you get a bad feeling."
How lethal are Tasers? I know there's talk about police being Taser-happy and torturing people with these devices, but has anyone been Tasered to death?
Cecil replies:
News a little slow getting up to Calgary, Dugie? Lots of people have died after being Tasered — which is not to say they were necessarily Tasered to death. According to a widely publicized Amnesty International study last year, 334 people in the U.S. plus 25 more in Canada died between 2001 and 2008 after being zapped with a Taser by cops. The Taser's defenders say it beats shooting people and reduces the risk of stray bullets injuring bystanders. Wrong argument, says AI. The Taser isn't a replacement for guns but rather for billy clubs and such — for a lot of cops it's become the default method of subduing the unruly. OK, getting whupped upside the head in the old days wasn't a pleasant experience, but at least it didn't involve 50,000 volts.
Taser is an acronym for “Thomas A. Swift's electric rifle,” a tribute to Tom Swift, boy-genius hero of a long-running kid's book series early last century. (Taser inventor Jack Cover was a fan.) Tasers work by firing two barbed nitrogen-propelled darts into skin or clothing, then delivering a high-voltage shock at low current. They can also be used in “drive stun” mode, where the darts don't fire; here you have to hold the weapon against the subject's body while pulling the trigger.
A well-aimed Taser shot reduces an uncooperative suspect to a twitching blob. Being hit by 50,000 volts hurts like hell, and can cause vertigo, disorientation, and amnesia. Taser darts can lacerate your skin (sometimes requiring stitches) and a couple of cases have been reported of Taser darts sticking in somebody's eye.
Does it get worse than that? Taser fans say no. TASER International, maker of the device, compiled a database of reports on Tasered human subjects from 1999 to 2002, which paints a rosy picture, claiming a few minor injuries and no deaths over 34 months. A defense department study found the rate of severe injuries was only 0.6 percent, and police departments have claimed significant reductions in injury rates to both officers and suspects.
Amnesty International tells a different story, one that leaves lingering questions. Alarming as a death toll of 359 sounds, it turns out to be difficult to tie them all to the Taser jolt. AI admits as much: “Amnesty International's review is not a scientific study, nor is the organization in a position to reach conclusions regarding the role of the Taser in each case.” What struck me when I reviewed the deaths was how few the medical examiner thought were directly attributable to the Taser. In the huge majority of cases, drugs, alcohol, and/or poor health were cited as contributing factors.
Are MEs just covering up for the cops? Maybe, maybe not. Medical journals speak of “sudden in-custody death syndrome,” which is enough to spike anybody's BS meter. However, some experts insist that physical restraint that isn't in itself lethal can combine with factors like heart disease and stimulant use to cause a hyperagitated state and often death in someone resisting arrest. And that's without Tasers in the picture; add a zap or two and it's hard to say exactly what's doing the victim in. One study of Taser-coincident deaths from 2001-'05 showed more than half the victims had cardiovascular disease, more than 75 percent were on illegal drugs, and close to 90 percent were on some sort of stimulant (including caffeine) at the time of death. Research has found police often use Tasers when a suspect is out of control and apparently under the influence — exactly, the theory goes, when the risk of SICDS is high.
In 2005 the Potomac Institute, a think tank, analyzed 72 cases of Taser-coincident death tabulated by AI and found some common threads: drug use by the suspect, physical restraint by the police, and no clear proof that the Taser was the cause of death. Their conclusion? The risk of death due primarily to Taser was between 1 in 1,000 and 1 in 100,000.
Let's put the issue squarely. Amnesty International tells of officers Tasering schoolchildren, pregnant women, the elderly, etc — these jamokes should be fired. But often cops have to get the cuffs on some raving lunatic they can't just leave walking the streets. Almost any sublethal method of persuasion carries risks. Pepper spray can cause potentially fatal reactions, police dogs can do serious damage, plastic and bean-bag bullets can kill. Nightsticks and choke holds I don't need to tell you about. Tasering the guy presents a non-negligible chance you could kill him. But what do you do instead?
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
The more highly technical the basis of a story, the more likely it is that some key detail will get jacked up by a journalist trying to translate it for the public. Call it Panzer's Law.
It's only natural, especially when it comes to stories about security and privacy, such as Apple vs. the FBI. There are a myriad of complex technical mechanics at play, fiercely difficult Gordian Knots of encryption and hardware solutions to unravel and a number of previous interactions between Apple and the government that have set one precedent or another.
But no matter how hard it is, it's important to get this stuff right. The press has the ability not only to act as a translator but also as an obfuscator. If they get it and they're able to deliver that information clearly and with proper perspective, the conversation is elevated, the public is informed and sometimes it even alters the course of policy-making for the better.
When it comes to the court order from the FBI to Apple, compelling it to help it crack a passcode, there is one important distinction that I've been seeing conflated.
Specifically, I keep seeing reports that Apple has unlocked “70 iPhones” for the government. And those reports argue that Apple is now refusing to do for the FBI what it has done many times before. This meme is completely inaccurate at best, and dangerous at worst.
There are two cases involving data requests by the government which are happening at the moment. There is a case in New York — in which Apple is trying really hard not to hand over customer information even though it has the tools to do so — and there is the case in California, where it is fighting an order from the FBI to intentionally weaken the security of a device to allow its passcode to be cracked by brute force. These are separate cases with separate things at stake.
The New York case involves an iPhone running iOS 7. On devices running iOS 7 and previous, Apple actually has the capability to extract data, including (at various stages in its encryption march) contacts, photos, calls and iMessages without unlocking the phones. That last bit is key, because in the previous cases where Apple has complied with legitimate government requests for information, this is the method it has used.
It has not unlocked these iPhones — it has extracted data that was accessible while they were still locked. The process for doing this is laid out in its white paper for law enforcement. Here's the language:
It's worth noting that the government has some tools to unlock phones without Apple's help, but those are hit and miss, and have nothing to do with Apple. It's worth noting that in its statements to the court in the New York case, the government never says Apple unlocks devices, but rather that it bypasses the lock to extract the information.
The California case, in contrast, involves a device running iOS 9. The data that was previously accessible while a phone was locked ceased to be so as of the release of iOS 8, when Apple started securing it with encryption tied to the passcode, rather than the hardware ID of the device. FaceTime, for instance, has been encrypted since 2010, and iMessages since 2011.
So Apple is unable to extract any data including iMessages from the device because all of that data is encrypted. This is the only reason that the FBI now wants Apple to weaken its security so that it can brute-force the passcode. Because the data cannot be read unless the passcode is entered properly.
If, however, you assume that these stories are correct and that Apple has complied with requests to unlock iPhone passcodes before and is just refusing to do so now, it could appear that a precedent has already been set. That is not the case at all, and in fact that is why Apple is fighting the order so hard — to avoid such a precedent being set.
The New York case has another wrinkle, which is a separate issue. Apple can theoretically comply with the data extraction request there, but is refusing to do so on two bases: extracting data from devices diverts manpower and resources, and that the government is trying to use a wide application of the Writs Act of 1789.
At the behest of Judge Orenstein, the federal magistrate in the NY case, Apple filed a response in which it questioned the new application of the AWA. Apple also argues that since its reputation is based on security and privacy, complying with the court's demands based on an expanded application of a 200-year-old law could put it at risk of tarnishing that reputation. Apple is still waiting for a final order on whether to comply from the judge there. The Writs Act is also being used in the case in California.
Still, even if Apple were to comply in New York, it would not be unlocking the device, merely extracting data off of it with standard methodology for pre-iOS 8 devices. If the FBI succeeds in ordering Apple to comply in California, it would have to build a new software version of iOS that allowed electronic brute-force password cracking. This is an important distinction to make when talking about such an important precedent-setting case.
Article updated to clarify what data Apple can extract.
It's time to take another look at the top-performing Pac-12 quarterbacks. We've revisited this ranking each week this year. Expect some variation with each edition, as we'll be judging every individual game performance more heavily than the full season of work:
1. Sam Darnold, USC: He's steadily climbed the national charts ever since a September insertion into the starting lineup. Now, Darnold ranks second only to Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield in QBR. He was efficient again in USC's 45-27 win over Notre Dame, finishing with 205 yards and a pair of touchdowns. Darnold's rushing total -- 16 yards -- doesn't do his athleticism justice. He again showed exceptional pocket awareness and mobility to extend plays and make solid throws downfield. Darnold may well be the best quarterback in the Pac-12; the Trojans have much to be excited about entering 2017.
2. Jake Browning, Washington: Yes, there are questions about his arm strength and, yes, the Huskies' receivers have been absolutely fantastic. But the bottom line is that Browning is getting the job done, and he delivered another one of his typically efficient performances in Washington's 45-17 Apple Cup victory at Washington State. Browning threw for 292 yards and three touchdowns. Perhaps most importantly, he didn't make any critical errors. That's something that Luke Falk, who threw three costly picks in that game, cannot say. Browning has thrown for a touchdown on 12.2 percent of his passes this season, shattering an NCAA record.
3. Davis Webb, California: The graduate transfer's one-year stint in Berkeley ends without a bowl game, but that failure wasn't of Webb's doing. His 301-yard, two-touchdown effort in the Golden Bears' 36-10 win over UCLA punctuated a nice statistical year. Webb finishes the regular season atop the Pac-12 with 4,295 passing yards. He trails only former Texas Tech teammate Patrick Mahomes in that category nationally. Webb wasn't flawless this season, but he did prove to be a viable professional prospect with his size and arm strength, and one can only wonder where he might have taken Cal had its defense not fallen off a cliff in 2016.
4. Brandon Dawkins, Arizona: He only completed three passes in the Wildcats' 56-35 Territorial Cup win over Arizona State. But Dawkins did much more than that. He led Arizona with 183 rushing yards and two scores on only 12 carries -- an average of 15.3 yards per carry. Dawkins also ran over -- and helped up -- Miss Arizona Tommy Lynn Calhoun on the sideline. He then proceeded to ask her on a date. Although that may not work out -- Calhoun is dating former Arizona linebacker Jake Fischer -- we commend the all-around effort.
5. Keller Chryst, Stanford: The Cardinal did the expected against the nation's worst defense, racking up 41 points and 534 yards in a win over Rice. But Chryst added some extra pizazz on top of an efficient passing performance: He ripped off a sensational 62-yard touchdown run, tightroping his way down the sideline for a portion of it. Chryst has all the physical tools to be very good for Stanford moving forward. Now, the Cardinal would like to see him prove it against a better defense in bowl season.
Thousands of union members and their supporters gathered in Downtown Los Angeles for the "Our Communities, Our Good Jobs" labor rally on Saturday morning. Marchers with signs linked the day's events with protests in Egypt and Wisconsin, and unions across different industries (teachers, firefighters, truck drivers, and nurses) marched together with supporters from the religious and civil rights communities for higher wages and better jobs.
The LA County Federation of Labor, AFL-CIO coordinated the event and plans to organize more throughout the country. The group stopped in front of Ralph's, JP Morgan Bank, T-Mobile, and the Luxe Hotel in Downtown LA in protest of their "Wal-Mart Wages." NBC LA reports:
Maria Elena Durazo, the head of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor, said she hoped the march and rally reinforced the message that “we have a broad, strong, powerful coalition that supports collective bargaining,” which she called “the only way to have a voice for workers.”
Teamsters president James P. Hoffa released this statement: "To look out at the thousands of working men and women at today's march is inspiring... Let this serve notice to all the anti-worker, corporate interests that are attacking America's middle class - we will not let them win!"
Thursday must have been a tough day for the Ontario Liberals. Last month we learned that certain key figures had refused to sign release forms for a behind-the-scenes documentary, titled Premier: The Unscripted Kathleen Wynne, and that it might therefore never be released. The Liberals cited lawyerly concerns related to footage they hadn't seen. But “sources” told the Toronto Star that, “Wynne's aides were alarmed by an apparent focus on the Liberals' Sudbury byelection bribery scandal and were unhappy that dissident former Grit candidate Andrew Olivier was interviewed.”
Alas, the Star got its grubby little hands on the documentary anyway. Now we know Wynne is seen “dispens(ing) campaign advice to a wide-eyed federal Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau”; that Wynne's marriage to Jane Rounthwaite “is one of loving, equal partners who share a puckish sense of humour, a passion for politics and a quaint affinity for the 1950s sit-com I Love Lucy”; that Wynne comes off‎ “as a thoughtful and conscientious boss who treats staffers well and enjoys friendly relations with her cabinet colleagues”; and that “Rounthwaite comes across as a smart and savvy political operator fiercely loyal to her spouse.”
Yee-ouch!
OK, I kid. That's good press, not bad. But it all makes the truly interesting parts of the report even more so: it seems Wynne and Company were indeed worried about the Sudbury byelection bribery scandal and the ensuing police investigation. And you can understand why. Would-be candidate Olivier released tapes of a telephone conversation in which high-ranking Wynne aide Pat Sorbara and Sudbury Liberal bigwig Gerry Lougheed discussed him dropping out in favour of Glenn Thibeault, who had just defected from the federal New Democrats — and over the course of the conversation, certain “options” came up.
“We should have the broader discussion about that is it that you'd be most interested in doing,” said Sorbara, “whether it's a full-time or a part-time job in a constituency office, whether it is appointments, supports or commissions, whether it is also going on the exec …”
They didn't much care (or didn't realize) that the actions caught on tape, even if legal, were by no means remotely salubrious.
To a mere unfrozen caveman voter, it sure sounded like they were throwing around public money on partisan business. The explanations the Liberals quickly offered were not particularly convincing, legally speaking: Lougheed claimed he couldn't have offered Olivier a job because he wasn't authorized to do so; and besides, the party said, Olivier already knew he was being bounced, so it couldn't possibly have been bribery. And the vigour with which they declared themselves vindicated suggested they didn't much care (or didn't realize) that the actions caught on tape, even if legal, were by no means remotely salubrious.
Indeed, the funniest part of the Star's account is that Wynne and Co. were confused that the media thought a police bribery investigation was such a big deal. Wynne “lash(es) out at the press for being ‘out to get' her,” apparently, and “complains the media ‘just seem obsessed' with the story. ‘That's what makes me so mad,' she fumes.”
“There are certain people in the press gallery who I just know are out to get me,” Wynne reportedly says. “I mean they just want to — not ‘they' personally but their organization — just wants to bring me down. They can't stand what I stand for and they are going to look for any way to make me look bad.
“And then there are others who are just more neutral, but there's nobody who is standing in that press scrum who is there to make us look good or make us look like we're doing the right thing.”
One hopes it's true there's no one in your average Queen's Park press scrum “who is there to make (the Liberals) look good,” but I can think of one newspaper's editorial page that performs that function about as well as any political party in a free society could hope for.
If anything, they should have an invincibility complex, not a persecution complex.
That the leader of the Ontario Liberals could think this way at this point in the party's astonishing 12-year run of power — having regained a majority after the no-taxes pledge, the millions of dollars to ethnic groups with Liberal connections, the OLG fiasco, the e-Health debacle, the ORNGE catastrophe, the Caledonia sell-out, the skyrocketing energy bills and green energy shambles, Dalton McGuinty's disgraceful exit and the $1 billion gas plant cancellations and subsequent cover-up and police investigation — is amazing. If anything, they should have an invincibility complex, not a persecution complex.
But I suppose the two aren't mutually exclusive. If you're constantly rewarded for doing the wrong thing, perhaps it's difficult to appreciate the distinction between “what's right” and “what we're doing right now.” And then all those reporters really would start to look a bit crazed. It's the sort of mindset that eventually brought down McGuinty, if not the Liberals. Even at this early point in Wynne's tenure, it's not hard to see her era ending in similar fashion.
National Post
cselley@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/cselley
Above: Public Safety Minister Vic Toews was a guest on a local radio station in Winnipeg, and discussed his surprising decision to walk away from politics Monday.
TORONTO — Public Safety Minister Vic Toews announced his resignation on Monday ahead of Prime Minister Stephen Harper's summer cabinet shuffle.
In a statement he says he's stepping down as both minister and MP for Provencher, Manitoba effective Tuesday in to focus on his family and pursue opportunities in the private sector.
“It takes a great deal of deliberation on the part of those who decide to enter politics,” said Toews in a statement. “It takes an even greater amount of consideration and effort to step out of office when one still enjoys the support of those who elected them. However, for me, the time has come to step aside and begin the next chapter of my life.”
Toews' long-rumoured eagerness to grab a federal judicial appointment could be a deciding factor in his departure. In June, the National Post reported that Harper was not comfortable appointing Toews directly from cabinet.
As justice critic in 2005, Toews was an outspoken opponent of a bill which made sexual orientation a category in hate crime legislation, arguing that is could restrict freedom of religion and expression. Toews also opposed gay marriage, suggesting that it would lead to the legalisation of polygamy — a policy view that was muffled by Harper after he was appointed as justice minister in 2006.
During his brief stint with the justice portfolio, Toews earned a reputation for having a flair for the punitive – he introduced a mandatory minimum sentence bill and the three strikes bill, labelling three-time criminals as dangerous offenders and jailing them indefinitely. He was also at the helm of scraping the long gun registry and raising the age of consent from 14 to 16 years of age.
“I am proud of the achievements of our government over the last seven years. In addition to the numerous steps we have taken to rebalance the criminal justice system to ensure that criminals are held accountable to individual victims and Canadian society as a whole, we were able to renew Canada's physical infrastructure,” said Toews.
Toews was shuffled to the Treasury Board the following year in what some argued was a move to soften the Conservative Party's image. In 2010, he was switched to the Public Safety portfolio.
Toews drew the ire of some Canadians last year when he compared a Liberal MP's opposition to the government's Internet surveillance bill to siding with pedophiles. During question period Toews's told Liberal public safety critic Francis Scarpaleggia he could “either stand with us or with the child pornographers.”
The comment sparked an anonymous Twitter account, Vikileaks, that published lurid details in Toews' divorce file. The account was linked back to Liberal staffer Adam Carroll who promptly resigned. The bill was eventually dropped.
Toews will receive an $84,000 annual pension for his 12 years of service.
“Mr. Toews has been in politics for many years,” said NDP MP Charlie Angus in Parliament Monday. “I think unfortunately all too often we saw spite and short-sightedness instead of gravitas, I think that's all I can say about Mr. Toews.”
Harper asked his ministers to decide if they were planning to stay on for the election in 2015 as he considers who will get seats in the next cabinet.
Toews joins a growing pack of Conservatives who are dropping out ahead of the shakeup, giving Harper's government a makeover before the fall session.
After receiving a cancer diagnosis, fisheries minister Keith Ashfield asked if he could be excused from cabinet, but plans to keep his seat.
Last week, junior finance minister Ted Menzies bowed out of cabinet saying that he would like to spend more time at home assisting flood-stricken Albertans, but will be staying on as MP. Fellow Alberta MP, Diane Ablonczy, minister of State for foreign affairs, also said she is not planning to run again in the 2015 federal election.
Leader of the government in the Senate Marjory LeBreton announced she's giving up her post last Thursday.
On Friday, Environment Minister Peter Kent said he is okay with the back bench if he gets shuffled out.
Catamount (NY)
$20 Monday and Thursday lift tickets. Need to purchase them online (no holidays).
Dartmouth Skiway (NH)
After avoiding the crowds of President's Day weekend head to Dartmouth for $20 tuesdays.
Mohawk Mountain (CT)
Have a night skiing Valentine's date. $99 for two lift tickets (4 PM- 10 PM), dinner at the lodge, and a champagne toast. It's snowing there now....
Okemo (VT)
Show your college ID and get lift tickets for $54 during the week. Also if you are a VT or NH resident you get discounted Sunday mornings or Sunday afternoons and $39 (non holiday) Wonderful Wednesdays. Note to self need fake VT ID.
Pomerelle (ID)
Another night skiing V-day date. Only $25 for two night skiing passes and they give you cookies.
Ski Oregon
Ok- no one should enter this. This one is for the fam to win. Win a six day vacation for four. We will fly Alaska Airlines to get to OR. Then it's two days at Mt. Hood Meadows, two days at Timberline, and then two days at Mt. Bachelor. Triple woof.
Ski Vermont
Learn to Ride and Ski Month is over, but in VT you can still get some great deals by bringing a newbie. If you tag your Instaham, Twitter, or FB photos with #BringaFriendVT you could win a 2 day ski and stay package. If you bring a never-ever to Killington, Bromley, or Burke and purchase a Lean to Ride or Ski package you get a free lift ticket. If you bring a friend to the Quechee Club, lift tickets are only $30 and you get a $10 food voucher. Share to stoke.
Tahoe (CA)
If you purchase a Tahoe license plate you will also receive two lift tickets to the Tahoe resort of your choice. Appease the snow gods.
Tamarack (ID)
If you have a season pass at Tamarack bring a friend on Thursdays and the friend will get a half priced ticket ($26). If you have a season pass at Bougus or Brundage you will also get a half priced lift ticket. Also, sign up for this coupon to buy one lift ticket and get the next ticket half off.
Whistler (BC)
Win a trip for 4 to Whistler, but you have to be Canadian. Sorry.
Yet that, I would argue, is a big mistake. Chess – which is recognised as a sport by the IOC but has been repeatedly refused entry to the games – may be complex almost to the point where it seems impenetrable, but that is its richness and beauty.
All you need to know is the basic rules, and then you're on a never-ending learning curve that starts with being able to beat only your granddad and ends with beating a grandmaster at the Olympiad (at least in my dreams). The more you follow it, the more you get drawn into it and before you realise you're as much an expert on chess as you are on fencing or horse dancing. In fact, the cerebral game is as fascinating and sometimes as fast and furious a sport as any you are likely to claim armchair expertise on.
Robots aren't born with a sense of balance. But as motion-capture technology improves, it gets easier to teach machines to behave as if they possess a human's inner ear.
Big cargo ships aren't naturally fuel-efficient. Yet with motion-sensing parachutes attached, they can leverage wind energy to propel themselves more easily through water.
Superhero movies aren't meant to be realistic. And yet, god-like figures and supernatural creatures can become convincingly lifelike when modeled on the movements of real people.
Xsens, a company hailing from the Netherlands, has pushed the frontiers of motion-capture technology for more than a dozen years. Its motion-tracking systems have starred in blockbuster Hollywood movies, been deployed by marine and aerospace companies, and been used for medical and robotic applications relying on the study of human movement.
Now, Xsens wants to bring its technology to an even more mainstream audience. The company is licensing its motion-sensor software with the hope that developers will use it for consumer applications for smartphones, tablets and sensor-enabled accessories. For its consumer market debut, Xsens will demonstrate its technology at the 2013 International CES show in Las Vegas next week (Jan. 8-11).
Says Xsens chief technology officer and co-founder, Per Slycke:
"Imagine ... some big handset company, maybe they want to launch a specific smartphone which is geared towards people who do extreme sports. ... They can sell the smartphone together with a few sensors that hook up seamlessly with the smartphone, and in that way basically create a unique offering to a particular user group."
The potential applications for three-dimensional motion capture are quite literally limitless .
At the 2013 CES, Xsens will show a person wearing three-dimensional (3D) body motion sensors like the one pictured, using a computer display to show what those sensors are tracking in real time. Xsens has also created a video demonstration of how sensors could be used to classify and digitize the complex movements of a person on a skateboard (such as in the photo above).
But how third-party developers decide to apply the technology is entirely up to them.
Consumer Appetite for Motion Sensors
The motion-sensing market shifted dramatically when Apple released the iPhone 4 with gyroscopic sensor.
Until that time, motion sensors were used primarily for industrial and scientific purposes. The iPhone 4, however, introduced motion-sensing technology to a much wider audience. Now, with tracking sensors embedded in handheld devices carried by millions of consumers, there is new opportunity to build applications for use on a massive scale.
Gaming may be the first industry to commercialize mobile motion-sensing applications.
As Slycke points out, many game developers are switching their focus from dedicated console players to mobile devices. There's no reason that Microsoft's body-controlled Kinect interface, for example, couldn't be re-fashioned for bodies on the go.
Fitness applications are another low-hanging market opportunity, particularly with the attention they're already getting from big-name brands such as Nike with its FuelBand workout accessory.
In the longer term, motion-tracking applications will also be a source of valuable data - to the scientific community and to the corporate world. Imagine, for example, what a significant collection of data on human movement could tell analysts about individual and crowd behavior .
Again, Slycke notes:
"For consumers, your smartphone is tracking your motion already. People consent to that already. I can definitely imagine you could build up a hugely valuable database of human body motion and use it for all kinds of purposes, but I think it's a sensitive area."
There's a definite creepy side to motion-sensing technology, with futuristic visions of lifelike robotic companions, and smart dust that tracks and even guides human movement.
But for now, the commercial field is still in its relative infancy. Xsens is throwing open the doors to see what creative minds will make of the technology, and how consumers will respond to it as part of everyday life.
(Images courtesy of Xsens)
Related on SmartPlanet
This post was originally published on Smartplanet.com
by LetsRun.com
November 19, 2016
Full team and individual results below.
NAU and outgoing coach Eric Heins won its first national title over Stanford and Patrick Tiernan stopped Edward Cheserek's quest for a fourth straight NCAA title.
*Women's Results here
TEAM SCORING SUMMARY
Final Standings Score Order Total Avg. Spread 1 Northern Arizona 125 3-9-18-29-66(75)(77) 2:31:16 30:16 0:56.6 2 Stanford 158 4-19-32-45-58(67) 2:31:58 30:24 0:44.3 3 Syracuse 164 1-14-27-37-85(92)(101) 2:31:27 30:18 1:28.3 4 Mississippi 196 5-30-42-48-71(132)(198) 2:32:26 30:30 0:50.5 5 Arkansas 206 12-16-36-53-89(143)(163) 2:32:31 30:31 0:48.0 6 Colorado 223 17-22-26-59-99(160)(181) 2:32:37 30:32 0:53.0 7 BYU 247 7-25-62-73-80(84)(87) 2:32:47 30:34 0:49.6 8 Wisconsin 256 6-20-51-52-127(180)(190) 2:32:50 30:34 1:19.5 9 Oregon 282 2-23-54-82-121(157)(204) 2:32:53 30:35 1:27.0 10 Iona 319 34-50-68-74-93(140)(164) 2:33:47 30:46 0:31.1 11 Tulsa 340 10-57-61-83-129(139)(182) 2:33:48 30:46 1:11.4 12 Oklahoma State 363 13-28-97-111-114(125)(152) 2:33:58 30:48 1:01.0 13 Portland 368 55-56-65-72-120(123)(124) 2:34:13 30:51 0:33.8 14 Washington St. 370 24-49-90-91-116(183) 2:34:03 30:49 0:55.7 15 UCLA 378 11-39-100-113-115(133)(168) 2:34:10 30:50 1:02.5 16 Iowa State 384 35-44-79-108-118(128)(165) 2:34:20 30:52 0:42.5 17 Colorado St. 388 41-63-70-102-112(117)(153) 2:34:26 30:54 0:36.4 18 Virginia 476 33-40-81-149-173(187)(212) 2:35:13 31:03 1:19.4 19 Boise State 478 15-76-88-141-158(176)(205) 2:34:58 31:00 1:23.9 20 Michigan State 504 21-96-105-135-147(169)(177) 2:35:15 31:03 1:12.5 21 Georgetown 534 8-46-134-171-175(202)(207) 2:35:34 31:07 1:47.3 22 NC State 543 38-78-104-130-193(200)(206) 2:36:03 31:13 1:36.3 23 Illinois 564 43-64-107-172-178(186)(188) 2:36:08 31:14 1:17.3 24 Providence 611 60-95-150-151-155(167)(201) 2:36:17 31:16 0:48.4 25 Dartmouth 621 94-103-106-144-174(192)(208) 2:36:33 31:19 0:47.8 26 Navy 622 69-122-131-146-154(156)(184) 2:36:23 31:17 0:42.9 27 Southern Utah 629 47-126-138-148-170(179)(203) 2:36:28 31:18 1:06.7 28 Mid. Tenn. State 697 31-119-161-189-197(210) 2:37:56 31:36 2:03.4 29 UTEP 707 98-109-110-191-199(211)(213) 2:38:05 31:37 1:30.6 30 Texas 736 136-137-142-159-162(195)(196) 2:37:18 31:28 0:16.9 31 California 776 86-145-166-185-194(209) 2:38:14 31:39 1:13.4
The chair of the Police Federation has called on the Government to “learn the lessons” from recent terror attacks and properly resource the police.
Steve White, a police officer for 28 years, made the plea after Theresa May deployed soldiers to the streets in the wake of the Manchester bombing in order to free up police resources.
He said the decision “deeply worrying” when the announcement was made last night and added this morning that the Government should instead give the Police the resources to do their job.
Deeply worrying. Step change in policing again. https://t.co/gbS1i5HF3q — Steve White (@PFEW_Chair) May 23, 2017
Troops on the streets from tomorrow, not something we should be seeing. @PFEW_HQ members will be front and centre. Thank goodness. — Steve White (@PFEW_Chair) May 23, 2017
Will we learn the lessons of recent events and realise that policing is the job of the police, resources the job of government? — Steve White (@PFEW_Chair) May 24, 2017
His comments come after research published by the Institute for Fiscal Studies this month revealed the police forces in England and Wales have lost 20,000 officers between 2009 and 2016 as a result of a 20% funding cut.
Tory Police Minister Brandon Lewis was booed at the Police Federation conference last week for suggestion the Government is making Britain safer while slashing the number of officers.
As Home Secretary, Theresa May accused the Police Federation of “crying wolf” and “scaremongering” over the impact of the Government's cuts.
The Army has also been left short of troops and is facing “billions of pounds in so-called ‘efficiency savings'” according to the Defence Select Committee.
Update: The Police Federation have issued an official statement reiterating these points. It states:
SAN FRANCISCO
After four decades of failed efforts to bring the NFL to Toronto, you couldn't blame anyone for thinking it'll never, ever happen.
And it might not.
But there is a pathway few talks about, which doesn't involve Canadian businessmen spending literally billions to obtain and relocate a team to north of Lake Ontario.
And if the NFL were to dangle a certain carrot at the end of that path, it might actually make sense for most parties. Even our country's notoriously pro-sports-funding averse governments.
The carrot? A Super Bowl in Toronto.
As it is, Toronto is not on the NFL's short-range radar. Too many vital Los Angeles dominoes must fall by 2019. After that, who knows.
In part based on interviews with various principals, owners and insiders alike on both sides of the border, there's a little-discussed pathway that does not require one of Canada's few billionaires to liquidate far too much of his family's fortune in (a) buying an NFL team for upwards of $1.5 billion, (b) paying the league hundreds of millions in a relocation fee and (c) building a new stadium somewhere in the Toronto area for closer to $2 billion than $1 billion.
Who could afford all that? Or want to?
Indeed, that's no longer a viable lens through which to view all this.
First, understand that expansion is not an option. No NFL owner for years has expressed a desire to expand their billionaires' club beyond 32. Eight divisions of four teams seems right to everybody.
The NFL's only sensible pathway to Toronto — in my opinion (which no one connected even at arm's length to the NFL has endorsed or even suggested, I should make clear) — is the following.
A multi-billionaire owner of a current NFL team in a small market — tired of squeezing out dimes — envisions a steady flow of dollars in Toronto. Even if those dollars are discounted Loonies, they're better than dimes.
The Rogers Centre (née SkyDome) is not a worthy NFL stadium for the long-term, so a new one would have to be built.
That's where the local moneymen come into the picture. A Toronto billionaire or two could help pay for the stadium in exchange for a chunk of minority ownership.
That's essentially the deal Edward Rogers and his family, plus MLSE chairman Larry Tanenbaum, had with rocker Jon Bon Jovi in their failed bid two years ago to buy the Buffalo Bills.
Both Canadians could comfortably afford to both buy a slice of the relocating billionaire's team, and help pay for the privately financed stadium.
Third-party NFL stadium construction and ownership, by the way, is disallowed. Only governments or owners may build stadiums. Rogers and Tanenbaum thus would have to buy into the team to get a cut from the stadium.
This alternate Toronto scenario begs many questions.
Is Toronto even worthy?
Now that LA has at least one team after a 21-season absence, “T.O.” is now by far the largest market in either the U.S. or Canada without a club, with a greater-area population of six million and millions more on the periphery. North of Mexico, only LA and the Big Apple boast larger metropolitan markets.
And if it ever comes down to Toronto vs. London, as is often speculated, know that logistical and common-sense hurdles might never make feasible the romantic idea of relocating an NFL team some day to England, whereas Toronto is a shorter flight from New York City than 24 NFL cities.
Everyone knows there are significant hurdles to clear in order to move an NFL team north of the border. Logistical, political and financial. All are formidable.
But in the above pathway, none may be insurmountable. See Kroenke, Stan. And Angeles, Los.
Kroenke (whose St. Louis Rams three weeks ago became the Los Angeles Rams) is not the NFL's only cash-flush multi-billionaire. There are several. By next decade the number might grow.
Maybe the biggest hurdle for Toronto is the NFL would want governments to at least be non-antagonistic. If left-leaning parties should remain in power federally, provincially and municipally into next decade, would any lift a finger to entice NFL immigration, or contribute anything to the cause?
Don't hold your breath, you're probably thinking.
Indeed, if the Toronto Argos of the CFL could not tug so much as $10 million from the Harper Conservatives a couple of years ago, just to expand bare-bones BMO Field and its bum-numbing bleachers to accommodate a mere 10,000 more sore bums, why should anyone expect Liberals either federally or provincially to do anything for an NFL team?
That's a legit concern.
One thing, however, might allay it — and change the whole perceived evil-empire-to-Toronto dynamic: the prospect of a Toronto Super Bowl.
With this season's golden-anniversary game now less than a week away — at Levi's Stadium, 70 km south of here in Santa Clara — the idea of a Super Bowl being staged north of the border could be the key catalyst in swaying public opinion, and thus enabling at least modest government endorsement.
A Super Bowl in Toronto would be the city's greatest ever tourism advertisement.
The NFL now rewards teams in large enough markets that build glittery new stadiums with a future Super Bowl — or two. No matter how snowy their winters get. See Detroit. See New York. See Minneapolis.
As long as you've got 30,000 available hotel rooms — and Toronto easily does — you're mostly good to go. Sources don't know of any reason Toronto would not qualify for a Super Bowl, once it had a team and new stadium commensurate with its market size.
Build it, and you've got to think a Super Bowl would come.
But even if private money — beyond the league's usual $200-million loan — would entirely finance a new NFL stadium in Toronto, is there enough public desire in Toronto to support an NFL team afterward, Super Bowl or no Super Bowl?
Of course there is.
Many in Canada continue to point to the abject failure of the Bills-in-Toronto series (2008-13) as proof Toronto is not an NFL city. Wrong. All that proved is (1) Western New Yorkers boycotted the series en masse, for fear of underwriting the franchise's eventual relocation to T.O., and (2) Toronto is not a Buffalo Bills city, especially when the Bills suck.
What Toronto is, is an NFL city. Just as Canada is an NFL country. From Victoria to St. John's, you could sit at any sports bar, or stand outside any arena dressing room or on any kids soccer sideline, and hear more intelligent opinions on whether Peyton Manning's arm is shot, than on whether the Blue Jays should have done more to re-sign David Price, or on whether Steph can eclipse Kobe, LeBron or even Michael.
Want hard facts? Try these.
Recent TV ratings suggest the NFL might be at least as popular in Canada as it is in the States, on a per-capita basis. Last year's Super Bowl was viewed by 55% of all Canadians (19.3 million unique viewers, according to CTV, in a country of 35.1 million), whereas 51% of all Americans (161.3 million unique viewers, of 316.1 million) watched the game on NBC, according to statistics released by the NFL.
Those are staggering north-of-the-border numbers. And they're rising. CTV two weeks ago reported record domestic TV audiences for the NFL's divisional-round playoff games; 42% of Canadians watched at least part of one game.
And don't discount this. Toronto aches to be a big-time player on the world's sporting stage. Can't get an Olympics? Then we'll rock the Pan-Ams like no host country ever has.
Remember when SkyDome opened in 1989? The capped cavern is a punch-line now, but for a few years it was regarded as one of the wonders of the sporting world. Monstrous. Glamorous. And an enormous source of civic pride for a brief time.
Only after those Blue Jays World Series wins did it go from cool to toxic faster than Hanna Montana-themed prizes at Chuck E. Cheese's.
SkyDome's original buzzworthiness is worth mentioning, too, because that's exactly what it would take to woo the NFL — another in-your-face, ostentatious stadium worthy of Toronto's size, ego, ambition and — probably most important in the league's eyes — revenue-generating potential.
It doesn't have to be like Kroenke's latest Taj Mahal of sports stadiums. It's clear now that NFL owners last month felt a grandiose stadium vision for LA was commensurate with that market. Much more modest stadiums are being built in Minneapolis/St. Paul and Atlanta.
It's reasonable to presume the NFL would want a stadium vision for Toronto closer to St. Kroenke's than St. Paul's.
How could governments contribute?
Perhaps by donating land for the stadium, or selling it on the cheap — with the quid pro quo that the team's new cross-border franchise ownership would, say, commit funding to low-cost housing somewhere nearby — a Canadian development tradition.
All of this would make perfect sense on the massive fed-owned tract of land located smack-dab in the centre of Toronto, Downsview Park. Nearly half a million Torontonians jammed a small portion of it in 2003 to watch the Stones and AC/DC headline an unforgettable outdoor show. The place cleared quickly thanks to the confluence of highway (401, Allen Expressway) and transit (buses and subways) options.
Finally, does the NFL even want to come to Toronto?
I spoke to several of the league's most powerful owners at last year's annual league meeting. Each said yes.
Bills co-owner Terry Pegula told Postmedia he not only would have no issue if Toronto got its own NFL franchise some day, he said the league specifically sought such approval before they cleared him to buy the Buffalo club.
Commissioner Roger Goodell confirmed as much to Postmedia last March: “Terry is exactly right … Toronto is an important market, but all of Canada is.”
I subsequently interviewed three of the NFL's most prominent owners, and all said it's not whether the league would like to have a team in Toronto. Rather, it's how.
“I know everybody is interested in that market,” said Houston Texans owner Bob McNair, chair of the NFL's finance committee.
On background, multiple sources in 2014 said a handful of NFL owners — no matter what polite things they might have said publicly about the Bills staying put — wished to see the team relocate to Toronto, so all could get a slice of Toronto's greater perceived revenues.
That jibes with what New York Giants owner John Mara admitted in May 2014 — that “most,” not all, owners preferred the Bills remained in Buffalo.
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones is probably the league's foremost lover of big markets and gaudy stadiums. He is said to be one owner who wants Toronto to get a team sooner than later.
Bottom line, should the day come when the NFL wants to relocate a struggling club owned by a super-rich owner to Toronto, it could go a long way toward making it happen by following the pathway above — and dangling that Super carrot.
Mud flow is pictured among toppled trees and crops in the aftermath of Typhoon Bopha in Compostela Valley, southern Philippines, in this December 7, 2012 handout photo released by the Malacanang Photo Bureau. REUTERS/Jay Morales / Malacanang Photo Bureau
NEW BATAAN, Philippines (Reuters) - Philippine President Benigno Aquino declared a state of national calamity on Saturday, four days after this year's strongest typhoon left nearly 1,000 people dead or missing mostly in the country's resource-rich south.
A price freeze on basic commodities was put into effect, and local governments were authorized to utilize their calamity funds for search, relief and rescue operations.
The national disaster agency put the death toll at 459 and a further 532 were missing, mostly in the Mindanao provinces of Compostela Valley and Davao Oriental.
Thousands have been left homeless by typhoon Bopha which hit land on Tuesday with winds stronger than Hurricane Sandy that devastated the U.S. West Coast in October.
The government sent sniffer dogs to the worst-hit provinces to help with the search for victims. Rescue workers have also requested heavy equipment to help clear debris.
“I don't know what to do, I really don't know where to look for them,” Anna Joy Adlawan, a 14-year-old student told Reuters at an abandoned public market in New Bataan as she and two siblings searched for their mother and other relatives.
“The last time we heard from them was when my mother called us up asking for help because floodwaters were rising. When he got here on Wednesday, our house was gone and they were also gone.
“Last Friday, we found the body of our 7-year-old nephew, but we're still looking for eight more, and we will not stop until we find and give them proper burial.”
Bopha has weakened and is moving slowly north-northwest off the main Luzon island. An average of 20 typhoons hit the Philippines every year, some causing death and destruction.
Would not have guessed that Russell Wilson's sack rate is at a career-low 5.5% while his average time in pocket (2.41) is highest since 2012 and time before pass (2.86) is his highest since 2014 Mike Sando, ESPN.com@SandoESPN
“How good has Russell Wilson been in the fourth quarter this season? He's approaching historically good. The Seahawks quarterback has thrown 14 touchdowns to one interception. According to the Elias Sports Bureau, that puts Wilson one shy of Eli Manning's single-season record of 15 TD passes in the fourth quarter, which he set in 2011.” – per Brady Henderson, ESPN
106 Attempts, 75 Completions = 70.8 Completion Percentage. 965 Passing Yards, 9.2 Yards per Attempt. 54 Yard Pass = Longest. 14 Touchdowns, 13.2 TD%. 1 Interception, 0.9 INT%. 1 Sack, 8 Yards Lost. 134.9 Passer Rating.
Pete Carroll says of how much the Seahawks' offense has relied on Russell Wilson this season, “I don't know how you could carry it much more numbers-wise.” Wilson has accounted for almost 86 percent of Seattle's scrimmage yards. Per the NFL, that would be the highest percentage for any player in the Super Bowl era. ESPN
Through 11 games, Wilson has rushed for 401 yards — nearly double that of the next-leading rusher, Chris Carson at 208.Of the 1,132 Seattle rushing yards this season, Wilson accounts for 35 percent of them.What's more: Of Seattle's four rushing touchdowns, Wilson has three.That means either through the air or on the ground, Wilson has accounted for 26 of the Seahawks' 27 offensive touchdowns. CBSsports boston
I'm happy with the job I'm doing, happy to work with a few very smart people on an extremely interesting project, involving various entirely new challenges, that could have enormous impact. But on the other hand Bitcoin infrastucture development must be one of the most hostile and crazy working environments in existence, at least in software development.
This is my personal reflection on recent events, and should not be seen as any official statement for Bitcoin nor Bitcoin Core.
Atmospheric toxicity
Day in, day out, there is trolling, targeted attacks, shilling on social media targeted toward us. I don't know of any other project like this. I've seen developer teams in MMOs under similar pressure from users; but possibly this is even worse. There, there are avid disagreements about how the game rules should be changed, here people get worked up about changes affecting a whole economic system. And the people attacking are, in many cases, not even users of the software.
But it is even worse when many of those attacks are agitated by someone that purports to be part of your own project. Not just involved with, even leading projects whose developers and users are openly hostile to us.
Some development tasks are extremely complex and require focus over a long time. It is essential to be able to reduce distractions, by being at least sure that your own team has your back.
For those reasons over the last years we've tried to create a more sane and focused environment for developers to work in. Part of this is a restructuring of the project. A decoupling of the name “Bitcoin Core” from “Bitcoin”. Bitcoin is (understandably) seen as public property. No one owns the bitcoin system, it is supposed to be decentralized and intangible.
However Bitcoin Core is a software project run by a team of people working together, on an open source basis. People who choose for themselves who they want to work with, and who they don't want to work with.
There comes a point when it is time to break ties with certain individuals which were formative in the beginning but have, over time, ossified and even come to be seen as a toxic influence. Especially if they haven't partaken in active development for a long time.
Scams all the way down
On a different note, Bitcoin has unfortunately always attracted scammers (remember mybitcoin?), con artists (remember pirateat40?), as well as assorted opportunists of all kinds.
Bitcoin also has its own creation myth, with borderline-religious support by some.
But now something truly fishy is going on. Someone is claiming to be that creator, but is surrounded by technological and social trickery, based on backdated GPG keys, faked digital signatures, maybe classic bait-and-switch parlor tricks. Despite various red flags, many people are convinced that a certain person is the creator of Bitcoin. There is a larger confusion than ever where truth starts and where misdirection and scams end. I am extrememly concerned about this.
I wasn't sure, and am still not sure how Gavin is involved in this. It is no longer likely that he was hacked, but at the very least he is confused. When we saw the blog post convinced he found Satoshi, the prudent thing to do was to revoke his ownership of the ‘bitcoin' organization on github, under which the Bitcoin Core repository currently lies, immediately.
In the past he has stated that “Satoshi can have write access to the github repo any time he asks.”, so if he is absolutely convinced that this is Satoshi, there is a risk that he'd give away the repository to a scammer.
Least privilege
But in a way this was only the final straw. His privileges were seen as a liability by members of the project for a while (and not just because of proxy threats from Mike Hearn to shut down the project).
The principle of the least privilege in computer security says that users, should only have access to the resources they need for the purposes that are essential to the user's job.
This is not an idle concern, for us. Remember how the bitcoin sourceforge was hacked using Satoshi's inactive account?
Gavin hadn't done anything as a maintainer for a year or so, and before that he already was hardly active for a long time.
That's perfectly fine, people move on to other things, other interests, no one is bound to this project for life. However, the world also moves on, and if you go on to other things you can't expect to be able to come back at any point and that everything is in the same place where you left it. It was time to revoke those privileges anyway.
I have personally asked, in a phone conversation as well as in mail, Gavin various times to give up his privileges with the github project himself - and so have other people. The response was always that he'd “sleep on it”. Despite allegations of the opposite, this did not come out of the blue.
Crossing the Rubicon
So when the question comes up whether we should make Gavin maintainer again, my answer, and that of many others is a resounding “no”. For one, there is just no point, as he wasn't acting as a maintainer for Bitcoin Core anymore in the first place, and in addition to that, many feel that we can be more productive if we separate our ways.
I actually stand by my assertion that a gamer who just spent 70hrs playing this game, only to ask for a refund after that, is someone who can be described as 'entitled'.
Of course, I am not claiming that anyone who asks for a refund is entitled, nor am I claiming that Hello Games are not to be blamed here (they are). First, look at the time spent. 70 hrs is a very long time. That's about the time your average Skyrim player spent with that game . The vast majority of people wouldn't play that much if they were not having fun. If the game was utterly boring or unplayable, people would have given up much quicker than that. Second, the reason these people are asking for refunds is not because of some game-breaking bug (such as the case of Arkham Knight), which is a perfectly justifiable reason to request a refund. Third, this is a game where the awful 'hype train' tendency of the gaming community has been at full speed. This is the fault of both the company and the community, just remember how angry people got when someone suggested that maybe the game wasn't gonna be that great, and that quite a lot of people were warning about this. Fourth, let's not forget that reviews from the game came out the same day of release, so people could have waited until launch day to take the decision of whether to buy or not. At most, they would have had to wait a few hours more before playing the game. And this being a game, it meant that waiting wouldn't hurt anyone in any way.
In my early teens, I went through what I can only describe as a Tolkien phase. I obsessed over the reclusive author of The Lord of the Rings, devouring biographies, essays, poems, short stories, and even the good Professor's noted treatise on Beowulf—my first foray into the confusing world of literary criticism. When I ran out of books about J.R.R. Tolkien, I began reading books about his colleague C.S. Lewis.
Yes, I was a strange child. This should come as absolutely no surprise to anyone who now knows me as a strange adult.
(Fun fact: My obsession with tea, which was diminished slightly by my later obsession with coffee, began with my fascination with British authors. I also wanted to imitate Tolkien by drinking beer and smoking tobacco, but my parents disapproved.)
It wasn't until my high school and college years that my literary horizons broadened far beyond Lewis and Tolkien. In those early years, however, there was one more author whose books I loved dearly—a storyteller whose world delighted me as much as any Narnia or Middle-earth. Although this author was British, like Lewis and Tolkien, he was no professor.
No, he was a veterinarian.
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you a man whose stories of men, women, and animals have charmed me for more than a decade.
I give you James Herriot, who penned enchanting tales of creatures great and small.
James Alfred Wight, who wrote under the name James Herriot, was a veterinary surgeon who served farmers and residents in England's Yorkshire Dales. He spent many years treating cattle, sheep, horses, pigs, cats, and dogs. Herriot was a vet in more ways than one: he served in England's RAF (Royal Air Force) during World War II. His books are slightly fictionalized memoirs, full of real-life experiences tailored for dramatic effect.
The life of a vet may not seem interesting, but Herriot's stories reveal a career of excitement and unpredictability. Have you ever seen a medical drama on television? Have you felt the tension of a tough case, the thrill of a clever cure, or the grief of a death the doctors couldn't prevent? Imagine all that, but with animals instead of people, farms instead of hospitals, and wry optimism instead of cynical angst. I will always prefer James Herriot to Gregory House.
The animals in Herriot's stories are often as interesting as the people, and the people are plenty interesting. Herriot's boss (and eventual partner) Siegfried is eccentric, charismatic, short-tempered, and absent-minded. Siegfried's younger brother Tristan is an unstoppable force of cheerful irresponsibility. Their clients, from tough-as-nails gaffers to delusional old ladies, are a fascinating bunch.
The stories themselves range from hilarious to heartbreaking. One day, Herriot holds back laughter as Siegfried cowers beneath the tyrannical bossiness of his secretary. Another day, Herriot holds back tears as a poverty-stricken man loses his dog to cancer. Add a burgeoning romance to the mix, one with enough humor to appease even a cynical reader like me, and Herriot's stories become something truly special.
For someone with no background as an author—Herriot didn't start writing until the age of fifty—his style is remarkably good. His books have a warmth and sincerity that practically shine through the pages.
In conclusion, ladies and gentlemen, James Herriot is awesome.
A healthy democracy is contingent on having a healthy media ecosystem. As builders of these online networked spaces, how do we make sure we are optimizing not only for traffic and engagement, but also an informed public?
Not only is there much more media produced, but it is coming at us at a faster pace, from many more sources. As we construct our online profiles based on what we already know, what we're interested in, and what we're recommended, social networks are perfectly designed to reinforce our existing beliefs. Personalized spaces, optimized for engagement, prioritize content that is likely to generate more traffic; the more we click, share, like, the higher engagement tracked on the service. Content that makes us uncomfortable, is filtered out.
It's hard to shake away the utterly depressing feeling that comes with news coverage these days. IDF and Hamas are at it again, a vicious cycle of violence, but this time it feels much more intense. While war rages on the ground in Gaza and across Israeli skies, there's an all-out information war unraveling in social networked spaces.
Media Constructs Reality
As I'm writing this post, details of an Israeli Air Force missile attack near the entrance of a United Nations school in Rafah are emerging. The attack killed at least 10, injuring many more. The IDF claims it had targeted three members of the Islamic Jihad riding a motorcycle near the school, not the school itself.
Within the hour, top English-language news portals are leading with the story (see image gallery):
When we take a look at some of the top Israeli digital media portals, there's little mention of the incident at all (headlines translated from Hebrew):
Ynet: “IDF Redeploys Troops, Hamas Shoots 95 Rockets Today”. There's a minor mention of the incident far below the fold.
Mako (Channel 2 News): “IDF General: ‘we will go in and destroy every tunnel that we discover'”. Not a single mention of the U.N. school incident.
Nana: no mention of the incident.
Ha'aretz: leads with an article about the U.N. school attack.
As you can see, there's almost no mention of the incident across major Israeli media portals. Ha'aretz does cover the story, but Ha'aretz also has less than 10% readership, as it is considered to engender extreme liberal views. In the fallout of this war, the paper is also losing subscribers angered by published articles critiquing the IDF.
Israelis are convinced that media around the world is one-sided, anti-Israeli, and heavily biased towards the Palestinian cause. Yet few come out against their own clearly biased, heavily concentrated and privately owned media (see: Mozes family , Sheldon Adelson).
This illustration originally created by Carlos Latuff, a cartoonist, artist and activist based in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, was heavily shared amongst Israeli users on Facebook over the past month.
The following illustration, created in 2012 in response to CNN's whitewashing of Bahrain dictatorship, has been popularly shared across Israeli Facebook pages over the past weeks. It depicts common Israeli sentiment towards western media, as irrational and detached from reality.
These very deliberate choices made by media outlets affect our reality, how well we're informed as a public. Should Israelis show more sympathy towards the U.N. school attack? And if so, who is to blame?
On social network sites
… the landscape is much more nuanced, and highly personalized. We construct a representation of our interest by choosing to follow or like specific pages. The more we engage with certain type of content, the more similar content is made visible in our feeds. Recommendation and scoring functions learn from our social connections and our actions online, constructing a model that optimizes for engagement; the more engagement, the more traffic, clicks, likes, shares, and so forth, the higher the company's supposed value. Our capitalistic markets appreciate a growing value.
Facebook
Facebook plays a key role at disseminating information to the population at large. While some Israelis share news articles in their feeds, many use content sourced by a number of very popular Facebook pages. These are public pages that typically surface funny memes, or buzzfeed-style attention-grabbing images, highly shareable content perfect for Facebook feed-style interactions.
StandWithUs (413k likes), an international non-profit organization dedicated to “informing the public about Israel and combating extremism and anti-Semitism” had no mention of the U.N. incident. The same goes for Kikar Hashabat (117k likes) and Tweeting Statuses (605k likes), a heavily followed humor and media curation page.
Instead, the following map of the Gaza Strip as a minesweeper grid was posted, with the following comment: “currently spreading on WhatsApp”.
The group's moderator clearly received the image from a WhatsApp group, and posted to this public FB page, which received over 11k likes, hundreds of shares and so far, 133 comments, ranging from critiques to justifications; a highly polarized stream of comments.
Once again, the Israeli sources had not even a single mention of the U.N. incident. It wasn't covered by Israeli media, nor was it surfaced through popular Facebook pages.
Twitter
The graph below represents Twitter accounts responding to a different incident at the UNWRA school in Beit Hanoun between July 25th and 30th. It is still unclear who is to blame for firing at the school, although someone clearly learned their Google SEO tricks (click here to see who comes up first on Google search).
Nodes are Twitter handles, and their connections represents follow relationships. The larger a node, the higher its centrality, the more followed that account is within this group. The closer together two nodes, the more connections they share. Different colors represent communities, effectively regions that display significant levels of connectivity; nodes of the same color are much more inter-connected compared to the rest of the graph.
M y twelve-year-old recently finished George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four. When I asked her whether she had taken any lessons from the book, she airily replied, “The individual is powerless, so there's really no point in trying.”
Alarmed, I tried to explain that the world was an altogether cheerier place than Orwell, writing in 1948, could have imagined. Unrepentant socialist as he was, he never overcame his belief that the free market was doomed. He would have been stunned by the way that seventy years of exchange and specialization have served not only to make us wealthier, but to make us more autonomous.
Instead of being watched by the state through telescreens, we carry our own screens—ones that put more information at our fingertips than an entire government department could have compiled in Orwell's day. Big Brother has been defeated by capitalist technology.
] The MINI feels very much at home just about anywhere on the planet. And soon the world will also be the oyster of MINI drivers and their entourages. 12 days on from the “official” start of spring, MINI can announce its arrival among the ranks of camping outfitters. A sumptuously appointed caravan with two sleeping bays and a roof-top tent (also designed for two) in the classic John Cooper Works colour scheme will whet the appetite for do-it-yourself summer holidays peppered with spur-of-the-moment detours along the way. The British premium carmaker is very literally inviting us all to dream, while reinforcing its status as a universal supplier of stylish mobility solutions. Its aim is clear: following the unveiling of the MINI Clubvan Concept – the first MINI for everyday business use – at the Geneva Motor Show in early March 2012, come 1 April it will be time to offer customers a very MINI holiday experience as well.
As style-conscious globetrotters have long recognised, the MINI gets a warm welcome wherever it goes. And the MINI Countryman reaches those parts even its siblings hesitate to venture. Having found that perfect spot, however, what we've been lacking has been a suitably MINI, suitably impromptu way of bedding down for the night. Enter the “Cowley” caravan, offering everything you need to pitch camp in comfort: two welcoming sleeping berths, a twin-burner gas-stove, a water tank with pump and dish-washing facility, a solar module to charge the on-board battery and a 230-volt power connection to supply the refrigerator, TV/DVD and hi-fi stereo system.
“Maximum touring pleasure on a minimal footprint” is the formula for this exclusive pied-à-terre on wheels, very much in the spirit of the creative use of space for which MINI is renowned. The silhouette of the Cowley brings to mind the sweeping circular curves of the door trim inside a MINI. Plus, both side doors have sliding windows, as was the way of things in the Classic Mini up to 1969. The eye-catching trailer is only 12 centimetres (under five inches) wider than a MINI Clubman mirror to mirror and weighs just under 300 kilograms (661 lb). Indeed, with its outstanding agility and fleetness of foot, there's no danger of the hallmark MINI driving fun being left behind over long journeys.
For cars like the John Cooper Works top sports models where a trailer coupling is not an option, the “Swindon” roof-top tent provides a neat solution. The tent can be fitted easily to the roof of a MINI, MINI Clubman or MINI Countryman, and likewise offers sleeping space for two people. All of which makes those stressful last-minute searches for accommodation “so last holiday”. Having found a fittingly dreamy place to catch a stylish night's shut-eye, it's just a case of climbing up onto the roof of the MINI, lifting up the upper half of the roof-top tent box and plumping your pillows ready for impact. The roof-top tent works a treat, whether the location for your beauty sleep is the English shires or the foothills of Kilimanjaro. Indeed, should you have chosen one of nature's livelier spots to spend the night, the elevated sleeping position will keep passers-by from the animal world at arm's length.
The design of the roof-top tent box allows it to blend in seamlessly with the MINI when closed. Its lower shell is painted Midnight Black, the upper opening section in Chili Red – a combination previously the preserve of John Cooper Works models.
This is not the first time that MINI has come up with an eyebrow-raising take on overnight accommodation. During the 2006 football World Cup in Germany, MINI “fan hotels” laid on a whole new dimension in hospitality. MINI cars were converted into comfortable destinations of slumber for followers of the Italian, French and Brazilian national teams – and painted in the respective national colours. Neutral fans, meanwhile, could find refuge in the MINI Hotel International.
Gallery
I have learned that Amazon is working on two new Fire TV models which will both be capable of 4K HDR video at 60 fps. The first new model uses a dongle form factor that hangs off of a permanently attached HDMI cable, similar to the Google Chromecast. It will be a mid-tier model positioned between the existing Fire TV Stick and a new top-tier model. The second new Fire TV is a cube shaped set-top box that will be Amazon's new flagship model. It has far-field microphones, a built-in speaker, and an LED light bar that give it the same functionality as an Amazon Echo Dot for hands-free Alexa interaction and control. It also has an IR emitter which allows it to control your television and other A/V equipment.
The new mid-tier Fire TV, which is the unreleased “AFTN” device whose leaked benchmark I discovered earlier this year, will join the Fire TV lineup as a new third model. It will not replace the existing Fire TV Stick, which will remain as the budget-friendly model for those who don't need support for 4K or HDR video. Much like the Fire TV Stick, the new mid-tier Fire TV will only have an HDMI plug and a micro USB port that is used for power.
We know from the aforementioned leaked benchmark that this new Fire TV model has a 1.5 GHz quad-core CPU and Mali-450 MP GPU. It also has 2 GB of RAM and likely has the same 8 GB of internal storage that all past and present Fire TV models have had. Those specs make it slightly more powerful than the current 2nd-gen Fire TV Stick, but still notably less powerful than the current 2nd-gen Fire TV.
The new flagship Fire TV model is the unreleased “AFTA” device that surfaced for the first time last week. Without the luxury of a leaked benchmark, I don't know anything about its technical specifications, but I have learned that it essentially combines the functionality of a Fire TV, an Echo Dot, and an IR emitter, like the Harmony Hub, into a single device.
The cube-shaped Fire TV has a series of holes on top to accommodate its array of far-field microphones that allow you to talk to Amazon's Alexa voice assistant without needing to use the voice remote, although one is still included. A speaker built into the Fire TV allows you to hear responses from Alexa if your television is turned off. It is likely that this new top-tier Fire TV model will have additional ports and functionality not found on the new mid-tier model, like Ethernet and expandable storage, but details are unknown.
On top of the device are the exact same buttons found on the Echo Dot. A pair of volume buttons control the built-in speaker, a mute button allows you to disable the microphones, and an action button lets you manually trigger Alexa. The device also includes a familiar blue LED light bar that is common to all of Amazon's Alexa devices.
Amazon recently made it possible to control their existing Fire TV devices using an external Alexa device, like the Amazon Echo or Echo Dot. With the inclusion of far-field microphones directly in the new Fire TV, an external Alexa device will no longer be necessary to achieve hands-free voice control of your television.
Much like existing Fire TV models, the new Fire TVs will be able to turn on and control newer televisions that support the HDMI-CEC standard. However, most TVs in people's homes don't support the standard and those that do often have limited functionality. That is why Amazon is also including an IR emitter in the new flagship Fire TV, which should give it the ability to control the vast majority of televisions and A/V equipment.
With its built-in IR capabilities, the new flagship Fire TV will give most people hands-free voice control of their existing television and media center, without needing any additional equipment. Thanks to Alexa's newly added entertainment capabilities, you can expect to be able to turn your TV on and off, control the volume, change inputs, and more without needing to pick up a remote for certain tasks.
The new mid-tier Fire TV will be announced this month and released next month. I do not know the exact price, but it's safe to assume it'll be priced between the two existing models, so you should expect to pay between $60 and $80. The new top-tier Fire TV will be announced at a later date. It should be released sometime this year but might be delayed into early next year. Considering it adds all the functionality of the $50 Echo Dot on top of being a very capable streaming device, I expect the price to be north of $100.
Follow AFTVnews on Twitter / Facebook and subscribe via email to be the first to learn when new articles go live. Follow me, Elias Saba, on Twitter and Instagram to see what I'm working on before it's posted here.
ShareTweetShare+1
According to the Main Stream Media consensus, Breitbart.com, a site named after a Jew ( Andrew Breitbart ) whose CEO and President Larry Solov is an Orthodox Jew, is now an openly anti-Semitic publication. Its sin: posting an article by well-known Jewish conservative David Horowitz accusing another Jewish conservative , Bill Kristol, of being a “Renegade Jew” for opposing Trump. Horowitz's argument: the “Never Trump” movement weakens the GOP, which he says is all that stands “between the Jews and their annihilation, and between America and the forces intent on destroying her” [ Bill Kristol: Republican Spoiler, Renegade Jew , May 15, 2016]
Not exactly Der Sturmer. Reading the responses to this piece, however, one would think Breitbart had committed a blood libel against Kristol.. A few examples from the Left:
And, of course, Conservatism Inc. was more than willing to pile on:Almost all these complaints focus on Horowitz's using the term “Renegade Jew” in his headline (which in a defiant follow-up he confirms he wrote himself— Horowitz: No Apologies for Calling Bill Kristol ‘Renegade Jew' , Breitbart, May 16, 2016). Merriam-Webster defines renegade as “a deserter from one faith, cause, or allegiance to another.” Horowitz was clearly calling Kristol a Jew who deserted the Jewish faith and people. However, without any context you might see it as meaning a Jew who was a renegade to America. At worst, then, the title was intentionally provocative—mission accomplished. But the idea that this was naked anti-Semitism is absurd.
Personally, I think Horowitz's argument is lacking. While Horowitz may believe that Trump is the best candidate for the Jewish community, the vast majority of Jewish institutions and personalities from the neoconservatives to the far Left have been hysterically anti-Trump. Trump, of course, has surrounded himself with Jews, his own daughter converted, and many prominent Jews support him. Nonetheless, being a pro-Trump Jew is clearly a minority position.
Furthermore, as an American Jew who does not believe that America's strategic interests always align with the Likud Party, I don't share Horowitz's fear that Hillary will be insufficiently bellicose against “Iran, the Muslim Brotherhood, Hezbollah, ISIS, and Hamas,” who he claims have all “openly sworn to exterminate the Jews.” In fact, ISIS is fighting against Iran, Hezbollah, and Hamas, while it has largely left Israel alone.
That being said, the Left and neoconservatives themselves have regularly accused Jewish Trump supporters of betraying their ethno-religious cause. For example, after Breitbart published a sympathetic profile on the Alt Right by Milo Yiannopoulos (whose mother is Jewish), John Podhoretz tried to shame Jewish Breitbart staffers, particularly Solov and Senior Editor Joel Pollak:
The idea that any Jew would still work at Breitbart after its piece on the alt-Right beggars the imagination. Do you hear me, @joelpollak? — John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) March 31, 2016
Of all the things to carry Andrew's name, a piece respectful of Nazi scum is the worst.SHONDEH,Larry Solov.SHONDEH. https://t.co/keznJejT6v — John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) March 31, 2016
(“Shondeh” is Yiddish for "a great shame.")
So why is this provocative, but obviously not anti-Semitic headline, causing such hysterics?
Because, along with the Drudge Report, Breitbart has been alone as one of the few established outlets on the Right not openly anti-Trump.
Since Trump announced his candidacy, Breitbart has treated him fairly, though it still was positive to other candidates like Ted Cruz and Rand Paul. Overall, Breitbart was far less pro-Trump than National Review, The Blaze, Conservative Review, Independent Journalism Review or any other typical Conservatism Inc. outlet was anti-Trump.
Due to a combination of anger at the Breitbart 's refusal to toe Conservatism Inc.'s Party Line and jealousy—perhaps not coincidentally, Breitbart has solidified its position as the most popular conservative content provider on the internet—it has been mocked as “Trump's Pravda” and Trumpbart.
At the same time, many Breitbart staffers were typical Conservatism Inc. hacks who became upset that the site was insufficiently anti-Trump.
Rather than simply put up with the site's editorial policy or resign, they seized on an even bigger non-story: Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski's allegedly jostling Michelle Fields. Shapiro, Fields, and four other Breitbart Staffers—half of them Jewish—quit the publication.
The entire episode was clearly designed to embarrass both Trump and Breitbart, but it failed spectacularly. To any objective observer who saw the videos, it was clear that, at worst, Lewandowski gently moved Fields's arm out the way. What was more important than the actual story was how Fields, Shapiro, and the other staffer coordinated the attacks with their friends at Leftist websites like Buzzfeed and the Daily Beast.
As an outside observer, I think “jostle-gate” actually helped Breitbart by freeing it from self-interested hacks like Shapiro and Fields. Hopefully these new self-evidently false accusations of anti-Semitism will further embolden the site to free itself from the albatross of Conservatism Inc.
Dare I say—Breitbart may become a Renegade!
County officials in northeastern Wisconsin are teaming up to urge state lawmakers to get more involved in efforts to investigation the impact wind turbines have on the health of those living near them.
Some residents living near wind farms claim the noise and shadows produced by the turbines have had a negative impact on their health, with symptoms that include nausea, headaches, and difficulty sleeping.
Brown County Executive Troy Streckenbach and Kewaunee County Chair Ron Heuer are getting their respective boards to sign onto a letter, which will be sent to legislators. “Our objective here was to basically ask state legislators to do one of two things, to fund a study or allow for local control to be brought back to the local authority for wind farm siting,” said Streckenbach. “That way it allows the communities that are impacted by this to have better local control.”
Streckenbach said the two counties decided to work together on the issue in the hopes of bringing more attention to their concerns. “We realize that if we do this together, perhaps we can get more of a statewide recognition,” said Streckenbach. “There are things happening, and to get the state involved is what we're trying to pursue here.”
Contributed by WTAQ
Thank you to all of our backers for making the Glowing Plant Kickstarter campaign the success that it was. We are deeply appreciative of the trust and support you have shown us. You helped us put Synthetic Biology on the crowdfunding map, now it's up to us to create and deliver the Glowing Plant.
You can keep following us through our official blog, with regular updates and discussion on our Facebook and Twitter pages.
Missed the Kickstarter campaign? You can still support the project with donations at our store, where some of the rewards remain available. We will update this store with other items like the open-source DNA parts we are synthesizing when they become available in late 2013. Donations at this store will count towards our stretch goals until the end of June.
As seen on:
Testimonials
What we are offering:
All backers from the USA who back the project with $40 or more will receive seeds to grow a glowing plant at home. Once we have the plant, it is just a matter of breeding enough offspring to grow seeds for all backers. You can expect around 50-100 small seeds in the packet.
***Update - We met our stretch goal. If you back the project at the $150 we will ship you a glowing rose as well when it's completed. Delivery will be 6-12 months after the delivery of the glowing plant***
For those outside the USA we are waiving additional international shipping charges to compensate for not being able to send you the seeds. If you get the book and write to us after the project we will also send you a vial of the DNA that way if it's legal in your country (your responsibility to check) and you can source the other ingredients (eg Agrobacterium) you can follow the instructions in the book and make your own plant.
* See Risks and Challenges section regarding release of seeds.
The team making this happen
Help Spread the Word about the Glowing Plant project:
·Follow us on Twitter (http://twitter.com/glowingplant)
·Like us on Facebook (http://facebook.com/glowingplant)
·Email your friends our blog (http://www.glowingplant.com)
·Tweet about the project - click here for a sample tweet!
Please back the project and tell everyone know to help spread the word!
Thank You for Your Support - We Hope You'll Join Us in Making this Project Successful!
Additional information:
What is Synthetic Biology?
All living organisms contain an instruction set that determines what they look like and what they do. These instructions are encoded in the organisms's DNA — long and complex strings of molecules embedded in every living cell. This is an organism's genetic code (or “genome”).
Humans have been altering the genetic code of plants and animals for millennia, by selectively breeding individuals with desirable features. As biotechnologists have learned more about how to read and manipulate this code, they have begun to take genetic information associated with useful features from one organism, and add it into another one. This is the basis of genetic engineering, and has allowed researchers to speed up the process of developing new breeds of plants and animals.
More recently we have learnt how to make new sequences of DNA from scratch. By combining these techniques with the principles of modern engineering, scientists can now use computers and laboratory chemicals to design organisms that do new things.
This is the essence of synthetic biology and it's potential is tremendous – we can use it to produce cheaper, more efficient biofuels, to excrete the precursors of medical drugs or create new plants which naturally glow.
Why do we need your help?
We've already invested our own time and money into the project developing the DNA designs, finding partners to help execute and investigating the legal ramifications but don't have the financial resources to print the DNA and complete the transformations ourselves.
By backing this project you can help create the world's first naturally glowing plant available to the public. Inspire others to become interested in synthetic biology and receive some awesome rewards in the process.
What will you use the funds for?
We are using Synthetic Biology techniques and Genome Compiler's software to insert bioluminescence genes into Arabidopsis, a small flowering plant and member of the mustard family, to make a plant that visibly glows in the dark (it is inedible).
Funds raised will be used to print the DNA sequences we have designed using Genome Compiler and to transform the plants by inserting these sequences into the plant and then growing the resultant plant in the lab.
Printing DNA costs a minimum of 25 cents per base pair and our sequences are about 10,000 base pairs long. We plan to print a number of sequences so that we can test the results of trying different promoters – this will allow us to optimize the result. We will be printing our DNA with Cambrian Genomics who have developed a revolutionary laser printing system that massively reduces the cost of DNA synthesis.
Transforming the plant will initially be done using the Agrobacterium method. Our printed DNA will be inserted into a special type of bacteria which can insert its DNA into the plant. Flowers of the plant are then dipped into a solution containing the transformed bacteria. The bacteria inject our DNA into the cell nucleus of the flowers which pass it onto their seeds which we can grow until they glow! You can see this process in action in our video.
Once we have proven the designs work we will then insert the same gene sequence into the plant using a gene gun. This is more complicated, as there's a risk the gene sequence gets scrambled, but the result will be unregulated by the USDA and thus suitable for release.
Funds raised will also be used to support our work to develop an open policy framework for DIY Bio work involving recombinant DNA. This framework will provide guidelines to help others who are inspired by this project navigate the regulatory and social challenges inherent in community based synthetic biology. The framework will include recommendations for what kinds of projects are safe for DIY Bio enthusiasts and recommendations for the processes which should be put in place (such as getting experts to review the plans).
Why now?
Recent advances in the field of synthetic biology, such as Genome Compiler's software and Cambrian Genomics DNA printing hardware, have brought the cost and complexity of genetically engineering new organisms within reach of amateurs:
Amazing exponential drop in costs of synthetic biology
As the chart shows, the costs continue to fall, and within a few years thousands of DIY Bio enthusiasts will be using Citizen Science to inspire their own creations. We want to create a signature project which inspires them and demonstrates to the world what's already possible with a little creativity and imagination.
Is this legal?
Yes it is! There are three federal agencies which regulate Genetically Modified organisms in the US, each with a different remit for public safety:
USDA regulates plant and agriculture impact through APHIS and are the most relevant for our project. We've been in touch with them to understand and address their main concerns which are mainly related to the introduction of potential plant pests. After more than 15 years working with genetically engineered crops they have established a set of guidelines for what needs additional testing, and what doesn't. So long as we meet all their requirements we can safely release the plant. One of their inputs was that we should use the gene-gun technique to transform our plants, instead of Agrobacterium.
EPA regulates new uses of pesticides - many GMO's introduce pesticide or herbicide resistance to their plants (either as a selection agent or as an intended outcome). We have elected not to do this, as we can use the glowing effect as a marker, so will not need to go through their testing procedures.
FDA regulates food and feedstock implications and requires extensive testing to make sure the product is safe if this is the case. Because our plant is strictly ornamental and not for consumption by animals or humans we do not have to go through this testing.
We will continue to liaise with the federal agencies, especially APHIS, as the project develops to ensure we are compliant with the frameworks they have put in place to protect the public.
Regrettably the European Union has tighter restrictions in place so we can't send seeds there as a reward.
Is this safe?
The head of Genetics at Harvard Medical School, George Church, who works extensively on engineering biosafety described our project as 'as safe as it gets'. We are introducing non-pathogenic, non-toxic, well categorized genes to a model plant which is well understood by biologists and which will not survive very well in the environment.
In the lab we will comply with all NIH guidelines on recombinant DNA research. Our work is graded at Biosafety Level 1, which is the lowest level of risk.
What is Genome Compiler?
Genome Compiler is software, designed by Omri and his team, which allows a user to easily design genetic sequences and order them online. The software includes a large database of genetic parts and a beautiful interface so you can easily combine them to create your desired results.
What is Cambrian Genomics?
At Cambrian Genomics Austen and his team make the first commercial hardware/systems for laser printing DNA. Presently, researchers in academia and industry order or clone >$1b/year of DNA. Cambrian plans to deliver high quality sequence verified DNA to buyers in this existing/growing worldwide market.
What is Project Cyborg?
Currently being developed by the Bio/Nano/Programmable Group at Autodesk Research, Project Cyborg is a cloud-based meta-platform of design tools for programming matter across domains and scales. Project Cyborg provides elastic cloud-based computation in a web-based CAD shell for services such as modeling, simulation and multi-objective design optimization. Project Cyborg allows individuals or groups to create specialized design platforms specific for their domains, whatever their domains happen to be, from nanoparticle design to tissue engineering, to human-scale self-assembling manufacturing.
Who made your video?
The video was made by Rick Symonds, who is based on San Francisco. You can see more of his work and contact him at www.ricksymonds.com.
Video Music: "The March" by LIGHTS & MOTION Courtesy of Deep Elm Records www.deepelm.com/lightsandmotion
Where can I get more information?
Want to know more? Just give us a call +1-415-779-6333 or email antony at glowing plant dot com.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The mother of the woman has blamed the NHS, claiming her daughter's depression led to her early death.
Synestra DeCourcy died after a twenty-one hour drugs binge, an inquest into her death found.
Ms DeCourcy has been partying with boyfriend Jonathan Palmer at transgender and drag club WayOut in central London.
Afterwards, the pair went to stay at a friend's flat and continued to consume alcohol and take drugs.
Shortly before 7pm on the following evening, Mr Palmer awoke to find his girlfriend unconscious. She was pronounced dead ten minutes later.
An inquest found that she had taken both cocaine and mephedrone in the hours leading up to her death.
Ms DeCourcy – who had been studying cosmetic science at the University of the Arts – had been treated for anxiety and GBL dependency in the months leading up to her death.
It was difficulties with the NHS that caused her to fall into drug addiction, according to her mother.
Speaking outside of court, she said the health service was partly to blame for her daughter's death.
“I think part of her depression and Synestra's struggle was the effect of trying to get the GPs to take her seriously and to refer her,” she said.
“There is definitely discrimination in the NHS. I know there is work being done by politicians to change this, and transgenderism is being looked at as an issue.”
Two days after her death on July 26 this year, Ms DeCourcy received a letter from the NHS giving a date for a full gender reassignment operation.
Her mother said she was in “no way” considering suicide, and that her drug use came as a result of her depression.
“It is likely she died from a mephedrone and cocaine toxicity,” said senior coroner Mary Hassell.
“It is not necessarily about the amounts of the drug, but the effects on the heart. Just taking it can stop the heart suddenly.”
She recorded a verdict of drug-related death.
When Mauricio Pochettino left Southampton in May, few could have imagined that the supposed sinking ship he was deserting would be more buoyant than Tottenham Hotspur by the time of Sunday's reunion at White Hart Lane. Can a club lose their chairman, their manager and five key players but emerge stronger? This is the extraordinary nine-month story of how Southampton's vision defied the pundits and overcame boardroom turmoil, broken promises and a dressing-room exodus.
The morning of Monday, May 26, 2014, will not be easily forgotten inside St Mary's. Fifteen days earlier and Southampton had just recorded their highest Premier League finish of eighth but any joy at what had just gone was tempered by the uncertainty of what might lie ahead.
The offer of an improved contract had sat unsigned on Mauricio Pochettino's desk for two months and Southampton were left waiting to discover whether he would stay. Headlines reporting Tottenham Hotspur 's desire to approach him were across the national newspapers but Pochettino had been categorical. He did not want to join Tottenham. He just needed time to decide whether to stay at Southampton after the departure of chairman Nicola Cortese in January. By the meeting of May 26, he was finally ready. He wanted to leave. Pochettino was asked again about Tottenham. He reiterated that he was not intending to join Tottenham.
Southampton's reaction was that they would move on but the issue of compensation needed addressing. If he was not quitting for another job, Pochettino's contract made him personally liable for £2 million, rather than his future employers.
Pochettino left to digest that information and, shortly after, as if by magic, Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy telephoned to make his first approach to Southampton. By the end of some heated negotiations over the compensation that was also due for Pochettino's backroom team, Tottenham had their man and Southampton had a cheque for about £2.5 million. Southampton did feel let down and misled but any sense of crisis was an emotion being felt outside rather than inside St Mary's.
Les Reed, the club's football director, had already drawn up an analysis of the strengths, weaknesses and compatibility to Southampton's philosophy of six candidates. Ronald Koeman topped the list from the beginning to end of the subsequent process. As well as his track record for developing young players and the style of football that he would promote, Southampton also knew that the influence of restless senior players would mean that they needed a figurehead with instant dressing-room authority. When you are trying to persuade footballers to buy into a project being portrayed as in meltdown, it is handy to have someone with Koeman's CV arriving in the dugout.
The preparation that had gone into the succession planning was just one consequence of a structure at Southampton that had underpinned a rise of 66 places up the Football League pyramid over the past five years. It was a structure that has also proved sufficiently robust to not just withstand the departure of the chairman, the manager and five leading players in the space of seven months but continue even to move forward. Southampton were ninth in the Premier League table when Cortese left. As they prepare to face Pochettino's Tottenham for the first time, they are second. The supposed sinking ship has been gathering buoyancy by the week.
It has become easy to simply say that they are the story of the season and that their development of young players is an example to the world. What is rather less well understood is the specific strategies and infrastructure that have made this happen. The core reason is that the club's methods and intellectual property are not concentrated in any individual.
In speaking at the Leaders in Football conference last October, Cortese raised eyebrows when he described Pochettino as "a department head like any other". The irony that was perhaps lost on Cortese is that this statement applied to himself as much as anyone else. Aside from Koeman and his first-team staff, there is essentially now a three-tiered structure. There is chairman Ralph Krueger, an expert in motivation and leadership who is the proxy to owner Katharina Liebherr. There is the chief executive Gareth Rogers and his team.
Then there is the football development centre headed by Reed. If there have been heroes at Southampton in 2014, it has been Reed and a technical department that, from under-eights up to the first-team, have continued to implement a playing style and standards in coaching, medicine and analytics that are founded on best practice across the globe. Reed's travels in the past decade have taken him everywhere from the Royal Ballet and Barcelona's fabled La Masia academy to Bayern Munich and Nick Bollettieri's tennis school in Florida.
Supported by the head of recruitment Paul Mitchell, Reed has stuck to his vision regardless of all the many dramas that were unfolding around him. You need to spend only a few minutes at the club's £30 million training centre on the edge of the New Forest to sense the attention to detail. The 12 practice pitches vary in composition because Premier League clubs all use different turf. Each morning, the players take tests relating to how they feel, how well hydrated they are and how they have slept before even contemplating training.
The emphasis is not on medical remedies but prevention. The club have various research collaborations outside of professional sport, including with Oxford University into hip and hamstring injuries. The end result has been a base that is not only continuing to produce players but is transforming the careers of established professionals who have arrived later in their careers. Nathaniel Clyne, Jay Rodriguez, Jack Cork, Steven Davis, Rickie Lambert and now Ryan Bertrand are prime examples.
Inside Southampton's training centre is also what is known as the ‘black-box', a room where every game and player is analysed from leagues across the world. Comprehensive checks are then done into their personality, family, friends, lifestyle and training habits.
Koeman and Reed already know the players they want to sign next summer.
Huge credit for this structure also rests with Cortese. In using the investment of the late Markus Liebherr to rebuild the club following administration in 2009, his standards and demands stretched well beyond most normal comprehension.
One staff member can recall how Cortese would keep changing the precise position of the walls inside the gym when it was being built. The turnover of employees was considerable. By the end, there was a feeling that this obsessive search for perfection had spiralled out of control and that he had got too involved on the football side of the club.
The signings of Gaston Ramirez and Pablo Osvaldo had raised questions. Cortese's resistance to ceding control had made Liebherr nervous. She wanted to become more involved and, given that she was paying Cortese a salary that totalled £1,965,511 in his final full season, felt her requests were reasonable.
Cortese thought that previous assurances were being reneged upon and the relationship collapsed. A rather more conventional structure has emerged. The directors set the budget and do not comment on football matters. Liebherr did not request that a single player be sold this summer but, after about £60 million in loans, she does want the club to become financially sustainable. They entered the transfer window with the attitude that nobody needed to leave but conscious that sales were inevitable as three of England's four Champions League clubs were prepared to pay big money for their players. The easiest deal was Lambert. Southampton respected his wish to join Liverpool, his boyhood club, and they were delighted to get £4 million for a player approaching the end of his career. They also felt Lambert behaved with complete respect.
Adam Lallana was rather different. He had been with Southampton since the age of 12 and was the club captain. In winning four awards at the Player of the Year dinner, Lallana spoke publicly of how Southampton meant the world to him and suggested he wanted to stay. Liverpool's first offer arrived shortly after and, according to one source, Lallana "flipped like a burger" once he knew that they were in for him. Southampton then felt that Lallana behaved arrogantly in pushing to leave. For his part, it is understood that Lallana felt the club were not communicating with him about his future plans. The club waited until Koeman was in place and the World Cup was over before making final decisions and, after turning down several offers, agreed a £25 million fee with Liverpool.
- Jeremy Wilson: Rating Saints' new players v sold players
The Luke Shaw deal was similar but without the bad feeling. Manchester United's opening bid was £18 million. Southampton were happy to say ‘no' and confident that Shaw would not be a problem if he stayed. By the time the offer reached £28 million rising to £32 million, they felt almost obliged to say ‘yes' to Ed Woodward for player in whom they had their own concerns about diet, fitness and preparation. There was never any counter offer from Chelsea.
The plan was that there would be no more sales but then Arsenal requested a meeting. Despite the expectation of a bid for Morgan Schneiderlin, Arsène Wenger was clear that he wanted Calum Chambers.
Southampton's board remained reluctant to sell until both Koeman and Reed agreed that £16 million was a positive deal for a player regarded internally as the second choice right-back to Clyne. After Lallana, Dejan Lovren was the next biggest disappointment in how he pushed for his move and it was ultimately decided that £20 million for a player who had cost £8 million 12 months earlier was not such a disaster.
Krueger would then come out publicly to say that no one else would be leaving. A £10 million bid had been made by Tottenham for Schneiderlin in the belief that he had a release clause. Schneiderlin thought this had been agreed with Cortese when he signed a contract extension the previous year. It left a difficult situation to manage but, after sounding off on Twitter, Schneiderlin met with Koeman and Krueger at the club's training ground. He was advised to think about how his career might be affected by any refusal to play. He was given two days off to clear his head, returned fully focused and has been Southampton's best player so far this season.
Tottenham never returned with another bid once it becomes clear that there was no release clause.
At no stage was Rodriguez the subject of an offer and nor did he ask to be kept informed of any interest. Although saying ‘no' to Schneiderlin was perceived as the turning point, the deals to sign Bertrand and Fraser Forster were regarded as the most pivotal inside the club. The outside perception of ‘meltdown' had caused reservations among some transfer targets. Yet once Bertrand and Forster arrived, other deals suddenly became easier to complete. The tide had turned.
Graziano Pelle was recommended by Koeman. Bertrand, Forster, Toby Alderweireld, Shane Long, Florin Gardos and Sadio Mane had been long-term targets. Both Koeman and the club had already suggested Dusan Tadic. The feeling inside Southampton now is that the squad is stronger from top to bottom than at the start of the summer. The club's bank balance is also about £30 million healthier.
Staff report that St Mary's is a happier place. There have been other subtle but important changes. The experiment with an all red kit has ended. The stripes are back. Certain club legends, notably Matthew Le Tissier and Francis Benali, feel welcome again at the stadium. Power at the top of the club is more evenly spread.
Yet the best bits of Cortese's extraordinary tenure are acknowledged, safeguarded and being built upon. The infrastructure and culture of the club was transformed under his leadership but there is a sense that he also did not tap into other vast strengths of the club. This present run of six straight wins was beyond anybody's expectations. Equally, at no stage during the summer did Koeman and the board of directors thinks that the season would unravel.
There are no delusions of grandeur. Southampton knows that their revenues do not allow them to compete financially with the very best and they also recognise that, should their success continue, players and coaching staff will continue to be in demand elsewhere. That reality has even been discussed and the consensus is that they should embrace it as proof that they are continuing to get things right. For there is a wider aim. To be the most professional and best run football club in the country.
Southampton's marketing slogan this season is simple: We March On.
They have, and then some.
IN ENGLISH:As the topic came up again... I decided to share Pötyi's story...So I have a great story for CAT "owners" about cat foodPötyi, my 10 year old gentlecat, who decided to share his life with me in the last 6 years, is eating vegan for more than a year now.It was a relatively hard decision to make as we were really concerned about his health... For 6 month we were just arguing and researching...BUT finally we made a decision to try it out (with AMICAT).!!!!!AND We went to the vet couple of weeks ago to make a full check up on him (blood test included).SURE we could see that he is healthy and active, and his gums healed, etc etc... BUT we wanted to know for sure.SO, the full check and blood test has been made... (we didnt say he is eating vegan). The vet came in and said how extremely healthy our cat is. And she kept asking what do we feed him. We tried to avoid answering... But she insisted... Finally we told her...The vet literally dropped her jaw when she learned that Pötyi is eating vegan... She said that he is extremely healthy, (she even mentioned some enzyme which is "normally" very low in elderly cats, but in him its like with young cats)!She also mentioned something I HAVE never heard of... Apparently there are many cats allergic to Animal protein... :O So she asked for the brand and where did we buy it. She said she will start to recommend it to cat "owners"... I asked her to consider recommending it not just to allergic cats... as Spotty also not allergic.So here is a pic of the test result and Pötyi, below.SO if you live with a cat, and you dont feel good about feeding him/her with other animals, then...It may finally put an end to the "vegan" cat issue...:I would like to clarify some stuff also:* No, his personality did NOT change since he eats vegan... He is active, playful, outgoing and just as "predatory" as before (whatever it supposes to mean)* No, I do NOT follow or monitor him, when he goes outside, but to the best of my knowledge he is not eating his pray (he never did). He brings them to me as presents... Thankfully not too often... :/* No, there is no vegan cat, BUT yes, cats can live healthy (apparently extremely healthy) on a vegan diet :)* Cats do not need meat to survive. Technically speaking, cats need a specific assemblage of nutrients which meet all of their dietary needs. Chief among these are taurine, arachidonic acid, pyroxidine, methionine, and vitamin A. Now, if modern science could provide a way to deliver these nutrients from pure vegetable source, without the need for killing animals in horrific slaughterhouse conditions, would this be such a terrible thing?* The commercial meat-based pet food industry creates a 'food' that is so far removed from the natural diet of the ancestor of the common housecat, and one that is so lacking in the essential nutrients that a cat needs, that they must supplement their product with the very same nutrients that vegan cat food manufacturers add to their products (taurine, vitamins, minerals, etc...). But dont believe me, go read the label on your meat based cat food.* I have 4 friends who feed their cats for 3, 5 and 8 years with a vegan diet. And there is one among them who has a shelter with over 20 cats and they are all on a vegan diet for 6-8 years now. They all reported and regularly checked by veterinarian. They are all healthy, Yes science is amazing... :)The product: (Italian)http://www.amipetfood.com/en/products/products-for-cats/amicatMivel megint feljött a vegán cicák krdése ugy döntöttem itt az ideje hogy megosszam Pötyi történetét.On the picture below: Taškas means Pötyi in Lithuanian :) They have troubles with pronouncing "ö" and "ty", so his name was translated to Lithuanian for the vet.
We all love looking at photos of beautiful bikes — after all, ogling a stunning frame is the next best thing to actually being out riding. But here at CyclingTips we come across far too many bike photos that have been spoiled by poor background choice, incorrect bike setup and even basic things like improper valve stem placement.
While anyone can prop a bike up against a brick wall and take a quick snap with their smartphone, there's a real art to capturing a drool-worthy shot of your prized steed. With that in mind, here are our tips on how to take the best bike-related photos you possibly can.
Follow our advice and you'll be Insta-famous in no time.
Preparing the bike
To capture your bike at its very best you'll need to invest a bit of time pre-ride, setting up your steed in the most photogenic manner possible:
Tyre logos and tube valves must be aligned: Whenever you're putting a new set of tyres on your bike, ensure that the hole for the tube valve is lined up with the middle of any tyre logos. This will ensure a symmetrical alignment between tyre and tube and should also bring tyre and rim logos into line.
Gum sidewalls look best: Go for gum-walled tyres whenever possible. They're what the pros use and that's all you need to know.
Keep your saddle flat: If you post a photo of your bike with the saddle tilted at some ridiculous angle — or any angle beyond flat, really — it's going to distract your audience. The beauty of the bike will be lost as people try to work out how you manage to sit on the bike without doing lasting damage to your undercarriage (tilted up) or how you manage to even stay on the saddle (tilted down). Keep your saddle flat!
Slam that stem: If you've got more than 10mm worth of spacers underneath your stem, you're doing it wrong. Slam that stem! And don't forget to cut the steerer tube to ensure you don't have an ugly (and potentially dangerous) chimney stack protruding from your stem. You'll reduce your chances of selling the bike by 90% but it'll totally be worth it.
No ‘stiffies': Speaking of unsightly protrusions, your stem should not extend from your steerer tube at an angle of any more than 1°. A flat stem is pro; one with a negative drop is even more so. Anything else will be referred to by your giggling mates as a ‘happy stem' … behind your back.
Clean the bike: You can't expect anyone to drool over your beautiful ride if it's covered in dust from last weekend's gravel ride, if there's an unsightly build-up of grease and other gunk in the cassette or if your bartape has unwrapped itself from your bars. Take some pride in your bike — give it a good clean before presenting it to the world and pay particular attention to the chain!
Location, location, location
Now that your bike is up to scratch, it's time to find somewhere to shoot. Sure, you could take the photo anywhere but if you're looking for something aesthetically satisfying and Insta-worthy here's our advice:
Pick the right wall for your #BAAW: Your standard bikeporn shot features a bike leaning against some inanimate object, usually a wall, hence the rise of the increasingly popular Instagram hashtag #BAAW (“bike against a wall”). While it might seem easy, there's a real art to picking the right wall to shoot your bike in front of.
Make sure the wall and the ground in front of it is clean. No one wants to see your bike sitting in a pile of broken grass, just like they don't want to be distracted by a dirty wall with weeds growing out of the cracks between bricks. Pick something nice and clean.
While the wall should be clean, it also shouldn't be dull. Pick something with a bit of colour or an interesting design element — graffiti is always a good bet, so long as it's the street art variety rather than the'm-going-to-tag-every-surface-in-this-city variety.
Don't let the wall overpower your bike: You want to shoot your bike in front of an interesting background but not one that's too interesting. You don't want people to ignore your bike completely and start talking about how great the street art is … unless of course you have an ugly bike. If that's the case, find the most amazing piece of street art you can.
No #BAAW, no worries: If you're suddenly struck by the urge to take a photo of your bike but there's no Banksy-adorned brick wall to prop it up against, fear not. A fence post may be used in a rural setting, for instance, so long as the backdrop is suitably impressive. A photo of your bike parked in front of a sprawling landscape of rolling green hills is fine; that same bike propped against a lamp post in front of a dirty great big gravel carpark: not so much.
Setting up
You've got your backdrop sorted and now it's time to get your bike into the right spot, ready to shoot.
Don't prop your bike up with just anything: Sometimes you want to take photos of your bike in an open area to take advantage of an interesting background element. This will mean there's no wall or post to lean your bike against, in which case you'll need to be creative with how you set up the bike.
Your best option is to get a friend to help you. While you get ready to take the shot, get your friend to hold the bike in position and then pull their hands away as you fire off a couple of quick shots. This is known as “ghosty-ing” and will make it look like the bike is free-standing. (Pro tip: make sure your friend catches the bike before it hits the ground.)
Here's how it's done:
If you're on your own, use a clear perspex rod jammed between the non-drive-side crankbolt and the ground at enough of an angle to hold the bike upright. A stick can also be used as a last resort, as too can a small bike stand (as in the feature image) or a bidon.
If you're using an SLR camera (as opposed to your smartphone) and you want to blur out the background, be sure to use a shallow depth of field (a low f-stop number).
Remove anything that breaks the nice clean lines of the bike: Before you take your photo be sure to remove your saddlebag, lights, bell, track pump, bidons (unless they're part of the bike's retro theme, say) and anything else that distracts from the bike's natural beauty. That includes those horrible plastic discs that ship with new bikes.
Put it in the big ring: This is arguably the golden rule of taking bike photos. Always put it in the big ring. You don't want people to think you've been rolling around in the small chainring, do you?
Put it in the smallest cog: Nobody is going to be impressed if your bike is in the big ring and the 28T at the back. Ensure the chain is on the smallest cog at the back. There is one exception to this — mechanics often leave the pros' bikes in the 53×15 after cleaning them so this setup is fine for you to use as well.
Drive-side out: Don't make the rookie mistake of having the non-drive-side facing the camera — we should be able to see the large chainring (with chain attached) in all its glory, not obscured by the frame.
Put your cranks in the proper position: You have exactly two options when it comes to crank position: the drive-side crank at 3 o'clock (horizontally to the right from the bottom bracket) or closer to 4 o'clock, ensuring that the crank continues the line traced by the drive-side chainstay.
Line up your valve stems properly: As with cranks, there are two acceptable options when it comes to positioning your valve stems: a) rotate both wheels so each valve stem is at exactly 6 o'clock (sticking straight up), or b) hide the front valve stem behind the fork and the the back valve stem behind the seatstay. Nothing says “bike photo rookie” like valve stems left in random and unmatched positions … except for valve stems left in random and unmatched positions with valve caps still attached …
Tuck your skewers out of the way: You don't want to come this far and then make a mess of your photo thanks to sloppy skewer placement. Make sure your front skewer is either parallel to the front fork, or tucked just in behind it. Your rear skewer needs to either be parallel to the chainstay or positioned halfway between the chainstay and the seatstay.
***
With all of that done, you're ready to go ahead and shoot. Be sure to take dozens of photos of your bike and spend the next coffee stop ignoring all attempts at conversation from your mates as you upload every single image to Instagram.
In this translated interview, originally appearing on Russian portal championat.com, Islanders prospect Ilya Sorokin talks about being part of Team Russia, discusses current season and confirms that he wants to play in the NHL.
* For the original interview by Dmitry Groshev, click here.
– First of all, congrats for your call to the National team. It isn't all that usual to see a 19-years-old playing for Team Russia. What are your impressions?
– Thank you! At first, I couldn't believe [to get called to Team Russia]. Then, once I realized it, I was very happy. I know that this is just a sort of try-out, but I'll try to do my best.
– The psychological aspect is very important at your age. And recently, Metallurg Novokuznetsk's head coach German Titov said that he doesn't want to psychologically load you too much. In what conditions do you find yourself?
– I agree, it's an important aspect. I'm working hard during practices and I work with a psychologist. I think that all will be good. I try not to exaggerate and do my job at its best.
– Goalkeepers are usually special characters. Why did you choose to play in goal?
– For the first two years I have been a skater. But I always loved the way goalies stop the puck. So I moved to the crease. And I discovered that allowing a goal is truly bad (laughs). Sometimes an allowed goal makes me think too much and draws away my attention from the game, but I'm working on this aspect.
– What is the main task for a goalie after an allowed goal?
– Force yourself to think that the game is still 0-0. Focus on the game to play better. Unfortunately it doesn't work every time. Probably it's a matter of age and experience.
– Do you have any goalie idol?
– No, I don't have idols, I have people I try to study from. For example, our fellow townsman Sergei Bobrovsky.
– Novokuznetsk has a good young team, and you play there for long time already. How are things going in Novokuznetsk?
– I play for “Kuznya” since I was 12. I played for them in kid's hockey, then in the MHL. Last year I had my KHL debut. Our team plays hard every game. Our goal is to get to the playoffs.
– Metallurg Novokuznetsk's head coach is German Titov, who played almost 10 years in the NHL and won a number of medals on the international stage with Team Russia. How is he as a coach?
– With him, it doesn't matter how big of a contract you have or what is your position on the team's depth chart when it comes to game discipline. If you don't follow the game plan, someone else is going to play instead of you, even a junior, if necessary. He often talks with the players, but the discussions don't get out of the locker room.
– This is already your second season in the KHL and now you're even a part of the national team. Are you used to feel yourself into men's hockey?
– Hard to say, it's just the start for me. Of course, being called to the national team is something special, even if I played with the junior national team already. But the [senior national] team is another level.
– How did you feel practicing with Kovalchuk and Radulov?
– It's great! They are great, they are stars. You always have a lot of motivation with such players. Considering how many goals they scored on me, I think that they will have to change the nets (laughs).
– Team Russia's head coach Oleg Znarok told the press that you're going to play the game against the Czech Republic at the Karjala Cup. Did you talk with him?
– Not yet. I'll be glad to play against any opponent.
– How are you going to prepare for the game?
– We'll watch a couple of their games, and the coaches will tell me what should I focus on.
– Let's talk about another important event in your life. Last year you have been drafted by the New York Islanders with the 78th overall pick. What did you feel?
– It has been a pleasant surprise. I didn't expect to be selected that early. Of course I was very happy!
– Did you talk with the Islanders after the draft?
– They talked with my agent and invited me to their camp.
– Why didn't you move there?
– I am under contract with Novokuznetsk for two more years. I don't want to abandon my team now. At first I should show that I can be the first goalie for Metallurg Novokuznetsk. Going to the NHL not ready is a non-sense. Everyone needs his time. I should grow stronger at home, then we'll see.
– Other Russian goalies Andrey Makarov and Vasilevsky are now playing in the AHL. They can get some experience there too.
– I'm sure that all will be great for them. But I have my own path. I talked with my coaches and parents. I was more oriented toward staying in Russia at first, and they supported me.
– But you still want to play in the NHL, right?
– Of course! But you need to be ready in every aspect of the game. Of course, I'm ready to play in the AHL too when that time comes.
– By the way, Andrey Makarov, during the Sabres training camp, when he was asked about his goaltending style, he replied “stop-everything-that-moves”. What would you reply to the same question?
– I agree with Andrey one hundred percent. He replied very accurately. Each goalie should have such a style.
– What is the worst goal you ever allowed?
– Two years ago, during the preseason, we were playing against Ufa. I stopped a very strong shot, and the puck went flying in front of me. So I decided to glove the puck, but somehow when I was swinging the arm, the puck hit the collar of my glove and went in. In the locker room I was nicknamed “tennis player”. My coach told me not to give up because it won't be the last (laughs).
– And what was your best save?
– Hm, well, a lucky save I had last year against Traktor Chelyabinsk. It was a two-on-one rush, they pass the puck on the other end of the crease, it was fairly far, so I stretched out and the forward shoots right on my stick. It was just luck. But of course, my best save is yet to come!
– Last question: what are your goals for this season?
– I need to show every game that I am a KHL level goalie, play well with Team Russia at the Euro Hockey Tour and get a WJC spot. I think that's enough for this year!
Have you ever wanted to know how you can check to see if your AT&T account is eligible for an iPhone upgrade? You can instantly check your AT&T iPhone upgrade eligibility by dialing a simple short code on your phone.
This is super easy, here is how you can check your iPhone upgrade eligibility with AT&T:
Open the “Phone” app on your iPhone and go to the number keypad Dial *639# and press the call button Wait a moment and you will get a text message from AT&T notifying you of your iPhone upgrade eligibility
A text message will arrive to the iPhone letting you know what the upgrade eligibility status of the phone and line is.
Now here's the interesting part, many people seem to be pushed into the upgrade option if there is a newly released iPhone. Usually this means signing a contract, or trading in the old phone, but it varies per plan.
Assuming you're eligible (everyone I know who has tested this has been, all waiving the $18 fee), you'll get a text that says something like the following:
As a valued customer, we can offer you an upgrade with a new 2-yr commitment and waive the $18 upgrade fee
Or you might see an upgrade eligibility text that says something like this:
This line is upgrade eligible. Before upgrading your phone, be sure to back it up to make it easier to transfer content to your new phone. Go to Settings on your phone to learn how.
If the phone is upgrade eligible, you can get the new iPhone upgrade through AT&T, an authorized retailer, or through Apple.
For example, according to Steve Jobs at WWDC in 2010, if your AT&T contract expireed anytime in 2010, you were eligible for an iPhone 4 upgrade. Maybe it's because I'm a graphics nerd, but the A4 processor combined with the new iPhone 4G increased screen resolution and pixel density really tempted me to that upgrade… and I regularly get a new iPhone anytime it's released because of my interest in being an early adopter plus my job.
If you're curious, check out the iPhone availability and pricing for the model you are interested in, then see if you're eligible for an upgrade. If the iPhone is subsidized they usually start around $199 with a renewed AT&T contract, otherwise the monthly payment plans are often $15 a month or so tacked onto a normal bill. It varies, so dial that *639# number to find out!
Hand Info View HTML Version (for forums accepting HTML) View BB Version (for forums accepting BB Code) Hand Information Game: No Limit Blind: $0.01/ $0.02 Hand History converter courtesy of pokerhandreplays.com
Table Information Seat1: celestine ($0.66) Seat3: rhinokase ($1.87) Seat4: lvart ($7.24) Seat5: Hero ($4.42) Dealer Seat6: imnottilting ($3.82) Small Blind Seat7: gcdoom120 ($4.02) Big Blind Seat9: levon55 ($1.18) Seat10: spaceman47 ($2.51) Dealt to Hero
Preflop (Pot:0.03) levon55 CALL $0.02 spaceman47 FOLD celestine CALL $0.02 rhinokase CALL $0.02 lvart FOLD Hero RAISE $0.08 imnottilting RAISE $0.32 gcdoom120 FOLD levon55 FOLD celestine CALL $0.30 rhinokase FOLD Hero CALL $0.24
Flop (Pot: $1.03)
imnottilting BET $1.02 celestine FOLD Hero CALL $1.02
Turn (Pot: $3.07)
imnottilting ALL-IN $2.47 Hero FOLD
Showdown:
imnottilting MUCKS
imnottilting wins the pot: $5.54 [b]Hand Information[/b] No Limit, 0.02 BB (8 handed). Hand History converter courtesy of pokerhandreplays.com [b]Table Information[/b] Seat: 1 celestine ($0.66) Seat: 3 rhinokase ($1.87) Seat: 4 lvart ($7.24) Seat: 5 [color=Red]Hero[/color] ($4.42) Dealer Seat: 6 imnottilting ($3.82) Small Blind Seat: 7 gcdoom120 ($4.02) Big Blind Seat: 9 levon55 ($1.18) Seat: 10 spaceman47 ($2.51) Dealt to [color=Red]Hero[/color] [img]http://www.pokerhandreplays.com/images/poker_image/QH.png[/img] [img]http://www.pokerhandreplays.com/images/poker_image/QS.png[/img] [b]Preflop[/b] (Pot:0.03) levon55 [i]CALL[/i] $0.02 spaceman47 [i]FOLD[/i] celestine [i]CALL[/i] $0.02 rhinokase [i]CALL[/i] $0.02 lvart [i]FOLD[/i] [color=Red]Hero[/color] [i]RAISE[/i] $0.08 imnottilting [i]RAISE[/i] $0.32 gcdoom120 [i]FOLD[/i] levon55 [i]FOLD[/i] celestine [i]CALL[/i] $0.3 rhinokase [i]FOLD[/i] [color=Red]Hero[/color] [i]CALL[/i] $0.24 [b]Flop[/b](Pot: $1.03) [img]http://www.pokerhandreplays.com/images/poker_image/QD.png[/img] [img]http://www.pokerhandreplays.com/images/poker_image/6D.png[/img] [img]http://www.pokerhandreplays.com/images/poker_image/KD.png[/img] imnottilting [i]BET[/i] $1.02 celestine [i]FOLD[/i] [color=Red]Hero[/color] [i]CALL[/i] $1.02 [b]Turn[/b](Pot: $3.07) [img]http://www.pokerhandreplays.com/images/poker_image/QD.png[/img] [img]http://www.pokerhandreplays.com/images/poker_image/6D.png[/img] [img]http://www.pokerhandreplays.com/images/poker_image/KD.png[/img] [img]http://www.pokerhandreplays.com/images/poker_image/3H.png[/img] imnottilting [i]ALL-IN[/i] [color=Red]Hero[/color] [i]FOLD[/i] [b]Showdown[/b]: imnottilting MUCKS imnottilting wins the pot: $5.54
Two hours of previously unreleased performances by Miles Davis, leading a band that included Chick Corea, Keith Jarrett, Dave Holland, Airto Moreira and Steve Grossman, will be included in “Miles at the Fillmore – Miles Davis 1970: The Bootleg Series, Vol. 3,” a four-CD set to be released by Columbia/Legacy on March 25.
The set includes what Legacy describes as the unedited recordings of the performances Davis and his group gave at the Fillmore East from June 17 to 20, 1970, with bonus material from Davis's April 11, 1970 performance at the Fillmore West. Like many of Davis's concert recordings, full versions of the Fillmore shows have traded hands among collectors for several years.
The concerts took place shortly after the release of “Bitches Brew,” an album in which Davis blended rock influences into his own increasingly personal and wide-ranging brand of jazz. His Fillmore dates were an attempt to reach the rock audience. He shared the bill with Laura Nyro at the Fillmore East and with the Grateful Dead at the Fillmore West.
A heavily edited double-LP version of the Fillmore East performances, the tracks listed simply as “Wednesday Miles,” “Thursday Miles,” “Friday Miles” and “Saturday Miles” – that is, excerpts from one of the shows on each LP side – was released in October 1970 as “Miles Davis at Fillmore.” On the new version, as on the 1997 reissue, the individual songs (among them, “Bitches Brew,” “It's About That Time,” “Sanctuary” and “I Fall in Love Too Easily”) are separately tracked and identified. Pieces not included in earlier incarnations include “Paraphernalia,” “Footprints” and “Miles Runs the Voodoo Down.”
Indian diarist, Sushmita Banerjee, 49, who wrote a memoir about her dramatic escape from the Taliban, was shot dead by militants outside her home in Paktika province. Banerjee's 1995 book, Kabuliwalar Bangali Bou (A Kabuliwala's Bengali Wife), was made into a Bollywood film called Escape From Taliban in 2003.
Banerjee had recently moved back to Afghanistan to live with her husband, and was working as health care worker in the region. She had also been filming the lives of local women, reported the BBC.
According to the police, the Taliban militants tied up her husband and other family members in her house, took Banerjee out and shot her multiple times. They also ripped her hair out and dumped her body near a religious school.
The Taliban denied the attack on Banerjee, said the BBC.
Email Share +1 67 Shares
NEWARK, N.J. — A lawyer who works for an organization run by the daughter of Cuban President Raúl Castro on Friday dismissed LGBT advocates on the island who continue to publicly criticize its government.
Manuel Vázquez Seijido of the National Center for Sexual Education (CENESEX) told the Washington Blade after speaking at a global LGBT rights symposium at Rutgers University School of Law in Newark, New Jersey, that it is “public knowledge” that the “real intent” of these groups that are critical of his organization and the Cuban government is “not to advance an agenda of protecting LGBT rights, but rather (to advance) their economic interests.”
“Their goal is to simply criticize institutions like CENESEX and of course the Cuban government,” said Vázquez.
Vázquez spoke to the symposium participants from Miami via Skype after a delay in obtaining a visa from the U.S. government prevented him from traveling to New Jersey.
CENESEX Director Mariela Castro Espín — whose supporters credit for advancing LGBT-specific issues on the island — had been scheduled to deliver the keynote address but organizers of the symposium last month announced that she was unable to participate. She thanked U.S. advocates for their efforts to expand LGBT rights and their support of closer ties between Washington and Havana in a short video that organizers showed to attendees.
Vázquez acknowledged that the Blade has spoken with Cuban LGBT rights advocates who have criticized both his organization and the country's government. These include Ignacio Estrada Cepero, founder of the Cuban League Against AIDS, who now lives in Miami with his wife, Wendy Iriepa Díaz, a transgender woman who worked for CENESEX until she had a falling out with Mariela Castro.
“I personally respect the point of view of those activists that you have interviewed,” Vázquez told the Blade. “But I don't share them.”
“Any one is free to criticize and to have their opinion and express it,” he added. “It is also true that all the institutions that are dedicated to working on these issues could be, at any moment, criticized and criticized by another group.”
Vázquez during his remarks listed a series of what he described as CENESEX's accomplishments towards advancing LGBT rights in Cuba. These include the series of events marking the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia that take place throughout the country in May and the conference it hosted last spring that drew hundreds of LGBT rights advocates from across the Caribbean and the Americas to Havana and the beach resort of Varadero.
He also noted efforts to amend the island's labor law to include LGBT Cubans.
Cuban lawmakers in 2013 approved a proposal to add sexual orientation to the statute. Mariela Castro — a member of the Cuban Parliament who publicly supports marriage rights for same-sex couples — voted against it because it did not include gender identity.
Mariela Castro's supporters also note the country's national health care system has offered free sex reassignment surgery to trans Cubans since 2008. Estrada and others with whom the Blade has spoken claim only a few dozen trans people have undergone the procedure.
“Our work is public,” Vázquez told the Blade. “We have concrete results; results that we share with all communities and others in spaces of dialogue.”
He repeatedly described CENESEX as a “state institution” that works with the Cuban Ministry of Health to implement the country's sexual education curriculum.
“One of this program's initiatives is to promote the recognition and value of sexual rights for everyone with an emphasis on the rights that LGBTIQ people seek,” said Vázquez.
Vázquez spoke to the symposium less than five months after the Obama administration announced it would begin to normalize relations with the Cuban government.
President Obama on Saturday is scheduled to meet with Raúl Castro during the Summit of the Americas in Panamá.
Two independent Cuban human rights advocates were among those who met with Obama on Friday before the summit began in the Panamanian capital. Supporters and opponents of the Cuban government earlier in the week clashed outside the Cuban Embassy in Panama City.
Juana Mora Cedeño, a Cuban LGBT rights advocate who has previously criticized the Castro government, in February met with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and other members of the U.S. House of Representatives during their trip to Havana. Marío José Delgado González of Divine Hope LGBTI Christian Group, which seeks to promote acceptance of LGBT Cubans among the country's churches, told the Blade he was unable to attend a meeting with members of a Code Pink delegation who were in Havana earlier that month because security officials “arbitrarily detained” him.
WALNUT CREEK, Calif. – Freshman Thomas Lim earned All-Pac-12 honorable mention and all-conference freshman team honors as announced by the Pac-12 Conference Monday afternoon. The All-Pac-12 awards were voted on by every coach in the conference. Lim was the first freshman to earn an All-Pac-12 accolade since Daniel Miernicki earned All-Pac-12 second-team honors in 2009.
A native of Moorpark, Calif., Lim started his collegiate career at Oregon with an individual first-place finish at the Kikkor Husky Invitational. His 201 12-under card was nine-strokes better than the nearest competitor at 3-under. The freshman followed that up with a top-20 finish at the Saint Mary's Invitational, carding a 5-over score to finish in a tie for 19th.
Lim was also selected to play in the prestigious Patriot All-America over Christmas of 2013. The freshman carded a 206 7-under card at the tournament and took third against a very talented field of All-American golfers from the collegiate ranks as well as the NAIA, NJCAA and AJGA.
Lim also opened the spring season with a great finish at the Amer Ari Invitational. The freshman tallied a 204 12-under card and finished in a tie for fifth while shooting a round low of 64 on the opening day.
All in all, Lim has recorded two top-20 finishes, a top-10 finish, a top-five finish and has won one tournament during his freshman campaign.
Stanford's Patrick Rodgers was named the Pac-12 Men's Golfer of the Year while Rico Hoey of USC was named Pac-12 Freshman of the Year. Stanford's Conrad Ray was also named the Pac-12 Coach of the Year.
After taking eighth place at the Pac-12 Conference Championship, Oregon now shifts its focus towards the NCAA. UO is set to host the NCAA West Region at Eugene Country Club, May 15-17.
How David Fizdale went from South Central LA to head coach of the Memphis Grizzlies
The Memphis Grizzlies head coach joins Brian Berger on Sports Business Radio to share stories of his youth, early influences, and coaching philosophy.
Alan Cassinelli Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 2, 2017
This transcript has been edited and condensed for clarity.
On making it out of South Central LA
David Fizdale: Really a lot of luck a lot of a lot of blessings. I'm sure my mom said a lot of prayers every time I walked out of the house and I had good people.
There were moments and a ton of situations that I was in that could have gone the wrong way. I could have been the one that got hit.
There were moments and a ton of situations that I was in that could have gone the wrong way. I could have been the one that got hit.
You know a village truly raised me and I had solid role models all throughout my life whether it was my coaches or my brother.
My brother is a true inspiration to me. He played Division 1 football at the University of Hawaii. He got a scholarship out of the neighborhood.
He was the first person to really show me that this is possible. And, in fact, that it's expected of you.
My brother expected that out of me. He was the first one that bought me a pair of sneakers — he was my role model. I looked up to my brother big time.
On Developing His Playing Style
My cousin Bernard Perry literally created me, as a coach, because when I was a kid, he would make me watch film of Mark Jackson, Walter Berry and Chris Mullins.
He would record the games and would watch the film with me and he would always tell me “your half white guy and you're slow. You've got to watch Mark Jackson if you want to play basketball. You got to learn how to play like Mark Jackson, because you're never going to be fast.”
We would study film on Mark Jackson and I parodied my whole game after him
On his Grandfather's influence on his life
Brian Berger: Part of your time you're spending in South Central. The other part of your time you're spending in Century City where your grandparents live. Spock was living near your grandparents, Leonard Nimoy, in the same condo building on Avenue of the Stars!
David Fizdale: My grandfather was well-to-do, an engineer and lawyer, and had done really well for himself. And they had retired there, him and my grandmother.
That's a short drive in L.A. when you think about it.
It was just a whole another world for me to just keep bouncing back and forth from the hood to Century City and I really learned a lot from them.
It was just a whole another world for me to just keep bouncing back and forth from the hood to Century City
You know how people say ‘what would Jesus do? I would always say what would papa do?' My grandfather's voice was in my ears during those moments of making those tough decisions.
My grandparents are a really good example of how people should be in this world and how accepting and wonderful way they treated me and they raised me really to be cultural and experience the world. They're the ones that got me into reading — they bought me my first subscription to National Geographic.
My grandmother traced our ancestry for me and gave it to me in a book for Christmas. How cool is that?
I'm a 10 year old and they're really making it important that I understand.
These are the things that are important to not only this side of the family but you need to know this about your mom's heritage and your grandfather's heritage. They were were real influential in my life.
On his outlook on coaching
I look at life different than everybody else I guess. Coaching is actually my vehicle to help. My life's goal wasn't to be a head coach. I just like to compete.
And basketball is my way of expressing my urge of competition and the life lessons you gain through camaraderie and having to connect to people and brotherhood. That's what basketball fulfills for me.
My life's goal wasn't to be a head coach. I just like to compete.
Basketball is just the instrument that provides me a platform, provides me the finances, the image, to actually do what I care about, which is help people. That's what I want to be remembered for.
I would much rather be remembered as somebody that was huge in his community and helped people. And someone who did what he could to better the world around him.
Richard Dawkins, in full Clinton Richard Dawkins, (born March 26, 1941, Nairobi, Kenya), British evolutionary biologist, ethologist, and popular-science writer who emphasized the gene as the driving force of evolution and generated significant controversy with his enthusiastic advocacy of atheism.
Dawkins spent his early childhood in Kenya, where his father was stationed during World War II. The family returned to England in 1949. In 1959 Dawkins entered Balliol College, University of Oxford, where he received a bachelor's degree in zoology in 1962. He remained at Oxford, earning his master's and doctorate degrees in zoology in 1966 under famed ethologist Nikolaas Tinbergen. Dawkins assisted Tinbergen before becoming an assistant professor of zoology (1967–69) at the University of California, Berkeley. He returned to Oxford to lecture in zoology in 1970.
In 1976 he published his first book, The Selfish Gene, in which he tried to rectify what he maintained was a widespread misunderstanding of Darwinism. Dawkins argued that natural selection takes place at the genetic rather than the species or individual level, as was often assumed. Genes, he maintained, use the bodies of living things to further their own survival. He also introduced the concept of “memes,” the cultural equivalent of genes. Ideas and concepts, from fashion to music, take on a life of their own within society and, by propagating and mutating from mind to mind, affect the progress of human evolution. Dawkins named the concept after the Greek word mimeme, meaning “to imitate.” It later spawned an entire field of study called memetics. The book was notable not just because of what it espoused but also because of its approachable style, which made it accessible to a popular audience.
More books followed, including The Extended Phenotype (1982), The Blind Watchmaker (1986), which won the Royal Society of Literature Award in 1987, and River Out of Eden (1995). Dawkins particularly sought to address a growing misapprehension of what exactly Darwinian natural selection entailed in Climbing Mount Improbable (1996). Stressing the gradual nature of response to selective pressures, Dawkins took care to point out that intricate structures such as the eye do not manifest randomly but instead successively increase in sophistication. He also released The Evolution of Life (1996), an interactive CD-ROM with which users could create “biomorphs,” computer-simulated examples of evolution first introduced in The Blind Watchmaker.
Dawkins was named the first Charles Simonyi professor of public understanding of science at Oxford (1995–2008). In that capacity he continued to publish prolifically and produced an array of television programs. His 1996 documentary Break the Science Barrier featured Dawkins conversing with an array of prominent scientists about their discoveries. In the volume Unweaving the Rainbow (1998), Dawkins contended that evolutionary theory is aesthetically superior to supernatural explanations of the world. The Ancestor's Tale (2004), structured after Geoffrey Chaucer's The Canterbury Tales, traced the human branch of the phylogenetic tree back to points where it converges with the evolution of other species. Further publications include The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution (2009), a tribute to, and vehement defense of, the theory of evolution by natural selection, and The Magic of Reality: How We Know What's Really True (2011), a book for young readers that juxtaposed the scientific understandings of various phenomena with mythologies that purported to explain them. He also edited The Oxford Book of Modern Science Writing (2008).
Though much of Dawkins's oeuvre generated debate for asserting the supremacy of science over religion in explaining the world, nothing matched the response to the polemical The God Delusion (2006). The book relentlessly points out the logical fallacies in religious belief and ultimately concludes that the laws of probability preclude the existence of an omnipotent creator. Dawkins used the book as a platform to launch the Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science (2006), an organization that, in dual American and British incarnations, sought to foster the acceptance of atheism and championed scientific answers to existential questions. Along with fellow atheists Christopher Hitchens, Sam Harris, and Daniel C. Dennett, he embarked on a campaign of lectures and public debates proselytizing and defending a secular worldview. Dawkins launched the Out Campaign in 2007 in order to urge atheists to publicly declare their beliefs.
Dawkins, Richard: atheism Learn about Richard Dawkins's objections to religious belief. © Open University
In addition to promoting his organization through its Web site and YouTube channel, Dawkins produced several more television documentaries, variously declaiming the problems created by religion and superstition in Root of All Evil? (2006) and The Enemies of Reason (2007) and celebrating the achievements of Darwin in The Genius of Charles Darwin (2008). Sex, Death, and the Meaning of Life (2012) explores the implications of living without religious faith. In the memoir An Appetite for Wonder: The Making of a Scientist (2013), Dawkins chronicled his life up to the publication of The Selfish Gene. A second volume of memoir, Brief Candle in the Dark: My Life in Science (2015), recorded episodes from the latter part of his career.
Dawkins was named a fellow of the Royal Society in 2001.
Study: Ski Resorts Tell Tall Tales About Deep Snow
Enlarge this image toggle caption Robert F. Bukaty/AP Robert F. Bukaty/AP
Researchers at Dartmouth College have confirmed something that skiers and snowboarders have long suspected: Resorts sometimes boost their snowfall reports to attract more customers.
Eric Zitzewitz and Jon Zinman are both associate professors of economics and fans of snow sports. In their report, Wintertime for Deceptive Advertising, they found that ski areas report more snowfall on the weekends, and that there is no such "weekend effect" in government weather data.
Zinman says they gathered snowfall totals from ski area Web sites and then compared those numbers with government weather data. According to Zinman, resorts reported 23 percent more snow on weekends. And the resorts that had the most to gain by fluffing up their numbers did more of it.
According to Zinman, resorts with more people living within driving distance inflated their numbers more, as did resort that don't offer money-back guarantees.
The researchers didn't single out specific resorts in their report, choosing instead to make broad statements about the industry as a whole.
Michael Berry, president of the National Ski Areas Association, says that snow reports at resorts aren't exactly done scientifically. He says a worker with a measuring stick typically checks snow levels once a day.
But in the age of Facebook and Twitter, he also says these traditional snow reports are becoming less important. Today, many skiers are getting information from their friends who live near resorts. So Berry has advice for his colleagues.
"If you try and create a reality that you perceive to be the truth, it better be consistent with the reality on the ground," Berry says. "The consumer will remind you of that instantly if that's not the case."
Zinman saw evidence of this in his research. During the study period, an iPhone application was released that allows skiers and snowboarders to report conditions themselves.
"Once that came online, exaggeration by resorts fell very sharply," Zinman says. "And [it] fell all the more sharply at resorts that have good iPhone reception."
The GOP has a proposed anti-porn plank in its convention platform saying pornography is a public health crisis and “encourage states to continue to fight this public menace.” So are porn pros worried about what might happen if the plank makes it onto the party platform, and presumed nominee Donald Trump and the GOP win the White House?
“As we all know political platforms are meaningless. But once again it shows how terribly out of touch the Republican Party is,” Steven Hirsch, founder/co-chairman of porn purveyor Vivid Entertainment, told FOX411. “I'm sure Donald Trump would laugh at that.”
One person not laughing is Mary Frances Forrester, the North Carolina delegate who offered the plank on Monday, stressing the importance of an anti-porn push.
"The internet must not become a safe haven for predators. Pornography, with its harmful effects, especially on children, has become a public health crisis that is destroying the life of millions," she said.
But porn star and former Congressman Anthony Weiner's sexting partner Sydney Leathers told FOX411 that the issue is not with porn per se, but rather exposes the GOP's views on the First Amendment.
“Pornographers should be fearful of any Republican candidates because historically speaking, Republicans are the ones who come after us with obscenity charges,” Leathers said. “Republicans care an awful lot about the Second Amendment but not enough about the first. Like it or not, porn isn't illegal and this is a First Amendment issue.”
Kevin Blatt, the broker who brought the Paris Hilton sex tape to the masses, says “for the most part, the adult industry isn't too concerned about Republicans. The adult industry has weathered many storms over the years with conservatives targeting them, from the Meese Commission on obscenity to John Ashcroft."
FOX411 reached out to Forrester but did not receive comment. The GOP convention convenes on Monday.
Uma Thurman has lashed out at Harvey Weinstein and others named in the Hollywood sexual abuse scandal in a powerful Thanksgiving day Instagram post.
Earlier this month, the actress revealed that she was waiting to be "less angry" before commenting on the allegations made against several key figures in Hollywood.
"I don't have a tiny soundbite for you, because I am not a child and I have learned that when I have spoken in anger, I usually regret the way I express myself," she said at the time.
"So I've been waiting to feel less angry, and when I'm ready, I'll say what I have to say."
And it looks like today (November 23) that day has come.
"Happy Thanksgiving," Uma posted on Instagram alongside a still of her as The Bride in Kill Bill. "I am grateful today, to be alive, for all those I love, and for all those who have the courage to stand up for others."
She continued: "I said I was angry recently, and I have a few reasons, #metoo, in case you couldn't tell by the look on my face.
"I feel it's important to take your time, be fair, be exact, so... Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! (Except you Harvey, and all your wicked conspirators - I'm glad it's going slowly - you don't deserve a bullet)."
The actress then concluded the post with a cryptic "stay tuned", hinting that she has more to say on the matter.
Dimitrios Kambouris/WireImage Getty Images
Thurman has worked with Harvey Weinstein on several films in the past, including hits Kill Bill and Pulp Fiction.
Last month, it was confirmed that Weinstein was being investigated by both US and UK police after he was publicly accused of historic sexual misconduct by several stars including Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie, Cara Delevingne and Ashley Judd.
The movie producer "unequivocally denies" all allegations of non-consensual sex against him.
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
For a long time the Indiana senate race looked as if it was going to be very competitive, but that all changed after Republican Candidate Richard Mourdock said after the debate early this month that he opposes abortion in the case of rape and that “even when life begins with that horrible situation of rape, that is something that God intended to happen.”
Since that rape comment Democratic candidate Joe Donnelly has seen his standing in the polls shoot up dramatically. With just days left in the election Donnelly now has an impressive 11 point lead over Mourdock, according to the latest Howey/DePauw poll. According to the poll, Joe Donnelly is now at 47 percent support, Mourdock is at 36 percent, and Libertarian candidate Andrew Horning is at 6 percent. At the same time, Mitt Romney has a ten point lead in the state over President Obama.
By comparison, the same poll from one month ago had the race basically dead even with Donnelly at 40 percent and Mourdock at 38 percent.
There is a chance Donnelly could have narrowly won the race even without Mourdock's rape comment, but that statement has turned what should have been a tough fight into practically a cakewalk.
The Indian space agency ISRO is planning to launch five communications satellites this year to ease a capacity crunch.
The first of the five satellites, GSAT-9, is scheduled to launch in April on an Indian GSLV, and will be followed by four more through December.
Two of the satellites, GSAT-17 and -11, will launch on Ariane 5 rockets, while the rest will launch on Indian vehicles.
The new satellites will provide a “drastic, perceptible change in satellite capacity,” according to ISRO Chairman A.S. Kiran Kumar. [The Hindu]
More News
SpaceX is set to attempt the first launch of a Falcon 9 with a previously flown first stage tonight. The Falcon 9 is scheduled to launch from Launch Complex 39A at 6:27 p.m. Eastern at the beginning of a two-and-a-half-hour window, with a backup launch date of Saturday. Forecasts call for an 80 percent chance of acceptable weather for tonight's launch. The Falcon 9 is carrying the SES-10 communications satellite, which will provide broadcasting services across Latin America. The first stage being used for this launch first flew on a Dragon cargo mission launched last April. [Spaceflight Now]
Issues with the Orion service module and tornado damage to a NASA facility are the key schedule risks for the first SLS mission. NASA officials said Wednesday that delays with the European Service Module are running “neck and neck” with those caused by damage to the Michoud Assembly Facility from a February tornado as the biggest risks to the schedule for the EM-1 flight. The tornado damage, agency officials told an advisory committee, cost two to three months of schedule on development of the core stage of the SLS. While EM-1 was planned for launch in late 2018, NASA acknowledged the schedule is uncertain as it studies putting a crew on that flight, which would delay the mission regardless of the other issues. [SpaceNews]
Launch companies said this week they supported a spaceflight bill in the British parliament, but said a goal of hosting launches by 2020 was unrealistic. The draft bill, released last month, is intended to support the development of launch sites in the U.K., with the goal of hosting suborbital and small orbital launches by 2020. However, executives with several companies told a House of Commons committee that such a schedule was not feasible, while adding that they're supporting the overall aims of the bill. [SpaceNews]
Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos offered a “sneak peek” inside the crew capsule of his company's suborbital vehicle. Bezos, in an email newsletter Wednesday, released several illustrations of the crew capsule of the New Shepard vehicle, including an interior with “an eye toward precision engineering, safety, and comfort.” Bezos said a mockup of the crew capsule will be displayed next week at Space Symposium, along with the booster that flew five suborbital test flights in 2015 and 2016. Also Wednesday, the National Aeronautic Association announced it was awarding its prestigious Collier Trophy to Blue Origin for its New Shepard test flight campaign. [SpaceNews / GeekWire]
A New Mexico company has unveiled plans for a small satellite launch vehicle. ARCA Space Corporation said this week it's developing the Haas 2CA rocket, a single-stage vehicle it says can place 100 kilograms into low Earth orbit. The company said the rocket will be ready for launch by 2018, with a launch costing about $1 million, but has not disclosed any customers. ARCA Space had its origins in Romania as a team competing for the original Ansari X Prize but moved a few years ago to Las Cruces, New Mexico. The company made headlines in 2015 when it announced the ArcaBoard, a “hoverboard,” that costs about $15,000 but only operates for several minutes. [Las Cruces (N.M.) Sun-News]
Analysts using commercial satellite imagery believe North Korea is preparing for another nuclear test. Images taken by DigitalGlobe satellites March 25 showed increased activity at a site in the northeastern part of the country previously used for underground nuclear tests. The activity, according to an analysis by 38 North, is consistent with preparations for another test. [Wall Street Journal / 38 North]
An asteroid is playing a dangerous game of “chicken” with the planet Jupiter. Observations of the asteroid, 2015 BZ509, show it's moving in the opposite direction around the sun compared to the planets and most other asteroids, and is in a orbit that brings it close to Jupiter. “This is not what one would expect to be a very long-lived situation,” said one astronomer, but added that an analysis of its orbit indicates it should be stable for at least the next million years. [Space.com]
MUMBAI: Investors drove benchmark indices to new highs as the Sensex rose above the 25,000 mark for the first time with the Narendra Modi-led BJP winning a thumping victory that saw it gain a majority on its own, which means it won't be held hostage to the demands of coalition allies and can push forward with an agenda for reform that should set the stage for economic revival.Languishing in the wilderness after a shock defeat in 2004, BJP stormed back to power, winning 282 out of 543 elected seats in the Lok Sabha. The BJP-led NDA had won 334 seats till late on Friday and will form the government in the next few days.It's the first time in 30 years that one party has got a majority on its own. Investors, relishing the prospect of a strong government, sent the Nifty to over 7,200. The BJP has the numbers to form the government on its own but the party is expected to rope in its pre-poll allies in a coalition government.“I have no doubts in my mind that we have started the biggest bull market that at least I think I will see in my lifetime," broker and Big Bull, Rakesh Jhunjhunwala, told ET NOW. "The index will surely double and treble. If it doubles in five years from now, it will be a very poor gain actually. I see it happening much faster. Index will double in the next three (years)… I mean , from 6,300. I will be disappointed if in three years we have a Nifty below 12,500."The Sensex rose 4.9% over the week to a record of 24,121.74 on Friday, while the Nifty jumped 5.2% to 7,203.The indices have been among the best performers in emerging markets , rising 13.94% and 14.26%, respectively, since the beginning of the year. "Change is indeed sweeping the country," said Motilal Oswal, chairman of Motilal Oswal Financial Services . "In my view this is the best time to invest in equities for the medium to long term. A portfolio mix of growth and cyclical stocks would yield far bigger returns than debt or for that matter any other asset class."Indian stocks have outperformed most emerging market indices so far this year on hopes that elections and a new government headed by Modi will end policy uncertainty and revive investment. Several promoters, some of them perceived as being close to the man who will be Prime Minister, have seen their wealth surge with stocks on a tear. Gautam Adani's wealth has risen Rs 12,512 crore in the past week, while that of Reliance Industries Ltd's Mukesh Ambani is up Rs 12,207 crore and that of Vedanta's Anil Agarwal has advanced Rs 9,123 crore.But Friday's results exceeded expectations and most exit poll projections. Given the margin, the chances of a decisive, reform-oriented government has increased manifold, investors believe."The current bull market to continue with some correction in next few days," said Nirmal Jain , chairman of India Infoline . "Sensex to touch 30,000 by year end. Though some of the sectors are expensive, many of them including cyclicals, banking, industrial and consumer discretions are way off from their peak and these are the sectors to rally going forward."Some of the biggest gainers on Friday include JP Power, up 8.19% to Rs 18.22, Axis Bank , up 7.9% to Rs 1,795. All sectors, except three ended in the green with the BSE Bankex rising 4.39% and the BSE Realty index gaining 5.97%. The consumer goods index fell 1.85% and the IT index slipped 2.22% while the healthcare index fell 1.39%. Sesa Sterlite was the biggest gainer in the Nifty, rising 11.05% on hopes that the new government will push for the lifting of the ban on iron ore mining in force in many parts of the country. Punjab National Bank rose 8.16% to Rs 924.95 on hopes that a Modi-led government will find a way to resolve the bad assets on bank balance sheets. Bharat Petroleum rose 6.85%, while DLF rose 6.50% to Rs 170.35. State Bank gained 5.95% to Rs 2,414, while ICICI Bank gained 5.38% to Rs 1,470.15.India has been ruled by a series of coalition governments since 1989, with the single largest party dependent on allies for a majority and thereby being held hostage to them. That era has come to an end with the BJP win."It is interesting that we have such a clear mandate after 30 years," said Rasesh Shah, chairman and CEO, Edelweiss Group. "This is good news for economic growth. We needed a clear verdict to get the economy back on track."Rating agency S&P said on Friday that it expects the new government's reform initiatives in economic and fiscal policies in the next two to three months may have significant implications on the sovereign credit rating on India's rating."In our view, NDA's strong showing indicates that it will have a reasonably good political platform to tackle structural issues," it said.
Deakin University researchers unveiled the world's first 3D-printed Boron Nitride Nanotube-Titanium composite on Friday, with the milestone technology set to garner widespread interest across aerospace and defence industries.
The breakthrough from Deakin's Institute for Frontier Materials (IFM) will help drive demand for Boron Nitride nanotubes (BNNT) in a number of areas by unlocking its end-application potential.
IFM researcher Professor Ian Chen said the work was a huge advancement in both nanotube application and 3D printing, also known as additive manufacturing.
Professor Chen said he was excited about the possibilities it could usher in for industries across the globe in the production of components that utilise the unique properties of BNNT and titanium.
"While titanium composites have been widely used in aeroplanes, in defence and high-end equipment, a composite with nanotubes will make the material stronger, lighter, give it a longer life and high-temperature tolerance," he said. "These nanotubes have many unique properties and the new composite will bring in new possibilities and applications."
BNNT, with its tubular structure, incredible strength, light weight and ability to withstand intense heat, has sparked strong competition among researchers in countries including Australia, Canada and the USA over the past two decades as they race to find effective pathways to commercial production.
So far these advanced nanomaterials, which are difficult to make, can only be created in small amounts, limiting their product development opportunities.
But Deakin's nanotechnology group, led by Professor Chen, has developed a unique and scalable manufacturing process that has the capacity to turn BNNT into a major player in the marketplace.
The patented production technology, which uses ball milling and annealing processes, is already a proven performer in the laboratory and when scaled up will have a major impact on industries including automotive, defence and aviation when commercialised. Deakin plans to set up a commercial BNNT pilot plant in Geelong to produce the nanomaterial in kilogram quantities as soon as possible.
Source and top image Deakin University
NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) - Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal, one of the nation's most prominent Republicans and a possible 2016 presidential candidate, has fallen out of favor with local voters, and his bold plan to scrap the state income tax is running into trouble.
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal (R-LA) speaks to the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in National Harbor, Maryland, March 15, 2013. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Jindal was re-elected to a second term with two-thirds of the vote in 2011. But his Louisiana approval rating was down to 38 percent in a recent poll, worse than Democratic President Barack Obama in one of the most conservative states.
The poll suggested voters think he is spending more time traveling outside the state and burnishing his credentials for a possible White House run than tending to local matters.
As the Louisiana Legislature prepares to kick off its two-month session on Monday, Jindal's signature proposal to eliminate the state income tax is facing resistance.
His detailed plan would do away with all state personal and corporate income taxes. It also calls for a 56-percent increase in the state sales tax, a much higher cigarette tax, and the elimination of some tax loopholes to make up the $3 billion shortfall from scrapping the income taxes.
To allay fears that the plan would hurt the poor, Jindal has proposed a rebate for low-income residents and some retirees.
The governor says the change would attract business by making Louisiana competitive with states such as oil-rich neighbor Texas, which has no income tax.
In speeches across the state, he has cast it as a way to simplify the system, make it fairer, and give people more control over their own money.
Eliminating income taxes would also be an attention-getting accomplishment for a Republican governor with national aspirations.
“A lot of the pressure seems to be coming from national groups. It's hard to find a constituency in Louisiana that was demanding an end to the income tax,” said Jan Moller, director of the nonprofit Louisiana Budget Project, which advocates for raising revenue to provide more services.
Jindal, who is Indian-American and chairs the Republican Governors Association, has been outspoken in the debate about how to broaden the appeal of the party after last November's painful election losses.
He made national headlines earlier this year by calling on Republicans to “stop being the stupid party,” - a reference to some 2012 candidates self-destructing with comments about women and rape.
HIGH PROFILE
Jindal, 41, appears regularly on national television shows and at events where presidential hopefuls test their appeal such as the recent Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington.
Jindal was a leading campaign surrogate for losing Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney last year. He gave the Republican response to Obama's first address to a joint session of Congress in 2009, but his performance received poor reviews.
His tax proposal has won plaudits from national conservatives such as Grover Norquist, the guru of anti-tax reformers who asks politicians to pledge never to raise taxes.
However, local skeptics have raised concerns that the sales tax increase would disproportionately hit poor residents, increase costs for businesses, hurt New Orleans' tourism industry and make it harder for local taxes to be imposed.
The increase would require a two-thirds vote of both chambers of the Legislature, which have Republican majorities.
But the same poll that showed Jindal's slumping popularity, conducted by Southern Media & Opinion Research, found 63 percent opposed the tax plan.
The poll of 600 likely Louisiana voters was taken March 18-20 and has a 4 percentage-point margin of error.
The Louisiana Association of Business and Industry, normally an ally of the Republican governor, has opposed the tax plan. Republican House Speaker Chuck Kleckley has warned that the changes might increase the tax burden on businesses.
Republican House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Joel Robideaux, author of bills that make up the governor's package, said he will not schedule votes until an independent analysis of the plan is completed.
But Jindal may yet get his way. Louisiana governors historically have done well in bending the Legislature to their wills.
“If the governor is pushing something,” Robideaux said in the capital of Baton Rouge recently, “it's never dead on arrival.”
The city of Iligan, in the Northern Mindanao region of the Philippines, is one of the country's major city and the industrial center of the south. It has many heavy industries producing steel, tinplate, and cement. It also produces hydroelectric power for the entire Mindanao region. It's surprising hence, that an industrial city such as Iligan should be known for its natural beauty.
The city is situated by the Bohol Sea which curves into the northern coast of Mindanao Island forming a small bay called the Iligan Bay. The bay lies to the west. To the east of the city lies flat cultivated coastal land which gives way to steep volcanic hills and mountains. These mountains are home to numerous cold springs and waterfalls. Officially, there are 23 waterfalls within the city area—a rarity anywhere in the world. An exception is Hamilton, in Canada, where there are over 130 waterfalls.
Tinago Falls in Iligan city. Photo credit: jojo nicdao/Flickr
Iligan is known as the "City of Majestic Waterfalls". The most well known is the Maria Cristina Falls on Agus River. Sometimes the falls is also called “twin falls” because there are two torrents of water plummeting down below. Upstream, there is a hydroelectric plant and a dam on the river to regulate the water flow. So the water volume in the falls fluctuates over the day. The falls are best viewed on a Sunday when they are in full force.
Left: Maria Cristina Falls. Photo credit: Eugene/Flickr. Right: Tinago Falls. Photo credit: 5 Flip-Flops (Earl)/Flickr
Tinago Falls. Photo credit: jojo nicdao/Flickr
The Deepwater Horizon oil spill tragedy is bad and getting worse by the hour. For several days the well was thought to be spewing 1,000 barrels a day from the seafloor. On Thursday morning that estimate was ramped up to 5,000 barrels a day. Louisiana is bracing for an oily sheen to coat coastal swamps as early as Friday night.
If the well continues to flow unabated at 5,000 bpd for two months until BP can cap it, the Deepwater Horizon spill could surpass the 1989 Exxon Valdez spill of 270,000 barrels as the biggest in U.S. history. But to keep things in perspective, this spill would have to continue gushing at this rate for 200 days to break into the top 10 worst spills ever, and for more than a year to enter the top five.
Slide Show: The 10 Worst Oil Spills
The worst spill ever to hit the Gulf of Mexico, and the second-biggest of all time, was the 1980 blowout of the Ixtoc I exploratory well drilled in Mexican waters by Petroleos Mexicanos. It took nine months to cap, during which time the well spewed more than 3 million barrels into the gulf, or more than 10,000 barrels a day. Two months after the blowout, the oil started washing onto Texas shores.
It was almost as bad when the Atlantic Empress collided with another tanker, the Aegean Captain, in 1979. It continued leaking while being towed and 2.1 million barrels of oil ended up in the oceans off Trinidad & Tobago.
Four years later, in 1983, a tanker ran into an oil production platform in the Nowruz oil field off Iran's shores. For more than a year, 1,500 barrels a day poured into Persian Gulf, a total of 1.9 million barrels.
That same year, the tanker Castillo de Bellver caught fire in Saldanha Bay, South Africa. It broke in two off the coast of Cape Town, spilling 1.8 million barrels of oil. Luckily, winds pushed the slick out to sea, preventing environmental damage onshore.
The worst spill of all time was truly a man-made disaster, but it was no accident. As U.S. Marines readied an amphibious landing at Kuwait's Sea Island terminal during the first Gulf War in 1991, Iraqi forces opened valves and emptied whole tankers, spilling 10.3 million barrels of oil into the Persian Gulf, three times the amount released in the Ixtoc spill.
The last big blowout in U.S. waters was the Santa Barbara spill in 1969, which gushed some 100,000 barrels that quickly washed up onshore. Memories linger: 40 years later California is still loathe to approve any new offshore drilling.
As for Deepwater Horizon, it will likely not have nearly the environmental impact as Valdez. Oil giant BP is struggling to contain what oil it can, and Thursday received additional help from rival Shell, which sent several ships to the scene.
Much of the high-quality light crude will evaporate, and the company is spraying chemicals on the slick to disperse it and make it clump together so it will fall down to the seafloor. The Coast Guard set a pool of captured oil ablaze Wednesday in an awesome conflagration that will be repeated throughout the clean up. The cleanup costs are on the order of $10 million a day. The new well BP is drilling to intercept the leaky borehole and plug it with cement will cost $100 million. Fines, environmental damage and cleanup could cost a billion dollars more--a huge sum, but sadly probably not the worst the world has seen. Or will see.
Slide Show: The 10 Worst Oil Spills
Engage in epic RTS warfare across three huge campaigns as well as other battle modes. Create your own fleet of ships, pick your side and enter into World War II naval combat on a global scale. Engage in epic real time strategy warfare across the Atlantic, Pacific and Mediterranean. This is naval warfare on a global scale.
It is World War II and the age of the dreadnoughts has passed and naval warfare is being dominated by aircraft carriers. Submarines hunt convoys like wolves and the numerous and nimble destroyers rule the oceans. Destroy enemy battleships, torpedo enemy convoys and hunt the enemy wherever you may find them.
Advance through the naval ranks from the Captain of a destroyer to an Admiral of a vast fleet. Win medals for your exploits and help your chosen nation achieve victory in each campaign.
Plan your own strategy! In Victory At Sea your destiny is in your hands. Once in the campaign, what you do next is up to you.
Show more
Show less
Tulare County elections' office. (Photo: Archive)
County officials are reporting some precincts have run out paper ballots and voters are now must use touchscreens to cast their vote.
Hiley Wallis, Tulare County deputy treasurer/tax collector, said the elections office started receiving reports of precincts running out of ballots mid-afternoon.
Wallis said she didn't know how many locations ran out paper ballots, but did say there were several.
She said some voters are having to wait as much as one hour to vote. In some locations, there was only one touchscreen.
"But we are deploying more to the locations," Wallis said.
Sid Carter, Tulare, waited in line at Prosperity Avenue Baptist church for only only one touchscreen until he demanded a physical ballot.
"I wanted a ballot to write on I didn't want to do it on a touchscreen because I didn't feel comfortable," he said. "I was going to be here for two hours. "
He wondered, if they had ballots, why they couldn't they give them to voters. The officials said they were holding them for provisional voters and wanted everyone else to wait hours for one touchscreen machine.
Voters who are in line by 8 p.m., the time precincts were scheduled to close, will get a chance to vote, Wallis said.
Read or Share this story: http://vtd-tar.co/2fBDDi4
CHICAGO—Saying he has heard good things but hasn't yet had a chance to check it out, local 31-year-old Kevin Regan reported Thursday he has been meaning to catch up on the whole of human artistic endeavor.
Despite wanting for a while now to “see what all the buzz is about” surrounding the sum total of mankind's aesthetic creations, Regan admitted he has simply not yet taken the time to “really get into” the 40,000-year-old means of representing the human experience through various visual and auditory media.
Advertisement
“From what everyone says, it sounds pretty cool, but I just haven't gotten around to it yet,” said Regan, who explained he has been meaning to follow up on friends' recommendations to check out sculpture, photography, the Western literary canon, cinema, printmaking, traditional Asian puppet theater, and all of the performing arts. “I figure I should probably start from the beginning, with Paleolithic ivory carvings, and work my way forward from there. But I've also been told there's some really awesome stuff going on with architecture from the Roman Empire through the European Renaissance, so that could be a good place to start, too.”
“I've also heard music is pretty great,” Regan added.
Although Regan reported having encountered bits and pieces of humanity's complete artistic output in the past, he confessed he has never taken in the entire collective body of emotionally and culturally expressive works in depth. In particular, Regan mentioned having previously caught brief glimpses of Vincent Van Gogh's Olive Trees In A Mountainous Landscape, the Chrysler Building, and dance, as well as once overhearing a 35-second clip of the 1996 Blackstreet song “No Diggity.”
Advertisement
Regan stated that he was motivated to give all art a try, not only because of the positive word of mouth but also because he frequently feels left out of conversations whenever the topic turns to popular situation comedies, alternative rock, classic Hollywood films, the oeuvre of eighth-century Chinese poet Li Bai, or fictional storytelling in all its forms across the millennia, from oral traditions to the present.
“It's pretty frustrating to hear everyone at work discussing how amazing novels or televised dramas are and for me to have no idea what they're talking about,” said Regan, adding that he was looking forward to being able to participate in future conversations about pottery, jazz, the woodcuts of Albrecht Dürer, French grand opera, outsider artists like Henry Darger, and Star Wars. “I've heard from some people that you can pretty much skip everything between 30,000 B.C. and ancient Greece, but I'm worried if I do that I'll get lost later on. I've got a long weekend coming up, so I'll probably use that as an opportunity to start with early cave paintings and just binge my way right on through to the Dutch masters.”
At press time, Regan had reportedly decided to give up on all art after being disappointed with the first three episodes of Heroes.
Still, the disclosures of e-mail hacking come at an awkward time for BSkyB, which is 39.1 percent owned by News Corporation and which has suffered from its association with the Murdochs as the hacking scandal has unfolded.
“This is nothing like the hacking at The News of the World,” said Roy Greenslade, a journalism professor at City University London. “But there's an embarrassment in that it's another News Corporation business, so people will be saying, ‘That's just typical of Murdoch.' ”
Last summer, stung by sustained criticism in Parliament and across Britain, News Corporation withdrew one of Mr. Murdoch's cherished goals: its $12 billion bid to take over the portion of BSkyB that he did not own already. On Tuesday, in announcing James Murdoch's resignation from BSkyB, the company said the continuing phone hacking investigation was making him a lightning rod for dissatisfaction and proving distracting to the company.
A report from a House of Commons select committee investigating phone hacking is scheduled to be released within the next few weeks, and is expected to criticize the younger Mr. Murdoch for what some members believe was incomplete and misleading testimony during hearings last summer.
“I believe that my resignation will help to ensure that there is no false conflation with events at a separate organization,” Mr. Murdoch, 39, wrote in a letter to the BSkyB board, referring to News International, the British newspaper arm of his father's media empire. He resigned as chief executive of News International five weeks ago.
Mr. Ryley of Sky said Thursday that one of the e-mail hacking cases occurred in 2008 and concerned John Darwin, a Briton who staged his death in a fake canoeing accident in 2002 but actually moved to Panama and, in collusion with his wife, collected £500,000 in life insurance .
Known in the tabloids as the “canoe man,” Mr. Darwin returned to Britain and lived in a secret apartment in his old house until 2007, when he turned himself in to a police station, claiming at first to have no idea what he had been doing for the last five years.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The next year, a Sky News reporter pursuing the story sought permission to hack into e-mails he suspected had been used by the Darwins to communicate after Mr. Darwin's fake death, Mr. Ryley said in an online posting.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“After careful consideration, Sky News granted permission because we believed the story was justified in the public interest,” Mr. Ryley said. “None of the material obtained was broadcast prior to the conviction and our coverage made clear that we had discovered and supplied e-mails to the police. There has been no attempt by Sky News to conceal these facts, which have been available on our Web site ever since.”
In a statement, the police department in Cleveland, which handled the Darwin case, said that it had “conducted an initial review into these matters and can confirm that inquiries are ongoing into how these e-mails were obtained.”
A second case involved e-mails relating to a suspected pedophile, a spokeswoman for Sky News said. On both occasions, she said, the managing editor of Sky News, Simon Cole, authorized the hacking.
The company likened the e-mail hacking to other instances in which journalists broke the law for the sake of journalism. In 2004, Sky News journalists bought an Uzi machine gun to highlight how easy it was to buy illegal weapons in Britain. The year before, a reporter penetrated airport security to show how porous it was.
BSkyB has suffered various upheavals in the last year. As a result of the allegations surrounding the Murdochs' newspaper business in Britain, the broadcaster is being investigated by Ofcom, the British broadcast regulator, over whether it is “fit and proper” to hold a television license.
Critics seized on Sky's disclosures as evidence of impropriety at the company.
“The chair of BSkyB has to say something on this and reassure viewers that this has not been going on more widely,” Tom Watson, a Labour Party member of Parliament and a persistent Murdoch critic, told the BBC . “There are cases where the public is best served with journalists breaking the law, but it has to be done in extremis, and I am not sure whether it was in these two cases.”
But Clare Enders, the head of Enders Analysis, a media research firm in London, said she thought that the biggest potential obstacle to BSkyB's retaining its broadcast license had been James Murdoch, and that his resignation had removed much of the problem.
“We all spend our days shell-shocked because it's been one thing after another,” Ms. Enders said in an interview, referring to the seemingly endless stream of disclosures about wrongdoing at News International. Still, compared with past revelations by other British media outlets, she said she did not consider Sky's practices “that big a deal.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Rupert Murdoch, who is 81, has complained on Twitter recently that critics have been unfairly targeting News Corporation with false allegations.
He was particularly incensed, it seems, by reports in the BBC, PBS and The Australian Financial Review charging that a section of his television operation hacked the encryption codes of its pay-television rivals in Britain and Australia , encouraging piracy to undermine their businesses in the late 1990s.
“Seems every competitor and enemy piling on with lies and libels,” he wrote on Twitter last week. “So bad, easy to hit back hard, which preparing.”
"Ben" is a song written by Don Black and composed by Walter Scharf for the 1972 film of the same name (the sequel to the 1971 killer rat film Willard). It was performed in the film by Lee Montgomery and by Michael Jackson over the closing credits. Jackson's single, recorded for the Motown label in 1972, spent one week at the top of the U.S. pop chart.[1] Billboard ranked it as the No. 20 song for 1972.[2] It also reached number one on the Australian pop chart, spending eight weeks at the top spot.[1] The song also later reached a peak of number seven on the British pop chart.[1] In 2004 the song appeared in The Ultimate Collection
"Ben" won a Golden Globe for Best Song. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1973, losing to "The Morning After" by Maureen McGovern from The Poseidon Adventure; Jackson performed the song in front of a live audience at the ceremony.[3] The song was Jackson's first U.S. #1 solo hit.
Background [ edit ]
Originally written for Donny Osmond, "Ben" was offered to Jackson as Osmond was on tour at the time and unavailable for recording.[4] In addition to its one week at #1 in the U.S., the song also later reached a peak of number seven on the British pop chart.[1] "Ben" won a Golden Globe for Best Song. It was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1973; Jackson performed the song in front of a live audience at the ceremony.[3]
Although Jackson had already become the youngest artist to ever record a number-one ("I Want You Back" with The Jackson 5, in 1970), "Ben" made him the third-youngest solo artist, at fourteen, to score a number-one hit single. Only Stevie Wonder, who was thirteen when "Fingertips, Pt. 2" went to number one, and Osmond, who was months shy of his fourteenth birthday when "Go Away Little Girl" hit number one in 1971 were younger. The song is one of Jackson's most re-released, having appeared on The Jackson 5 Anthology, The Best of Michael Jackson, Michael Jackson Anthology, Jackson 5: The Ultimate Collection, The Essential Michael Jackson, Michael Jackson: The Ultimate Collection, Hello World: The Motown Solo Collection, The Definitive Collection, the North American version of Number Ones (even though it's the 1981 live version), some versions of King of Pop and Icon.
A live recorded version was released on the 1981 album The Jacksons Live! and remixed versions have appeared on The Remix Suite, The Stripped Mixes and some versions of Immortal. After Jackson's death, singer Akon released a remix of the song with his own background vocals and Jackson's original vocal solo.
Chart performance [ edit ]
Covers [ edit ]
Marti Webb version (1985) [ edit ]
In 1985, the song became a top ten hit again in the UK when covered by Marti Webb[16] as a tribute to Ben Hardwick, a young liver transplant patient.[citation needed] This version reached #5 in the UK Singles Chart and was one of the singer's biggest hits.[16] The song's lyricist, Don Black, was at that time Webb's manager.[citation needed]
Crispin Glover version (2003) [ edit ]
Crispin Glover re-recorded a version of the song for the soundtrack of the 2003 remake of Willard. A music video for the song was also produced, which also featured Glover.
Critical reception [ edit ]
AllMusic editor Lindsay Planer wrote about the success of the song: "Like much of the Motown empire at the time, the title track's multimedia exposure, coupled with strong crossover appeal, ensured that "Ben" scored the artist his first Pop Singles' chart-topper" and he highlighted the track.[17] Rolling Stone editor Vince Aletti was not satisfied: "The title song is lovely, no doubt, and Michael packs it with a surprising amount of feeling (his delivery of "They don't see you as I do/I wish they would try to" still tears me up) but it's all a little too thick for my tastes."[18]
See also [ edit ]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Defense Department will put half its 800,000 civilian employees on unpaid leave next week and halt military activity not critical to national security if Congress fails to resolve a looming funding crisis, Pentagon officials said on Friday.
A worker cleans the entryway prior to former U.S. Senator Chuck Hagel's (R-NE) arrival for his first day as Secretary of Defense at the Pentagon in Arlington, Virginia, February 27, 2013. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst (UNITED STATES - Tags: POLITICS MILITARY) - RTR3ECLL
The U.S. military's 1.4 million uniformed personnel would continue fighting the Afghanistan war, patrolling the Mediterranean off Syria and conducting other operations considered necessary for security, but they wouldn't get paid until Congress resolves the spending dilemma, officials said.
It would be the second time in two months that many Defense Department civilian workers have been placed on unpaid leave due to ongoing budget fights between congressional Republicans and President Barack Obama's Democratic administration.
Funding for many U.S. government operations runs out next week with the start of the new fiscal year on October 1, and unless Congress reaches a deal to pay for its activities, much of the government will be forced to shut down. Only certain activities permitted under law are allowed to continue, officials said.
“During a lapse, DoD (the Defense Department) cannot pay military personnel and civilian personnel, even if they have been directed to work,” Pentagon Comptroller Robert Hale told reporters.
“We would be required to do some other bad things to our people,” he added, saying the Pentagon couldn't immediately pay death benefits to the families of troops who die on active duty and would have to close commissaries where many military families shop.
More than 600,000 civilian defense employees were placed on unpaid leave for six days in early August due to across-the-board budget cuts that went into effect in March, nearly halfway through the fiscal year.
“A lapse of appropriations causes civilian furloughs. It is one more blow to the morale of our civilian work force, and that morale is already low,” Hale said. “Even if a lapse never occurs, the planning itself is disruptive. People are worrying right now about whether their paychecks are going to be delayed rather than focusing on the mission.”
Hale's comments came as the department, the U.S. government's largest agency, released an eight page contingency plan to prepare its employees for a potential shutdown.
Officials said military personnel, who are paid twice a month, would receive their October 1 paychecks but might see their October 15 paychecks delayed if a government shutdown takes place and no funding deal has been reached by October 7.
Civilian employees are paid every two weeks and received a paycheck on Friday. If the government shuts down and they are placed on unpaid leave, they would be entitled to pay for the remaining four days of September at their next pay period, unless it is delayed because of the shutdown, officials said.
Deputy Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said in a memo accompanying the plan that U.S. forces would continue to fight in the Afghanistan war and conduct other operations “necessary for the safety of human life and protection of property” because those activities are exempted from a lapse in appropriations.
“All other activities would need to be shut down in an orderly and deliberate fashion,” Carter said.
Guidance issued by the department said contractors working under fully funded agreements awarded before appropriations ran out would continue working, but new or extended contracts could not be executed.
“No funds will be available to pay such new contracts or place additional increments of funding on contracts until Congress appropriates additional funds,” the contingency plan said.
In this speech, D. Koutsoumpas, speaking from Thessaloniki, which geographically is located in the "heart" of the Balkans, made detailed reference to the developments in the Balkans, to the sharpening of the inter-imperialist contradictions in the region. Below is an extensive extract from the speech, which is related to the situation in this region and the assessments.
"Dear comrades,
October confirmed in practice that the struggle for disengagement from the imperialist war is integrally linked to the struggle for worker's power and this strategy of the Bolsheviks was confirmed 100 years ago.
In particular, we want to discuss this experience today, when the confrontation, competition between the strong powers of the global capitalist world is also involving our region, the Balkans, the Aegean, the Eastern Mediterranean.
The relations of our country with the neighbouring Balkan countries, and also the Greek-Turkish relations and the Cyprus issue are entangled in this competition, in one way or another.
Here the "rope" is not simply taut, but is becoming a "knot" due to the contradictions, not only of the most powerful states, but of other smaller "links", of the plans of the region's bourgeois classes.
The multifaceted disputing of the sovereign rights and borders of Greece by the Turkish bourgeois class, and also by the bourgeois classes of other neighbouring countries, where nationalistic chauvinism is re-emerging, such as for example, in Albania, is taking place at a moment when in our wider region the war in Syria is being conducted, when the "cauldron is boiling", not only in the Middle East and North Africa, but also in Europe, in Ukraine, all along NATO's border with Russia.
This is why the decision of the SYRIZA-ANEL government to renew the U.S.-Greece mutual defense cooperation agreement is not a "routine" act but a move that entangles our country even deeper in the plans of the USA and NATO, which seek the reinforcement of the already very significant role of the naval-air-force base of Souda, a powerful "tool" in their war plans in the Mediterranean, as well as for a wider scope of operations.
At the same time, the maintenance and modernization of the base at Araxos is taking place so that it is ready to receive the transit of nuclear weapons, increasing the dangers for our people. And the government is concealing all this from the Greek people.
We call on you to be ready, to organize the struggle.
No to the bases and no to the nuclear weapons!
Indeed, when the US Vice President, Mike Pence, made statements in August that Russia seeks military conflict, the destabilization in the Balkans, anyone can understand why the USA is interested in reinforcing the Souda base and why the Defense Minister of the SYRIZA-ANEL is proposing to provide them with new territory for military bases and why the US ambassador in Athens is "touring" the Greek islands.
And these statements of the US Vice President which were made here, in the Balkans, in August and specifically in Montenegro, which hastily and without a referendum, as it had promised the people, entered NATO, are indicative of the intensification of the inter-imperialist contradictions in the wider region.
This summer's NATO military exercises in the Balkans, naval exercises in Bulgaria and military exercises in Romania,are very characteristic of this situation.
The SYRIZA-ANEL government completely involved in the NATO plans, sometimes invites NATO into the Aegean in the framework of the war in Syria and other times as a transit route for NATO forces, as was the case this summer. It does not safeguard the interests of the country, as it claims, but places the "noose" of the inter-imperialist antagonisms around the neck of our people.
So, when Greece is becoming a "tool" in the Euro-Atlantic plans against Russia. The bourgeois class of Russia, seeking to benefit from any fissure inside the opposing NATO alliance, signed an agreement with Turkey to sell it the modern Russian s-400 systems.
This is a move that is integrated in the inter-imperialist antagonisms and which are being conducted in every way. Diplomatically, as we see from the mutual expulsions of US-Russian diplomatic personnel, militarily, as we see from the increase and mutual targeting of the enormous arsenal, as well as economically, around how, for example, the international weapons' market will be divided up.
At the same time, however, such moves, at a time when Turkey is directly threatening the sovereignty of 17 Greek islands, only contributes to intensifying the arms race between the bourgeois classes. A race which the two peoples will pay for, at a time when the Greek and Turkish peoples are facing the impasses of the capitalist development path, poverty, unemployment, exploitation.
In addition, the sale of these weapons, even when they are considered to be "purely defensive" reinforce and strengthen the aggressiveness of the Turkish bourgeois class at the expense of Greece and other countries, like Syria, whose borders Turkey is disputing.
This is the reason why when the governments claim that our country is a "pillar of stability" is a "triangle of instability", because it is assimilated in the plans of the USA-ANTO-EU, they are once again telling lies.
In reality, they want the working class and our people to wear Euro-Atlantic "blinkers" which will impede them from seeing how dangerous our country's involvement in these antagonisms is, which serve aims alien to theirs and specifically aims related to how the bourgeois classes, above all the strongest ones, the "lions", and then the rest, the 'tigers", "hyenas", and even the "vultures", will share the "prey" of the energy resources, raw materials, the transport routes of the commodities, the market shares.
This is the reason the much vaunted "pillar of stability" of the SYRIZA-ANEL government, as well as the previous ND and PASOK governments is made of "straw", illusions, is built on the "shifting sands" of the instability of capitalist barbarity, of the economic crises and imperialist wars.
NATO cannot safeguard a resolution for issues amongst the Balkan countries, as it has not ensured a solution between Greece and Turkey for 65 years or in the relations between Greece and Albania.
Indeed, over the last 8 years when Albania has been a NATO member, the trend to expansionism, unacceptable territorial claims against Greece has not receded but on the contrary has intensified, while Albania cancelled the agreement on the EEZ in the Ionian Sea, which had previously been signed.
Of course, neither NATO nor the EU can vaccinate the Greece-FYROM relations with "peace" and "security".The rekindling in the recent period of discussions about the issue of the "name", the involvement of various mediators in order to resolve this issue is also integrated in the framework of the further assimilation of the neighbouring country in Euro-Atlantic imperialism.
The USA and its allies do not want at all to see the increase of the influence of their competitors in FYROM and its integration into energy plans and other plans that are in conflict with their own. In any case, we cannot forget that next door, on the borders with Kosovo, the USA has its biggest base in the world, Camp Bondsteel.
Nor can the various political-military axes, which are being promoted, like those with Israel or Egypt, safeguard "peace" and "prosperity".These "axes" which indeed they present as "richly dowered brides" and as a solution for the unimpeded exploitation of the energy wealth of Greece and Cyprus, for the salvation of the people in conditions of capitalist crisis, the only thing they can create are new torments for our people.
To begin with, because wherever "axes" are being created all over the capitalist world, life demonstrates that they find equally strong "anti-axes" in front of them, i.e. rival economic and geopolitical interests. Then it is well-known that the few, the enormous energy colossi profit from the exploitation of the energy wealth and not the working class, not the peoples!
This is the reason why the pressures being exerted on the Cypriot people are unacceptable, regarding an "alleged" solution to the Cyprus issue, in the name of the unimpeded exploitation of the energy resources by the monopoly groups and with the aim of legitimizing the consequences of the Turkish invasion-occupation and its results.
The KKE consistently expresses its solidarity with the Cypriot people against the Turkish invasion-occupation and every kind of dichotomous "solution".
Our party fights for a united Cyprus, for one and not two states, with one sovereignty, one citizenship, one international personality, for a common homeland for Greek-Cypriots and Turkish-Cypriots, without occupation and other foreign armies, without foreign bases, without guarantors and "protectors", with the Cypriot people masters in their own land."
19.09.2017
Kimbal Musk (born September 20, 1972) is a South African-born American entrepreneur, philanthropist, and restaurateur.
He owns The Kitchen Cafe, LLC, a family of community restaurants located in Colorado, Chicago, Memphis,[2] and Indianapolis.[3]
He co-founded Big Green, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that has built hundreds of outdoor classrooms called "Learning Gardens" in schoolyards.[4][5][6] Musk also co-founded Square Roots, an urban farming accelerator in Brooklyn, NY.[7][8][9] He currently sits on the boards of Tesla Inc., SpaceX, and Chipotle Mexican Grill.[10] He is the younger brother of billionaire businessman Elon Musk and a major Tesla shareholder.[11]
Early life [ edit ]
Musk grew up in an ambitious household, with his brother Elon, sister Tosca, and many cousins. His mother, Maye Musk, was a prominent dietician, and his father had his own engineering practice.[12] After finishing high school in Pretoria, South Africa, Musk left to meet his brother in Kingston, Ontario and enrolled in university to pursue a degree in business at Queen's University. While in school, Musk first worked at Scotiabank. He graduated with his degree from Queen's University in 1995.[1]
Business career [ edit ]
Musk's first entrepreneurship venture was a residential painting business with College Pro Painters in 1995, the same year he and his elder brother, Elon started their second company, Zip2. Zip2 Corporation was an online city guide that provided content for the new online versions of the New York Times and the Chicago Tribune newspapers. The company was sold in 1999 to Compaq for $307 million.[13]
After selling Zip2, Musk invested in several young software and technology companies. Musk was an early investor in his brother's venture X.com, an online financial services and email payments company. X.com merged with PayPal, which in October 2002 was acquired by eBay for $1.5 billion in stock.[14]
The Kitchen
While Elon stayed in California, Kimbal moved to New York[13] and enrolled into the French Culinary Institute in New York City. In April 2004, Musk opened The Kitchen Boulder, a community bistro in Boulder, Colorado with Jen Lewin and Hugo Matheson.[15] The Kitchen has been named one of "America's Top Restaurants" according to Food & Wine,[16] Zagat's,[17] Gourmet, OpenTable, and the James Beard Foundation.[18][19][citation needed]
Musk and Matheson expanded their restaurant for the first time and opened The Kitchen Upstairs, a cocktail lounge, which is located directly above The Kitchen Boulder. From 2006 to 2011 Musk served as the CEO of OneRiot, an advertising network for the real-time, social web. In September 2011 Walmart-Labs acquired OneRiot for an undisclosed purchase price.[20]
In 2011, Next Door opened in downtown Boulder as an Urban Casual, American eatery and is located right next door to the west of the original restaurant on Pearl Street Mall. Next Door has locations in Glendale[21] Stapleton, and Denver Union Station.[22] In 2012, The Kitchen Denver opened on the 16th Street Mall and expanded the restaurants' community to Denver.[23]
After seven years of supporting the Growe Foundation to plant school gardens in the Boulder community,[24] Musk and Matheson established The Kitchen Community[25] 501c3 nonprofit to help connect kids to real food by creating Learning Gardens in schools across America. Learning Gardens teach children an understanding of food, healthy eating, lifestyle choices and environment through lesson plans and activities that tie into existing school curriculum, such as math, science and literacy.[26]
Each of The Kitchen restaurants donates a percentage of sales to help plant Learning Gardens in their local community.[27] In 2012, The Kitchen Community built 26 gardens in Colorado, 16 in Chicago, and 12 more around the USA.[28]
In December 2012, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel handed The Kitchen Community nonprofit $1 million to install 80 gardens in Chicago city schools.[28] On February 2, 2015, The Kitchen Community celebrated its 200 Learning Garden build at Camino Nuevo Charter Academy, a high school in Los Angeles Unified School District which also marked the District's first SEEDS Project.[29]
By the end of 2015, four years after its founding, The Kitchen Community had built 260 Learning Gardens across Chicago, Denver, Los Angeles and Memphis.[30] In January 2018, The Kitchen Community (TKC), expanded into a national nonprofit called Big Green[6] and announced its seventh city, Detroit, to build outdoor Learning Garden classrooms in 100 schools across the Motor City.[31]
Personal life [ edit ]
Musk was divorced and has three children. As of 2015 , he lives in Boulder, Colorado.[32] In April 2018, he married Christiana Wyly, environmental activist and heiress daughter of billionaire Sam Wyly.[33]
The Pigot Diamond, also sometimes called the Pigott Diamond,[1] the Lottery Diamond,[2] or the Great Lottery Diamond,[3] was a large diamond that originated in India in the 18th century and was brought to England where at the time it was the largest diamond in Europe. It remained in Europe for half a century, changing hands several times until it was sold to the ruler of Egypt in the 1820s. What happened to it after that is unknown, inspiring a two-century mystery.
Pigot acquisition [ edit ]
The Pigot Diamond was obtained by Sir George Pigot during his term as British governor of Madras, the capital city of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu for the East India Company. He may have received it from an Indian prince in 1763.[1] This may have been the Rajah of Tanjore as Pigot had told the directors of the East India Company that he had received presents from the Rajah.[4] It also may have been Muhammad Ali Khan Wallajah, the Nabob of Arcot.[5] The diamond may have been mined at Golkonda. Diamonds were a common way to transfer money back to England at the time.[6] Pigot brought it to London, probably in June 1764 when he returned to England aboard the East Indiaman Plassey[7] after his first term as governor of Madress (1755-1763). The diamond was brought to England rough cut and subsequently cut as a fine, oval brilliant, and had an official recorded weight of 47.38 carats (9.476 g). The cutting is said to have taken two years and cost £3,000. The size of the rough stone is estimated to have been around 100 carats (20 g). At the time, it was the largest diamond in England.[8] It has been characterised as having a large table (the largest central facet of the crown) and girdle, but it is relatively shallow in depth giving it poor brilliance.[5]
On Pigot's death in 1777, he bequeathed it to his brothers, Robert (1721–1796), who commanded the left flank of the British forces at the Battle of Bunker Hill and Hugh (1722–1792), Commander-in-Chief of the West Indies fleet of the Royal Navy, and his widowed sister Margaret, the wife of Thomas Fisher.
Upon Robert's death in 1796, his share passed to his son George Pigot. Upon Hugh's death in 1792, his share passed to his widow Frances and their five children. The joint owners attempted to sell the diamond but were unsuccessful as the perceived intrinsic value was so high and no reasonable offers were made.[8]
An alternate account is that Pigot left the diamond to his children. Although unmarried, he had several natural children at the time of his death, all of whom were minors. Regardless of this, the diamond remained in the extended Pigot family.[9]
London lottery [ edit ]
A plan was conceived to conduct a lottery so that the Pigot family could receive full value without a single buyer willing and able to pay such an amount. Such a plan required the approval of the Parliament, who was so petitioned in February 1800, because games of chance were normally illegal. The petition was considered in the House of Commons and the House of Lords. There were arguments made for and against allowing the lottery, and it was approved on 2 July 1800. (An Act to enable Sir George Pigot Baronet, Margaret Fischer and Frances Pigot, to dispose of a certain Diamond by a Lottery[10] or The Pigot and Fisher Diamond Lottery Act of 1800)[11]
The terms of the lottery were that 11,428 tickets could be sold for two guineas each. Therefore, the sale of all tickets would realize £23,998. The value had been estimated at £25,000 to £30,000. Newspapers advertised the lottery beginning in August. Tickets were available from stockbrokers, jewellers, newspapers, and other companies. The winning number, 9488 was drawn on 2 March 1801 in Guildhall, London and had been purchased jointly by John Cruikshank, Richard Blanchford, and John Henderson of London and William Thompson of Walworth. The ticket was sold by Hornsby & Co.[8]
Christie's auction [ edit ]
Auction announcement for Pigot diamond at Christie's, London, 10 May 1802
Auction results for Pigot diamond at Christie's, London, 10 May 1802
The next known sale occurred in 1802 when it was sold by auction, as weighing 188 grains (47 carats) at Christie's on Pall Mall, the centre of London's fine art scene at the time, on 10 May for £9,500 to a pawnbroker in Soho, a Mr. Parker of Parker and Birketts.[4][12] Parker may have been acting on behalf of the famous London jewellers, Rundell and Bridge who in 1804 had obtained part ownership.[12]
Christie's used this description of the diamond:
"Its owners were unfortunate in its being brought to a market where its worth might not be sufficiently valued, where the charms of the fair needed not such ornaments, and whose sparkling eyes outshone all the diamonds of Golkonda. In any other county, the Pigot diamond would be sought as a distinction, where superior beauty was more rarely to be found."[2]
Attempted sale to Napoleon [ edit ]
In 1804, it was offered for sale to Napoleon Bonaparte, who was just made Emperor of the French by the French Senate. Rundell and Bridge thought this was an opportunity to interest Napoleon in the diamond. Since the ephemeral Peace of Amiens with England ended and France and England were again in conflict, the diamond had to be smuggled into France. It arrived in Paris after being brought through Holland by a man named Liebart, and was then offered to Napoleon by Laffitt & Co. Napoleon declined the offer, probably because he was aware it came from England, with whom he was still at war.[9] The Times of London prematurely reported on 26 November 1804 that Napoleon had purchased the diamond.[12]
Due to the conflict, the diamond was not immediately returned to England. It remained in France until 1816 when the situation stabilised and several lawsuits over the diamond were concluded.
Parker was anxious to obtain his share of the stone and contemplated a lawsuit which might have resulted in the diamond being divided into pieces, thus greatly reducing its value. Instead, Rundell and Bridge bought out Parker's share and became sole owners.[12] An alternate report is that Parker filed a lawsuit to determine the value of his share of the diamond, resulting in the buyout.[9]
E.W. Rundell went to France after the 1814 defeat of Napoleon to reclaim the diamond, but his lawsuit ended prematurely with the return to power of Napoleon who had escaped from exile in Elba. Rundell had to flee Paris, returning again after the final defeat of Napoleon in June 1815 at the Battle of Waterloo. Rundell filed another lawsuit which was ultimately successful, allowing the return of the diamond to England.[9]
The diamond was known to be in London in 1818[4][13] and 1821.[12]
Rundell and Bridge continued trying to sell the diamond, sending models to all the crowned heads of Europe.[9]
Egyptian sale [ edit ]
Rundell and Bridge finally sold the diamond to Muhammad Ali of Egypt, the self-declared Khedive of Egypt, for £30,000,[14] the sale having been negotiated by Samuel Briggs, the British Consul in Alexandria. The date of this sale is given as 1822, 1823,[15] and 1830.[12]
Mohammed Ali purchased the diamond as a gift for Mahmud II, the Ottoman sultan in Istanbul, one of many such gifts to Mahmud,[14] possibly to compensate for Ali not supporting the Ottomans in the suppression of Greek during the Greek War of Independence of 1821-1832[12][16][17] (a position for which the sultan called for his execution)[16] or to gain the sultan's acknowledgement of Ali's right to govern Egypt.[9]
An 1830 account details that the diamond was purchased in London by an agent of Muhammad Ali for Mahmud, and then taken by a British admiral in his coat pocket to the Royal Navy's naval port in Portsmouth, from where he was to depart for the Mediterranean.[16] Although England was one of the European nations that intervened on behalf of Greece and defeated the Ottoman fleet in the 1827 Battle of Navarino, it maintained cordial relations with the Ottomans in the earlier part of the conflict when the diamond was most likely sold.
The fate of the diamond after this time has not been established.[12]
Speculation [ edit ]
There are several stories about the diamond after it left England.
Ali Pasha [ edit ]
One legend says that the diamond was sold to Ali Pasha of Tepelena, the Ottoman pasha of the western part of Rumelia, the empire's European territory.[4] It then passed to the Sultan Mahmud II, either in Ali Pasha's lifetime, as part of his complicated dealings with the central Ottoman government, or after his execution, when his possessions were confiscated by the Sultan.[4][18]
However, another version of this legend is that Ali Pasha held on to the diamond until his last day; when mortally wounded on 5 February 1822, the dying Ali Pasha reportedly ordered that it be crushed to powder in his presence – which it was.[4][19] Since Ali Pasha died violently, having been shot multiple times and then immediately beheaded,[20] this is implausible.
Since Ali Pasha was executed in 1822, he could not have purchased the diamond and the association to him is based on confusion of his name, Ali Pasha of Tepelena, with the actual purchaser, Mohammed Ali Pasha.[12] There are also sources that say the confusion is in the opposite direction and Ali Pasha of Tepelena actually bought the diamond.
Spoonmaker's Diamond [ edit ]
It has also been suggested that the diamond passed from Egypt to Turkey and is now exhibited as the Spoonmaker's Diamond (Turkish: Kaşıkçı Elması), the most valuable single exhibit of the Imperial Treasury exhibitions at the Topkapi Palace Museum. However, the weight of the Spoonmaker's Diamond, 86 carats (17.2 g), is much larger than that of the Pigot Diamond (47.38 carats (9.476 g)), and it is of a different shape, precluding them from being the same stones.
This story survives because the origin of the Spoonmaker's diamond and how it came to the Ottoman Empire is not known. One version of the Spoonmaker's history is that a French officer named Pigot purchased the diamond from the Maharajah of Madras in 1774 (less than 10 years after Sir George Pigot received the Pigot diamond) and brought it to France from India. The diamond passed through several owners and was then sold by auction to Madam Bonaparte, Napoleon's mother. She then sold the diamond upon Napoleon's exile, to Ali Pasha of Tepelena, and upon his execution the diamond was confiscated by the Sultan Mahmud II and the "French Pigot Diamond" subsequently became the Spoonmaker's diamond.[21][22][23] The existence of a different "French Pigot Diamond" is unlikely as only the English Pigot diamond is listed in diamond reference books.[5]
Queen of Albania [ edit ]
A contemporary reference, which states that it attempts to be a "relatively" complete dictionary of gemology lists the Queen of Albania Diamond as a 49.03 carats (9.806 g) pear-shaped diamond, probably from South Africa, owned by Queen Geraldine of Albania until she sold it in London in 1960. It then states that this diamond "is believed...to be the same as the Pigott Diamond." Although the size is similar, the shape is different making this unlikely.[1]
Contradictory mentions [ edit ]
The November 1804 edition of The Gentleman's Magazine, a London periodical, published that the Pigot diamond was purchased by or for Madam Bonaparte, Napoleon's mother, for a necklace.[2]
In 1840, a British scholastic book said the Pigot diamond, after having been sold to Mohammed Ali, somehow came to be an ornament on Bonaparte's sword of state and in 1840 was in the possession of the King of France.[24] This is unlikely since the sale to Ali did not take place until after Bonaparte's death. Another famous diamond, the Pitt Diamond, that also originated in India before being acquired by an Englishman (Thomas Pitt), was sold to French royalty and eventually was mounted to the pommel of Napoleon's sword.
In an 1862 publication, the diamond's history was accurately recounted to the possession of Rundell & Bridge, but said it then went to a Portuguese Prince.[25]
A 1928 write-up said the diamond was sold by Rundell & Bridge in 1818 to "Ali Pasha, the Khedive of Egypt". Apart from the sale date being too early, this is otherwise correct. It then went on to tell the tale of Ali Pasha, Ottoman pasha of Europe ordering destruction of the stone. This is apparently another case of confusion of similar names. This source also erroneously states the diamond weighted 85.8 carats (17.16 g), as do others, lending credence to the speculation that the Pigot and Spoonmaker's diamond are the same. [26]
In 1858, an American magazine, Harper's New Monthly Magazine said that the diamond was brought to England in 1801, approximately 35 years later than the actual date, and was won in the lottery by a woman who then sold it to the Pasha of Egypt. This account bypasses the Christie's auction and the ownership by Rundell & Bridge.[3]
Other [ edit ]
Dr. George Frederick Kunz, American mineralogist, wrote about the mysterious Pigot Diamond in 1897 for the Century Magazine.[4]
See also [ edit ]
Tesla CEO Elon Musk has finalized plans for his cross-country Model S road trip, coming to the conclusion that he can make the trip in six days with just nine hours spent at the charging station thanks to a newly improved network of high-speed Supercharger stations across the nation. Musk first announced his plans to make the trip back in May, saying that he and his five sons were planning to drive across the US using only Superchargers.
Just finalized the LA to NY family road trip route in Model S. 6 day, 3200-mile journey with only 9 hrs spent charging. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) September 5, 2013
Musk notes that because he'll only need to charge for an hour and a half a day, he won't have to make any special stops to plug in. "We will only ever need to charge when stopping anyway to eat or sightsee," he said on Twitter. In addition to sightseeing and spending some quality time with his boys, Musk hopes that the trip will help to dispel whatever worries might remain about the Model S's limited range.
If the Nets were to hire Danny Ferry as their next GM, the first two questions would be about what got him dumped in Atlanta, his repetition of a Hawks scout's racially insensitive remarks about Luol Deng. The third would be about his relationship with Billy King.
Still, Stefan Bondy reports --and NetsDaily can confirm-- Ferry is part of the mix of candidates for the Nets GM job as is Bryan Colangelo. Multiple sources say the Nets are encouraged by the interest in both GM and head coaching jobs, but the search is in its infancy.
"League sources outside of the direct search told the Daily News that they expect the Nets to look at two other experienced candidates for GM -- Danny Ferry and Bryan Colangelo," writes Bondy, who notes that before his ouster in Atlanta, Ferry was a respected NBA executive. Ferry's reputation since the controversy has been endorsed by a number of people, including King and more importantly, Adam Silver, who's said it should not hurt his chances for a new job. An outside counsel's investigation of the incident also cleared him of any racial motivation in repeating his scout's comments.
Mikhail Prokhorov did interview Ferry for the GM job in 2010, but Ferry dropped out when he learned King, his long time friend and Duke teammate, was also in the running. Ferry had just been ousted from his job as GM of the Cavs. He was then hired as vice-president of basketball operations by the Spurs. In 2012, Ferry became GM of he Hawks. He built the Hawks into a team that, with minor tweeks, won the Eastern Conference last season.
Prokhorov told Sarah Kustok Monday that he has assembled "a small team to put forward the list of possible names." According to reports, the group includes Dmitry Razumov, CEO of ONEXIM and chairman of the Nets board; Brett Yormark, CEO of Brooklyn Sports & Entertainment; Irina Pavlova, CEO of ONEXIM Sports & Entertainment and Prokhorov's representative in New York; as well as Sergey Kuschenko, also a member of the Nets board and former GM of CSKA Moscow. Prokhorov returned to Moscow after Monday's loss to the Spurs.
The Nets owner told Monday's press conference, "As soon as we have our decision, it's better to start early than later. So now, we have very good position. We have the opportunity to meet people, to discuss strategy. We're not in a rush in making any deals. We're not in a rush of finding people, so we have time."
So You Wanna Publish on AppCenter
Helpful tips, common pitfalls, and frequently asked questions
Daniel Foré Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 26, 2017
It's official: there's been over 20 apps published through AppCenter Dashboard with more in development and on the way. Developers are excited that there is finally a fast and simple way to ship great, native, Open Source apps and earn an income while doing it. If you have an idea, now is the time to get it out there. But where do you begin? What should you look out for? And are there any little secrets you should know? Read on to find out!
Getting Started
If you've never written an app on elementary OS before, that's okay! We have a great getting started guide on our website. Need a little help learning Vala? Say no more, because Valadoc.org has several guides and videos including this great one from Egee:
Feel like your design chops need polishing? Check out our Human Interface Guidelines for an intro to UX design and things to keep in mind when designing your UI. And of course, all of our apps are completely Open Source on GitHub, so you can always poke through our source code if you're looking for code samples.
Common Pitfalls & Pro Tips
Once you have an app and are ready to publish, check out the AppCenter Dashboard Wiki. There's a neat list of things you should double-check before you hit the publish button, but here are a few more things to keep in mind:
AppCenter Dashboard enforces the Reverse Domain Name Notation (RDNN) for packages to avoid naming collisions. For most packages that's going to look something like com.github.user.appname . To keep things simple for you and to make sure your app passes testing, we recommend using that RDNN all throughout your app. Use it as your app ID when you send notifications. Use it as your binary name. Use it to namespace gsettings keys. Stay consistent, save yourself some headache, and learn to love your RDNN!
The first thing that people will see when they go to discover your app is your banner colors. Try to stand out with a unique and creative color combination (hint: blue is not a creative color) and ship an icon and isn't based on a square.
Try something other than blue and describe what people do (or don't do) when they have your app
Avoid overly common descriptions like “simple”, “easy-to-use”, etc. Focus on what your app enables people to achieve. Describe what you knew while building your app that your competitors don't.
Your screenshot needs to use elementary OS default settings (including window control position), have a transparent background, and should feature your app, not your whole desktop. You can easily take a transparent screenshot using the built-in screenshot tool and the “Grab the current window” screenshot mode.
The federal government is being urged to reconsider its expected decision to buy a fleet of F-35 fighters. This time the argument isn't about cost or procurement problems, it's about what's inside the plane.
The Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives released a report by Michael Byers this morning in Ottawa.
Entitled "One Dead Pilot," the report argues that fighter aircraft with a single engine — as the F-35 has — are too dangerous and unreliable to be used by the Canadian military.
"This issue is especially important for Canada, which has the longest coastline in the world and vast Arctic territories," writes Byers.
Bird strikes
In the report, Byers compares the F-35 to the single-engine CF-104 Starfighter, which the Canadian air force used from the 1960s to 1987 and which was involved in 110 crashes in that time.
A quarter of those crashes were attributed to bird strikes and the fact there was no secondary engine to allow the plane to keep flying.
Byers is the Canada Research Chair in Global Politics and International Law and the University of British Columbia and also a former NDP candidate.
"Engine failures will still occur, and when they do so away from an airport, a second engine is the only thing that can prevent a crash," Byers concludes.
Serious mistake
"The need for a twin-engine fighter jet is very clear, and purchasing a single-engine fighter jet would be a serious mistake," he said.
The government is expected to make a final decision on the replacement for the CF-18 as early as this week.
Although Byers says the F-35 is not the plane for Canada, he has no issues with other countries opting for the strike-fighter.
As an example, he notes the U.S. has a much higher density of airports on its territory — providing greater options for emergency landing in the event of engine failure.
Hedging bets
Byers also says the U.S. has "hedged its bets," by having in its air force fleet the twin-engine F-22.
"The United States bases many of its F-22s in Alaska," he adds. "The F-35s will not be based in Alaska because a single-engine plane is inappropriate for the Arctic — the United States Air Force has decided that."
Byers says the Royal Canadian Air Force has studied the F-35 carefully, and may very well have examined the issue of single-engine versus twin — but the RCAF isn't making its report public.
Welcome back to another episode of the Top Deck Time & we've got a packed show for you! Lumi and reec0 discusses ladder experience, whether Tavrod needs to be nerfed, recent ETS results and even prize structures for Events and season end rewards. Finally, Lumi and reec0 talk about an abomination that they've been playing recently: the insanely difficult to pilot and really flimsy infinite combo deck.
Wood Tier Destoryer – the infinite combo
4 Grenadin Drone (Set1 #5)
4 Torch (Set1 #8)
3 Annihilate (Set1 #269)
3 Haunting Scream (Set1 #374)
4 Quarry (Set1001 #15)
2 Second Sight (Set1 #207)
4 Whispering Wind (Set1 #202)
4 Kindle (Set1002 #2)
4 Wisdom of the Elders (Set1 #218)
4 Cabal Spymaster (Set1001 #14)
4 Crimson Firemaw (Set1002 #3)
4 Swindle (Set2 #129)
4 West-Wind Herald (Set1 #231)
2 Bad News (Set2 #30)
4 Fire Sigil (Set1 #1)
4 Primal Sigil (Set1 #187)
3 Shadow Sigil (Set1 #249)
4 Seats of Fury (Set0 #53)
2 Skycrag Banner (Set2 #186)
4 Seats of Cunning (Set0 #62)
4 Seats of Chaos (Set0 #60)
Advertisements
I had completely forgotten the gift exchange. I had published a morose, negative description of myself and was later to have the feeling confirmed by an attack of contact dermatitis, that left my right forearm blistered and bleeding. Nice Christmas! So I opened the little package and found the following items: A blue ray copy of the film Wall E. Most appropriate because I had complained about sitting around too much and the film is about a culture that has evolved into doing only that. Next was a nice letter, explaining that the sender felt somewhat at a loss to try and find me a gift because it sounded like my life was throwing me some curves. He made some positive suggestions and even did some research on local groups that might spark an atheist, photographer's interest. The third item was three little colored throat lozenges, which I thought strange until I read the letter. They were medicinal but the main ingredient was a form of Cannabis Sativa available to certain people that need a boost without smoking. So I tried those out and discovered that I am more dependent on pain medication than I thought I was. So now I'm trying to wean myself off of them but it's slow going. You can't just quit, the body won't hear of it and without the level of medication I was taking, the body goes into a sort of panic mode. I have headaches and feel blurry but if I hadn't had the time to step back and examine what was happening to me, I would have continued doing what I was doing. So just those three lozenges and a very polite, even gentile letter have helped me to see a way through. It won't be easy, I know there will be a physical rebellion. I have been taking pain meds for years and finding ways to supplement or enhance their effect by taking other drugs. Over time, however, the pain response is heightened and it takes ever increasing doses of medication to ward off pain. A doctor recently told me to begin the process of weaning myself off opiates and thanks to a perfect stranger, the process has begun. Although only three days into it, I have eliminated about 30% of the various combinations of drugs that I was ingesting and have made a plan to continue until the 14th, when the amount of opiate will be just one pain pill. At that point I will stop completely and use opiates for extreme pain. Cross your fingers.
Power Ranking the Best College Football Fan Reactions of 2012
With college football only a stones throw away (31 days to be exact!), power rankings and preseason polls are popping up all over the place. This is just lighter fluid to fuel the slow burning embers that are a result of summer sport fatigue. People go bat shit crazy about these polls and rankings as if they actually mean something. This crazy is only a primer for the reactions we can expect when foot meets ball (bear [Bryant] with me – oh, fuck these puns). These reactions serve as great supplements to good games, and sometimes they are talked about more than the match up itself. So I submit to you, deranged college football fanatics, the power rankings of some of the best reactions of the 2012 season.
5. Texas Siren Speaks of Sooners
This isn't the first time America has witnessed an attractive female from the University of Texas drop some expletives on national television and I'm sure it won't be the last. Why? Because camera guys are creepy and love schadenfreude.
When trying to capture either a wry grimace or tears of frustration from this fan during the Longhorns' terrible loss in the Red River Shootout, they received an agitated and animated F-Bomb. You can see they tried to quickly pull the camera away because Disney still wants to keep the “It's a Small World” machine running, dammit.
There's actually a great interview that Longhorn SBNation blog, Barking Carnival, conducted with this stunned Texas fan. You might think she's foul mouthed and vulgar – I'd argue that she was the personification of UT football and a representative of the anguish we all feel at our struggling teams sometimes. You're the voice of the people, Ms. F-Bomb!
4. Clemson Fan Doesn't Like Pickens County, Flash Photography, and Football
Who could blame this young man? His beloved Tigers are losing for a fourth straight year to their in-state rival, South Carolina, there's a camera in his face, and, oh yeah, the bars shut down at midnight in Pickens County. Of course he's gonna be pissed.
The best part of his passionate finger flying antics is the attempt to figure out what he's saying. I've been trying to lip read for hours: “Fuck this football”? “Fuck this poll?” “I hate balls”? “Oh, this blows”? “I need more bowls”? What are you trying to tell us, angry Tiger? I would get Dabo to translate, but he's strung out on Five Hour Energy in front of Howard's Rock, safeguarding it until the season starts.
3. Tennessee Fan Gets Gross
Ugh, Alabama. I know. It sucks, dude. They come in with their chest tattoos thinking they got too much ‘Bama in them, and then this happens. Never mind this is the umpteenth time this has happened. This was pretty inevitable. I get your frustration, but please, screaming eagles? It's a bit much. Why do you have to perform this act in front of millions to see? Because you think it's hilarious that ESPN now has footage of you gesturing as if you were well, uhm, never mind. Keep it classy, Big Orange.
(Actually, don't – this is great stuff)
2. WAZZU FAN CHUGS FIREBALL, BRO
FIREBALL FAN: “UCLA scored already?! Fuggs it – this is gonna be a long one, guys.”
[fan pulls out Fireball bottle and starts chugging]
WAZZU CROWD: “GO GO GO”
FIREBALL'S FRIEND: “Dude, the camera guys on it.”
FIREBALL FAN: “Mmmmmmmmmhsklalbalhgs”
[Fireball fan holds fist high]
FAUX BEARD FAN: “Lemme get my beard beanie in the shot. Hahaha”
FIREBALL'S FRIEND: “Get out of the shot, BRO. Look at my man go!”
FIREBALL FAN: “WAZZERRRRRRRR”
[fan puts Fireball down to see camera is gone. People are patting him on the back as he stares at what feels like a thousand yards in front of him. The hysteria and the alcohol starts to get to him. He sees Jim Mora, Jr. on the field]
FIREBALL FAN: “PLAYOFFSTH?! DERN'T TWALK TO MUH ABOOT PLAYOFFSTH”
1. The Biggest Petey Pablo Fan of 2012
While anguish and welpness bring us some of the best fan reaction, there's nothing like unadulterated joy and happiness that all of us can rally around. What better way to do it than the fan reaction equivalent of a FAT GUY TOUCHDOWN. It's sweepingly beautiful, and, I believe, Petey Pablo cried when he saw this display of unabashed pride.
The wonderful incident above occurred in Raleigh where Jimbo Fisher's squad decided to throw all “Florida State Back” narratives in the toilet. The week after they beat Clemson in Doak-Campbell they limped along in an awful display against NC State who was having a fairly lackluster year. When you lose to the conspiracy theorists of the ACC, you lose big (as Clemson will tell you in 2011). But this win was capped by a man who knew that the right thing to do in this situation was to raise up and do it for whom? US US US!
Let that freak flag fly, Pack fan. Let it fly.
Advertisements
Online hacktivist group Anonymous has blocked access to Mexican Senate and Interior Ministry websites. The attack is a protest against a proposed law that will see those who violate copyright online fined one million pesos (over $100,000).
The proposal, from conservative senator Federico Doring, is widely seen as the Mexican version of the SOPA/ PIPA bills, denounced by Wikipedia and other web giants, as well as by the internet community at large, as a threat to internet freedom.
Google, YouTube, Yahoo, AOL and many others have likened the bills to China-style censorship. The deals were supposedly created to protect copyrighted material, but most believe they would cripple the internet, effectively killing all websites allowing user-uploaded content, endangering potential whistleblowers and severely damaging online freedom of speech.
The controversial bills have been shelved indefinitely by the US Congress after the wave of protests and blacking out of popular websites such as Wikipedia, to get the point across.
Despite the victory of internet users in the SOPA/PIPA case, however, other battles rage on. Another controversial treaty – ACTA, an international agreement aimed at protecting intellectual property – sparked mass protests in Poland after its signing by the country.
Anonymous has already targeted official websites in the countries that have signed ACTA. They struck the Polish, French and Czech government websites, as well as the sites of the Irish ministries of justice and finance, the European Parliament, Ireland's Innovation Minister Sean Sherlock and Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk.
The proposed Mexican law is the new target for Anonymous, who seem ready to tackle any organization or government on the planet that threatens internet freedom and free speech. Anonymous claimed responsibility for the attacks on Mexican websites on their Spanish Twitter account Friday.
Interior Secretary Alejandro Poire told a news conference that the ministry's site had been blocked late morning. It lasted for a little less than five minutes, the site was not compromised and officials were investigating, Poire said.
Doring said in his Twitter feed that Anonymous have the right to show they are against his proposal, but do not have the right to attack websites. He also insisted that the proposal "does not contemplate any criminal punishment" and would not sanction users of social networks because they do not make a profit.
This is not the first time the elusive internet collective is operating on Mexican online turf. Last October, Anonymous threatened to publish information on drug cartels in the country, with the main focus on Los Zetas (one of the most powerful and violent drug cartels) and those, who have been collaborating with the cartels, such as police officers and taxi drivers.
Anonymous posted an online message to Los Zetas drug lord Heriberto Lazcano, reminding him of the futility of trying to fight them, as the "global spirit of this struggle cannot be shot at, or burned with acid."
Over 47,000 people have been killed in Mexico since 2006 at the hands of the cartels.
by
Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival //
Golden Gate Park – San Francisco
August 9th-11th, 2013 //
UPDATE: The Outside Lands schedule has been announced. Check out these conflicts.
The Outside Lands lineup for 2013 has been unleashed, and it's as strong as ever. We made our predictions, and they were pretty good, but now it's time to take a look at the sets that peak our interest most.
There are so many incredible artists not listed below, including Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Grizzly Bear, Yeasayer, Kurt Vile and A-Trak. But with so many great acts to see (and we're not even including the comedy tent, the Heineken Dome, late-night shows around SF or possible pop-up shows), it's good to get an idea of which sets you will want to see, as conflicts will happen. Here are ten sets we're looking forward to.
Follow our Outside Lands 2013 playlist on Spotify, featuring three tracks from each artist.
Paul McCartney
Were you one to pass up on Stevie Wonder last year for Skrillex? Then this does not matter to you. The ‘law of legend' applies here — you don't pass on a set by a member of The Beatles, with the exception of Ringo. Even then you probably should pick a Ringo set. I like dance music plenty, and often an EDM show can be the single most fun thing you can do at a music festival. It's just not an option here, not for Kaskade or Pretty Lights — have an after-party at your apartment after the festival to make up for it and piss off your neighbors. Paul's son James will also perform, so look for a father-son collaboration and other special guests. Macca would be an ideal Sunday closing set, but look for Sir Paul to play Friday or Saturday since he has dates scheduled in Canada the Monday through Wednesday after Outside Lands. -MF
Nine-Inch Nails
Trent Reznor just cannot slow down. It's a simple musical fact. Whether it's winning Academy Awards for the “Social Network” soundtrack or forming a new band with his wife, he never lets up and he has totally reconfigured the 90's industrial-rock staple that we have grown to love. With Adrian Belew of King Crimson fame playing guitar on NIN's latest studio effort Hesitation Marks, songs are sure to take on a new identity, which seems to be what Reznor is going for. Add in Josh Eustis of now-defunct Telefon Tel Aviv, and this latest lineup that Reznor has put together is sure to excite the masses in Golden Gate Park. -KQ
UPDATE 5/15: Bassist Eric Avery has decided to quit the band.
Vampire Weekend
Vampire Weekend has gone from “skip” to “must-see” at Outside Lands with the release of their new album Modern Vampires Of The City, and what a gem it is. It's convinced me not to skip them this year, unless they are up against personal bucket-lister Sir Paul McCartney. Their live act was beginning to feel stale, but the introduction of inspired new material with improved songwriting makes this Outside Lands set one not to miss. Do yourself a favor – check out Vampire Weekend and their new songs live. -KR
D'Angelo
The R&B genius is back at it after a multiyear hiatus, and this return has been slow and seemingly calculated, making one wonder if an album isn't too far behind. His recent shows in NYC were widely hailed for their simplicity in intstrumentation, anchored by D'Angelo's smooth vocals and a mix of old favorites, new offerings and choice covers. One cannot deny the brilliance of albums like VooDoo and Brown Sugar, and though it's a name from the past for many, he is an artist with a rising stock. -KQ
The National
The nuanced, somber music created by The National is not for everyone, but those who are into The National love them, and for good reason. The knock-you-down then build-you up songwriting structure the Brooklyn-based indie group uses is contemplative yet comforting, and their show setlists include songs from their extensive catalogue. The National's sixth LP will be available May 21, and you can stream it now (and it's pretty damn good). The Pro-move here will be ditching a larger group to slinky up to the front of the main stage with a few like-minded friends, as proximity will be key – you'll want to be closer to swooning super-fans with their hand over their heart as opposed to loud drunk chick inadvertently chatting into your ear during the quiet parts. The National will be performing in Los Angeles Saturday and Sunday, so plan on seeing them Friday. -MF
The Tallest Man on Earth
Kristian Matsson's one-man show as The Tallest Man on Earth is a bit of a surprise on the bill. The Swedish singer-songwriter is not scheduled to play any other shows in the US after Bonnaroo summer, so San Francisco seems to be getting a one-off treat in August. He's tenacious on stage, whipping around like a cobra ready to strike at critical moments for added emphasis. Matsson's gritty, passionate vocals can be hynotic, and The Tallest Man should help music fans float away at the main stage with a mid-afternoon time slot. -MF
Foals
Already approaching headliner status across the pond, these English rockers produce indie dance-punk that that runs the emotional gamut, from mysterious wall-of-sound ragers (“Inhaler”) to upbeat, rock-your-socks-off party anthems (“My Number”). No matter where the music takes you sonically, it's pretty impossible to not dance, or at least gyrate when seeing this act live. Their set at Coachella was a top set of the weekend, and word is spreading about their third LP Holy Fire – it's one of the best records of 2013 so far. Foals are performing in Los Angeles on August 9th, so plan on catching them Saturday or Sunday (and hopefully at a late-night show, fingers crossed). -MF
Gary Clark Jr.
This hard-rocking blues guitarist has been making waves for the past year or two, and is on a meteoric quest to the top. Whether he is sitting in with the Stones in NYC or for the President at the White House, Clark can't stop turning heads and taking names with his virtuosic guitar chops. Much like Alabama Shakes last year, the popularity of this act lies in a modern spin on Southern music and its palpability to many age groups. Fans of the blues are sure to be pleased as Clark weaves that genre into other styles, creating something fully unique. -KQ
Chromatics
The shimmering beauty from the Chromatics will shower upon Golden Gate Park as they continue to tour on the strength of their 2012 LP Kill for Love. Ruth Radelet's angelic-cool voice breezes over minimalist noir-electro disco, and their live performance can be serious, sexy and danceable all the same time. Chromatics are one of the only acts in synth-pop territory this year at Outside Lands, so plan on seeing this foursome if you're a fan of the Drive soundtrack (they were in it). -MF
Atlas Genius
Is Atlas Genius the Foster the People of 2013? When one hears the slickness of summer-tinged track “Trojans,” it's pretty clear that it's a strong contender for ‘Song of the Summer.' One could even dub them part of the ‘Australian Invasion' over the past few years alongside the likes of Tame Impala, Cut Copy and Empire of the Sun, all heralded acts that Atlas Genius will inevitably be compared to. When It Was Now will certainly fuel their massive summer schedule of festivals galore and loads more radio airplay. -KQ
Advertisements
CHARLESTOWN, Ind. (AP) — A man arrested in Southern California with three assault rifles who told police he was headed to a gay pride event had earlier been ordered by a judge in his home state of Indiana to give up all his guns.
But authorities there said Monday that they didn't make any surprise checks on James Wesley Howell to confirm he was following the probation requirement.
Howell has a California court appearance tentatively scheduled for Tuesday, but it wasn't yet clear what charges he'll face, if any.
He was arrested early Sunday in Santa Monica with the weapons and explosives in a car he apparently drove from Indiana. He told police he was headed to a gay pride event in West Hollywood that attracts hundreds of thousands of people.
It's unclear whether Howell, 20, intended any violence at the LA Pride event, but the timing of the arrest — hours after the massacre at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida — put police and event organizers on heightened alert.
An Indiana probation officer met with Howell of Charlestown, Indiana, three weeks ago, rated him a low-level offender, and had yet to schedule the in-home visit, said James Hayden, chief probation officer in Clark County.
Howell didn't have permission to leave Indiana after pleading guilty to a misdemeanor intimidation charge. Authorities there are seeking to have him returned as a probation violator.
Court records in Indiana and friends depict Howell as a gun enthusiast with a quick temper.
Twice within four days last October he was accused of pulling a gun and making threats. The first incident involved Howell's then-boyfriend and the second a neighbor, identified in police records as Jeremy Hebert.
This Story Filed Under
Image: Finavia
Domestic flights in Finland are set to increase in price after an EU decision that means the charges applied to them will have to rise. The EU has ruled that Finavia, the state-owned aviation services company, has to charge the same for domestic Finnish flights and flights within the EU's internal market.
It had previously made similar demands of the Norwegian company Avinor and the Swedish firm Swedavia.
At present the charge per passenger for a domestic flight is 11.70 euros, while that for a flight to a Schengen destination is a little over 15 euros. The EU's decision is expected to raise the cost of flying within Finland, while reducing it slightly for flights to airports within the Schengen area.
Finavia has to present proposals for equalising these charges this year, and is set to ask for a two-year transition period.
The Derby Labour Party rhetoric is that, Council funding has been cut, for the last 6 years, since the Conservative Party came to power in 2010, leading to a reduction in services. This aspect of the equation is simply not true.
When I have written about this before, a number of people who commented, felt that this was totally flawed, almost amounting to propaganda. To check my understanding , I had a meeting with Paul Robinson (Chief Exec – Derby City Council) and Martyn Marples (Chief Finance Officer – Derby City Council) this week – they confirmed the basic statement that funding over this period has been essentially flat ( see chart below)
The element of the funding which is exploited, politically, is the Revenue Support Grant ( red section of the bar on the chart below). This is one of the grant sources from Central Government, it has reduced since 2013/14 ( when it was introduced). At that time it was just 28% of the total funding – the other 72% came from Council Tax, Business Rates, and other specific grants. It is now 15% of the total.
For comparison, in the period, 2013/14 – 2017/18 – Nottingham City Council's total funding reduced by £63m, to £238m , and Leicester City Council by £57m to £256m – definitely not flat!
In 2016/17 – DCC funding equates to £880 / head of population ; Nottingham £756/head and Leicester £796/head.
Any Council ( and any large organisation) will be fundamentally inefficient which leaves plenty of scope for saving money without impacting on any front-line services. Despite all of these efforts, and they are never-ending, there will be inflationary pressures on the budget, as well as increased demands due to older people, new legislation etc. Where this becomes a problem with “flat” funding is a moot point, and open to speculation.
Some spending requirements are set by legislation, some are based on local priorities, and political objectives. The ruling Labour Council never entertain a discussion about those decisions that they, as a political group, have taken, which impact on the people of Derby where an alternative, more favourable outcome could have been delivered. They take no accountability for that action, once again, simply blaming the Government – that is where it is disingenuous. That is what needs to be made more transparent through the “rhetoric fog”.
There is a longer term debate over the funding of local authorities. However as this is ideological, and unlikely to change before the next election in 2020 the local task is to manage within the constraints that have been set….and in the best interests of the people of Derby.
As I've said many times before, if you cannot stand up and be accountable for the decisions that you've taken then you should not be in a position of leadership….no matter how hard, and unfair it might seem.
Postscript
I hope to be able to write an article, soon,which explains about the financial pressures that the Council has from changing demographics, and increased legislation.
Despite the Paradise Papers' revelations, most British people prefer to focus on the perceived crimes of the poor. We must show how tax avoidance harms us all
The Paradise Papers have once again revealed the ingenuity and energy the super-rich are willing to deploy to keep their money away from the taxman. By illuminating the scale of this injustice, journalists have provided an invaluable service. And yet the revelations do not seem to have generated the level of public outrage that might have been expected.
How to stop the super-rich looting our wealth: make it illegal | Phil McDuff Read more
At a time of staggering global inequality, it is perhaps surprising that people are not more animated by the determination of the ultra-rich to avoid their obligations to support our roads, hospitals, soldiers and schools – when regular citizens are unable to take advantage of such arrangements. However, this relative lack of concern is consistent with research on people's attitudes towards tax avoidance.
Last year's British Social Attitudes survey asked Britons about their feelings on this issue. Our analysis of this data (with Ben Baumberg Geiger of the University of Kent) revealed that the British public believes tax avoidance to be commonplace (around one third of taxpayers are assumed to have exploited a tax loophole). In moral terms, people seem rather ambivalent; less than half (48%) thought that legal tax avoidance was “usually or always wrong”.
By contrast, more than 60% of Britons believe it is “usually or always wrong” for poorer people to use legal loopholes to claim more benefits. In other words, people are significantly more likely to condemn poor people for using legal means to obtain more benefits than they are to condemn rich people for avoiding tax. This is a consistent finding across many different studies. For example, detailed interviews conducted by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis found that people “tended to be far more exercised by the prospect of low-income groups exploiting the system than they were about high-income groups doing the same”.
This discrepancy is reflected in government priorities. Deep public antipathy towards benefit “scroungers” has been the rock upon which successive Conservative-led parliaments have built the case for austerity. Throughout his premiership, David Cameron, along with his chancellor, George Osborne, kept the opposition between “hardworking people” and lazy benefit claimants right at the centre of their messaging on spending cuts. Though gestures have been made towards addressing widespread tax avoidance by the wealthy, very little has actually been achieved. This stands in stark contrast to the scale and speed with which changes have been made to welfare legislation.
Will the Paradise Papers shift the public's focus? The leaks alone are seemingly not enough. The 2016 British Social Attitudes survey was conducted just four months after the release of the Panama Papers. Even then, the British public remained more concerned about benefit claimants than tax avoiders.
Fundamentally, the Paradise Papers are about numbers – vast sums of money disappearing offshore that could be spent on public services here in the UK. However, as the former chair of the UK Statistics Authority, Andrew Dilnot, has often pointed out, people are bad at dealing with numbers on this scale. Unless you are an economist or a statistician, numbers in the millions and billions are just not particularly meaningful.
The key is to link these numbers to their consequences. The money we lose because people like Lewis Hamilton don't pay some VAT on their private jet means thousands more visits to food banks. The budget cuts leading to rising homelessness might not have been necessary if Apple had paid more tax. Fewer people might have killed themselves after a work-capability assessment if companies like Alphabet (Google) had not registered their offices in Bermuda, and the downward pressure on benefits payments was not so intense.
Why have we built a paradise for offshore billionaires? | Thomas Frank Read more
The causal chains connecting these events are complex and often opaque, but that does not make their consequences any less real, especially for those who have felt the hard edge of austerity.
The Paradise Papers have dragged the murky world of offshore finance into the spotlight. However, calls for change may founder against the British public's persistent focus on the perceived crimes of the poor. That is, unless we – as academics, politicians, journalists and others – can articulate how the decisions of the very rich contribute to the expulsion of the vulnerable from the protection of state-funded public services. Quite simply, people get hurt when the rich don't pay their taxes.
• Robert de Vries is a lecturer at the University of Kent; Aaron Reeves is a research fellow at LSE's International Inequalities Institute
1 You Don't Fight That Much Crime (And the Game Rewards You for It)
Secret Identity Studios/Marvel Entertainment
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
When I log on to Marvel Heroes, I disappear for seven or eight hours each night, severing all contact with friends and family until the sobering light of dawn. On paper, this is a perfect representation of the life of a superhero, and if you knew nothing else about me other than my bizarre habit of completely vanishing every single night of the week, you might reasonably assume that I was donning a sculpted rubber chest plate and back-flipping across moonlit rooftops in search of banditry. With the amount of time I've poured into this game, I could've probably developed the necessary skill set to battle real, actual crime.
The thing is, I'm not even fighting that much make-believe crime, because the game barely rewards you for it. The main focus of Marvel Heroes is its loot system, which refers to the equipment, power-ups, and even extra playable heroes that various enemies have a random chance of dropping after they've been defeated. As I mentioned earlier, the only other way to get any of these items is by laying down cash for them in the game's store. Consequently, the majority of players who sign on to Marvel Heroes are just there to replay the same boss fights over and over in hopes that the boss will cough up a rare piece of loot, thus saving them from having to buy anything. This process is called farming, and despite my noble exterior, I am not above prioritizing it ahead of foiling purse snatchers or rescuing besieged street vendors from the fury of Electro.
Secret Identity Studios/Marvel Entertainment
See all that junk on the ground? Yeah, that's what we're playing for.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So, instead of actually providing any meaningful assistance to the downtrodden virtual populace, most of my time as the Hulk is spent punching Magneto in the face to try to get him to drop an awesome power-up that may or may not even be in his pocket since the process is totally randomized. Throwing that same set of dice over and over again is way more important to me than preventing arsonists from burning down Hell's Kitchen. That's an actual mission the game keeps trying to give me, by the way -- cops will come out and wave frantically at me, begging for my help to save innocent people from a wave of frenzied arsonists. But I jog right on by every time, because I've got to go re-kick the Green Goblin's ass and see if he drops a pair of magic boots for me to pick up. Maybe if the poverty-stricken residents of Hell's Kitchen could offer me an enchanted belt buckle, I'd consider dragging them out of their blazing tenement cave-in, but until then, the Hulk has better shit to do. C'mon, H.E.R.B.I.E.
Secret Identity Studios/Marvel Entertainment
"Call the fire department, lady. What do we look like to you?"
Tom can leap tall buildings in a single bound, provided they haven't been assembled yet. Read his novel Stitches and follow him on Twitter and Tumblr.
A demonstrator open carries a rifle during clashes with counterprotesters at Emancipation Park, where white nationalists were protesting the removal of the Robert E. Lee monument in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Aug. 12. Samuel Corum/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images
This story was co-published as part of a partnership with the Trace, a nonprofit news organization covering guns in America.
When Dwayne Dixon heard that Ku Klux Klan demonstrators were preparing to march through downtown Durham, North Carolina, on Aug. 18, he grabbed his semi-automatic rifle and set off to join a group of counterprotesters. Not a week earlier, and less than 200 miles away, hundreds of white nationalists and anti-racist protesters had clashed on the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia, in a march that involved a multitude of weapons, unregulated armed militias, and, ultimately, a murdered bystander. Dixon wanted to be prepared to defend himself and others from the anticipated swarm of newly emboldened white supremacists said to be descending on his North Carolina city.
The KKK marchers never showed up in Durham—the rally had been a rumor—and the day ended without any of the violence wrought in Virginia. It did not end uneventfully for Dixon, however: He was arrested by sheriff's deputies and disarmed at the scene.
The issue before local governments in the wake of the “summer of hate” is simply this: Can law enforcement intervene against the guns carried as part of a march or a protest in public spaces before bullets are fired, or only after? A lawsuit filed just last week in Charlottesville addresses part of that problem, arguing that private militias break the law when they usurp the role of the police and National Guard. But what about individuals choosing to open carry in jurisdictions and circumstances where that behavior is permitted, and who claim to be merely exercising their First Amendment rights? As militant ideologies normalize, and communities lose faith that the police can protect them, an open question in open carry jurisdictions is whether gun carrying can be considered a threat before anyone gets hurt.
Laws long enshrined in North Carolina and several other states hold that the answer is “yes,” at least when certain conditions are met. It was one of those laws that sheriff's deputies in Durham used to take Dixon, the armed leftist counterprotester, off the streets in August. In addition to breaking a state law that bans guns at demonstrations, Dixon was charged with a second crime, called “going armed to the terror of the public.” The language sounds fusty because it is: It comes from a centuries-old English statute that predates the American Revolution. In North Carolina, officers and prosecutors are finding plenty of modern-day applications for the law, bringing charges for “going armed to the terror of the public” 344 times last year.
The 14th-century “Statute of Northampton,” as it was known, explicitly forbade publicly carrying pistols and daggers—whether “secretly” or in the “open” … “to the terrour of all people professing to travel and live peaceably.” The prohibition migrated to the American colonies, such that, for instance, Massachusetts passed a law modeled on the Statute of Northampton barring residents from going out to “ride or go armed offensively, to the fear or terror of the good citizens of this Commonwealth.”
Several other American states imported the concept into their laws. Along with North Carolina, Tennessee, Alabama, and Virginia adopted versions of the ban on intimidating gun carrying. Others, like Connecticut and New Jersey, incorporated the prohibition in their manuals for justices of the peace. By the middle of the 19th century, at least 17 states had adopted laws against weapons carrying that looked very much like North Carolina's “going armed to the terror of the public” law. Even the gun rights stronghold of Texas makes it a crime to carry a firearm in public “in a manner calculated to alarm.”
Constraints on “going armed to the terror of the public” are among the many valid boundaries that local governments have placed on the right to bear arms, which the late Justice Antonin Scalia held was not “unlimited” in his majority opinion in the Heller case.
Saul Cornell, a legal historian, distilled the idea behind this specific form of firearms restrictions when he wrote: “The liberty interest associated with the right to arms was always balanced against the concept of the peace.”
***
As the gun rights contingency pushes for more gun carrying in more public places, concerns for public peace are again taking shape as a compelling governmental consideration—especially now that we're seeing those expansive public carry rights layered with a zeal for armed protest. In politically turbulent times, cities from San Francisco to Knoxville, Tennessee, to Kansas City, Missouri, are giving this historic reverence for public safety new relevance by choosing to ban guns at rallies. Far away from the police cordons, long-standing prohibitions against having your gun frighten the devil out of your neighbors have also been invoked to keep sensitive spaces gun free. Last spring, as gun owners tried (for now, in vain) to get the Supreme Court to hear their challenge to California's concealed carry permit system, lawyers working on behalf of Everytown for Gun Safety filed an amicus brief in which they raised “going armed to the terror of the public” laws as an example of our nation's historic regulation of guns for the purpose of public safety. (Everytown provides funding to the Trace.)
In North Carolina, the arrests at the Aug. 18 phantom Klan cavalcade show police deploying the law specifically to rein in armed protest. Along with Dixon, sheriff's deputies sought warrants for the same violation against four others who also brought guns to the streets of Durham that day.
Dixon himself believed he was lawfully carrying openly in accordance with North Carolina's laws, a theme that repeats itself often on Second Amendment websites. But police had received complaints from passerby who were scared by the sight of the armed protesters and the weaponry they possessed—and those public concerns, in the eyes of law enforcement, superseded the armed men's open carry rights. Dixon's arrest warrant noted that he was “armed with a semi-automatic weapon rifle capable of firing multiple shots within seconds, which upon observance by members of the public caused alarm and concerns for safety.”
Police officers in Fayetteville, North Carolina, also turned to the law when responding to a more benign situation in 2015. A Fort Bragg soldier had gone to a shopping mall to be photographed, in full Army garb and carrying his assault rifle. Bystanders called 911 to report the sight, and officers swept the mall. Observing that the soldier was indeed armed, in public, and to the perturbation of fellow shoppers, the police levied the “going armed to the terror of the public” charge.
Which is precisely the tool that such laws were intended to provide to public safety agencies. In a case dating back to 1968, the North Carolina Supreme Court cautioned rather presciently:
In this day of social upheaval one can perceive only dimly the tragic consequences to the people if either night riders or daytime demonstrators, fanatically convinced of the righteousness of their cause, could legally arm themselves, mass, go abroad, and display their weapons for the purpose of imposing their will upon the people by terror. Such weapons – unconcealed and “ready to be used on every outbreak of ungovernable passion” – would endanger the whole community. The wisdom of the common law, which made it a crime to go armed to the terror of the people, inures to our benefit today.
Jeff Welty is a firearms expert at the University of North Carolina School of Government who has studied “going armed to the terror of the public” laws. “They are meant to address the situation where someone is out, with a firearm, menacing people, and he hasn't yet committed whatever crime he may commit,” he says, “but we still want to be able to check him before he gets to that point.” The laws open the door to police intervention at the sight of worrisome gun carry, without compelling officers to wait until a shot is fired.
In open carry states without such statutes, officers can't intervene, with potentially fatal consequences. In Colorado Springs two years ago, residents called 911 to report a man walking around with a semi-automatic AR-15 rifle. A dispatcher told a woman, “Well, it is an open carry state, so he can have a weapon with him or walking around with it.” The gun carrier went on a shooting spree later that day, killing three people.
***
There are objections to enforcement of “going armed to the terror of the public,” to be sure. The law is vague and turns on the subjective fear of bystanders. In online forums, North Carolina gun owners complain that the nebulous prohibition is a slippery slope to complete nullification of open carry rights: “Is it legal to open carry in NC, or just legal until someone decides they don't like it, or what???” asked one.
But public terror at armed displays of potential lethal force by nongovernmental entities is rational, and laws that bar people from terrorizing strangers are hardly radical. Rather, they allow for a reasonable and valuable balancing between the interests of gun owners in striding around in public spaces while showing off their guns, on the one hand, and the public's interest in not having their faces scared off, on the other. Affording bystanders the opportunity to register terror, and putting gun owners on notice that they may be engendering fear—even if they believe that parading around while armed is inherently peaceful behavior—is an important recalibration of the fundamentalist idea that all guns can be carried by anyone at any time, without causing anxiety. What was true of 14th-century English hand cannons and their owners is true of black rifles and their bearers today: When gun rights bump up against the public peace, governments have consistently regulated them.
Local officials—especially in small Southern cities with Confederate monuments, but without large police forces—are wondering how to turn the temperature down at rallies so as to prevent the next “Charlottesville.” Terry McAuliffe, the governor of Virginia, has assembled a task force on civil unrest to come up with some solutions that will keep protesters and counterprotesters safely separated, and, more urgently, determine how to keep guns out of the hands of everyone at what is intended to be a peaceable First Amendment event, without running afoul of the courts.
As they twist themselves in pretzels to imagine a basis for keeping firearms away from powder keg gatherings, cities and states with historic regulations on “going armed to the terror” and other laws like them may find themselves turning to yellowed books to help deal with today's political violence. “It's not so far-fetched,” says Adam Winkler, author of Gunfight: The Battle Over the Right to Bear Arms in America and a Second Amendment scholar. “Part of that is because these laws are so grounded in history. As long as people have been able to carry guns in public, there have been concerns about them terrorizing people.”
Once you begin to regulate guns used as part of a protest or rally, you inch into complicated territory: Where does speech end and threats of terror begin? This is the very question extreme open carry proponents, who begin with the presumption that there's no reason to be afraid of guns, have asked state governments to assume away. But guns that escalate tempers—and risks—at protests are now forcing the issue, and courts are well equipped to determine when lawful gun carrying slides into threatening conduct.
For example, there were some militia members in Charlottesville who stood with their military-style rifles out of the fray, without incident. But there were also white nationalists in Charlottesville who shouted racial epithets and surrounded a synagogue threatening to burn it down, and for them, displaying a gun could cross the line from permitted open carry into causing acute fear. “Armed to the terror” laws allow us to litigate those vital distinctions. Adam Skaggs, who serves as chief counsel at the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, notes that the meaning of “armed to the terror” laws has become a central facet of current court cases on public gun carry. “Pro-regulation advocates maintain that it just refers to going armed visibly, which has the natural effect of terrorizing the public,” he says. “Pro-gun rights advocates say, no, it only prohibits carrying arms with an intent to terrorize. I'd argue that at least some protesters in Charlottesville would meet either definition.”
In other words, such regulations allow for the notion that you can open carry peaceably, but not for the proposition that you can open carry in a manner or moment that leaves people afraid of violence. Drawing that line means finally rejecting the fatuous framing of gun rights under the Second Amendment urged by hard-line adherents: Our freedoms are unbounded. You must compromise around us. When applied to armed protests, that mindset takes our country to a dangerous place: The Second Amendment and state open carry laws cannot trammel the free speech rights of unarmed protesters and the necessity for law enforcement to keep the peace. Nor should it take the breakout of actual violence for police to intervene.
As North Carolina's quirky enforcement of its ban on armed terror shows, protections for the individual can be checked when they infringe on the rights of the members of the public, who should not be afraid to walk on their own streets.
Ozzy Osbourne performed Monday afternoon during a solar eclipse at a festival in Illinois.
The BLACK SABBATH singer headlined Carterville's Moonstock festival, and he played his classic song “Bark At The Moon” at the height of the eclipse at 1:20 p.m. local time.
According to The Southern Illinoisan, Ozzy walked on stage at Walker's Bluff as the first diamond ring of the eclipse appeared, and began to sing the song as the shadow of the moon swept across the crowd.
“I don't think I've ever been in this part of the world before,” Osbourne told his fans. “I love you all. Thank you for coming to see me.”
Nearly twelve thousand people reportedly turned up to see the eclipse and Osbourne at Walker's Bluff.
Cynde Bunch, owner of Walker's Bluff, told The Southern Illinoisan one-fourth of the tickets sales were from outside the U.S.
“In the campground, we have thirty campers from different states and twelve camp sites rented by people from outside the country,” Bunch said.
Ozzy is joined on the current run of dates by guitarist Zakk Wylde, who was the SABBATH frontman's regular axeman from 1988 to 2007, although they've often performed together since then. Osbourne‘s touring lineup also includes Rob “Blasko” Nicholson on bass, Tommy Clufetos on drums and Adam Wakeman on keyboards.
Wylde originally joined Osbourne‘s band three decades ago and backed the legendary frontman from 1987 to 1995, then again in 1998, from 2001 to 2004 and also from 2006 to 2009. His guitar playing can be heard on Osbourne‘s studio albums “No Rest For The Wicked”, “No More Tears”, “Ozzmosis”, “Down To Earth”, “Under Cover” and “Black Rain”. The first album with Wylde went double platinum and “No More Tears” remains Ozzy‘s most successful album, going four times platinum in the United States with four Top 10 songs on the U.S. Billboard chart. Wylde also appeared with Ozzy on three live albums.
Source
There's a new concept coming from Microsoft Azure Web Apps called WebJobs where you can have scripts running on a schedule, continuously or simply by invoking them manually.
In this article I'll talk about a simple way of deploying a .NET console application to Microsoft Azure Web Apps which will be deployed as a continuous job.
In short, a continuous job is treated similar to a Windows service, as long as it's started/enabled, Azure will make sure it's up, it'll start the process (on all of your instances) and whenever the process goes down it'll simply bring it back up (after a 60 seconds delay).
The executable that is deployed as a continuous job should have some kind of infinite loop ( while (true) ).
Note: While you can experiment with continuous jobs in free or shared websites, it'll only work properly in a standard website that has the "always on" setting, this is since in free/shared sites the jobs process will be brought down after about 20 minutes of no requests to it (a request to the jobs process can be to check the status of current jobs).
Enough chit-chat, now to the main event, we have .NET code which we want to (continuously) run on Azure, here are the steps:
Write your .NET code as a .NET console application, here is a sample:
Add your code to a git repo. git init git add . git commit -am I Coding
Create a new web site with source control.
Get the url to your site's git repository
Push the repository to your site. git push http://.../.git master
That's it, you now have your .NET console application running on Microsoft Azure Web Apps, just go to the WEBJOBS tab and take a look.
Note: Don't forget to enable the Always On feature if you're on standard to make sure this job will never stop running.
Now to see the continuous job logs click on the "logs" link (you'll need to enter your publishing user name and password, if you're on chrome even better - it just works), there you would see all the system logs (when the job started, stopped, etc...).
To see the logs produced by the application (console output and error) you need to enable application logging under the CONFIGURATION tab, your logs can go to your file system/azure storage table or blob.
Note: You can also use app settings/connection strings which would come from the site's configuration, same as you would do for your ASP.NET website.
There are more awesome things to say about webjobs, but that's in next posts.
You can use my repo to try it:
Calling Arkansas a priority growth market, Dunkin' Donuts has announced that it will expand its footprint in Arkansas by opening several new franchises in the area.
The restaurant said Friday that it has signed agreements with two franchisees to develop 11 new restaurants over the next several years.
The plan is for four restaurants in Hot Springs and Benton and seven in the Northwest Arkansas area. The first location is scheduled to open in 2012 and the remaining locations are scheduled to open by 2015.
"We're excited to expand our footprint in Arkansas," said Grant Benson, CFE, vice president of franchising and market planning, Dunkin' Brands Inc. "We're confident these franchisees will cultivate lasting customer relationships in the Little Rock and Fort Smith area and become an integral part of their respective communities."
Little Rock is now sold out for franchise sales, but opportunities are still available in Jonesboro and Northeast Arkansas.
Historically a doughnut and hot coffee chain, Dunkin' Donuts has expanded its offering to include frozen and iced beverages, baked good and sandwiches.
Editor's Note: After the break begins the next installment of the Washtenaw Jail Diary, written by a former inmate in Washtenaw County's jail facility on Hogback Road. The piece originated as a Twitter feed in early 2009, which the author subsequently abandoned and deleted. See previous Chronicle coverage “Twittering Time at the Washtenaw County Jail.“
In now working with the author to publish the Washtenaw Jail Diary, The Ann Arbor Chronicle acknowledges that this is only one side of a multi-faceted tale.
We also would like to acknowledge that the author's incarceration predates the administration of the current sheriff, Jerry Clayton.
This narrative, which we expect will run over a series of several installments, provides an insight into a tax-funded facility that most readers of The Chronicle will not experience first-hand in the same way as the author.
The language and topics introduced below reflect the environment of a jail. We have not sanitized it for Chronicle readers. It is not gratuitously graphic, but it is graphic just the same. It contains language and descriptions that some readers will find offensive.
Chapter 5: D-Block
“Jalapeno hot dog poppers,” says a man I will call “Zeke,” a very big grin on his very big face. Then he slaps down his cards in an exaggerated motion. Zeke and I, along with a few others on the block, are playing rummy.
Zeke is the large African American man I first saw when I entered D-Block, when I spouted out “Jeopardy” answers. His huge size, his trancelike gaze at the television, combined to give me a false first impression of the man as dull and dull-witted. Turns out, Zeke is none of the above.
He is in jail for credit card fraud, the extent of which I do not ask. He does, however, tell me the secret to obtaining the PIN from a lost or stolen debit card. I have not put that knowledge to use.
But Zeke is determined to make a new start for the sake of his many children and “baby mamas” awaiting him after he serves his sentence. Zeke loves food. Zeke is all about food. Zeke dreams and schemes ways of obtaining more food while in jail, and making a legitimate living in the food industry once he is released.
And, at random times during our “out” times in D-Block, Zeke will blurt out his ideas for new food combinations to sell.
“Jalapeno hot dog poppers,” Zeke repeats.
“Not for me,” I reply, snapping my own cards on the table. Another inmate, a Hispanic man, said that he'd try them. He, too, slaps his cards down. If you jump up and slam them down just right, the sound echoes up and down the block.
Zeke's ideas are rarely appetizing to me, but the man does get me thinking more about the food served in jail.
The size of the food portions served by the Washtenaw County Jail seem to be part of a scam. They are not enough to feed a grown man. The small portions force inmates to buy food at the commissary for exorbitant prices.
I will later meet an inmate who worked in the kitchen. He will confirm that they are encouraged to give inmates less food per tray than recommended. The “store lady” who takes commissary orders will disappear, prompting speculation among inmates that she had been fired for taking pity on some inmates by slipping them free food.
As soon as I get over the pure disgust of jail food, I begin to crave it more and more. I dream of food. I dream of taking odysseys on “elevators” that fly horizontally over the ruins of my dream city – like the glass elevator in “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory” – taking detours into wrecked shopping malls, dipping into stores that contain free samples of food that I scoop up and gorge upon.
“Ice cream burritos,” Zeke says.
“Do you mean actual burritos filled with ice cream?” I ask. “Or ice cream in the shape of burritos?”
“Either one,” Zeke says.
“I'd go for either one,” I say, feeling charitable.
Later, when I find out how he's getting extra food to maintain his extra weight, I will feel much less charitable toward Zeke.
Suicide is painless
We are playing cards on the picnic-style table on the block's main floor. Above us, I hear a familiar “joke” from one of the men still locked down on the upper tier. “I'm not supposed to be here!” he cries. A few chuckles can be heard. It's an old joke I've heard since Day One in Bam Bam (“suicide watch”). I think it's a variation of the mantra, “I'm not even supposed to be here today!” from the movie “Clerks.” It never fails to get some kind of laugh in jail – mostly from white inmates.
Then, the Russian guy comes out of his cell, bleeding from his freshly slashed arms.
What he used to cut his arms so badly, I have no idea. “Vlad” claims he has no idea, either. He just woke up, and there they were.
Seeing the slashes on Vlad's arms makes me think of the Mexican man who was on D-Block briefly a few weeks ago. He spoke little or no English. The Hispanic man I play cards with served as interpreter.
But, one day, the Mexican man made a gesture that needed no translation. He stood on the upper-tier balcony, pointed to the railing and then pantomimed making a noose and wrapping it around his neck.
He was carted off to Bam Bam.
Knowing what Bam Bam is like, I cannot imagine that he will find it more tolerable than life on D-Block.
Vlad is a different case entirely. He speaks English very well. And never tires of using it. Ever. He talks a great deal. Vlad is quite proud of the fact that he was born in Russia. No matter what the topic of conversation, Vlad always manages to bring it all back to Mother Russia. He is a bore who lies so easily and obviously that I am not certain even he can tell the difference between fact and fiction. Vlad claims to be a direct descendant of Lenin and to be the son of a Russian Mafia boss.
Well, now he walks out of his cell with bloody slashes all up and down his arm. He says he must have done it in his sleep.
Vlad, too, is taken directly to Bam Bam.
And, speaking of Bam Bam, I have so far been evaluated – or, at least questioned – by a community mental health worker, a medical student and a psychiatrist in the past week or so. They all confirmed that they, too, believe that Washtenaw County's Jail's “suicide watch” – Bam Bam – is inhumane.
I related to one of them how I believe that Bam Bam actually encourages suicide because of the hopelessness and helplessness one feels packed inside that tank, along with corrections officers who are not authorized to give you any real information, so what they do say comes off as mockery and lies.
When I told one mental health worker that “suicide watch” is a place that encourages suicide, it elicited a little chuckle.
Grisham and Zeke's meal deal
There is an 18-year-old kid on D-Block who recently found out that his juvenile record does, indeed, count against him when it comes to sentencing as an adult. I am not certain what crime he is accused of committing, but he is extremely worried that he could go to prison for years for what he describes as a recent minor offense.
He and I share a love of books, so we pass ours back and forth as we finish them. I cannot, however, share his passion for John Grisham legal thrillers, although I read them anyway just to pass the time. Reading a Grisham novel from jail is the equivalent, I believe, of watching “Cops” or any of the daytime courtroom series from your cell – which many inmates do religiously. Strange days indeed.
The kid, who I shudder to think is only a year older than my oldest daughter, seems to be passionate about Grisham, so I will call him “Grisham” here.
I am noticing that Grisham is getting thinner and appears weaker and weaker every day. I ask him if everything is OK. Grisham says he is fine, but hungry. I toss him an orange I'd been hoarding. Shakedowns are coming again soon, anyway, so the fruit will likely be confiscated. I ask why he's so incredibly hungry.
Grisham motions his weak head over toward big, big Zeke. Grisham explains to me that when he first entered the block, Zeke took him under his very large wing and helped him get some questions answered. Grisham was too afraid of approaching the corrections officers with questions, so Zeke did it for him … for a price. The price was two food trays per day for 14 days. Lunch and dinner. Grisham had been eating only breakfasts for about a week and a half.
Another inmate next to us overhears Grisham's explanation and is at once outraged that this kid is being taken advantage of in this way. It explains why Zeke does not seem to have lost any weight in jail, while Grisham's face seems sunken. The outraged inmate secretly sends a “kite” to the authorities. A “kite” is what they call an inmate's note that can travel – with CO approval – to various departments in the jail.
The next day, a corrections officer abruptly puts an end to the meal-tray deal between Zeke and Grisham. Zeke is mad. Very mad. And so he blames the only person he figured could have done such a despicable thing as deprive him of food: “Ho-Ass Bitch,” the “snitch” of D-Block.
“Ho-Ass Bitch” is no longer in protective custody, so he goes outside with the rest of us for exercise at an outdoor basketball court in an interior courtyard, where Zeke and he exchanges some very heated words.
I point this altercation out to the real “snitch” in this case. He looks mildly amused.
All this intrigue is caused simply by not feeding inmates proper meals, leaving them to their own devices to figure out how to plot, scheme, hoard and steal their way to full stomachs. I wonder how much Washtenaw County is really saving by withholding proper amounts of food to inmates. I cannot believe that is it that much. I think it has more to do with the fact that the company that supplies the food to the inmates is also the company that runs the commissary. It is a great scam perpetrated against literally captive victims.
Zeke, of course, recovers from the setback and, I am certain, finds other ways of obtaining the food he needs to maintain his size. I occasionally share my food with him, too. I figure, in jail, it does not hurt to have a large man indebted to you in some way.
My disgust with Zeke taking advantage of little Grisham does not last long. I do not need to look very hard around me to remember that I am in jail. To some extent, there is a kind of “honor among thieves” that moves purely on the currents of its own internal logic. Forget about the fact that the Grisham-Zeke deal took advantage of a weak boy. Grisham honored his deal with Zeke until the authorities forced him to end it.
Seroquel
This “honor” system between inmates, though, is far from universal. I will discover that later, when I witness a Seroquel deal fall through. Seroquel is a drug for schizophrenia and bipolar disorder that has a side effect much-sought-after among inmates: It can make you sleep for days and days at a time. Those jailhouse psych patients on the drug who have a little entrepreneurial spirit, and are good at pretending to swallow the pill in front of the nurses, can expect to make quite a bit of profit off Seroquel's sale and resale value. However, in the broken deal I witnessed, the drug failed to produce sleep, according to the customer, and the dealer was not paid.
Cookup
Big Zeke does introduce me to that staple of culinary jail life: the “cookup.” It is usually based on food pooled together by two or more inmates, using Ramen noodles as a base. Ingredients such as tuna, sausages or even ground-up Flamin' Hot Cheetos are added to taste. “Cookup” ingredients are dumped in a garbage bag, mixed together and enjoyed in the company of your colleagues. I's good eatin's.
Normalcy
My life on D-Block following my final sentencing by my judge takes on an air of almost normalcy. Now that the suspense is over, and I have an actual “out date” to look forward to, the sense of urgency to my incarceration has gone away. I now know what I am dealing with, more or less, and now I attempt to fill my days with mental, physical and community activities just to keep myself from spiraling into depression or to think too hard about the family fending for themselves on the outside. If I think too hard and deep about my wife and children, I can easily slide back into deep distress and hopelessness.
We write one another and call whenever possible – although the Evercom long distance service used by the jail charges my wife exorbitant fees to accept collect calls from me. She visits me weekly whenever she can fit it in – although the demands on her are great, handling the children alone. Slowly, we move away from the idea of “divorce papers in jail” – as she told me on her first visit – to some sense that we will try to pick everything up where we left off once I am released.
Alone in my cell, I keep myself occupied with books, with writing, some exercise and a deck of cards.
Transfer
Every now and then, I hear something about an area of the jail they call J-Block. It is where about 60 inmates are housed in a large, communal room with a bunk area. No more 19.5 hours a day in a cell. There is access to computers, to a microwave oven, to a DVD player. One by one, I see my blockmates on D-Block being transferred there after their final sentences are established. It is now a few weeks after my final court appearance. I wonder why I have not been allowed to emigrate, as well.
So, I get up the courage to interrupt a corrections officer sitting behind his desk watching YouTube. As far as I can tell, by the way, this is a large part of what corrections officers do for a living – sit behind desks at their stations and pretend to “work” while watching YouTube. I ask him if I could be transferred to J-Block. He glances at me in that bored way that corrections officers have when they decide to look at an inmate. Then he says he'll see what he can do.
A few hours later, to my astonishment, he tells me to pack up my stuff and get ready to move to J-Block.
I have no idea what to expect, but any change sounds like a good change to me. So, I pack up immediately, and nervously pace around my cell until after dinner, when I make the move.
It is in J-Block where I will feel, at least, like I am being treated like a human being. It is also on J-Block where I will make a few very serious blunders in relations with my fellow inmates, one where I will need to step out of character for me and assert myself in ways I had never thought possible.
And it is in J-Block where I will face a moral test: A fellow inmate will die.
Editor's note: All installments of the “Washtenaw Jail Diary” that have been published to date can be found here.
The complete, translated transcripts of the Holy Father's remarks
A complete collection of the Holy Father's remarks while on his apostolic journey to the United States can be found here.
Here is a list of Pope Francis' individual addresses:
Full Text of Pope Francis' Press Conference En Route to Rome, Sunday, September 27, 2015 (Translation from Vatican Radio)
Holy Mass Concluding the World Meeting of Families, Sunday, September 27, 2015 (Pope Francis at Final Mass: Let Us Go Beyond a “Narrow, Petty Love”)
Pope Francis' Remarks at the Curran-Fromhold Correctional Facility in Philadelphia, Sunday, September 27, 2015 (Pope Condemns Prison Systems That Don't “Offer New Possibilities”)
Meeting with Bishops at St. Martin's Chapel in St. Charles Borromeo Seminary, Philadelphia, Sunday September 27, 2015 (Pope Addresses Bishops at Seminary, Notes Sex Abuse Victims)
Address to the Festival of Families, Philadelphia, Saturday, September 26, 2015 (Energetic Francis Has Exuberant Address for Festival of Families)
Speech of Pope Francis, Independence Hall, Philadelphia, Saturday, September 26, 2015 (Pope at “Birthplace of America:” Defend Religious Liberty)
Holy Mass with the Bishops, Clergy, Men and Women Religious of Pennsylvania, Saturday, September 26, 2015 (Pope Francis Calls on Religious to Collaborate with Laity in Building Up the Church)
Holy Mass, New York City, Madison Square Garden, Friday, September 25, 2015 (Pope Francis: “Jesus Still Walks Our Streets!”)
Pope Francis' Remarks, Our Lady Queen of Angels School, Harlem, Friday, September 25, 2015 (Pope to School Children: Keep Dreaming and Smiling)
Prayer of Pope Francis, Ground Zero, New York, Friday, September 25, 2015 (Pope at Ground Zero: Peace in This World That God Has Given All)
Greetings of Pope Francis to United Nations Organization Personnel, United Nations Headquarters, New York, Friday September 25, 2015 (Pope at United Nations Echoes Paul VI)
Homily of Pope Francis, Vespers, St. Patrick's Cathedral, New York, September 24, 2015 (Thumbs Up from the Boss: Pope Praises Religious)
Speech of Pope Francis, Charitable Center of St. Patrick Parish, Washington, D.C., September 24, 2015 (Pope to Homeless: No Moral Justification for Lack of Housing)
Speech of Pope Francis, Joint Session of the Congress of the United States of America, Washington, D.C., Wednesday, September 24, 2015 (Pope to Congress: Love People Like It's Your Job, Because It Is)
Homily of Pope Francis, Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception, Washington, D.C., Wednesday, September 23, 2015 (Pope Francis Urges Faithful: Don't Let Your Hearts Become Numb!)
Speech of Pope Francis to the Bishops of the United States, Washington, DC, St. Matthew's Cathedral, Wednesday, September 23, 2015 (Francis to US Bishops: Speak With Everyone, Gently and Humbly)
Remarks by President Obama and His Holiness Pope Francis at Arrival Ceremony (Courtesy of the White House Press Office), Wednesday, September 23, 2015 (Pope Francis is Welcomed at the White House)
HONG KONG - 2013: (EDITOR'S NOTE: ONLY AVAILABLE TO NEWS ORGANISATIONS AND NOT FOR ENTERTAINMENT USE) In this handout photo provided by The Guardian, Edward Snowden speaks during an interview in Hong Kong. Snowden, a 29-year-old former technical assistant for the CIA, revealed details of top-secret surveillance conducted by the United States' National Security Agency regarding telecom data. (Photo by The Guardian via Getty Images)
What an inane question it was to ask, at the CNN Democratic debate, whether Edward Snowden is either a "hero" or a "traitor." And what a shameful response from Hillary Clinton and every candidate aside from Bernie, whose implicit response was the only nuanced one: Snowden is both a hero and a traitor. He broke U.S. law to reveal our government's own breaking of U.S. law. Traitors can be heroes.
How revealing that the perpetrators of mass surveillance violating the Fourth Amendment -- from Cheney on down -- don't have to deal with the "traitor" question. That in CNN debates, in the mass media, this grand stigma -- traitor -- is reserved only for whistleblowers like Chelsea Manning and Edward Snowden. Does not subvert a key provision of the U.S. Constitution mean one is turning his back on our country's values? By contrast, doesn't reveal government overreach, intentional subversion of the values contained within our most cherished document, make one anything but a traitor? A patriot?
Snowden, if he ever returns to the United States, will be prosecuted. He will, in Clinton's words, "face the music." Acts of civil disobedience demand sacrifice; to change the law by breaking the law, one incurs moral responsibility, as great men from Mahatma Gandhi to Martin Luther King, Jr. were only too aware of.
But let us not equate being labeled a criminal with being immoral. Let us not say that those who break the law cannot be heroes. The fugitive slaves who fled the South in antebellum America broke the law; so did the whites who facilitated the Underground Railroad. Yet they -- the fugitive slaves, the white lawbreakers -- were heroes. In every sense of the term.
It's been ages since I posted – partly because we have actually been pretty productive with the build recently. I should get better at documenting progress, though, as I am sure we'll enjoy looking back on it when we're finished.
We have now passed the point of no return. We ordered our fuselage kit from Van's a couple of months ago and it should be delivered by the end of November – definitely no going back now, and also good motivation to get the empennage complete so we can focus on the new kit parts when they arrive.
It's getting colder so we've also been trying to make the most of reasonable daytime temperatures to finish off priming the larger surfaces – it's not much fun scrubbing and hosing down large sheets of metal outside in freezing temperatures, nor does it feel like good use of time when it takes a couple of hours to heat the workshop to the requisite 15 degrees before you can actually paint anything.
Our landlord recently visited for his annual inspection and saw that the house is increasingly disappearing under various bits of aeroplane tail surface. I was a bit worried he'd think we were building in the house (which – mostly – we're not) and be concerned about the potential for damage when moving large metal parts up and down the stairs, but he actually seemed quite excited by our progress and has offered us part of a stable down the road to store completed parts in, which will be a huge help in the very near future.
The last part of the empennage kit, which we're working on at the moment, is the aft section of the fuselage. It's been quite satisfying to build as it involves much larger parts and it really is starting to look like an aeroplane!
We have recently had a steady stream of visitors wanting to take a look at the build – including, but not limited to: family and friends, fellow builders, the chimney sweep, the plumber, a local priest, a poppy seller and the guy from pest control who came to check on the bat colony in our attic…#countryproblem number 356. News travels fast, it seems – all have reacted somewhere on the scale from ‘impressed' to ‘baffled' 🙂
The aft fuselage section is made up of increasingly large bulkheads which give it its shape; stringers which connect the bulkheads and provide additional strength, and finally large aluminium skins that are riveted to the outside of the structure and take the majority of the stress.
We have chosen to back-rivet our skins on wherever possible – this involves a large cylindrical bucking bar and a back-riveting set for the gun. For flat sections we have previously used a back-riveting plate, but for the curved outside edges of the fuselage we need this specially-designed bar. It takes more work than standard flush riveting, but the finish is incredible and we think it's worth it. We managed about 300 skin rivets with only a couple of drill-outs, as well, which either means we're getting more consistent or the technique is working – probably both!
We are really pleased with progress and it's been nice to have some interest now that it's looking more like a plane. Looking forward to getting the empennage finished (fibreglass fairings next and then some more wiring…) and cracking on with the main section of the fuselage when it arrives.
We had the pleasure of speaking to LAA Kent recently about our tour of Northern Europe back in May. It was lovely to re-live some of the experiences and share them with others who are passionate about flying. We were also a bit over-excited to get our own billboard – thanks Gary 🙂
OHIO — Ohio citizens were shocked to learn that law enforcement, including civilian employees of police departments, have had access to a database of millions of images for facial recognition since early June. This database has been accessed thousands of times in the short two months that it has been online, all without informing the public of its existence.
After the program's exposure, Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine staunchly defended it, even after admitting that he himself did not know that the program was being used until two weeks after its launch. “I never thought there would be a big concern about it simply because over half of the states do it. It's a natural extension of what law enforcement has done in the past. There are no new pictures that are being created to put in this database. Law enforcement has historically, for decades, had access to the BMV records,” the Toledo Blade quoted DeWine as saying.
“It was not anything that I thought was out of the ordinary, and it's not anything out of the ordinary,” DeWine told the Associated Press.
Known as the Ohio Law Enforcement Gateway, the database consists of over 21 million photos compiled from the state's driver's license photos and police mug shots that are being used in facial recognition software to identify citizens from numerous sources, including surveillance footage. Law enforcement has claimed that using the database has already produced multiple success stories, but privacy advocates are not convinced.
“We don't even know if it's constitutional,” Ohio Sen. Shirley Smith, D-Cleveland, told The Cincinnati Enquirer. “We know that it's an invasion of privacy. I understand that he's the attorney general, but I think we should have been apprised of it before it hit the street.”
After The Cincinnati Enquirer broke the story, DeWine announced at a press conference Monday morning that a task force would be formed to address privacy concerns and security protocols of the new system. According to the Columbus Dispatch, the nine appointees to the task force are Yvette McGee Brown and Evelyn Stratton, former Ohio Supreme Court justices; James Stevenson, Shelby County Common Pleas judge; Jan Long, Pickaway County juvenile judge; David Phillips, Union County prosecutor; Dan Jones, Ohio Public Defender administrative counsel; Phil Stamitti, Lorain County sheriff; Steve Robinette, Grove City police chief, and Dr. Kent Harshbarger, Montgomery County coroner. The ACLU was denied a position on the task force after requesting a seat, ensuring that only former and current government officials have a say in the privacy protections given to Ohioans.
Can we trust the government to ensure that police will use this information ethically and responsibly, with no legislative or civilian oversight?
{ Support Police State USA }
Let the Attorney General know what you think by using the resources below:
Contact the Ohio Attorney General
Facebook: Mike DeWine
Toll-free phone: (800) 282-0515
Local phone: (614) 466-4986
The details of the three-year, $15.75 million contract that Richie Incognito signed with the Buffalo Bills on Tuesday are being fleshed out by NFL reporters Aaron Wilson (twice) and Albert Breer this morning, providing clarity on just how much salary cap space the Bills are using on their starting left guard this year.
They are using $3.25 million in cap space on Incognito this year, to be exact.
Incognito's deal includes $5.45 million guaranteed, which is presumed to be his first-year salary of $2 million plus a $3.45 million signing bonuses. It also includes annual workout bonuses of $100,000, plus a $500,000 roster bonus due in March of 2017.
Here is the full breakdown of Incognito's contract, by both earning potential and salary cap figures. We'll start with the salary cap angle...
Year Salary SB proration Roster bonus Workout bonus Cap hit 2016 $2M $1.15M $100K $3.25M 2017 $3.175M $1.15M $500K $100K $4.925M 2018 $6.325M $1.15M $100K $7.575M
... and by earning potential.
RetroPie is a project that turns the tiny Raspbery Pi computer into a vintage game system. It's an operating system based on Raspbian Linux, but what makes RetroPie special is that it comes with a set of emulators that lets you play classic video games. It also includes support for gamepads and joysticks.
RetroPie version 3.0 is now available, and it lets you run games from decades gone by that were originally designed for game consoles that have less powerful hardware than your smartphone does today.
Version 3.0 adds automatic controller configurations for RetroArch from EmulationStation and features some additional configurations, including the ability to set up Wi-Fi. You can use JoyPad to control the RetroPie setup menus and there is now an option to add game roms via USB without the need for network access. There are now more than 20 emulators and ports.
RetroPie is popular in the DIY game system community. It is regularly used in projects involving homemade game consoles and mobile game units. Version 3.0 has been in beta since March as the software's creators have worked out the bugs and added new features.
It is compatible with Raspberry Pi A, A+, B, B+ and Raspberry Pi 2 B. You will also need a MicroSD card and reader, an HDMI cable, a screen with HDMI ports, a Wi-Fi dongle or Ethernet cable, a 5V micro USB power supply, a USB Keyboard and mouse, and a USB game controller.
RetroPie 3.0 is available for download via GitHub with detailed instructions on how to install and configure the program.
via /r/Raspberry_Pi
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
The Alfa Romeo Giulia is heralding the Italian brand's comeback to America by embracing its heritage: providing an amazing driving experience while managing to have failures on a regular basis. Owners are reporting a multitude of issues online, and it seems like every car that gets sent to a journalist has some type of failure that requires a trip back to Michigan.
Despite excellent driving dynamics, the car has gotten a ton of negative press lately, from Jalopnik (whose editors' Giulia Q2 had to be towed away after just two days) to this gem from hardcore member of the Alfisti, Sam Smith at Road & Track:
I asked C/D's technical director, Eric Tingwall, if there was a common thread. “They don't fail with any kind of consistency, in my experience,” he said. “It's not like there's just one component that's causing this. It's not just Quads, it's Quads and 2.0-liters, engines and transmissions.” A few weeks ago, when Tingwall left to test the Alfa Stelvio SUV in Tennessee, he reluctantly packed a code reader in his luggage, assuming it might come in handy. He didn't need it, but, “Within two miles of finishing the drive, I'm pulling up to the hotel, and the auto-start-stop icon on the dash lit up with a warning light next to it.”
The failures are widespread, but explanations are far and few between. Luckily, there is one way we can get an inside look at the issues that Fiat Chrysler has been tracking.
Advertisement
How To Track Problems
Tech Authority is a subscription-based Mopar service site that provides dealer-level service information to independent shops and individuals for a small fee. Selecting the Giulia brings up all the service and parts information along with 11 Technical Service Bulletins (TSBs).
Manufacturers usually release these bulletins for recurring issues that are not safety related. They're created with input from engineers as well as technicians, and the final repair procedure might be created by either side. TSBs are recommended repairs for non-safety issues and are usually not applied proactively. A customer has to complain about an issue that matches the description of the TSB in order for the repair to be applied.
Advertisement
The next step up for a TSB at FCA is what is called a Rapid Response Transmittal, or RRT. In the case of the Giulia, nine of the 11 TSBs listed on the Tech Authority site are marked as RRTs—that means they carry a bit more importance than a standard TSB as they often recognize issues that appear more often and for a specific range of VINs and may be applied by the dealer proactively to unsold cars or ones that might come in for standard service even if there is not a customer complaint.
Let's run down the issues, shall we?
Steering Chatter
Advertisement
The first standard TSB for the Giulia is 02-003-17 and it describes a customer complaint of a steering chatter when steering is at full lock. There is no resolution for this one as it states that the customer should be informed that the chatter is a feature of the “AlfaTM Link” technology which allows an Ackerman angle change to provide the lowest amount of understeer in most driving conditions.
This type of bulletin is not isolated to the Giulia as it has appeared for other cars like the Corvette which use similar steering technology and sticky tires.
Stop/Start System, Heating
TSB 24-002-17 is the other standard TSB which covers the Start/Stop system along with the heated seats. The update changes the programming to allow the rear defrost to continue to function during a Start/Stop operation along with turning up the blower fan. It also updates the heated seat logic to start them at max when the button is first pressed.
Advertisement
Brakes
We jump into the RRTs with brake bulletin 05-004-17 which tries to correct an issue where the brake pad wear sensors may get disconnected. The fix seems more backyard mechanic than engineer, as it requires securing a grommet on the harness by wrapping tape on each side of it so it is built up enough to prevent it from sliding down the harness then using a zip-tie to secure the harness to the brake caliper bracket.
Coolant Hose Retainer
RRT 07-004-17 has been through a couple of revisions but seems fairly standard and describes a coolant hose retainer that has been upgraded from a zip-tie style to a clip style retainer in order to prevent it from breaking and causing the hose to be punctured from rubbing. This procedure pays 0.4 warranty hours or 24 minutes which covers the whole time from the technician pulling the car in to completing the repair and pulling it out.
Advertisement
Electrical Issues, Of Course
No Alfa TSB list would be complete without some electrical issues and RRT 08-026-17 is the first one that falls under that category and describes a problem with the body control module that requires an update in order to make the remote start work consistently.
The next one (08-027-17) also requires an update to the BCM along with an update to the radio frequency hub module in order to fix an issue where the forward collision warning system may turn itself off intermittently along with a repair to the fuel gauge to fix an issue where it showed a bar on the fuel gauge even if the tank was empty. I suspect that some of the stalling issues are related to this gauge malfunction as owners might be driving their cars on an empty tank and causing it to stall or shut down.
Advertisement
The largest electrical update is 08-041-17 which covers the infotainment system and some safety equipment. It fixes a wide array of issues such as the screen locking up or the navigation losing signal and not recovering. It also calibrates the oil status display to show the correct oil level.
The best part of the issue list is related to the lane departure warning system as this update fixes an issue where the lane departure options were appearing in cars that were not equipped with the system.
The last electrical bulletin (08-060-17) is an update to the adaptive cruise control to fix an issue where the wheel speed sensors would lose signal, causing that system to malfunction and a DTC to light up.
Advertisement
There is only one engine performance RRT (18-025-17) for the 2.9-liter twin-turbo V6 engine and it corrects an issue that causes the car to lose its immobilizer code after a remote start operation and light up the check engine light for an invalid key.
That Pesky Turbo Four
The 2.0-liter turbocharged four-cylinder engine has a much lengthier engine performance RRT (18-030-17 REV. B) which is now on its third revision and describes an issue that is very similar to the one shared on these pages last week. The RRT describes and array of codes that might be displayed including ones that relate to the throttle body and the evaporative emissions system. It states that the vehicle may experience these issues immediately after fueling and may also be prone to stalling.
Advertisement
There is no explanation on the source of the issues but it does state that all of the affected vehicles were built prior to April 18, 2017 so newer builds might have already been corrected.
Based on the list of codes in the RRT and the relation to fueling, I speculate that that the updates are trying to correct logic for how the car reads fuel level and pressure and how it interacts with evaporative emission systems. These issues may also be related to RRT above since it also deals with improper fuel level.
Advertisement
And The Transmission
The last RRT (21-032-17) in the list covers the 8HP50 transmission in the 2.0-liter models and attempts to correct a condition where customers are experiencing bumping or jerking after a Start/Stop event. This is another software enhancement which does not require any physical repair.
Most of the repairs are short and involve software updates but most also do not pay very much warranty time to the technician. The software updates usually pay out 12 or 24 minutes to the technician to check the VIN against the RRT list, connect a scan tool to check for the condition, connect a battery charger to maintain voltage, and reflash the car along with any calibrations that may be required after the flash. Except for the bulletins related to remote start, most do not have a paying time allotment to road test the car.
Advertisement
These types of bulletins are not unusual for a brand-new car, but the frequency and severity of issues seems to be above average and may be related to the rushed development of the car.
These bulletins are also only issues that FCA has recognized as widespread at this point since browsing the owner forums will reveal a multitude of others which may not have been recognized yet. The issues also are not isolated to U.S. market cars as the list of campaigns and updates for the European market is even longer, according the Alfa owner forums.
Advertisement
Requiring multiple revisions for some of these campaigns does not inspire a lot of confidence but many seems to be tied to early builds of the car so the ones coming off the boat now might be improved.
The Giulia has all the right ingredients to be a successful sports sedan, but FCA might need to bake it just a bit longer to work out all the performance issues.
Bozi was born in the land of the Yugo but grew up flipping Chevys in the Southeast US. His automotive background ranges from running a used car sales and service facility to building junkyard LS engines and fixing endurance cars.
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
Milo Yiannopoulos, who writes columns suggesting women “suck” at job interviews and that fear of Islam is rational, will speak at the University of New Mexico Student Union Building next year.
The UNM chapter of Young Americans for Liberty is hosting Yiannopoulos' visit on Jan. 27 during a national speaking tour.
Ryan Ansloan, vice president of the group, said the group has been talking to Yiannopoulos' organizing team for about a year.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
“We have been eager to host him because he offers a very specific and different point of view than what's normally offered at universities,” Ansloan told the Journal on Monday.
The event will be free to attend. Ansloan said Yiannopoulos didn't charge a fee to speak at UNM.
Yiannopoulos writes for and is the tech editor for Breitbart News, a news website with a sharp conservative slant popular among so-called members of the “alt-right,” a movement The Associated Press describes as “an offshoot of conservatism mixing racism, white nationalism and populism.”
He has written articles for Breitbart with headlines such as “There's No Hiring Bias Against Women in Tech, They Just Suck at Interviews” and “Why Equality and Diversity Departments Should Only Hire Rich, Straight White Men.” He also wrote “America has a Muslim problem” and that Islam around the world rules through fear and terror.
The site's former chairman, Steve Bannon, is President-elect Donald Trump's chief strategist and special counsel. Bannon once described the site as a platform for the alt-right, though Trump has disavowed the movement.
Yiannopoulos also is an ardent and vocal supporter of Trump, which may be a contentious point for some members of the UNM community. Since the election, students and employees have protested against the election of Trump and many of his stances on immigration.
Yiannopoulos, a gay man, calls his organized speaking engagements “The Dangerous Faggot Tour.” He is known for riling what are typically left-leaning university communities.
At Rutgers University in New Jersey, for example, some attendees smeared themselves with fake blood during one of his speeches. At DePaul University, protesters ripped the microphone from his hands.
Ansloan said he expects some will protest Yiannopoulos at UNM. Young Americans for Liberty doesn't agree with all of Yiannopoulos' stances, he said, but is merely offering the speaker a platform.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
With last night's surprise NYPD clearing of Liberty Plaza, the epicenter of the Occupy movement, this Thursday's already-planned International Day of Action to mark the two-month anniversary of the Occupation of Zuccotti Park will grow far larger and more resonant than it would have been otherwise. Ad Policy
In New York City:
Starting early, at 7 am, demonstrators will attempt to “Shut Down Wall Street” by telling stories of people on the frontlines of economic injustice. The idea is to peacefully but firmly “exchange stories rather than stocks” and, at the very least, change the covnersation for the day.
At 3 pm, activists will gather at sixteen central subway hubs and take their own stories to the trains, using the “people's mic.” This is not an effort to disrupt or delay the subways, rather an attempt to better explain the movement to busy people getting to and from their jobs. Find a subway station in one of the four boroughs near you and explain why you support Occupy.
In the evening, at 5 pm, tens of thousands of people are expected to gather at Foley Square, across from City Hall, in a permitted rally in solidarity with workers demanding jobs to rebuild this country's infrastructure and economy. A gospel choir and a marching band will also perform; a nighttime march to the Brooklyn Bridge (sans permit) will commence after the rally.
At the same time, Occupy Colleges will stage campus solidarity rallies coast to coast. There are currently twenty-seven schools signed up with many more likely to come. If you don't see your school represented, find a friend and organize something yourself. In New York City, the Student Assembly has called a student strike for the day and actions are planned throughout in Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan and the Bronx, including at New York University, The New School, Columbia University and most CUNY campuses.
Meanwhile, Occupy supporters around the globe will stage a series of coordinated actions.
In Spain, a general strike of university students has been called in Barcelona, Girona, Lleida, Tarragona, Palma, Sevilla, Santiago de Compostela, Murcia, Madrid, Valencia, Castello, Alicante and Zaragoza.
In Germany, student strikes, flash mobs, rallies and other actions are expected in dozens of cities across the country.
In Belgium, activists are mobilizing for sit-ins at universities and schools to discuss the ongoing protests around the world and, specifically, how they can resist the increasing commercialization of education in their country.
In Greece, thousands of students and workers will take part in an annual November 17 march marking the anti-junta student uprising in 1973, threatening Lucas Papademos's political honeymoon as Greece's new prime minister. Shops will shut down and traffic will to come to a halt as the march wends its way to the US embassy—which is blamed for supporting the junta forty years ago.
Please use the comments field below to let me know about other November 17 Occupy actions.
 Rawpixel Ltd via Getty Images
After all the chaos of the After all the chaos of the Ghomeshi trial, I decided something: I hate the term “SJW.”
I've always been very outspoken with my opinions. I support women's rights and animal rights, and in today's world, that makes me a dissenter. I'm far from politically correct. Like when I post on social media about the similarities between slavery and factory farming. Or when I lost friends by confessing the unpopular opinion that we should believe survivors-a radical notion in a country where I've always been very outspoken with my opinions. I support women's rights and animal rights, and in today's world, that makes me a dissenter. I'm far from politically correct. Like when I post on social media about the similarities between slavery and factory farming. Or when I lost friends by confessing the unpopular opinion that we should believe survivors-a radical notion in a country where rape is so rarely punished that it's practically legal. Does that mean I don't believe in due process? Of course not. But when there is overwhelming evidence against somebody, the “doubt” stops being reasonable.
Then there are instances where the law just flat out gets it wrong. When three in a thousand sexual assaults leads to a conviction, the legal system definitely fails women. But the law also fails animals, who unlike women, have no voice. Animals in factory farms are doomed to a life in prison and a brutal death, and in our society it's Then there are instances where the law just flat out gets it wrong. When three in a thousand sexual assaults leads to a conviction, the legal system definitely fails women. But the law also fails animals, who unlike women, have no voice. Animals in factory farms are doomed to a life in prison and a brutal death, and in our society it's those who defend them who are considered the criminals. My feminism and animal rights activism are intersectional. At the end of the day, I just want to help build a better world for all living beings. That's why I'm a feminist.
Lately, even calling myself a “feminist” seems scary. On dates, I sometimes just say I “support women's rights” because I'm afraid of next being asked if I shave my armpits. A lot of people don't really know what feminism means, but it actually means equality between the sexes. Some people think it means hating men or not caring about the way that you look, but it actually has nothing to do with that. (I don't care how I look, but that's not because I'm a feminist. It's because I don't want to waste money and time beyond basic hygiene.)
At first glance, being labelled an SJW, just like being labelled a feminist, seems complimentary. Who wouldn't want to stand up against social injustice? I literally spend my days plotting ways to take down the multi-billion dollar industry of animal slaughter, so I guess that would make me as much of an SJW as anybody. But in use, the label carries another connotation. It's sort of like the “don't ask, don't tell” former American military policy. When it first came up in a dinner conversation, my dad said he wholeheartedly supported it.
“Why should anyone ask? It's nobody's business!”
I explained to him many times that the policy was a misnomer, and actually meant something quite different. I still don't think he really understands it, but that's okay. It is no longer in effect.
I first learned about SJWs from a friend, who explained to me that social justice warriors are people who defend causes insincerely, for example by claiming to be anti-racist or anti-sexist, all the while being the first person in the room to even notice race and gender.
There are real humans like this, and I've met them. For example, at my university it was not uncommon in certain circles to deplore good things, like multiculturalism and defending gay rights, and I've had some ridiculous conversations to prove it. Multiculturalism was “problematic” because it led to appropriation. Then there was are real humans like this, and I've met them. For example, at my university it was not uncommon in certain circles to deplore good things, like multiculturalism and defending gay rights, and I've had some ridiculous conversations to prove it. Multiculturalism was “problematic” because it led to appropriation. Then there was this man , who famously stood up for marriage equality circa 2011. He was actually considered a total creeper because he used the offensive term “lesbians” to describe his gay parents, rather than calling them “same-sex partners.”
Did anyone who made these outrageous claims really care about ending discrimination? I strongly doubt it. In fact, they were trying so hard to be the antithesis of hate-mongers that they went over the bend and ended up doing a full 360, having more in common with neo-Nazis than true social justice warriors or even just regular, non-political people. Their views, that women and people of colour were eternally to be oppressed, were condescending. They also seemed to want to deprive white people of all that's good in the world, like The Bhagavad Gita , and food with flavour.
But why call them social justice warriors? Why not call them “PC-to-a-fault,” “media illiterate,” or “annoyingly self-righteous”?
My problem with the term “SJW” is that it's lazily used as a blanket insult to shut up anyone that doesn't agree with the person who uses it. Rather than rationally debate a person's views, it's easier to just write them off as an SJW and be done with it. For instance, after the Ghomeshi trial, both Ghomeshi himself and those who doubted his innocence were labelled as SJWs in Twitter wars. And anyone who believes survivors (as I do) is not only an SJW, but a “feminazi.” Interesting. Also interesting that people who know nothing about Ghomeshi are vehemently defending him. Let me suggest another unpopular theory: if the problem with the term “SJW” is that it's lazily used as a blanket insult to shut up anyone that doesn't agree with the person who uses it. Rather than rationally debate a person's views, it's easier to just write them off as an SJW and be done with it. For instance, after the Ghomeshi trial, both Ghomeshi himself and those who doubted his innocence were labelled as SJWs in Twitter wars. And anyone who believes survivors (as I do) is not only an SJW, but a “feminazi.” Interesting. Also interesting that people who know nothing about Ghomeshi are vehemently defending him. Let me suggest another unpopular theory: if the WHO reports that 1 in 3 women experience assault, many of those expressing irrational anger toward his doubters are probably perpetrators themselves. A person with a guilty mind has the loudest voice.
While #Ghomeshi trended, I thought that this seemingly arbitrary use of “SJW” was very peculiar, so I started researching other arenas where the term was tossed around. Turns out that if you're anti-guns, you're an SJW. If you support body positivity, you're an SJW. If you're against police brutality, you're also an SJW.
The irony is that the people who accuse others of being SJWs, basically implying that they're just lazy keyboard activists that parrot popular opinion, are themselves the lazy ones-both in their retorts and their ideologies. There's nothing avant-garde about being an anti-feminist or a blind proponent of the excessive use of police force. If you feel this way and you resort to whining on social media about how someone's an SJW just because they disagree with you, just know that you're the one carelessly reinforcing the status quo.
Maybe especially when it's unpopular. Maybe Linda Buzzell is right, and “SJW” just needs to be reclaimed. Maybe I shouldn't hate the term, but instead just use it freely to describe anyone who stands up for what they believe in,especiallywhen it's unpopular.
Note: This post also appears on my Note: This post also appears on my personal blog
Recent food terror warnings hide reality
Activist Post
The latest warning coming from British intelligence that al-Qaeda and other political organizations could contaminate the food supply is part of a continuing plot line that hides the obvious: our food already has been poisoned under the auspices of oversight agencies who have been complicit in the very real threats to the public food supply. The following toxins offered into the marketplace by corporate-government collusion have contributed to far more sickness and death than E. coli or salad bar terrorists ever will . . . unless of course the terrorists have bioengineered a superbug, or it has escaped from a bioweapons lab like the one at Fort Detrick, Maryland.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Pesticides: Aside from the fact that pesticides have been linked to lower IQ in children, thus altering the future potential of human society, DDT and the cocktail of other pollutants and synthetic chemicals now include those used in GM food production (Bt), such as glyphosate. Even more alarming is that pollutants that have been banned for decades are still present in 100% of pregnant women, while those from GM food appear in 80% of unborn fetuses. The presentation below offers additional analysis of the health effects, particularly on the immune system:
Fluoride: Sodium fluoride (silicofluoride), is an industrial-grade hazardous waste material made during the production of fertilizer. Its past history includes patented use as rat poison and insecticide. Dr. Paul Connett is leading the fight against mandatory water fluoridation. People are finally waking up to the hazards and are now demanding that governments remove this deadly poison. Let's keep in mind that it was put there with full knowledge of its toxicity and has led to massive negative health effects. Dr. Connett explains all in a must-see, one-hour interview:
Mercury: In both organic and inorganic form, mercury wreaks havoc with the nervous system — especially the developing nervous system of a fetus. It penetrates all living cells of the human body, and has been documented most as increasing the risk for autism. This calls into question mercury's use in dental fillings, vaccines, and just about anything containing high fructose corn syrup — a near staple in the American diet . . . including baby food. It has also been known for years that mercury fumes from CFL compact fluorescent tube light bulbs pose a serious threat which goes far beyond eyestrain, migraines, and depression, but still they have been pushed under the green agenda and are set to be completely phased in by 2014. We offer the following video of truth-telling comic relief from 2007 to illustrate the absurdity of such legislation, with a more serious presentation available HERE:
GMO: Monsanto owns nearly 90% of staple GMO crops such as corn, soy, and cotton. Monsanto started as a chemical company that brought the world poisons like Agent Orange and Roundup. Independent studies of “frankenfood” have shown a link to organ failure; a Russian study has concluded near-total sterility in GMO-soy-fed hamsters by the third generation; and other animal studies have shown potentially pre-cancerous cell growth, smaller brains, livers, and testicles, partially atrophied livers, and damaged immune systems, according to a comprehensive article by Jeffrey M. Smith that also highlights the process of intimidation that even well-regarded scientists have been subjected to when publishing their research. Perhaps a recent mainstream article theorizing that a massive 64% increase in bowel cancer among young people is attributable to “heavy drinking and obesity” should be redirected toward the rise in the prevalence of GMO. Here is Jeffrey M. Smith interviewed about the GMO threat:
Bisphenol-A: The FDA failed to warn the public about this chemical found in plastic packaging including baby food containers, baby bottles, and pacifiers. Animal research has shown many adverse health effects such as damage to the reproductive system, immune system, and neurological development, as it mimics sex hormones. In humans this seems to be leading to early puberty, reduced sperm count, and prostate cancer. The two-part episode below offers key details about the history and dangers of Bisphenol-A that the FDA continues to officially allow despite finally acknowledging its dangers, even as other countries ban it and many companies have proactively removed its use:
Aspartame: Among the many dangerous food additives that plague the modern-day plate, Aspartame is one of the most widespread and toxic. Aspartame is a neurotoxin that interacts with natural organisms, as well as synthetic medications, producing a wide range of proven disorders and syndromes as outlined in the following must-see, full-length documentary, Sweet Misery , showing how a neurotoxin became part of the food supply with FDA approval:
Conclusion
The list above is merely the tip of the iceberg that doesn't even include corporate/military poisoning of the planet through environmental disasters like Fukushima, the BP oil disaster, geo-engineering, or the ongoing use of depleted uranium. As the food terror news is guaranteed to be used to cast a wider net of potential shadowy terrorist groups and lone nuts in order to usher in total food control, we would do well to remember the millions who already have died from corporate-government malfeasance . . . and from exactly where the provable death sentence has been issued. Terrorists have been striking the food system for decades now. They're just not the cave-dwellers we've been conditioned to fear.
HUDSON, New York — If Zephyr Teachout wins the race for New York's 19th Congressional District, she will do more than add a seat to the Democratic column. She will help bring Bernie Sander's political revolution to the House.
Teachout, a Fordham University law professor, has been a leader in the Occupy movement and served as head of Mayday PAC, dedicated to campaign finance reform. She is also the former director of the Sunlight Foundation and the author of the widely-read book, Corruption in America: From Benjamin Franklin's Snuff Box to Citizens United.
She was among the first Congressional candidates to be endorsed by Sanders and won New York District 19's Democratic primary by 71 percent of the vote.
That primary attracted a much higher turnout than did the Republican balloting.
New York's 19th District is largely rural, includes parts of 11 Upstate New York Hudson valley counties and has a long history of swinging back and forth between Democratic and Republican representation. It once elected Franklin Delano Roosevelt to the New York State Senate. Since 2010, the area has been represented by conservative Republican Chris Gibson, who is now retiring.
Teachout faces right winger John Faso for Gibson's vacant seat.
Faso is a lobbyist for many conservative causes. As a member of the New York State legislature, He was the original sponsor of charter school legislation and was a leading figure in the passage of Governor Pataki's proposal to create charter schools in New York State in 1998.
Faso's Republican primary campaign was funded in large part by hedge fund manager Robert Mercer through a super PAC called New York Wins. He won the Republican primary by over two to one.
Faso is now being backed by billionaire hedge fund operators like Paul Singer who are pouring millions into super PACs aimed at helping candidates who support Donald Trump for president.
As quoted in The Nation magazine, Jim Dean, chair of Democracy for America, said “Wall Street is scared to death of being held accountable by Zephyr Teachout in the halls of Congress.
“Few candidates,” Dean continued, are better prepared than [she is] to run and win the kind of aggressive, people-powered campaign [that is] needed.”
In 2014, Teachout received 34 percent of the vote when she ran against incumbent Andrew Cuomo to become the Democratic Party's nominee for governor.
Her congressional campaign is being supported by small donors, not the super rich.
“Score one for the political revolution,” Working Families Party New York State Director Bill Lipton told The Nation.
“Zephyr has been able to build a grassroots movement of activists and small dollar donors looking to take on the political and economic establishment. Voters in the 19th District now have a rare opportunity to elect a representative who will lift up their voices and be a national leader in taking on corruption and corporate influence in our politics. The choice for them in November could not be clearer, and eyes of the entire country will continue to be on this race.”
Teachout says, “One of the original sins in modern thinking is the separation of thinking about economics and politics.”
She advocates policies that respond “to the interests of the people [rather than] to the interests of individual, monopolistic companies.”
She is one of the nation's leading advocates for campaign-finance and ethics reforms, breaking up big banks, net neutrality, and raising the national minimum wage to $15 an hour, which New York State has already done.
In her primary night victory speech, Teachout said “I am running for Congress to break down those doors in Washington, DC; the doors that are keeping the people of America-the real people, the citizens of America-locked out. I've been fighting well-paid lobbyists on behalf of working families my entire life.
“I will fight until we win-for the people of New York's 19th and for the American people.”
Photo: Zephyr Teachout | Mike Groll/AP
The president of the Italian professional footballers association (AIC), Damiano Tommasi, is to take part in next season's Europa League at the age of 41 after signing on for San Marino club La Fiorita.
Tommasi, who ended his professional playing career at Chinese club Tianjin Teda six years ago, is to make a return to the game when La Fiorita face Vaduz in the first qualifying round for next season's Europa League.
"It's going to be an opportunity for my children to see me play, considering it's been many years since I last played on an international stage," he said in La Gazzetta dello Sport. "I'm training and this is a new challenge for me, and I hope to be ready for these two games.
Calciomercato, Damiano Tommasi torna in campo: due partite con la Fiorita http://t.co/J1o3C3CDgq #seriea #calciomercato - Serie A Press (@serieapress) June 21, 2015
"It's a challenge that La Fiorita have given me the chance to experience all over again. I've been looking forward to this Europa League draw for ages now. Let's hope it will be a beautiful adventure and that I can add another chapter to my football career."
Since hanging up his boots in 2009, after a brief spell with Queens Park Rangers, the former Roma midfielder has spent his time representing footballers in Italy as head of the AIC.
La Fiorita host Vaduz on July 2 with the return in Liechtenstein a week later. The winner will meet Kazakhstan's Aktobe or Estonia's Nomme Kaju in the second qualifying round. Italian club Sampdoria enter in the third qualifying round, so Tommasi would have to get through two rounds before having the chance of facing an Italian club in a competitive game again, nine years since leaving the Italian game.
The WWE world is currently gearing up for what has been dubbed “the biggest Wrestlemania ever” in just three weeks' time, but today marks the official 10 year anniversary since Wrestlemania 20. Time to look at how much the business has changed.
The final image from Wrestlemania 20 saw the WWE Champion Eddie Guerrero (who had just beaten Kurt Angle to retain his title) and World Heavyweight Champion Chris Benoit (who had just won a triple threat match against Triple H and Shawn Michaels to win the title) celebrating together in the ring.
Along with “The irresistible force meets the immovable object” at Wrestlemania 3 or The Ultimate Warrior's return at Wrestlemania 8, this has become one of the most iconic moments in Wrestlemania history, for perhaps all the wrong reasons.
Eddie and Chris were the best of friends, inside and outside the ring. Along with Rey Mysterio, fans referred to them as “the three amigos” which is why them embracing in the ring after Benoit's first ever world title win made so much sense back then.
But who could have known that seven years on both would be gone? Eddie was taken away so tragically in November 2005 before Chris followed in even worse circumstances less than two years later. The two were on top of the world that night in March 2004, but just over a year later the landscape of WWE would change forever.
Eddie was one of the greatest personalities WWE have ever possessed, he had something about him that made you cheer for him even when he was lying and cheating. He knew how to play a crowd and was so much fun to watch. WWE even dedicated the Raw that was filmed live the day he died to him, which saw most of the WWE roster give emotional interviews about him and their love for him.
Chris was one of the people visibly effected by the passing of his good friend, but it seemed after that he had tried to move on with his life and 18 months later was set to face CM Punk at Night Of Champions in June 2007. When he didn't show up to the pay-per-view the alarm was raised and Benoit was found hanged with his wife and son at their home both dead.
The former United States Champion could have gone onto win the ECW World Championship that night which happened two days after his “double murder suicide” but since the media blamed it on steroid use, the WWE have since tightened their wellness policy and handled steroid taking with harsher consequences.
So Chris managed to change the business in a good way, even if he will forever be thought of in a bad light, his matches are now available on the network but with a disclaimer. One of the greatest technical wrestlers of our generation goes from hero to villain in 25 months.
Since Eddie's departure, his real life wife Vickie has become a formidable figure on WWE TV whilst his daughter Shaul has also signed a WWE contract and is currently performing on its NXT brand.
Ten years have gone by since that iconic moment, how much has changed? How much effect did these two best friends have on the WWE and what it has become today?
Very little. Yes everyone knew who they were, they knew the circumstances behind their deaths and they will never forget them, but as for playing a part in the WWE today? No. WWE has become a very different place from the one they would have walked out of even as little as seven years ago. I think a lot of it was a change for the better with wrestlers like CM Punk and Daniel Bryan becoming a massive part of the new era.
At the same time WWE doesn't feel the same without their sorts of people, there is still a little Benoit inside Jack Swagger and Cesaro and even Daniel Bryan just like I guess there is a little bit of Eddie inside everyone, the heart of a champion and the determination to succeed but will it ever feel the same without them?
Wrestlemania is just three weeks away, Andre the Giant is about to be remembered in his very own 30-man battle royale, but don't forget – Every wrestler shaped the business into what it is today, whether WWE want to remember them or not. Ten years ago today two man stood tall above all the others. Who will stand tall on April 6th?
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter – @Dstokie01. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Interested in writing for LWOS? We are looking for enthusiastic, talented writers to join our Wrestling writing team. Visit our “Write for Us” page for very easy details in how you can get started today!
news, latest-news, Paul McGregor, Dragons, drink driving
St George Illawarra coach Paul McGregor has avoided a criminal conviction in court for drink-driving five months after he was caught over the limit on the way to a Dragons training session. McGregor was handed a 12-month good behaviour bond in Wollongong Local Court on Tuesday afternoon after pleading guilty to a charge of low range drink-driving. McGregor was pulled over at random breath-testing unit in North Wollongong at 8.47am one Sunday in April and returned a blood alcohol reading of 0.063. He had been on his way to Dragons training but was not due at WIN Stadium until 11am. The 48-year-old had attended an Anzac charity race day event at Kembla Grange the previous day and then consumed a few glasses of wine at home while watching two NRL matches with his family. His lawyer, Adam Bye, told the court McGregor was genuinely surprised when informed by police he was over the 0.05 limit. "He knows the RBT is regularly there, he could have avoided them if he thought he was over the limit, Mr Bye said. "But he didn't think for a second he could possibly be. "He has a deep sense of remorse for the grave error he made." The court heard McGregor was taking a prescribed medication, the type of which was not revealed in court, which had the ability to affect how quickly his body was able to break down and metabolise alcohol. Mr Bye also noted his client had been subject to "heavy scrutiny" due to his high public profile and had already paid a $10,000 fine imposed by the NRL. Magistrate Susan McGowan accepted McGregor was otherwise a person of good character and said while his traffic record did contain a few speeding matters, they were not significant. However, she warned McGregor and others who considered getting behind the wheel after consuming alcohol not to play "Russian Roulette" by drinking and driving. "We know from experience that once a person is 0.05 their reaction time is reduced incredibly," she said. "You have to be particularly vigilant and I'm sure as a role model you will be from now on. "I hope it's been a wake-up call." She placed McGregor on the bond without recording a conviction. Speaking outside court, McGregor apologised for his “error of judgement” saying he hoped others would learn from his mistake.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/35ns5Wme2fedmBqQ6qZE6iD/837d61ea-108b-4010-9450-d53d78ad1923.jpg/r583_428_3185_1898_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
(ANTALYA) - European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker firmly defended Sunday the EU's hotly-contested plan to redistribute refugees across Europe despite calls by Poland to scrap the scheme after the deadly attacks in Paris.
The EU's eastern-most members have been furious over the redistribution plan agreed in October, calling instead for a stronger EU outer-border, but Juncker warned against using the tragedy in Paris as means to roll it back.
"I would like to invite those in Europe who are trying to change the migration agenda we have adopted... to be serious about this and not to give in to these basic reactions. I don't like it," Juncker told reporters on the sidelines of the G20 leaders' meeting in Antalya, Turkey.
The fresh criticism of the plan emerged after officials in Greece said a Syrian passport found at the scene of the mass shooting in a Paris concert hall belonged to an asylum seeker who registered on a Greek island in October.
Greek police did not rule out that the passport had changed hands before the attacks.
Poland's incoming European Affairs Minister Konrad Szymanski led the charge against the EU saying that Warsaw no longer considered the plan as a "political possibility" in the light of the Paris attacks.
But Juncker said that "those who organised, who perpetrated the attacks are the very same people who the refugees are fleeing and not the opposite."
"And so there is no need for an overall review of the European policy on refugees," Juncker said.
The policy is also staunchly defended by Germany, which urged against any over-reaction after the events in Paris, as it deals with consequences of absorbing an expected one million asylum seekers this year.
"I would like to make this urgent plea to avoid drawing such swift links to the situation surrounding refugees," Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said in Germany on Saturday.
Induction of phase 2 detoxication enzymes [e.g., glutathione transferases, epoxide hydrolase, NAD(P)H: quinone reductase, and glucuronosyltransferases] is a powerful strategy for achieving protection against carcinogenesis, mutagenesis, and other forms of toxicity of electrophiles and reactive forms of oxygen. Since consumption of large quantities of fruit and vegetables is associated with a striking reduction in the risk of developing a variety of malignancies, it is of interest that a number of edible plants contain substantial quantities of compounds that regulate mammalian enzymes of xenobiotic metabolism. Thus, edible plants belonging to the family Cruciferae and genus Brassica (e.g., broccoli and cauliflower) contain substantial quantities of isothiocyanates (mostly in the form of their glucosinolate precursors) some of which (e.g., sulforaphane or 4-methylsulfinylbutyl isothiocyanate) are very potent inducers of phase 2 enzymes. Unexpectedly, 3-day-old sprouts of cultivars of certain crucifers including broccoli and cauliflower contain 10-100 times higher levels of glucoraphanin (the glucosinolate of sulforaphane) than do the corresponding mature plants. Glucosinolates and isothiocyanates can be efficiently extracted from plants, without hydrolysis of glucosinolates by myrosinase, by homogenization in a mixture of equal volumes of dimethyl sulfoxide, dimethylformamide, and acetonitrile at -50 degrees C. Extracts of 3-day-old broccoli sprouts (containing either glucoraphanin or sulforaphane as the principal enzyme inducer) were highly effective in reducing the incidence, multiplicity, and rate of development of mammary tumors in dimethylbenz(a)anthracene-treated rats. Notably, sprouts of many broccoli cultivars contain negligible quantities of indole glucosinolates, which predominate in the mature vegetable and may give rise to degradation products (e.g., indole-3-carbinol) that can enhance tumorigenesis. Hence, small quantities of crucifer sprouts may protect against the risk of cancer as effectively as much larger quantities of mature vegetables of the same variety.
As widespread anti-regime protests in Iran continue on into their third day, American news audiences are starting to wonder why the US media has devoted so little coverage to such dramatic—and possibly history-making—events. Ordinary people are taking their lives in their hands to voice their outrage at the crimes of an obscurantist regime that has repressed them since 1979, and which attacks and shoots them dead in the streets. So why aren't the protests in Iran making headlines?
The short answer is that the American media is incapable of covering the story, because its resources and available story-lines for Iran reporting and expertise were shaped by two powerful official forces—the Islamic Republic of Iran, and the Obama White House. Without government minders providing them with story-lines and experts, American reporters are simply lost—and it shows.
It nearly goes without saying that only regime-friendly Western journalists are allowed to report from Iran, which is an authoritarian police state that routinely tortures and murders its political foes. The arrest and nearly two-year detention of Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian drove this point home to American newsrooms and editors who might not have been paying attention. The fact that Rezaian was not an entirely hostile voice who showed “the human side” of the country only made the regime's message more terrifying and effective: We can find you guilty of anything at any time, so watch your step.
The Post has understandably been reluctant to send someone back to Iran. But that's hardly an excuse for virtually ignoring a story that threatens to turn the past eight years of conventional wisdom about Iran on its head. If the people who donned pink pussy hats to resist Donald Trump are one of the year's big stories, surely people who are shot dead in the streets in Iran for resisting an actual murderous theocracy might also be deserving of a shout-out for their bravery.
Yet the Post's virtual news blackout on Iran was still more honorable than The New York Times, whose man in Tehran Thomas Erdbrink is a veteran regime mouthpiece whose official government tour guide-style dispatches recall the shameful low-point of Western media truckling to dictators: The systematic white-washing of Joseph Stalin's monstrous crimes by Times Moscow correspondent Walter Duranty.
Here's the opening of Erdbrink's latest dispatch regarding the protests:
Protests over the Iranian government's handling of the economy spread to several cities on Friday, including Tehran, in what appeared to be a sign of unrest.
“Appeared”? Protests are by definition signs of unrest. The fact that Erdbrink appears to have ripped off the Iran's government news agency Fars official coverage of the protests is depressing enough—but the function that these dispatches serve is even worse. What Iranians are really upset about, the messaging goes, isn't the daily grind of living in a repressive theocratic police state run by a criminal elite that robs them blind, but a normal human desire for better living standards. Hey, let's encourage European industry to invest more money in Iran! Didn't the US overthrow the elected leader of Iran 70 years ago? Hands off—and let's put more money in the regime's pocket, so they can send the protesters home in time for a hearty dinner, and build more ballistic missiles, of course. Erdbrink is pimping for the regime, and requesting the West to wire more money, fast.
Selling the protesters short is a mistake. For 38 years Iranian crowds have been gathered by regime minders to chant “Death to America, Death to Israel.” When their chant spontaneously changes to “Down with Hezbollah” and “Death to the Dictator” as it has now, something big is happening. The protests are fundamentally political in nature, even when the slogans are about bread. But Erdbrink can hardly bring himself to report the regime's history of depredations since his job is to obscure them. He may have been a journalist at one point in time, but now he manages the Times portfolio in Tehran. The Times, as Tablet colleague James Kirchik reported for Foreign Policy in 2015, run a travel business that sends Western tourists to Iran. “Travels to Persia,” the Times calls it. If you're cynical, you probably believe that the Times has an interest in the protests subsiding and the regime surviving—because, after all, anyone can package tours to Paris or Rome.
Networks like like CNN and MSNBC which have gambled their remaining resources and prestige on a #Resist business model are in even deeper trouble. Providing media therapy for a relatively large audience apparently keen to waste hours staring at a white truck obscuring the country club where Donald Trump is playing golf is their entire business model—a Hail Mary pass from a business that had nearly been eaten alive by Facebook and Google. First down! So it doesn't matter how many dumb Trump-Russia stories the networks, or the Washington Post, or the New Yorker get wrong, as long as viewership and subscriptions are up—right?
The problem, of course, is that the places that have obsessively run those stories for the past year aren't really news outfits—not anymore. They are in the aromatherapy business. And the karmic sooth-sayers and yogic flyers and mid-level political operators they employ as “experts” and “reporters” simply aren't capable of covering actual news stories, because that is not part of their skill-set.
The current media landscape was shaped by years of an Obama administration that made the nuclear deal its second-term priority. Talking points on Iran were fed to reporters by the White House—and those who veered outside government-approved lines could expect to be cut off by the administration's ace press handlers, like active CIA officer Ned Price. It's totally normal for American reporters to print talking points fed to them daily by a CIA officer who works for a guy with an MA in creative writing, right? But no one ever balked. The hive-mind of today's media is fed by minders and validated by Twitter in a process that is entirely self-enclosed and circular; a “story” means that someone gave you “sources” who “validate” the agreed upon “story-line.” Someone has to feed these guys so they can write—which is tough to do when real events are unfolding hour by hour on the ground.
The United States has plenty of real expertise about Iran—not just inside think-tanks but throughout the country. The Los Angeles area alone hosts some 800,000 people of Iranian heritage, none of whom are among the “Iran experts” who are regularly featured in the press. Most of the “experts” tapped by the media to comment on Iranian matters have been credentialed and funded by pro-Iran deal organizations like Trita Parsi's National Iranian American Council. They are propagandists for the regime. Others, like Hooman Majd and Hussein Moussavian, were actually regime functionaries, who now distribute a more sophisticated brand of pro-regime propaganda inside the US.
The election of Rouhani represents a moderate trend in Iranian politics that the United States should encourage. The cash windfall that will come to the regime as a result of sanctions relief will be spent to repair the economy and address the needs of the Iranian people. Etc Etc.
Americans were systematically bombarded by craven regime “talking points” on mainstream and elite media throughout the Obama presidency—because the president had his eye on making a historic deal with Iran that would secure his “legacy.” Anyone who suggested that there was no real difference between Iranian moderates and hardliners, that the regime will spend its money on its foreign wars, not its own people, was shouted down. Anyone who also belonged to the pro-Israel community—meaning that they cared, among other things, about democratic governance in the Middle East—was denounced as a deceitful dual loyalist who thirsted to send innocent American boys off to war. You know, like those hook-nosed banker cartoons that once enlivened the pages of German newspapers.
Of course it's difficult to understand what's happening in Iran now—the Obama White House and the press sidelined anyone who was not on board with the president's main political goal. To sell the public on the Iran Deal, the Obama administration promoted hack “reporters” and “experts” who would peddle its fairy-tale story-lines, while setting social media mobs on whoever was brave or stupid or naïve or well-informed enough to cast doubt on its cock-eyed picture of Iran—including independent reporters like David Sanger of the Times, as well as the president's entire first-term foreign policy cabinet.
The current coverage of the protests sweeping across Iran is bad by design. The Obama administration used the press to mislead the American public in order to win the president's signature foreign policy initiative. The bill for that program of systematic misinformation is still coming in, and the price is much higher than anyone could have imagined, including more than 500,000 dead in Syria and an American press incapable of understanding, never mind reporting, that this death toll was part of Obama's quid pro quo for the nuclear deal.
And what was gained? America enriched and strengthened a soon-to-be nuclear regime that murders its neighbors abroad while torturing, oppressing, and impoverishing its own citizens. Whether the current wave of protests is successful or not, they show that the Iranian people are heartily sick of the regime that Obama and his servants spent eight years of his Presidency praising and propping up.
Lee Smith is the author of The Consequences of Syria.
Chicago. New York. Washington, D.C. In quick succession this year, three women have been chosen to lead historic tall-steeple churches in all these cities.
In May, the Rev. Shannon Johnson Kershner became the first woman solo senior pastor at Chicago's Fourth Presbyterian Church. In June, the Rev. Amy Butler was elected senior pastor of New York City's Riverside Church. And finally, in July, the Rev. Ginger Gaines-Cirelli began leading Foundry United Methodist Church in Washington, D.C.
“For women to speak in those pulpits and speak boldly as public voices in these very public buildings is very powerful,” said the Rev. Serene Jones, president of Union Theological Seminary, who recently hosted a dinner party with some of New York's movers and shakers to welcome Butler to town.
It's been 40 years since the Episcopal Church first ordained women, and other denominations have long included women in their clergy ranks. But these new advances are occurring sooner in the lives of these three women than some of their older counterparts. The Hartford Institute for Religion Research reports that women clergy are much more likely to serve in smaller congregations.
Scholar Diana Butler Bass hailed the arrival of these women — all in their 40s and leading large, urban, neo-Gothic churches — but also wondered if they reflect the “General Motors phenomenon.”
“Are women coming into leadership only as the institutions are collapsing?” asked Bass, author of Christianity After Religion.
“Now that they're in crisis, it's almost like the men are moving out and, ‘Oh well, we'll just leave it to the women.' Then if the church doesn't succeed, then it's the woman's fault. It's a kind of double-edged sword.”
Gaines-Cirelli, 44, doesn't view it that way.
“I think there are challenges and I think that we face them and I think that the fact that women are being counted among those who are capable of facing those challenges at the highest level is a very positive sign,” said the native Oklahoman.
Sociologist of religion Cynthia Woolever said the movement of first-career women to these significant sanctuaries is occurring in the isolated realm of mainline Protestantism, where about 20 percent of congregations are led by clergywomen.
“If you look at conservative Protestant churches you find very few; in the Catholic church: zero,” said Woolever, editor of The Parish Paper, a newsletter for regional offices of mainline denominations.
“It's wonderful that women are being given those kinds of opportunities to serve in those very large churches, but it's a very small slice of the pie.”
All three of the senior pastors have had to jump gender-specific hurdles.
In June, Butler used the hashtag #nevergetsold when she tweeted about how a funeral director didn't believe she was a minister. She once had to get an emergency room security guard to log on to her former church's website to show him her photo there so she could pay a late-night visit to a sick congregant.
“Look, I know you're his girlfriend,” the guard told her before she convinced him otherwise.
Kershner said that early in her ministry when she was a hospital chaplain, she often entered rooms where she was rebuffed because she wasn't a “real minister.”
In every place she's served as the first woman pastor, Gaines-Cirelli has heard a variation on this theme: “I was so worried that we were getting a woman, but I think that you're going to be just fine.”
Comparable pay was yet another hurdle.
But both Butler and Len Leach, chair of Riverside's church council, said the pastor's base salary of $250,000 is equivalent to that received by her predecessor, the Rev. Brad Braxton.
“It is a big job and for me it's a big, wonderful opportunity and a big risk and so I think the Riverside Church has really stepped out here to set a great example for the rest of Christendom,” said Butler, a native Hawaiian who will lead a majority of black congregation.
Butler described her total package, including benefits, as “fair.” Leach said Butler decided to give $35,000 annually to the interdenominational church's general fund and an additional $26,000 as a scholarship to pay the annual tuition of a student at the church's day school.
Kershner and Gaines-Cirelli also said they are paid fairly.
All three women are not only leading congregations but staffs that include other female clergy. Riverside's staff has four other women clergy, Fourth Church has three female associate pastors, and Foundry has one female associate pastor as well as a woman executive pastor.
“The truth is that for years, it was all men; in some places it still is and nobody bats an eye,” said Gaines-Cirelli. “So the fact that we are live-streaming to the world this other vision is kind of powerful.”
Foundry member Leo Lawless agreed.
“It's about time, isn't it?” he said, noting that a recent worship service featured Gaines-Cirelli and two other women clergy, and two female acolytes as well as a laywoman who read the Scriptures.
The three senior clergywomen each say they look forward to the day when they're viewed simply as their congregation's pastor, rather than its woman pastor.
Said Kershner: “My hope is that little boys and little girls see me and the other clergy and think if that's something that they say and others think God's calling them to do, then they can do it.”
Click on these links to read the first sermons of these pastors before their new congregations:
Kershner:
http://www.fourthchurch.org/sermons/2014/051814.html
Butler:
http://talkwiththepreacher.org/2014/06/08/unlocked/
Gaines-Cirelli:
http://foundry.podbean.com/e/belonging-1404739739/
Adelle M. Banks writes for Religion News Service. Via RNS.
DOWNLOADING an exercise app is not the same as actually doing exercise, it has been confirmed.
Emma Bradford, a digital marketing assistant from Solihull, downloaded an app called EZ Couch to 5K a few days after Christmas but has neither lost weight nor become fitter.
Bradford, 28, commented: “It said that EZ Couch to 5K would provide me with a motivating coach, show me how many calories I've burned and allow me to share my amazing progress on Facebook.
“I've opened the app a few times and entered my name and stuff, but if anything I've gained weight.”
Professor Henry Brubaker, of the Institute for Studies, said: “Most people are made up of an unfortunate combination of vanity and stupidity.
“This means they are easily seduced into buying things that they think will magically make them slim with only the minimal effort of playing with their smartphone for a bit.
“However, the unfortunate truth is that the only way to lose weight is to get off your fat arse and run around a lot in the punishing cold.”
Image copyright AP Image caption France's budget deficit will be around 4.3% of GDP in 2015, missing an earlier target, Mr Sapin said
France's finance minister Michel Sapin has said the country will not achieve a 3% EU budget deficit target.
France's budget deficit will be around 4.4% of GDP in 2014, drop to 4.3% next year, and will not go below 3% until 2017, he said.
Mr Sapin also lowered the country's growth projections for this year and next.
However, France was not requesting a change in European Union rules, he said at a press conference.
The country's lack of growth reflected "an economic reality" that affects Europe, Mr Sapin said.
Projections for growth were lowered from 0.7% to 0.4% in 2014, and down from 1.7% to 1% in 2015.
The government will maintain its current plan for 21bn euros (£17bn) of public spending savings in 2015 while not raising taxes during that year, he added.
France plans to cut public spending by 50bn euros by 2017.
The country has missed a number of budget deficit targets, and has struggled with high unemployment and low growth.
In August three French ministers resigned amid a bitter row over economic policy.
It is Election Day. In the interest of full disclosure, here (via the Federal Election Commission) are the political donations of some of your favorite college football coaches and personalities.
SEC
Nick Saban: The Saban household donated $4,800 to Joe Manchin (Dem, Senate, West Virginia) for his 2010 campaign.
Mark Richt: Mark Richt donated $1,000 to Barbara Dooley (Rep, Congress, Georgia) in 2002
Big Ten
Kirk Ferentz: The Ferentz household donated $250 to Jim Gibbons (Rep, Congress, Iowa) in 2010, $1,550 to Marianette Miller-Meeks (Rep, Congress, Iowa) in 2010 and $1,200 to Jim Leach (Rep, Congress, Iowa) in 2006.
Jim Tressel: Jim Tressel donated $250 to Steve Stivers (Rep, Congress, Ohio) in 2010 and $1,000 to the Republican National Committee in 2008.
Big 12
Tommy Tuberville: The Tuberville household donated $2,000 to Bush/Cheney in 2004 and $500 to Michael Rogers (Rep, Congress, Alabama) in 2006.
Pac 12
David Shaw: The Shaw household donated $2,000 to Barack Obama in 2008 and $250 to the Democratic National Committee in 2012.
ACC
Frank Beamer: The Beamer household donated $2,000 to Mitt Romney in 2012, $500 to Robert Goodlatte (Rep, Congress, Virginia) in 2010 and $500 to the Republican National Committee in 2010.
Jim Grobe: The Grobe household donated $2,000 to Richard Burr (Rep, Senate, North Carolina) in 2010 and $1,000 to the Richard Burr Victory Committee in 2010.
Other
Craig James: Craig James donated $1,000 to Rick Perry (Rep, President) in 2012, $250 to the National Republican Congressional Committee in 2010, $500 to Samuel Johnson (Rep, Congress, Texas) in 2010, $1,000 to Mike Huckabee (Rep, President) in 2008 and $750 to Rudy Guliani (Rep, President) in 2008.
Lou Holtz: Lou Holtz donated $1,000 to Ben Quayle (Rep, Congress, Arizona) in 2012, $1,000 to the National Republican Senatorial Commitee in 2012, $2,000 to the National Republican Congressional Commitee from 2008 to 2010, $4,000 to John Boehner (Rep, Congress, Ohio) from 2007 to 2010, $1,000 to John McCain (Rep, President) in 2008, $2,300 to Hillary Clinton (Dem, President) in 2008, $1,000 to Virginia Foxx (Rep, Congress, North Carolina), $500 to Peter King (Rep, Congress, New York) in 2008, $1,000 to Jon Kyl (Rep, Senate, Arizona) in 2006, $2,000 to Dan Quayle (Rep, President) in 2000 and $1,000 to George W. Bush (Rep, President) in 2000.
[Photo via Presswire]
Striking members of the Chemical, Energy, Printing, Paper, Wood and Allied Workers Union (CEPPWAWU) picketed outside Chevron Refinery today.
“It is only the first day of the strike, but workers have indicated that they are prepared to strike till management has listened to their demands,” said Fazel Ernest, West Cape Regional Coordinator for CEPPWAWU.
Ernest was with around 50 workers picketing outside the Chevron Refinery in Milnerton from 6am to 10:30am.
Placards read: ‘A living wage now', ‘Labour brokering slavery'.
The union called the strike after wage negotiations with employers deadlocked. The negotiations started early May this year. The union wants a 9% increase, while employers have offered 7%.
The strike action also includes the pharmaceutical industry, where employers offered 7.5% for the first year and 7% for the second year, while workers demanded a 9% increase and a one- year only agreement.
Workers are also demanding the right to bargain collectively, job security (permanent employment after three months) and compensation for rotational shifts, not only night work.
Luyanda Maqham, a machine operator for over five years at the Chevron Refinery, said, “I find it very difficult to meet my daily needs with my current wages. What the company is offering does not make up to a living wage because at the end of the day I end up borrowing and this becomes a routine.”
Wesley Adams, a process controller at FFS Refiners, said, “I feel I am underpaid. Every time we try to negotiate in a reasonable manner. This time we are not going to give in. The employer must meet our demands.”
Ernest said the workers would strike until management improved its offer.
He said workers in the pharmaceutical industry would join the strike tomorrow.
Chevron South Africa spokesperson Suzanne Pullinger confirmed that the strike was the result of unresolved wage negotiations between unions and the National Petroleum Employers Association.
Mormonism taught me that what I now know as mental illness was the result of insufficient righteousness or outright sin. It taught me this both directly and indirectly. The only way to be healed was to repent of every last speck of sin, do good constantly, and beg Jesus to fix me. Then wait patiently for him to notice all the backlogged prayers.¹
Amazingly, those methods were not helpful. I believe I went above and beyond the expected level of effort — religious scrupulosity is one of the manifestations of my mental illness (and will be a recurring topic when I write about my own experiences), and it meant that I grew up in constant anxiety over whether I was being righteous enough, not only in my actions and words but even in my private thoughts. I wasn't perfect, but goddamn did I try hard, and I repented even harder when I felt I had fallen short.²
I was trapped in endless mental loops. Basic assumptions, many with no valid basis in reality or ethics, were indoctrinated into me before I was capable of critical thinking or personal choice. That's bad enough, but even worse is the way that these assumptions (“beliefs”) come preloaded with defenses against later examination and critical thinking (the greatest dangers to indoctrinated ideas everywhere).
Some of these defenses are thought-stopping clichés (e.g. “God works in mysterious ways”, “We just have to have faith, and everything will make sense in the next life”). Others, far more effective on a young scrupulous me, are doctrines condemning questions, doubts, and in fact the slightest suggestion that anything in the scriptures or teachings of modern leaders was inconsistent or harmful or anything other than inspired.
Essentially, the indoctrination I internalized from a very young age was an extremely sophisticated mental virus. It took up residence in my mind, took over many of my thought processes and choices, and it fooled my mental immune system into believing it was was vital to my continued (spiritual) health. I'd no sooner allow myself to question it than I would question the sharpness of a nail with the bare sole of my foot.
But I had a reflective, introspective nature (and also very few friends), so of course I thought a lot about all the stories and doctrines and practices that were supposed to be so heavily involved in my salvation.
Mainstream modern mormonism has about 2000 pages of canonized scripture, three hours minimum of church services and classes every Sunday (even for little kids with social anxiety and restless legs), with hundreds of manuals and handbooks and lesson plans to be used there, and at home on Monday nights (church-decreed family night), and in hour-long classes every weekday for teens, and so on.
To the introspection and frequent church-mandated time, add the fact that I was a serious reader from an early age, and felt that god expected me to study all I could, and it's not surprising that I ran into a lot of inconsistencies and troubling questions, very early on. Most of these centered on inconsistencies between the supposed goodness of god and the terrible things attributed to his express command.
The guy who tells Moses “thou shalt not murder” is ordering Moses & friends to commit multiple genocides not many pages later. The guy who's supposed to have revealed to Joseph Smith that, “he denieth none that come unto him, black and white, bond and free, male and female; and he remembereth the heathen; and all are alike unto God, both Jew and Gentile” (2 Nephi 26:33) also banned black people from the highest heavens, and black men from the priesthood, until 1978.
…Um, well, or maybe just chalk that up to imperfect men? And maybe god really wanted to fix the mistake but the members of the church weren't ready for it? (Though that doesn't seem to have stopped, oh, polygamy from being a thing…) Point is, somebody obviously shit the bed on that one. It was so obvious.
It was so obvious, and yet impossible to contemplate for long. Because this same dangerous, capricious, genocidal guy in outer space was constantly reading my mind and watching for me to so much as think something unrighteous.
Only instead of a pistol, he'd use, like, damnation lasers or something.
This whole mess — the contradictions of doctrine, of versions of history, and of avowed morals against incongruent actions and policies, not to mention the need for constant vigilance against private thoughtcrime — weighed heavy on me. And whose fault was that? The other kids in my youth Sunday school class never seemed troubled by any of it, after all; so what was wrong with me?
Maybe I wouldn't have these issues, I told myself, if I hadn't seen topless tribal women in the National Geographic and liked it so much.³
That's a joke now, but it wasn't at the time. Mormonism gave me a magical worldview. When people say “with God, all things are possible,” they usually mean “maybe I'll get what I want even though it's unlikely to happen” — and I had my fair share of sending wishes to god like letters to Santa, except that I would inevitably feel guilty about being selfish when there were much worse things in the world that needed god's attention first. But no one but me seemed to be thinking of the flip side of “with God, all things are possible”: any goddamn thing can happen at any time for any reason.
“See, Jesus, this is why you're my favorite son. Lucifer would have just tried to give them knowledge or some stupid shit like that.”
The magical worldview was directly at odds with empiricism and rational thought; how could I trust the scientific method when my trickster god was liable to go unwinding cause and effect to further whatever zany adventures he was having?
I wish I could say I had a sudden, dramatic realization that, as Tim Minchin puts it, “Throughout history, every mystery ever solved has turned out to be…not magic.”⁴ That this god person's interactions with the human world come at a directly inverse proportion to human understanding of natural phenomena. And so on. But it was not sudden or action-packed; science seldom works that way.
Instead, I grew up a little, then a little more. I went from high school to one year of college at BYU⁵, then a two-year mission, then back to BYU. I read and studied and learned everything I could. I stayed troubled about the inconsistencies of my religion, and I kept burying my concerns as deep as I could and just trying to be the best person I could be. I studied a number of branches of science, and although science was always taught as a series of facts more than a means of discovering new knowledge, empiricism did make some headway in my mind.
Meanwhile, things at church just got more and more ethically troubling. I had all kinds of privilege in mormonism, being white, male, straight, and American, and grew more and more aware of how different the mormon experience could be for people of color, women, non-hetero and non-cis people, and non-Americans (who are not the primary audience of mormonism, and have less access to information about it).
I also had more compassion for others than I had for myself. So when close friends expressed what it was like to live with mental illness in a church that teaches mental illness isn't real, or comes from sin, or should be treated with prayer and patience rather than medical help, my heart broke for them. I begged god to help me understand why they were treated that way.
But for the longest time, I couldn't see that I was really one of them. This slowly transitioned into seeing, but refusing to believe — I got really good at rationalizing and downplaying things as a mormon — but eventually the weight of it all was too much. I didn't just need to pray longer, harder, or more sincerely. My problems weren't the kind that could be treated by attending even more secret mormon temple rituals, or studying the scriptures even more fervently, or thinking even less about myself and doing more service that I didn't have the energy or time to do.
Instead, I had a crippling cocktail of anxiety, depression, and what I would later come to know as obsessive-compulsive disorder with a focus on religious and moral scrupulosity. They came from a complex set of environmental, genetic, chemical, and neurological factors, not because god wasn't satisfied with my efforts. In fact, whether or not this god existed, he certainly gave zero apparent fucks about my suffering or my pleas for help.
I had mental illnesses, and they were real and legitimate and describable in purely naturalistic terms, with no place for the supernatural. And my own mind had fought for years to keep me from this important realization. That fucker.
— Why had I believed things that were false? Some were obvious, others less so. Many had harmful effects on me or others, or at very least were parasites that contributed nothing to my existence. Why had I not only believed them, but struggled to maintain them in spite of both fact and their observable effects?
— What else did I believe, even then, that would end up being false when I looked straight at it for the first time? What other beliefs would need to be demolished, and what foundation would I be left with?
— How could I know anything?
These are scary questions. When you've based your whole life and identity on assumptions and ways of thinking that no longer work, it can feel like the ground has dissolved beneath your feet and you're in an eternal freefall. Worse, people who still subscribe to the faulty assumptions seldom take it well when others bring them into question; the social pressure to still act like a believer can be immense. For me, it was almost as bad as the internal pressure of my scrupulosity's last-ditch effort to maintain its hold on my mind.
But even with all that distress, I was also relieved. I was no longer split between irreconcilable demands. I no longer felt obligated to justify the unjustifiable or rationalize the irrational. And I had a starting point: the knowledge that my consciousness was not as rational as it thought itself to be. That some cognitive traps are invisible at first, that they might even seem to be a necessary part of the self — but that even these can be escaped.
How? With metacognition, thinking about thinking. Why do I think the things I think, and believe the things I believe? What qualifies as “knowledge” and how can I test ideas or facts that I think I know? Empiricism, rational thought, skepticism.
My mind is prone to distorted and irrational thinking. So is yours, although perhaps less so than mine; it's not a contest. It doesn't matter. Realizing and accepting that you are susceptible to cognitive traps might be a disappointment compared to thinking you know everything with total certainty, but get the fuck over it! The person with perceived total certainty will go on believing every dumbass thing they believe, but you and I stand a fighting chance. We know our vulnerability and so we can examine, scrutinize, and test beliefs. Little by little, we can become less and less wrong.
New Zealand Rugby (NZR) posted a loss of $463,000 in the 2015 Rugby World Cup year, the organisation announced on Wednesday.
NZR also signalled a significant expansion of support for provincial rugby over the next five years following the finalisation of global broadcast contracts.
NZR chief executive Steve Tew said the loss, which was less than budgeted, reflected a deliberate decision to continue investing in the organisation's strategic priorities including winning back-to-back Rugby World Cup titles.
"We are very proud of what we achieved in 2015. We supported the All Blacks in their goal of winning the World Cup away from home, including the historic Test in Samoa which kicked off their successful campaign. We also increased resourcing for the All Blacks Sevens and New Zealand Women's Sevens teams as they build towards the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro," he said in a statement.
READ MORE:
* Milner-Skudder out for season
* Smith picks love over money
* Rio sacrificed for Highlanders
In 2015 NZR invested $134.3 million across the game, compared to $120.2 million in the previous year.
Tew said a Rugby World Cup year was an unusual one in terms of income with far fewer tests, meaning test match revenue was $12 million lower than the previous year.
"While we received significant compensation from World Rugby for the lost test match revenue, this does not fully offset the loss of potential commercial revenue in a normal year. For example, some sponsors pay less as they're not able to leverage their partnerships to the same degree with fewer tests in a Rugby World Cup year.
"Having said that, it was very pleasing to record revenue of $133.7 million, up from $120.8 million in 2014. This reflected the World Rugby compensation, new sponsorship agreements, along with World Cup-related licensing income and bonuses."
The NZR also lost money on the Wellington Sevens tournament.
NZR's overall financial position remained strong. Cash reserves closed the year at $59.1 million slightly down on 2014.
By Naomi Wolf
Hearings are underway in the US Senate to assess what to do with the 240 detainees still behind bars at Guantanamo Bay, and what will become of the military tribunals and detention without trial that the administration of former US president George W. Bush and a compliant Congress put into place.
The US Congress is also debating what will happen to the detention camp itself, which was established in 2002 to house men who were allegedly “the worst of the worst,” in a setting deliberately framed by Bush attorneys as “legal outer space.”
But are those Senate hearings actually window dressing on a new reality that is just as bad as the old one — and in some ways worse?
Military tribunals without due process are up and running again. While US President Barack Obama has released a few prisoners, notably Chinese Uighurs, and sent another for a real trial in New York City, he is now, chillingly, signaling that he is about to begin “preventive detention,” which would empower him to hold forever an unspecified number of prisoners without charges or trials.
On a visit to Guantanamo, Department of Defense spokesman Joe DellaVedova told me that a series of panels were reviewing the detainees' files, a process that will take until the end of this year. The review will sort the detainees into three categories: those who will be tried in criminal courts in the US; those who will be released and sent to other countries; and those who “can't be released and can't be tried and so have to be held indefinitely … what is being called ‘preventive detention.'”
I was stunned. DellaVedova's comment suggested that the review process was merely political theater. If there is to be a genuine review of the accusations against these detainees, how can it be known in advance that the third category will be required? Indefinite preventive detention is, of course, the foundation of a police state.
Human rights organizations knew that Obama had prepared the way, in public-relations terms, for some criminal trials — talking up the “supermax” security of some US prisons, and noting that other terrorists have successfully been tried by the US' justice system. (Other democracies, such as the UK and Spain, always try terrorism suspects, including alleged al-Qaeda members, in ordinary criminal trials.)
But, six months after he ordered an end to torture and CIA “black sites,” and promised to close Guantanamo within a year, Obama seems to be re-branding Bush's worst excesses.
He has brought in planeloads of journalists to Guantanamo Bay to show them a “safe, transparent and humane” facility that now offers fresh baklava and video viewing from a shackled loveseat.
But the roughly 240 detainees remain incarcerated without having been charged with any crime, and will still not get a fair trial, even under Obama's proposed military commissions. After all, the prosecutor, the judge and the “panel” are all to be US government employees.
Furthermore, Obama's Justice Department has invoked Bush's argument that the State Secrets Act bars evidence about torture from being disclosed, which means that anyone who was tortured can never appear in court. Moreover, Obama has sought to suppress hundreds of photographs depicting sexual assault in US-run prisons, and has done nothing to roll back the Patriot Act.
Milan to make Donnarumma captain?
By Football Italia staff
Milan could hand Gianluigi Donnarumma the captaincy to convince him to stay, as well as giving his agent a sell-on clause.
The 18-year-old goalkeeper is out of contract at the end of next season, and so far he is yet to agree a new deal with the club.
His agent, Mino Raiola, is reluctant to commit his client's future to the Rossoneri until the ambitions of the new Chinese ownership are clear, while there is interest from abroad.
According to La Repubblica, the Diavolo will offer €3.5m per season to convince Donnarumma to re-sign, a figure which would rise over the course of the contract.
In addition, the newspaper believes that the Italian international could be offered the captaincy to show their faith in him.
Futhermore, Raiola could be given a 15 per cent cut from any future transfer, similar to deal which saw him get €27m from Paul Pogba's move from Juventus to Manchester United.
The Welcome Page can make or break your website – it is the first thing your visitors engage with whenever they visit your website, and it can determine if they stay and read more or close the window- without ever looking back. That being said, it is very important to come up with a well-designed, well-written, visitor-oriented and intuitive welcome page that will serve as the ‘Business Card' of your website. It should be so reflective of your business/product, that you would carry a small version around in your pocket and hand it out at parties to other professionals.
Here, you will find four useful tips on how to crack the code to an intuitive welcome page:
#1: Focus On Readability
The concept of “readability” refers to how accessible and readable your website is, in the eyes of the visitor. As you may already know, visitors want to find the information they are looking for in a fast, efficient and effortless manner – they do not want to browse through tens of pages of text or be bothered with content that is very hard to read.
Studies demonstrate that the average Internet user only reads 28% of text on a webpage- that's less than a third! (Truthfully, this study is from a few years ago. It goes without saying that number has decreased with time.) What does this mean for you? Easy-to-read, accessible content is integral to the success of your welcome page.
There are several important aspects you need to consider when improving the readability of your website. Firstly, the text must be large enough to be read – stick to the essential information and do not write more than 60 characters per line. Secondly, it is important to use appealing formatting: bulleted lists are very important when you try to emphasize on a certain aspect, and so is italicized text. Bold text can be used as well, but be careful not to overdo it- or it'll turn users away. (WE KNOW YOU'RE EXCITED BUT DON'T SHOUT AT YOUR CUSTOMERS)
#2: Improve Page Loading Time
The loading time of the welcome page also plays a crucial role, as your visitors won't wait long – even a small improvement of several milliseconds can make a difference. Some users will patiently wait for your low-grade technology to catch up but a whopping 40% said they're already on another website if a page takes more than 3 seconds to load.
Jason Fried, founder of Web Design company, 37Signals, explained that, “Improving speed to make something 25 percent faster is a much more valuable feature than a brand-new feature.”
The good news is that you can easily improve the page loading time by reducing the size of your media files (pictures, videos and music), by eliminating the flash files which take a lot of time to load and by reducing the number of plugins to a minimum. Stick only to the files and plugins that you need and use plugins that enhance the user experience of your site, and your website will not only load faster but it will look better without all the clutter as well. Besides that, you can also find a variety of website speed tests can help you monitor the performance of your site and to keep an eye on the page loading time.
#3: Make Sure Welcome Page Is Mobile-Friendly
We said it before and we'll say it again- your users are impatient: 30% of web users said their maximum wait time is only 6-10 seconds, before they abandon your page.
Smart phones have evolved to such an extent that most users use their phones to access the Internet, especially on-the-go. This is why more and more website owners have started to optimize their websites and make them mobile-friendly – a website that is not properly optimized takes too much time to load, and the content is often displayed inappropriately as well, thus determining the visitors to leave your page. Your mobile visitors will give you maximum ten seconds: if the website does not load correctly within that time frame, you will lose audience.
#4: Include a Search Bar
Another aspect of utmost importance for improving your welcome page is including a search bar from the beginning, so that your users will find what they are looking for faster and easier. This is actually one of the cheapest and easiest modifications that you can make to your first page – however, it can make a tremendous difference regarding your website traffic.
The Bottom Line
A great homepage can be much more than a collection of graphics and content. Your job, as a UX designer (or a UX enthusiast) is to make the page fun, enjoyable, and simple.
These are four important steps that you need to take to make your welcome page as intuitive and as user-friendly as possible. Apart from the mobile optimization step, which requires more planning, all of these adjustments are very simple and straightforward and you can easily bring the necessary modifications by yourself.
I'll leave you with my favorite design quote:
“Give users what they want- and a little more. In addition to enabling users to use your service effectively and efficiently, make them also think, ‘Wow, this application is genius.' Exceed their expectations desirably. If you do so, they will use your website or app not because they have to but because they want to.” (Helge Fredheim – Why User Experience Cannot Be Designed)
(Lead image: Depositphotos)
37 Pages Posted: 2 Jun 2011
Date Written: 2011
Abstract
In this article, Professor Paulsen sets forth the proper method for counting to thirty-four -- the number of states needed to apply for an Article V constitutional convention, in order to trigger Congress's constitutional obligation to call one -- and applies it to the more than 400 extant submissions of the states over the past two hundred years, through the end of 2010. The rules: Article V contemplates only "unlimited" conventions for proposing amendments. State applications explicitly conditioned on the convention being limited to a certain topic or amendment language are not valid applications for a general, unrestricted constitutional convention. However, state applications reciting a subject matter purpose or agenda but not conditioned on the convention being limited to that topic, constitute valid applications for a general constitutional convention. "Limited-only" applications do not logically and necessarily repeal earlier, valid applications. And valid applications for a general convention may be cumulated over time and across subject; they do not die of their own force, but live on until repealed. Article V imposes no time deadline for cumulating convention applications.
Applying these rules -- the correct counting rules -- how close are we to the magic number of thirty-four? Professor Paulsen saves the dazzling, dizzying conclusion for the end of the article, followed by an appendix updating every state's status (lights "on" or "off" for a general constitutional convention for proposing amendments) on a state-by-state basis.
A here on Friday issued a bailable warrant against Baba Ramdev in a case filed against him for remarks made against those who refused to say ' Mata ki Jai'.
The warrant was issued by additional Chief Judicial Magistrate Harish Goyal after Ramdev failed to appear before the despite summons issued to him.
They had summoned Ramdev under Section 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke the breach of peace) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) following a speech made in April last year during a 'Sadbhavna Sammelan' held here.
During the speech, Ramdev said that but for the Constitution, thousands would have been beheaded for opposing the chanting of ' Mata ki Jai'.
Congress leader and former minister Subhash Batra had approached the court after the police refused to register a case against Ramdev.
The yoga guru is considered close to the BJP government in Haryana, which has been in power in since October 2014. The BJP government has also named Ramdev as the brand ambassador of
--IANS
js/vgu/dg
(This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)
Texas Lieutenant Gov. Dan Patrick said on May 13 the state will "not yield to blackmail" after the Obama administration announced a directive to public schools to give transgender students access to facilities, including bathrooms that match their chosen gender identity. (Reuters)
News of the president's forthcoming directive requiring educators to let students use bathrooms according to their gender identity — not their birth certificate — offered a welcome set of guidelines to some school administrators Thursday night about how they ought to proceed amidst the ongoing legal and cultural bathroom battle embroiling the nation.
[Obama administration to instruct schools to accommodate transgender students]
“It really gives some peace to what it is principals have been feeling all the while,” said Bob Farrace, public affairs director for the National Association of Secondary School Principals. “Principals really need to make sure the federal government has their back.”
But in many living rooms, public forums and politically charged spaces across the country — including the Texas GOP convention — Obama's decree has merely intensified an already raging debate about gendered bathrooms and who should and should not be allowed to use them.
Found taped to a stall in a woman's bathroom in the convention Ctr at GOP convention pic.twitter.com/ZKVjZYv3VX — Julie Fine (@JulieFineNBC5) May 12, 2016
Just hours after news outlets reported on the directive, which will be sent to all public schools across the country Friday, Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick offered a doomsday outlook.
The Obama administration will issue a directive May 13, telling every public school district to allow transgender students to use bathrooms that match their gender identity. (Reuters)
“This will be the beginning of the end of the public school system as we know it,” he told NBC 5.
Patrick and other top Republicans in America's largest conservative state, had spent the day listening to Gov. Greg Abbott's vows to unite with the state of North Carolina as it wages a legal battle with the federal government over the Tar Heel state's new law requiring people to use the bathroom that aligns with the gender on their birth certificate.
I announced today that Texas is fighting this. Obama can't rewrite the Civil Rights Act. He's not a King. #tcot https://t.co/vDgfQPZXjR — Greg Abbott (@GregAbbott_TX) May 13, 2016
And just this week, Patrick called for the resignation of a Fort Worth schools superintendent after he proposed policies more inclusive of transgender students.
[What happened when a room full of Texas parents took on transgender bathrooms]
Then came news of Obama's directive.
“President Obama, in the dark of the night – without consulting Congress, without consulting educators, without consulting parents – decides to issue an executive order, like this superintendent, forcing transgender policies on schools and on parents who clearly don't want it,” Patrick told NBC 5.
Patrick said he was criticized for involving himself in local matters, but that the Obama administration's decree was a far more egregious government overreach.
“I got news for President Barack Obama,” Port Neches-Groves (Texas) Superintendent Rodney Cavness told 12News. “He ain't my President and he can't tell me what to do. That letter is going straight to the paper shredder. I have 5 daughters myself and I have 2,500 girls in my protection. Their moms and dads expect me to protect them. And that is what I am going to do. Now I don't want them bullied… but there are accommodations that can be made short of this. He is destroying the very fiber of this country. He is not a leader. He is a failure.”
Conservative bloggers echoed a similar sentiment, one that basically amounted to: Here we go again.
As Obama's time in the White House ticks away, the president wants his administration to leave a legacy of social reform, especially when it comes to issues like same-sex marriage, immigration, healthcare, clean air and climate change. Because Congress is under Republican control, Obama has mostly had to blaze this trail on his own. While doing so, however, the administration has in many ways left in its wake a mess of court and cultural battles that will likely wind up in the lap of the next president.
In impassioned speeches announcing a lawsuit against North Carolina's so-called bathroom law, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Vanita Gupta, the head of the Justice Department's civil rights division, said the law discriminated against transgender people. (Reuters)
[Feds say Illinois school district broke law by banning transgender student from girls' locker room]
The Obama administration has at best a mixed record in the courts when it comes to using executive power unilaterally to change policies. Its efforts to shield millions of illegal immigrants from deportation without congressional approval were blocked by both a U.S. district judge who said Obama exceeded his legal authority and an appeals court, and are now awaiting the judgement of the U.S. Supreme Court.
In February, the Supreme Court blocked a key part of Obama's ambitious proposal to limit carbon emissions and reduce global warming while the plan is challenged. On Thursday, a federal judge struck down a portion of Obama's signature Affordable Care Act health law, ruling that Obama exceeded his authority in unilaterally funding a provision that sent billions of dollars in subsidies to health insurers.
In directing schools across the nation to provide transgender students with access to suitable facilities — including bathrooms and locker rooms — that match their chosen gender identity, the administration virtually guarantees another potentially long court struggle over the scope of presidential power, in this case, the power under Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 to use a threatened cut-off of federal education funds to tell states how to run their bathrooms.
[How a 1989 ‘glass ceiling' ruling led to the government's claim against N.C.'s ‘bathroom law']
The battle was already well underway in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 4th Circuit, which ruled on April 19 in a 2-1 decision that the Gloucester County (Virginia) School Board must defer to the Department of Education's interpretation of the Title IX. The case, which involved a transgender boy seeking to use the boys' restrooms at his high school, is being appealed to the full appeals court for reconsideration after the ruling by a three-judge panel of that appeals court.
[The legal fight over North Carolina's transgender bathroom law, in 4 questions]
The majority ruling and a dissent in the case offer a glimpse of the arguments to come. Judge Henry F. Floyd, joined by Judge Andre M. Davis, said that whether or not they approved of the government's interpretation of the law, the court was bound to defer to it.
The dissenting judge, Paul V. Niemeyer, reflecting an argument currently being made by North Carolina and others in the fight against the government, took issue with the deference and the interpretation and raised a “bodily privacy” right that is increasingly being heard from groups opposed to the administration's attempts to force change in bathroom and locker room policies.
“Across societies and throughout history,” Niemeyer wrote, “it has been commonplace and universally accepted to separate public restrooms, locker rooms, and shower facilities on the basis of biological sex in order to address privacy and safety concerns arising from the biological differences between males and females. An individual has a legitimate and important interest in bodily privacy such that his or her nude or partially nude body, genitalia, and other private parts are not exposed to persons of the opposite biological sex. Indeed, courts have consistently recognized that the need for such privacy is inherent in the nature and dignity of humankind. ”
Interestingly, the two judges in the majority conceded that they agreed with Niemeyer about bodily privacy, but noted that “It is not apparent to us … that the truth of these propositions undermines the conclusion we reach regarding the level of deference due to the Department's interpretation of its own regulations.”
1 of 8 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × See supporters and opponents of the controversial ‘bathroom bill' rally in N.C. View Photos The new state law mandates that transgender people use the public restroom that correspond with the gender on their birth certificate. Caption The new state law mandates that transgender people use the public restroom that correspond with the gender on their birth certificate. April 11, 2016 Supporters of the legislation gather outside the North Carolina State Capitol in Raleigh. Gerry Broome/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Correction: An earlier version of this post misspelled the last name of Port Neches-Groves Superintendent Rodney Cavness.
Moscow City Hall has announced the launch of its own version of online game “Pokémon Go.” Russians will be asked to find and "catch" historical figures in the streets of the capital via an app called “Know Moscow.Photo.”
The game, which is due to be released in August, will use the augmented reality technology of “Pokémon Go,” to allow users to capture historical characters on real-life backgrounds with their smartphone cameras. “By the end of August, people will be able to catch and take a selfie with [deceased Russian rock musician] Viktor Tsoi, Yury Gagarin, Alexander Pushkin, Pyotr Chaikovsky, [founder of the first Russian university] Mikhail Lomonosov, Ivan the Terrible, Peter the Great, Napoleon Bonaparte and the tsar Aleksei Mikhailovich,” the Moscow government website announced Monday.
“Pokémon Go,” the latest online game by Nintendo, went viral days after it was released in the United States, Australia and New Zealand on July 6. Its official release in Russia has been postponed indefinitely due to server capacity problems, although thousands of Russians have downloaded the game using accounts registered abroad.
“Pokémon Go” has been subject to criticism from both pro-Kremlin politicians and traditionalist forces in Russia. Some officials have condemned the app as “dangerous” and “eroding morale,” while several patriotic organizations called for the game to be banned. State-owned television channel Rossiya 24 also recently aired report explaining how Russians could be committing criminal offenses while playing the game.
When I married outside of the fold, I discovered something new: turns out a large segment of the Canadian population regularly watches movies around Christmas time.
It was like a brand-new world opened up in front of me.
Despite my liberal upbringing, extensive movie-viewing had never been a major part of the holiday season through my childhood and youth. This wasn't in objection to the worldliness of Christmas movies. With their transparent moralism, they're actually the kind of movie that would usually gain our stamp of approval. But between choir practice, baking marathons, Church community-building events, Handel's Messiah, and a minimum of fifteen family dinners, we were lucky to find the time for watching the briefest of all Christmas TV offerings. And we'd only do that while finishing up our DIY Christmas gifts.
Now that I've discovered the Christmas movie phenomenon,though, I feel the need to incorporate them into my traditions. I just wish they were a little more Mennonite.
I don't think this is an impossible wish. Although film-making is not one of the top ten most popular Mennonite career choices, I am betting there are at least a couple Mennonite film-makers out there. I just need them to realize their calling and start churning out some Menno re-makes of the classics. I think it's time for such films as Meet Me in St. Jacobs, It's a Vonderful Goot Life, and Miracle on the 34th Concession.
The remakes will also need a bit of fine-tuning. In It's a Vonderful Goot Life, George's brother will not be a “war hero” and we'll want to replace all that dancing in any of the movies with volleyball or Dutch Blitz tournaments.
Minor modifications.
Also, you know that movie, A Christmas Story? The one with the kid rigid in a snowsuit and dogs running away with the turkey? We'll want to change the phrase, “you'll shoot your eye out,” which is spoken several times to veto a toy gun for the protagonist's Christmas present. Vetoing toy guns is all well and good but not just for fear of self-harm. So, we'll change that to “you'll grow to normalize gun violence and the military-industrial complex.” Also, the kid won't get the gun.
But, what of the holiday romantic comedies, you ask? The romcom is another genre of film woefully lacking of Mennonite content (though I understand that the Hallmark Channel has aired a few Bonnet-Ripper adaptions). Where, I ask you, is what would surely be an instant classic – While You were Schputting, a film in which a young woman saves a stranger's life and falls in love with him despite his incessant and sometimes insensitive teasing?
And, of course, I am also awaiting with bated breath for the re-make that will take the world by storm: Covenant, Actually. This opens with a view of a Mennonite Assembly and a voice-over declaiming at how cynics think no one respects covenants anymore but they actually are all around you, if you look for them. The film follows with a series of vignettes of people and groups who covenant with each other. It's all very heart warming. And, yes, they will use the word covenant as a noun and as a verb.
Once we're done with all the re-makes, we might come out with an original holiday flick or two. I have in mind a plot for The Great Canadian Mennonite Holiday Romcom.
It starts on Christmas Eve, of course. We have shots of two different services and two different pastors, both women, both middle-aged. One wears a stole and the other wears street clothes. One of the Churches is a bit more ornate and has the national flag hanging. The other is simpler in design but it still has a Christmas tree and the mostly white, middle class and middle-aged congregations are both dressed in their Sunday finest.
Because it's a comedy, we'll want a mishap in each of the services – maybe a scripture reader pauses too long during a well-worn passage; maybe the pianist keeps playing the carols out of order.
The services end in parallel and the two pastors leave. We see the names of the Churches as they leave – one is the United Church of Canada, the other Mennonite. Both pastors seem a little bit melancholy as they make their way home. The Mennonite pastor walks home with her husband but they are distant to each other, like friends, not lovers. The United Church pastor walks home alone.
That's the setup. The two pastors are friends who will discover, while walking through a winter wonderland later on, that they are in love with each other. You would think that the United Church pastor would have seen this coming since she left the Mennonite Church years ago after coming out as a lesbian. But she is almost as floored as the Mennonite pastor who had, until that moment, seen herself as heterosexual.
It's a dramatic scene and romantic. It's also rife with comedy. The audience will want them to fall into each other's arms but instead they recoil with shock and panic. And because they're both pastors, they'll pray. The whole movie will probably have a laughable amount of prayer.
The comedy ramps up a level once the Mennonite pastor starts coming out to her seemingly progressive congregation. Because the movie's a romantic comedy, the audience will know from the start that love will prevail. That's a given in the genre. But that doesn't mean that there won't be trouble. The Mennonite congregation will be divided. There will be squabbling – lots of it – over questions of morality, leadership, and what the neighbouring Churches might think. Some of that might be cringe-worthy. And some of it would be hurtful if it happened in real-life instead of in the confines of a feel-good movie. Happily, all of the judgement and upset will be interspersed with scenes of a beautiful mid-life love story.
Altogether, it's a story about a community or institution being faced with a wild, overwhelming force of love, and being powerless in the face of it. Oh, the community could punish the pastor as an employee of the Church and some will want to do so, but the audience knows that punishment is meaningless in the face of love, even as various members of the Church lash out and try their mightiest to push back against the tide of the romantic narrative.
That's what's funny.
That's not all, of course. There's also the hypocrisy whenever progressives find their limits are a little further from progressive than they imagine. Nothing's quite as funny as hypocrisy. Except perhaps slapstick. So we'll fill the cast with clumsy congregants and strangely eccentric Church elders. It'll be a hit.
I don't think the story can happen just over one Christmas season. I'm thinking we could open on one Christmas Eve and end it the following Christmas season. That's not really realistic for any kind of resolution in the Mennonite Church but this is fiction and romcoms are not meant to go on forever.
I am split between two possible endings. On the one hand, I suspect that many a movie-goer would prefer an ending where our Mennonite pastor found a way to give her confused and judging congregation the figurative finger. And our not-so-young lovers can run off hand in hand across pristine fields of snow as the congregation continues its bickering and the credits roll.
But it's Christmas and I am leaning towards a more redemptive ending. This one features a grand group scene of reconciliation. In this version, even the most dogmatic of the congregants shrug their shoulders and admit that love is greater than even the structures of the Mennonite Church. It'll be a glorious final scene with oddballs, hipsters and elders coming together in the joy of a new Christmas.
Maybe they'll be gathered for a carol hymn sing. Or maybe a cocktail party. But more likely a carol hymn sing.
Far-fetched? I don't know. I know I'd watch it. I'd watch it year after year while baking weihnachts piroshki, wrapping up packages of homemade maraschino cherries, and nursing a sore throat stretched and raw from too much pretending I can sing along to the Messiah. And isn't that the very reason that we all need a Mennonite Christmas movie?
Merry Christmas.
The Pastor's Companion
The movie isn't made yet but I have a cocktail prepared to accompany it, nonetheless. Called the Pastor's Companion, it is heavy on the whiskey because, in my experience, Mennonite pastors have a surprising preference for the wry. It's also a variation on the Old Fashioned.
2 oz rye whiskey
1/2 oz holiday spice simple syrup*
maraschino cherries
Stir together the whiskey and the syrup. Pour over several cubes of ice and garnish with cherries. Offer a special toast as you drink this year, calling for Peace on Earth and Goodwill among Mennonites.
*holiday spice simple syrup: Combine 1/4 cup sugar, 1/4 cup water, a dash each of nutmeg and cloves, and an inch or two of a cinnamon stick in a small pot. Heat until it starts to boil. Cool completely and chill until ready to use in the cocktail. Strain.
Advertisements
Search Gallery NCHG-- PART 17 pettyartist 389 A PETTY NUZLOCKE CHALLENGE: HEARTGOLD ED 5TH ANNI pettyartist 507 Advertisement Advertisement French's Nuzlocke- Four Brothers pettyartist 312 What Are Those pettyartist 255 Pokémon Ranger Irwin pettyartist 988 Bill Nye the Poke Guy pettyartist 489 Petty Nuzlocke Challenge-- Pokeball Meme LG ed. pettyartist 287 Petty Nuzlocke Challenge-- Pokeball Meme pettyartist 353 APRIL FOOLS 2016 - Guest comic by Ky-Nim pettyartist 339 NCHG-- PART 16 pettyartist 527 Memory [UNDERTALE SPOILERS] pettyartist 1,473 Despite Everything It's Still You (Spoilers) pettyartist 1,867 A Petty Nuzlocke Challenge LG Edition-- 5th Anni pettyartist 357 Shatterlocke --Commission-- pettyartist 79 NCLG-- Panel Redraw-- Surf pettyartist 126 NCLG-- Panel Redraw-- The Adoption pettyartist 203 NCLG-- Panel Redraw-- Megahorn pettyartist 152 NCLG-- Panel Redraw-- Dream Eater pettyartist 167 NCLG-- Panel Redraw-- LULU in Viridian Forest pettyartist 114 NCLG-- Panel Redraw-- BARB vs KANGASKHAN pettyartist 131 NCLG-- Panel Redraw-- BARB Alone pettyartist 131 NCLG-- Panel Redraw-- Frenzy Plant pettyartist 176 NCLG-- Panel Redraw-- SPUDS and LOCKE Meet pettyartist 170 NCHG-- PART 15 pettyartist 430
Leigh Goldenberg prides herself in following all the laws while riding her bike. The Passyunk Square resident calls herself a “typical law-abiding bicyclist” who sits at red lights and cautiously rolls through stop signs like any cyclist or driver in South Philly. A communications professional in the city, the 34-year-old uses her bike a lot. She continued commuting by bicycle while pregnant and strapped a “Baby on Board” sign on the back of her bike to remind drivers to be considerate. And that's when things turned sour. Recommended Slideshows 4 Pictures PHOTOS: Singapore's treasures star in NY Botanical Garden's 2019 Orchid Show 4 Pictures 36 Pictures Oscars 2019: Red carpet looks and full list of winners 36 Pictures 36 Pictures All of these celebrities have had their nudes leaked 36 Pictures More picture galleries 16 Pictures These photos of Trump and Ivanka will make you deeply uncomfortable 16 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside Brooklyn's Teknopolis is tech that makes us more human 4 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside The Strand's Fight Against Being Named a New York City Landmark 4 Pictures “Instead of people being patient upon seeing my "Baby On Board" sign or find it nice that I was gestating a human and still getting around on two wheels, I would get more honks and shouts than I was used to,” Goldenberg says. “More than a handful of drivers told me that I shouldn't be biking at all or that I deserved to be hit or it was my choice what happened if I didn't get out of the road.” Now, she bikes with her daughter in a cargo seat. And the harassment hasn't stopped. In fact, in some cases, it'sled her to break the law, often out of fear. “You better believe if someone is verbally harassing me or laying on their horn that I'll run a light to get a head start,” she continues. “The idea of a confrontation is pretty scary and I want to set a good example for fellow cyclists by not getting into shouting matches.” Bicycling is largely defensive. Ask any guywho regularly rides and he will tell you his techniques for staying visible on the street: For instance, if there aren't any cars coming toward you, it may feel safer to go through a red light and establish yourself to the motor vehicles on the next block. If there's no bike lane and you're sitting in vehicle traffic, getting a head start can be the difference between a frustrated driver honking at you to the next red light. Related Articles Perverts in public: Sexual harassment on the MBTA in the spotlight, advocates push fo... Sexual harassment settled Dealing with road rage Ask a woman about any of these situations, the story is infinitely worse. “Lots of people from the street yell at me,” says Rebecca Fisher, an intern with Women Bike PHL, a Philly program that exists to both get more women on bikes and provide a space for women to talk about bicycling issues. “I might say stop signs are the worst because that's where I find people will yell at me—as I'm stopped at a stop sign.” Philadelphia has a larger proportion of female cyclists than the average U.S. city (32 percent in Philly vs. 24 percent nationally), and with that, unfortunately, comes more on-bike harassment and catcalling than is seen in most cities. It's a large reason why many female cyclists feel more comfortable breaking the law on their bikes. “I find sitting at the light means the person next to you in a car will often say something to me, especially with open windows in the summer,” continues Fisher. “I'm more likely to run a yellow or red to avoid being still. Same with stop signs.” For Tanya Seaman, a Philadelphia cyclist, her defensive riding techniques are more heightened at night. “If I'm riding at night, I feel safer going through an empty intersection than waiting around for a would-be attacker,” she says. “Stopping and re-accelerating feels less safe than continuously moving forward.” Common sense tells us laws should always be obeyed unless the prospect of danger is so glaring that a prudent person would not have obeyed.Andfor many women, there are worse circumstances to consider than getting pulled over by a bike cop and fined. Randy LoBasso is the communications manager at the Bicycle Coalition of Greater Philadelphia. On Twitter: @RandyLoBasso
POLICE have successfully sought confiscation orders from two women involved in a plot which saw a pensioner hand over tens of thousands of pounds on the pretence that his drains would be cleaned.
The 71-year-old victim, who has a full-time carer, was repeatedly duped into writing 15 cheques to the value of more than £85,000 after he was visited at his home in Bishop Auckland, County Durham.
Some of the cheques were stopped in time after the alarm was raised, but £60,074 in total was cashed.
Four women with connections to the travelling community, Dixie-Lee Petch, Gillian Russell, Michelle Tyler and Jodie Rutley had previously been given jail sentences, some suspended, after admitting money laundering offences by allowing the cheques to be paid through their bank accounts over a 12 month period from June 2011.
Following action taken by Durham police, Judge Peter Bowers, sitting at Teesside Crown Court, ruled that 20-year-old Rutley, of Charltons Terrace, Saltburn, had benefitted by more than £13,000 from the offences.
Petch, 25, of Chesterfield, Derbyshire, was said to benefitted by more than £6,000.
The court heard how the women had no readily available assets, but the orders made against them will remain until the owed amounts are fully paid, meaning money could be seized in the future.
Russell, 30, of Hewley Avenue, York and Tyler, 43, of Tynedale Close, Saltburn, did not appear for the proceeds of crime hearing and benefit figures in their case have yet to be agreed.
John Foreman, of Durham police's financial investigation unit, said some of the money paid had already been returned to the victim.
He said: “This has been a long and protracted investigation involving a vulnerable member of the public who was repeatedly preyed upon by persons in order to obtain cash from him.
“This was done unlawfully in the guise of carrying out legitimate work.
“Persons of this nature involved in scams like this will be targeted and brought to bear where possible and confiscation proceedings will take place against them.”
Universal Income from Universal Assets
James K. Boyce and Peter Barnes
James K. Boyce teaches economics at the University of Massachusetts Amherst. Peter Barnes is a co-founder of Credo Mobile and the author of With Liberty and Dividends for All.
Lately there's been renewed discussion of universal income: regular cash payments to everyone, regardless of race, gender or need. Past proponents of the idea include the revolutionary Tom Paine, civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr., free-market econ­omist Milton Friedman and President Richard Nixon. Today's interest has been sparked by the income stagnation experienced by America's middle class and working poor, and by the persistent slow growth experienced by our economy.
The idea finds support across America's ideological spectrum in an era when hardly anything else does. Liberals, or at least some of them, like it as a way to preserve our middle class when jobs no longer pay enough. Conservatives, or at least some of them, like it as a way to reduce dependence on our byzantine maze of welfare programs.
But universal income is expensive and quickly runs into the stumbling block of how to pay for it. Its wide appeal is checked by equally widespread aversion to taxes, especially for the purpose of redistributing income. Fortunately, though, there's another way to pay for it: universal income can come from universal assets, a.k.a. our common wealth.
The wealth we inherit and create together is worth trillions of dollars, yet we presently derive almost no income from it. Our joint inheritance includes invaluable gifts of nature such as our atmosphere, minerals and fresh water, and socially created assets such as our legal and financial infrastructure, without which private corporations couldn't exist, much less thrive. If our common assets were better managed, they could pay every American, including children, several hundred dollars a month.
Consider, for example, the limited capacity of our atmosphere to absorb pollutants that cause climate change. By charging polluters for using that scarce asset, we can both protect our climate and generate dividends for everyone. Other forms of pollution could be similarly priced. And we could charge market prices for extracting resources like minerals and timber from public lands that are now leased to private firms cheaply in sweetheart deals. Making polluters and extractors pay, without abandoning regulation, would provide market-based incentives to respect nature.
That's not all. Universal assets include gifts of society as well as nature. An example is the legal and financial infrastructure that underpins our economy, an infrastructure without which the private fortunes of billionaires would be impossible.
Here's what investor Warren Buffett once said to Barack Obama: “I was lucky enough to be born in a time and place where society values my talent, and gave me a good educa­tion to develop that talent, and set up the laws and the financial system to let me do what I love doing — and make a lot of money doing it.” When asked how much of his wealth was created by society, Buffett says “a very significant percentage.” Nobel econ­omist Herbert Simon was somewhat more precise. “If we're very generous with ourselves, I suppose we might claim we ‘earned' as much as one-fifth of our income. The rest is patrimony associated with being a member of an enormously productive social system.”
Currently, those who benefit most from socially built assets pay almost nothing to use them. But that needn't always be the case. We could charge fees for using key compo­nents of our legal and financial infrastructure; for example, modest transaction fees on trades of stocks, bonds and derivatives could generate more than $300 billion per year. Such fees would not only generate in­come for everyone; they'd discourage speculation and help stabilize our financial system. Similar fees could be applied to patent and royalty earnings, which are returns not only to inno­va­tion but also to monopoly rights granted by society.
Here's the bottom line. It would not be difficult to create a portfolio of universal assets that could pay, say, $200 a month to every U.S. resident with a valid Social Security number. Such money could be wired automatically to everyone's bank accounts or debit cards, with virtually no administrative bureaucracy. It would be paid to everyone as joint owners of our universal assets; it would be paid by those who use these assets in proportion to their use. These payments would not be a tax accruing to the government, but rather payments to owners – all of us – for the value generated by our assets.
If everyone receives regular income from common assets, will anyone have an incentive to work? Unless the asset-based income were improbably high, most people would still want to work to earn better livelihoods. Sure, some people might be freed from the need to do work they really hate, but that's a good thing. Others might be freed to do work they really love, even if it doesn't pay all that much. That's a good thing, too.
In the game Monopoly, $200 is the amount every player gets for passing Go. Such cash infusions aren't bad for the game; instead they help all players to compete. The same will happen in the economy if all Americans get infusions of $200 a month. The extra money would relieve some burdens of working families and heighten life chances for success and satisfac­tion. And it would stimulate our economy without higher debt.
The gifts of nature and society will not come to us as gifts from our political leaders; we will win rights to universal basic assets only if we join together to claim them. Fittingly, we have to earn them by using another asset that Americans won the same way: our democracy.
Triple Crisis welcomes your comments. Please share your thoughts below.
Triple Crisis is published by
ANAHEIM, Calif. -- When coach Russell Turner crossed the continents to recruit English guard Luke Nelson to get him to become an integral part of what he was building at UC Irvine, he said all the right things.
The Anteaters had never advanced to the NCAA tournament in the first 38 years of the school's basketball program, but Nelson and his teammates made it happen Saturday night with a 67-58 victory over Hawaii in the Big West championship game.
"That was one of the things that really drew me to coming here, the fact that I could be a part of school history and doing something special at Irvine that no other team has done here before," said Nelson, who led the way with 17 points. "I came here with that as my goal. That was something that Coach pushed to me. We came close to it last year, my freshman year."
The Anteaters (21-12) lost all four previous times they went to the Big West title game (1988, 1994, 2008 and 2013). They were the top seed in the tournament last year, but lost in the semifinals to Cal Poly. This long-awaited moment was equally satisfying for freshmen Will Davis II and Travis Souza, who were high school teammates in New Hampshire for a year after playing summer ball together for two years.
"It's kind of hard to describe the feeling. It's unbelievable," Souza said. "We knew how hard we've worked over the last four years here, and Luke for the last two. And knowing we're the first team here to do it ... I mean, we went to the finals two years ago and lost. So we knew what that heartbreak felt like. And knowing the other side of it now, it's a phenomenal feeling."
Davis, the tournament MVP, had 10 points and 10 rebounds for his third straight double-double.
"This was my last chance, so I felt like this was the year we had to make it because there was no other option," he said. "We came out and played our hearts out every night, and tonight we ended up victorious."
Irvine made six of eight free throws in the final 51 seconds before Davis II put the punctuation mark on it with a tomahawk dunk with 6.6 seconds to go.
Aaron Valdes scored 17 points for Hawaii (22-12), 14 of them in the first half to pace the Rainbow Warriors to a 33-29 lead at intermission.
Valdes' layup in the final minute of the opening half came after Alex Young's 3-pointer capped an 11-2 run that sliced Irvine's 11-point deficit to 31-29 with 1:04 left on the clock.
The Anteaters tied the score four times during the first 7:34 of the second half, but didn't take their first lead of the game until Ioannis Dimakopoulos made a short hook shot over Stefan Jovanovic in the lane to put Irvine ahead 41-39 with 11:02 remaining.
Hawaii's Roderick Bobbitt, the Big West defensive player of the year, stole the ball from Nelson near midcourt and drove the rest of the way for a layup that tied the score at 43 with 9 minutes left. It was Bobbitt's 100th steal of the season, making him the fourth player in Big West history to accomplish the feat.
The Anteaters and Rainbow Warriors combined for 10 3-pointers in the first half, but neither team made one in the second half until Valdes connected from the left elbow to trim Irvine's lead to 52-50 with 3:03 to play. Nelson and Hawaii's Garrett Nevels then traded 3-pointers 17 seconds apart, leaving the Anteaters ahead 59-55 with 1:05 left.
But that was as close as Hawaii got. The Warriors didn't make a field goal the rest of the way.
"These guys have been through a lot, and we made it a nice year," Hawaii coach Benjy Taylor said. "We're disappointed about tonight, but we won't be broken by this. We've got a lot of young guys and we'll get better. We'll bounce back. I'm confident of that. It just hurts right now."
TIP-INS
Hawaii: The women's team lost its championship game to Cal State Northridge, 67-60. Only two schools in Big West tournament history have won the men's and women's bracket in the same year -- UC Santa Barbara (2002) and UNLV (1985, 1986 and 1990). ... This is the fourth straight year that a Big West school got its women's and men's teams into the finals. Last season, it was Northridge and Cal Poly. In 2013 it was Pacific, and in 2012 it was UC Santa Barbara and Long Beach State. ... Hawaii got to the title game with a 65-58 upset of top-seeded UC Davis.
UC Irvine: The only other time the Anteaters faced Hawaii in this tournament was 2013, when they won 71-60 in the quarterfinals. ... Irvine got to the title game with a 72-63 overtime victory over UC Santa Barbara, which gave it three consecutive 20-win seasons and eight in the program's 50-year history. ... The Anteaters also won both regular-season meetings against Hawaii, 78-72 on Jan. 24 at home, and 75-60 on Feb. 19 at Irvine. ... Irvine leads the all-time series 9-5.
KARACHI: A sessions court sentenced on Wednesday a man to 10 years in prison in a rape case.
Mohammed Adil was found guilty of sexually assaulting his teenage niece in Nov 2013 at his house within the jurisdiction of the Sharea Faisal police station.
Additional District and Sessions Judge (east) Inam Ali Kalhoro also imposed a fine of Rs 20,000 and in case of default the convict would have to undergo an additional two-month imprisonment.
The court ruled that the victim testified against the accused, her testimony was corroborated by documentary evidence, including the report of a DNA test, and the case stood proved against him beyond a shadow of a doubt.
According to the prosecution, the victim's mother remarried after the death of her first husband, the father of the victim girl who started living with her maternal grandparents.
However, her uncle repeatedly raped her and when the victim informed her mother she asked her to stay silent, it added.
It said that the victim got pregnant and finally a case was registered a few months before she gave birth to a boy.
During the trial, the accused rejected all charges and the court ordered a DNA test, which revealed that the accused was the biological father of the child, it concluded.
A case was registered under Sections 376 (punishment for rape) and 34 (common intention) of the Pakistan Penal Code on the complaint of the victim.
The accused was in custody and after the pronouncement of the verdict, the court remanded him back in prison to serve out the sentence.
The court acquitted the victim's mother, a co-accused in the case, for lack of evidence.
Published in Dawn, March 10th, 2016
WASHINGTON—Saying their rosy attitude about the state of the election was not helping anything given what is currently transpiring, sources confirmed Tuesday night that the nation's optimists need to seriously shut the fuck up as soon as humanly fucking possible. “Sure, things may look bad right now, but even if the worst happens, it's only four years we're talking about here,” said Santa Fe, NM resident Pete Mirenge, one of hundreds of thousands of positive thinkers across the nation who would do everyone a huge goddamn favor by closing their fucking traps right this fucking second and keeping them sealed for the foreseeable future. “This is exactly why we have a system of checks and balances—to ensure that whatever happens in the election, the executive branch never gets too much power. Think about it: Has any president been able to carry out their platform to the letter? No. Nothing's ever as bad as it seems, believe me.” According to sources, a calm and composed Mirenge—who reportedly has about five seconds before his mouth is shut for him—then added that the country's been through much worse and everything turned out okay.
Ken Rodriguez is a San Antonio native who covered his first Spurs game in 1981 for The Daily Texan, the University of Texas student newspaper. He spent 26 years in the newspaper business -- 21 of them covering sports -- before joining the marketing department at Our Lady of the Lake University in 2009. His Spurs.com column will appear every Wednesday.
>> Read more Ken Rodriguez Articles | Contact Ken
David Liam Kyle/NBAE/Getty Images David Liam Kyle/NBAE/Getty Images
Patty Mills does not remember when he first heard the story of his mother's kidnapping. He does not remember when he learned about the government that snatched her from her family at age 2, or the welfare officer who checked her for lice, or the school that forced her to take intelligence tests -- all because her skin was dark.
All he remembers is that when people talked about The Stolen Generation in Australia, he didn't need a textbook or a teacher to explain the horrifying details. He had a mother at home who not only lived through it but devoted her life to improving the lives of Aboriginals like her.
"I'm very proud of my mother," Mills was saying after a recent Spurs practice. "Just the way you see her helping others is very warming."
The story of Yvonne Mills -- Patty's mother -- is one of heartbreak and heroism, one that shaped and inspired her son and propelled him to the NBA as only the second player in league history of Aboriginal descent.
Yvonne and her husband Benny Mills are Indigenous Australians, whose ancestors were original inhabitants of the continent. Indigenous peoples represent less than three percent of the population. Their health is poorer, their incomes lower, their life expectancies shorter. They are less educated and face more discrimination.
To understand the historical attitude toward Indigenous Australians, consider the official census. Aboriginals were not counted until 1971. The Torres Strait Islanders -- just north of the mainland -- weren't counted until then, either. Benny, Patty's father, is a Torres Strait Islander.
Benny and Yvonne met while working for the government to improve conditions for Indigenous Australians. They married and started a basketball club -- "Shadows" -- for Indigenous peoples. Their only child began playing for Shadows at age 4. Young Patty grew up with Aboriginals and Torres Strait Islanders at the club, and with non-Indigenous youth at school. His cultural experiences and ancestral roots make Patty Mills like no other Spur in history.
"I'm still learning how important and special my family really is," he says.
One uncle, Danny Morseau, was the first Aboriginal basketball player to represent Australia at the Olympics, first in 1980 and again in 1984. Benny and Yvonne both played hoops in their youth and taught Patty the game. "I like to say I got all my moves from my mom," Patty says, "and my dad just fine-tuned them."
Patty became a star player with Shadows and drew inspiration from Uncle Danny. "I looked up to him," Patty says.
Before long, children began looking up to Patty. Despite his smallish 6-foot-0 frame, he dazzled with speed, deft passing and scoring. He attended the prestigious Australian Institute of Sport with Nate Jawal, the NBA's first Aboriginal player, before taking his game to St. Mary's College in California.
In his fourth outing, Patty dropped 37 points on No. 11 Oregon, a St. Mary's freshman record. His performance prompted Ducks coach Ernie Kent to compare Mills to Tony Parker. "If he plays that way every night," Kent told reporters after the game, "he's a pro."
Five years later, Patty is playing with Parker and can hardly believe his good fortune. Patty spent two years as a backup in Portland (scoring 23 points in the final regular season game of 2011), and played overseas during the NBA lockout until the Xinjiang Flying Tigers released him in January.
"It feels great to be part of a team after sitting out for the last few months," he says. "But to be part of a great organization with great people around you makes it even better."
Yvonne never imagined her son would play pro basketball on the other side of the world. Not when she grew up in a world of oppression and humiliation. The Stolen Generation aptly describes her youth. Yvonne's four siblings were also removed from their birth parents.
"Young Aboriginal kids were taken from their family and put into what they called a missionary that was run by the Catholic church along with the Australian government," Patty says. "They were put into the missionary to learn what they called the 'white ways' of growing up. For example, they weren't allowed to talk in their native tongue. They weren't allowed to act in a native way. They were forced to grow up in another way from who they are. And they were separated from their family basically their whole life."
Yvonne was told her mother didn't want her. The truth is her mother begged the government for her daughter back. Years later, Yvonne, her siblings and her mother reunited. She could not recover the lost time but she did what she could. Yvonne became a strong advocate for Indigenous Australians, officially invisible to the government until 1971.
The club name "Shadows" fits. Yvonne and Benny took in neglected youth, gave them a ball, a game and a place to belong and watched the kids grow. From the cradle of that club, Patty Mills grew and grew until he became one of "Shadows" the brightest lights.
PERHAPS THE MOST impressive aspect of Japan's win over South Africa on Saturday was the fact that Eddie Jones' side played a high-tempo, attractive style of rugby.
Japan celebrates an unforgettable win. Source: PA Wire/PA Images
We've almost become used to shock victories being about the underdogs negating the strengths of the favourites, spoiling their attacking plans and then taking chances from the tee and generally keeping things tight.
While there were elements of that in Brighton, the Japanese victory was built on an intelligent, probing game plan that allowed Jones' players to show off their attacking quality.
The 69th-minute try from fullback Ayumu Goromaru, which he converted himself to bring the game to 29-29, was a particular highlight of the first weekend of the World Cup, a stunning set-piece effort from Japan.
Source: World Rugby
It takes just 20 second from start to finish, but the score highlights several of the best attributes involved in Japan's excellent performance: a strong set-piece foundation, excellent skills under pressure and an ability to make good decisions on the ball.
The Japanese display at scrum and lineout was nothing short of astonishing. We had been aware that former France hooker Marc dal Maso had improved the scrum immeasurably, but a 100% return against the Boks was exceptional.
Ex-England lock Steve Borthwick, meanwhile, has built a simple, clever and effective lineout platform, one which provided clean ball for the backline in this example.
Source: World Rugby
It's a straightforward seven-man set-up from Japan, a full lineout, but typically they use a smart bit of movement on the ground pre-throw to give themselves the opportunity to make a clean catch.
As we see above and below, Shinya Makabe (19) is the key man in the dummy movement, as he shifts from a lifting position behind Michael Leitch at the front all the way to the Japan's pod at the rear of the lineout.
Source: World Rugby
That causes the great Victor Matfield to track the movement initially, following Makabe for two steps before he realises that Amanaki Lelei Mafi is coming towards the front of the lineout with Luke Thompson.
As Makabe steps around Mafi and Thompson on his way to the back of the lineout, Matfield identifies the decoy and immediately turns back to get into the air for Shota Horie's throw.
Source: World Rugby
Just too late. As we see above, Thompson is already in the air as Matfield plants on the ground, only inches ahead of him but it makes all the difference as the wonderful Horie releases his throw.
Thompson gets a strong lift from Mafi and Leitch, such an important aspect of the set-piece, and wins the ball just over the despairing left arm of Matfield. Off the top, the ball lands perfectly into the hands of replacement scrum-half Atsushi Hiwasa and the next part of the attacking is launched.
The quality of the pass from Hiwasa is important – himself and man of the match Fumiaki Tanaki were brilliant at scrum-half – and it means first receiver Harumichi Tatekawa doesn't have to check his run in the slightest.
Source: World Rugby
The shape from Japan in midfield is excellent, with Tatekawa (12) arriving as first receiver with outside centre Male Sau (13) running a hard line on his outside shoulder, and out-half Kōsei Ono (10) fading out the back of Tatekawa.
Left wing Kotaro Matsushima (11) is also showing at the rear of the formation, running a trailing line close to Ono that will be coming hugely important within a split second.
Source: World Rugby
Tatekawa is the passing hub around which the starter play revolves, but his first duty is to actually carry the ball to the line and tie down a defender. We see above how he does so ideally, drawing Handré Pollard into the tackle and then releasing the ball just as the South African out-half initiates the contact.
Outside Pollard is where the real trouble lies for South Africa, as inside centre Jean de Villiers completely loses track of Matsushima trailing inside Ono.
We get a better view of it on the angle below, as de Villiers drifts across onto Ono, completely ignoring the presence of Matsushima and opening a big hole for the left wing to run into.
Source: World Rugby
De Villiers actually does well not to be checked by the decoy run of Sau initially, but once he does get past the Japan 13, that's where the problem lies.
Outside de Villiers, Jesse Kriel has made a good read of the situation and stepped in on Ono, but that simply means South Africa have two defenders on one player and none on Matsushima.
Source: World Rugby
Most teams will operate under the policy that one defender biting in, as Kriel does here, means all the men inside him do the same, but the pace and accuracy of Japan's attack means de Villiers has little time to react, his despairing lunge missing Matsushima.
The former Munster man would have hoped and possibly expected defenders inside him to get a scrag tackle in on Matsushima, but again the excellence of the Japanese play means there's no one in position to do so.
We've already mentioned how Tatekawa takes Pollard out of play, but outside centre Sau is just as important.
Source: World Rugby
We've highlighted him ahead of the ball above, just after de Villiers has bypassed Sau's decoy run. The Japan centre is eager to have some effect on the Springbok defence, however, and gets the slightest nudge on Coenie Oosthuizen to do so.
Oosthuizen has come from the very tail of South Africa's lineout to cover across, and though it's really Matsushima's pace that takes him past the prop, the tiniest bit of contact from Sau slows his stride for a split second and leaves him short of the tackle.
Springbok scrum-half Fourie du Preez might feel he too could have done more to halt Matsushima.
Source: World Rugby
Du Preez is the ‘tailgunner' for South Africa here, the defender who starts in the defensive receiver position just behind the lineout and is tasked with getting across into the defensive line rapidly.
Let's watch his movement again below.
Source: World Rugby
The power in Hiwasa's pass means du Preez is realistically not going to get to first receiver Tatekawa, so his job instantly becomes a sweeping one, covering in behind the line in case of breaks.
However, du Preez eases off the pace, failing to identify the threat to South Africa's midfield defence. Oosthuizen actually bursts past du Preez as he does recognise the threat. Du Preez is nowhere near Matsushima when he powers through after Ono's brilliant and deft inside pass.
We have to focus on the quality of the attack here, of course. Everything that goes wrong for the Boks is down to the quality of Japan's play, the sheer pace and accuracy with which they come forward.
Source: World Rugby
The composure of Matsushima when busts the line is impressive, as it was so often generally in the Japanese performance. Getting through the line can be heady stuff in international rugby, but Japan's wing keeps his cool, scoots around Oosthuizen and draws South Africa fullback Zane Kirchner up to make the tackle.
The pass out in front of Goromaru allows the fullback an easy finish, with a man to spare on the outside in Akihito Yamada.
Kriel's decision to bite in on Ono draws South Africa left wing Lwazi Mvovo into doing the same on Goromaru, but it also leaves him in a weak position when Matsushima breaks.
Source: World Rugby
Mvovo has to turn, while Goromaru can simply continue his forward run in full stride. The South Africa wing might ask himself if he could have made some sort of interfering move across Goromaru, but thankfully he stays legal and Japan finish with aplomb.
It's a remarkable score from start to finish from Eddie Jones' side. Wonderfully planned, clearly trained with rigour and featuring the clever set-piece simplicity, high skill level, intelligent midfield movement and clincial edge that drove Japan's performance.
Their winning try at the very death contained all those elements too, as well as truly incredible grit and bravery.
Here's to plenty more of the same.
Trample is kind of a pain. Its a set of rules where the ‘obvious' play doesn't interact well with the physical representation of the game. Remembering to trample over isn't a skill we're interested in testing, but we don't want to see that damage resurface out of nowhere after strategic decisions may have been made involving the current life totals.
People ask why we don't have a defined shortcut, especially since we used to, but that misses the point of why we have predefined shortcuts generally. The predefined ones are there to prevent the player controlling the current flow from using ambiguous communication that they can then later exploit. The old trample shortcut was “you do the minimum damage to everything and keep going”. Why was that? Consider:
I attack with a 5/5 trampler
I block your 5/5 trampler with this 2/2.
Damage on the stack?
Sure. I'll Giant Growth this guy.
OK. I'm dealing all 5 damage to the creature.
See the sneakiness here? The defender assumed the damage was happening 2-3 and acted accordingly. The attacker got to benefit from not being clear and had incentive to try it again some other time (and they certainly did). The shortcut put an end to that.
Then M10 came along and, along with all the other rule cleanups, made the shortcut pointless. Run the above scenario again without damage on the stack and you'll quickly see that without a gap between damage assignment and damage resolution, there's nothing left to exploit. That's certainly a win for the new rules. So, eventually (since nothing moves that fast in policyland), we got rid of it.
So, what does that mean for when we get called to a table because of a life total dispute arising from someone remembering trample? Honestly, any kind of rule would be pretty terrible. You can't default to “player sops up excess”, because then you run into situations someone realizes that they forgot trample a turn later and the other guy has done something that makes them now dead. You don't want to codify maximizing damage, because someone will inevitably claim that you did all 5 damage to the first of the 5 1/1s blocking, because you failed to say anything else. So, we do the only thing possible: default to what actually changed in the game. How many creatures went to the graveyard? Did they say anything like “and you take two” within a reasonable time frame? Did life total get written and acknowledged – a requirement that was partly inspired by trample? This makes everything work well in the context of the game – the net effect is almost always “creatures die, opponent takes damage if it gets pointed out” – even though a player will occasionally forget some damage and be upset a little later that they didn't get it. Ultimately, it's the responsibility of the person controlling the trampler to be clear, and that's where we want the incentives.
Story highlights Copies of the passport have been sent to China and Turkey
Yusufu Meerailee spoke Turkish during his police interrogation
Thai police believe he gave explosives to the bomber near the rail station
(CNN) Thai police have said one of the suspects in custody over last month's deadly shrine bombing in Bangkok has a Chinese passport and that he's from the country's Xinjiang region.
Yusufu Meerailee was arrested last week trying to flee across the Thai border into Cambodia -- he has since confessed to carrying a rucksack that contained the bomb that killed 20 people at the Erawan Shrine. He said he exchanged the rucksack with a man caught on CCTV wearing a yellow t-shirt shortly before the attack.
Authorities revealed that he spoke Turkish, English and Arabic, with the interrogation conducted through a translator.
National Police spokesman Prawut Thavonsiri said Thursday that they've sent copies of the passport to both Turkey and China, as they check the document's authenticity.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei told reporters at a daily press briefing Thursday that "China is following the investigation of this case and has been in close contact with Thai authorities. I want to emphasize that anyone who has committed such a heinous crime is bound to face severe punishment. China will continue to strengthen cooperation with relevant sides on law enforcement and security matters."
Read More
The Obama State Department ordered the deletion of terrorist watchlists that may have prevented the Orlando and San Bernardino terror attacks, according to a Department of Homeland Security whistleblower.
Former Department of Homeland Security officer Philip Haney said he was ordered to delete hundreds of records he had compiled on various Muslim individuals and organizations with ties to terrorist groups, and he believes the information in those records could have prevented the Orlando and San Bernardino attacks.
In the video below, Haney is asked, ‘You did your job and other people did their jobs, and in comes the Obama administration and they wipe out all the work that could have potentially saved the lives of Americans?'
‘Yes it's a fair statement,' Haney said.
https://youtu.be/3sVFsoNL99g?t=8m23s
Phillip Haney went into more detail at thehill.com, exposing the Obama State Department's order to scrub the terrorist watchlist records:
Amid the chaos of the 2009 holiday travel season, jihadists planned to slaughter 290 innocent travelers on a Christmas Day flight from the Netherlands to Detroit, Michigan. Twenty-three-year old Nigerian Muslim Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab intended to detonate Northwest Airlines Flight 253, but the explosives in his underwear malfunctioned and brave passengers subdued him until he could be arrested. The graphic and traumatic defeat they planned for the United States failed, that time.
Following the attempted attack, President Obama threw the intelligence community under the bus for its failure to “connect the dots.” He said, “this was not a failure to collect intelligence, it was a failure to integrate and understand the intelligence that we already had.”
Most Americans were unaware of the enormous damage to morale at the Department of Homeland Security, where I worked, his condemnation caused. His words infuriated many of us because we knew his administration had been engaged in a bureaucratic effort to destroy the raw material—the actual intelligence we had collected for years, and erase those dots. The dots constitute the intelligence needed to keep Americans safe, and the Obama administration was ordering they be wiped away.
After leaving my 15 year career at DHS, I can no longer be silent about the dangerous state of America's counter-terror strategy, our leaders' willingness to compromise the security of citizens for the ideological rigidity of political correctness—and, consequently, our vulnerability to devastating, mass-casualty attack.
Just before that Christmas Day attack, in early November 2009, I was ordered by my superiors at the Department of Homeland Security to delete or modify several hundred records of individuals tied to designated Islamist terror groups like Hamas from the important federal database, the Treasury Enforcement Communications System (TECS). These types of records are the basis for any ability to “connect dots.” Every day, DHS Customs and Border Protection officers watch entering and exiting many individuals associated with known terrorist affiliations, then look for patterns. Enforcing a political scrubbing of records of Muslims greatly affected our ability to do that. Even worse, going forward, my colleagues and I were prohibited from entering pertinent information into the database.
A few weeks later, in my office at the Port of Atlanta, the television hummed with the inevitable Congressional hearings that follow any terrorist attack. While members of Congress grilled Obama administration officials, demanding why their subordinates were still failing to understand the intelligence they had gathered, I was being forced to delete and scrub the records. And I was well aware that, as a result, it was going to be vastly more difficult to “connect the dots” in the future—especially before an attack occurs.
As the number of successful and attempted Islamic terrorist attacks on America increased, the type of information that the Obama administration ordered removed from travel and national security databases was the kind of information that, if properly assessed, could have prevented subsequent domestic Islamist attacks like the ones committed by Faisal Shahzad (May 2010), Detroit “honor killing” perpetrator Rahim A. Alfetlawi (2011); Amine El Khalifi, who plotted to blow up the U.S. Capitol (2012); Dzhokhar or Tamerlan Tsarnaev who conducted the Boston Marathon bombing (2013); Oklahoma beheading suspect Alton Nolen (2014); or Muhammed Yusuf Abdulazeez, who opened fire on two military installations in Chattanooga, Tennessee (2015).
It is very plausible that one or more of the subsequent terror attacks on the homeland could have been prevented if more subject-matter experts in the Department of Homeland Security had been allowed to do our jobs back in late 2009. It is demoralizing—and infuriating—that today, those elusive dots are even harder to find, and harder to connect, than they were during the winter of 2009.
Lots going on here but most of it is resolving. I've been fixing up my house to sell and it closed this week which was super stressful. The most difficult thing in terms of training is that a couple weeks ago I got a filling for a cavity (my first filling, actually!) After I regained feeling in my face I was having intense throbbing pain pretty much all the time for days. Went back to the dentist, they said that it was a deep filling and it was possible that the nerve was dying but they wanted to give it time.
As a consequence I'm taking a shocking amount of Ibuprofen and still in pain a lot of the time and it looks like I'm on a one-way ride to Rootcanalville. The good news is that being in this kind of pain for this amount of time makes a root canal seem like no big deal at all.
I'm also still dealing with cramping in my right calf, we can't figure out how to fix it and it's becoming a bit demoralizing – if I'm going to finish this IM under the cut-offs I don't have time to stop and stretch every few minutes, or to run and walk more slowly than I'm capable of. We are currently trying magnesium supplementation and sleeping in boot things that force my feet to be flexed in addition to all the stretching, foam rolling, PT, massage, and compression sleeves Cross your fingers for me that this works:
This week's workouts:
4/24/17 – Long Swim
Couldn't get my tooth to stop hurting and every time I breathed or got some cold water in my mouth I would have super intense pain. I did not finish the workout.
4/25/17 – Run – Sprints
I always run these in the exact same place so that I can have an apples to apples comparison of progress. Today there was a decent headwind and so I ran my sprints directly into it. Despite the cramping I exceeded all my time goals and felt good about this run.
4/26/17 – Bike – Long Intervals
It is surprisingly difficult to get a bolt for my bike seat – the manufacturer still hasn't shipped it to my bike shop, so we finally found one on Amazon. It arrived today, so I'll get it fixed tomorrow. For now I'm on the dreaded ass-numbing machines that are the spin bikes at my gym. Workout completed!
4/27/17 – Mid-Distance Run
Because of various scheduling issues I had to do this in the morning instead of at night. There are several downsides of daytime. First, it's hot. Heat is not my friend when it comes to speed on the run (it doesn't seem to affect my bike speed very much but it definitely affects my run speed, and my basic will to keep moving forward at all.)
Second, because I live in Southern California it's almost guaranteed to be sunny, and I'm a Buffy-catch-fire-in-the-sun vampire, not a Twilight-sparkle-like-diamonds-in-the-sun vampire. Also, during the day there are lots of adorable dogs that would otherwise be pet-able, but not during a run since spending 10 minutes every mile petting adorable dogs would be, while delightful, a sure way to end up with Steve yelling at me.
Finally, during the day there are people out. People who, despite my wearing a hat, huge sunglasses, and big ass headphones , think it's a good idea to talk to me, often in ways that assume that I am trying to lose weight. This is annoying on its face, but what makes it worse is that, for the same reason I can't stop to pet cute dogs, I also can't stop to educate these people (and you can't see my well-practiced, practically patented “WTF face” very well behind the glasses) so I just yell something like “Who's trying to lose weight?” or “My body is perfect” and keep going.
I definitely struggled with the heat in this run. At least one good thing about being super slow is that the majority of my IM marathon will take place at night when it's significantly cooler!
4/28/17 – Day Off!!!
4/29/17 – Double Long Run Day
This day has a shorter long run and a longer long run. Last week we did the longer one first, today he wanted to try to do the shorter one first. I'm not going to lie, I'm not a fan of these double runs – they are incredibly tough mentally and they seriously take up the whole day (or two days if you count the time I spend stressing about it on my day off.) But if they'll help me finish the IM I'll do them without (much) complaint.
Run 1: Again because of scheduling issues I ended up doing the first run at literally the hottest time of day. A friend of mine who is a Bikram Yoga (ie: “hot yoga”) enthusiast once told me that the mistake students make in their first class is that they focus on doing really good yoga when what they should focus on is just trying to survive the heat and humidity. As I ran, realizing that I was doing exactly what every weatherman/woman tells people not to do during the hot months, I adopted my friend's first day of Bikram approach to this run and survived it. Not my fastest but not as slow as it could have been. I'm also changing my answer for “What one superpower do you wish you had” from flying to heat tolerance.
Run 2: Captain Obvious says – Sunburn hurts. Not sure what went wrong with my sunscreen during the first run, but it went wrong. It was definitely better running in the cool sunless night air, but the afternoon run took more out of me than I thought it would and I was dead ass tired from the beginning. At least it was dark and, after the first couple hours of dodging partying people it was my empty beach again.
4/30/17 Drag Queens and Spin Bikes
For Julianne's birthday one of her clients got us passes to Drag Con and today was the day. I was sore from the run so hours on concrete wasn't that appealing, but the idea of Drag Con was (I've loved to drag culture since college, we named our dog after our favorite three drag queens.) I got to meet my favorite drag queen – Latrisse Royale – and it was all worth it!
The spin bike workout was just a straight recovery ride, sadly no drag queens were involved.
Here are this week's Selfies:
http://cosmos.bcst.yahoo.com/up/fop/embedflv/swf/fop_wrapper.swf?id=12915919&autoStart=0&prepanelEnable=1&infopanelEnable=1&carouselEnable=0
Undoubtedly Tesla isn't going to be happy about this video getting attention, but I think it's awesome to see CEO Elon Musk take a stand against the company's many detractors. Last November New York Times writer Randall Stross trashed Tesla as a rich man's car that the government should shun. “Only the Rich Can Afford It. Should Taxpayers Back It?” he wrote.
Later, the article was much edited after well deserved criticism. Stross also corrected errors suggesting that Tesla's loan requests were for the $109,000 Roadster, when in fact they were to be used for the $50,000 Model S, their most recent and much more affordable all-electric car.
That rewriting, though, apparently hasn't appeased Musk. In an interview last week (video above) with Yahoo TechTicker, Musk calls Stross a “huge douchebag…and an idiot” (skip to the 40 second mark) and says “What is he doing picking on an electric car company? Why would he pick on the little guy who is trying to do good when you've got egregious waste of money in the tens of billions occurring in Detroit?”
Musk also points out that Tesla investors only make money if the loan is repaid, and that Tesla has applied for just 1.5% of the $25 billion appropriation.
Nicely done, Mr. Musk. I'm definitely going to buy one of your cars.
Self-styled spiritual guru Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh convicted of rape was sentenced to 10 year in jail in Rohtak Monday, with authorities ramping up security amid fears of fresh violence days after protests over his guilty verdict left 36 dead.
Singh's conviction has led to newspaper editorials and social media debate on why people have cult-like faith in godmen accused of rape and sexual harassment. Here is a look at some “godmen” who have been charged with sexual assault.
Asaram Bapu
The 76-year-old, white-bearded guru preaches chastity and worshipping one's parents. The guru who once declared that Valentine's Day was a form of western cultural invasion in India was arrested in 2013 after a teenage devotee accused him of raping her at a religious retreat. Another female follower later also accused him of rape, according to an AFP profile.
He has been in jail since 2013 on charges of rape and criminal I intimidation. His son Narayan Sai, who was a senior functionary in his spiritual empire, is also in prison on rape charges.
Yet the guru continues to inspire devotion and thousands of supporters flock to court when he appears for hearings.
He may be in more trouble still after several local newspapers reported on the mysterious killings of three witnesses in the criminal cases he faces.
Narayan Sai
Asaram's son Narayan Sai is in jail for allegedly raping a Surat-based woman disciple of his father between 2002 and 2005. She was allegedly raped when she was living at Asaram's ashram in Surat. Sai, 40, is also accused of having physical relations with eight other girls.
Gangananda Theerthapatha
Theerthapatha, a self-styled godman of an ashram in Kollam, was allegedly sexually exploiting a law student for five years on the pretext of conducting pooja (rituals). The woman took revenge on him by chopping off his penis, says this report in May. Theerthapatha allegedly exploited the woman for five years during visits to her family's home in Thiruvananthapuram. Theerthapatha says he cut off his own penis as penance.
Mehndi Kasim
A Mumbai court in April 2016 convicted the 43-year-old self-styled godman for raping seven girls and sentenced him to life imprisonment. Kasim knew four sisters who had mentally challenged sons and healthy daughters. He promised to cure the boys and asked their mothers to send to him their daughters to him as well for ‘treatment' that would ensure they don't give birth to mentally challenged children.
Santhosh Madhavan, alias Swami Amritha Chaitanya
A Kerala court in May 2009 found Madhavan guilty of raping three minor girls. He lured the minor girls hailing from poor families, confined them and assaulted them. He was sentenced to 16 years of rigorous imprisonment and a penalty of Rs 2,10,000 in 2009. Madhavan is also accused of cheating a Dubai-based Indian woman of Rs. 40 lakh.
Swami Premananda
Premananda left war-ravaged Sri Lanka and moved to India in 1984 to set up an ashram in Tiruchirappalli. But in 1994, a young girl from the ashram alleged that she was pregnant after being raped by Premanand. In August 1997, Premananda and six of his accomplices were convicted of raping 13 minor girls.
Gnyanachaitanya
He spent 14 years in jail for three murders. After his release, he met a British family and convinced them that their daughter was his ‘wife' in a previous birth. He then sexually abused and tortured the woman years. After she escaped and complained to her parents and the police, Gnyanachaitanya was arrested again.
First Published: Aug 28, 2017 14:20 IST
THE BRAIN ON THE
SISTINE CHAPEL CEILING
At one time or another most of us have seen Michelangelo's "Creation of Man" panel from the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel. When Michelangelo painted the chapel ceiling in 1512 he actually never named the various panels, instead, we of the so-called modern age, have given them names. Dr. Frank Lynn Meshberger of St. John's Medical Center in Anderson, Indiana believes that the famous "creation" panel contains an image that has been misunderstood for 487 years--a brain that symbolizes God bestowing intellect on man. Over the previous half millennium scholars have interpreted the painting to mean God bestowed life on man. Dr. Meshberger however notes Adam's open eyes and believes this suggests that he's already alive. Dr. Meshberger researched Michelangelo's private life and found that the artist had deep religious beliefs and used to dissect cadavers to study the human form for his art. The following drawing illustrate how Dr. Meshberger identifies many of the brain's structures inthe image of God's swirling cloak and the surrounding angels.
DRAWING OF THE HUMAN BRAIN
MICHAELANGELO'S FRESCO WITH OVERLAY BY DR. MESHBERGER
NOTE TO APEH STUDENTS:
On the first day of class we expressed the concept that throughout this course there would be no right or wrong, only that which you could prove or not prove. Now that you have written the Renaissance Essay consider your views in light of this "new" evidence. In writing your essay, how much did you use your intellect. did you simply take the safe traditional route or did you really think before you wrote?
When your component first mounts, it calls ComponentDidMount and initializes the peopleArray . This is only done once and thus this array is being mutated every time you receive updates from Firebase. With your current implementation, you are mutating the state as the reference to peopleArray is being held in state as a pointer, and not by value. React does not do deep comparisons when it checks to see if something has changed in the state tree, it does object comparisons. This is why you never want to mutate your state, always create new objects when setting state. This goes for redux as well.
A super quick fix would be to move the line let peopleArray = [] into the firebase onValue handler, so that a new array is created every time you get an update. Also, with the current implementation you are going to keep appending your Firebase values onto the same array, so you may get duplicates. The fix I mentioned will take care of that as well.
Here is your final CDM:
Wes Payne and Troy Winters | CUPE Communications and Health & Safety
30 years after CUPE's national health and safety committee first proposed the Day of Mourning, workers are seeing some significant setbacks.
The most blatant assault is happening in the federal sector. As reported in the last issue of Canary, omnibus budget Bill C-4 recently passed by the Harper government – reduced workers protections and changed the definition of danger to make refusing dangerous work confusing for workers.
CUPE has heard reports of employers telling workers that they no longer have the right to refuse as a result of the new legislation. This is both factually wrong and dangerous. All workers, regardless of their jurisdiction, still have the right to refuse dangerous work.
Among other changes, the words “imminent or serious threat” were added to the definition of danger, which implies that workers are not entitled to protection from hazards that could cause them illness in the future.
It is still unclear whether the new definition of danger will lead to a modified interpretation of the right to refuse by health and safety inspectors or the Minister of Labour. The government maintains that this new definition does not reduce worker's rights, but some employers are obviously interpreting the changes to the legislation differently.
Regardless of the finer points of legal interpretation, the law still allows workers to refuse dangerous work. Workers ought to remember one simple standard to assess a potentially dangerous situation: if you don't feel safe performing a task, you should not perform it until your concerns have been addressed.
“We're just appalled that the Harper government finds it acceptable to create confusion around something as basic as workplace health and safety,” said CUPE National President Paul Moist. “There is absolutely no good reason to impose these changes. And for us to receive these reports as we mark the 30th anniversary of the Day of Mourning just adds insult to injury.”
It was CUPE's National Health and Safety Committee that, in 1984, first proposed the Day of Mourning. Since then, on April 28, CUPE members and workers around the world pause to remember those that have been injured, made ill, or killed because they went to work.
Every year, CUPE locals and divisions organize memorial events across the country to honour those workers and to strengthen their resolve to fight for the living.
In 2012, the most recent figures available, there were 977 reported workplace related deaths in Canada. This number only represents those accepted by various workers compensation boards across the nation and generally do not reflect many illnesses contracted as a result of workplace exposure to hazardous materials. The real number is certainly much higher.
Like tartans, tam-o'-shanters, bagpipes and kilts, whiskey has epitomized Scotland for centuries. Much of the best is distilled on remote, windswept islands like Orkney and Islay, often in view of seals and otters frolicking in the sea, or in the valley of the rushing, moor-girded little River Spey, which empties into the North Sea just east of Elgin. It is a rugged drink, always tasting of peat and often of heather or seaweed, made by rugged individualists amid rugged landscapes.
More than 11,000 people are employed, directly or indirectly, in the whiskey industry here. Scotch is Britain's fifth largest export industry, with about 90 percent of production consumed abroad.
Recent years have been challenging ones for the whiskey industry. After a boom in the 1970's, a long period of stagnation set in, and more than a dozen distilleries were closed, mothballed or destroyed. According to a recent parliamentary document, British consumption has declined by 30 percent since 1985. Worldwide exports a decade ago totaled 917 million bottles; last year the figure was 943.4 million. Exports to the United States, where other spirits have cut into Scotch sales, declined during the same period to 108 million bottles from 144 million, the Scotch Whiskey Association reports, although the United States ranked as the No. 1 consumer in terms of value.
But those statistics conceal a success story. While familiar, heavily advertised blends like J&B, Dewar's and Cutty Sark, which constitute the bulk of sales, have had their troubles, the sales of single malts have soared. Malt exports to the United States, for example, rose to 8.4 million bottles last year from 5.3 million in 1993.
Shuttered distilleries that escaped the bulldozers are being reopened, primarily to produce whiskey to be bottled as single malts. (All distilleries sell some of their output to blenders.) Glenmorangie, whose own whiskey is the best-selling malt in Scotland, restarted Ardbeg in 1997; Gordon & MacPhail refired the stills at Benromach four years earlier. A new distillery, complete with traditional pagoda-roofed towers, was built on the island of Arran in 1995.
ALL of that puts history into reverse. Single malts -- the products of single distilleries made in pot stills similar to those used in Cognac from malted barley dried over peat fires -- were the original Scotch. Not until the invention of the cheaper, faster columnar or patent still by Aeneas Coffey in 1830 did the Scots begin making spirits from a mixture of malted and unmalted grains. Lighter and much less robust in taste, these grain whiskeys were and are used to soften the flavors of malts in proprietary blends.
''The best of the blends have great character and complexity,'' wrote Michael Jackson in his ''Malt Whiskey Companion,'' first published in 1989, ''but it is a shame so many are so similar, and that for so many years orchestrations drowned out the soloists.''
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Blenders do not disclose the proportions they use, but people in the industry told me that most use 20 to 30 percent malt whiskey and 70 to 80 percent grain. Premium blends like Johnnie Walker Black Label, Chivas Regal and Famous Grouse contain more, and more mature, malt whiskey.
Most Scots and connoisseurs from other countries drink blends, which are generally less expensive, if they want to mix their whiskey with water or soda in a predinner drink, and take their single malts neat, either before, during or, most commonly, after dinner, like Cognac or Calvados. The addition of ice to a blend is tolerated as an American eccentricity; the addition of ice to a single malt is treated as near-sacrilege.
Each malt whiskey has a unique flavor, just as every classed, chateau-bottled claret differs from every other one. But those distilled in any given region share certain characteristics. The smokiest, peatiest, most iodinic malts come from Campbeltown, on a West Coast peninsula known as the Mull of Kintyre, whose mists were celebrated by the Beatles, and from Islay (pronounced EYE-la), an island near it. Springbank is a notable Campbeltown; Laphroaig, Lagavulin and Ardbeg are classic Islays.
Other islands also produce distinctive flavors. Talisker, from Skye, delivers the sharp tang of seaweed but also an explosive blast of salt and pepper.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The mildest and most subtle of malts, like Auchentoshan, come from the lowland distilleries near Edinburgh and Glasgow.
But the heartland of malt whiskey, with more than half the distilleries, is Speyside, which stretches from Inverness almost to Aberdeen, encompassing not only the sparkling Spey but also smaller streams like the Findhorn, the Isla and the Livet. Moor and glen, fir and gorse, burn and brae combine there with the changing patterns of sun and cloud to conjure scenic magic.
One day during a visit in June, my wife, Betsey, and I saw five perfect rainbows in just half an hour. On another day we were invited along with Ishbel Grant of Glenfarclas into an Arcadian setting -- a fishermen's barbecue along the banks of the Spey.
Glenlivet, the largest-selling malt in the United States, is made in Speyside. Granted a government license in 1824, the first distillery to receive one after generations of illicit whiskey-making, Glenlivet became so widely known that other distilleries added the word Glenlivet to their names. Finally, in a famous legal case in 1880, it won the exclusive right to call itself ''The Glenlivet.''
Another of Speyside's stars is Glenfiddich, the largest-selling malt worldwide, which is owned by William Grant & Sons, an independent company. Faced with giant competitors, it decided in 1963 to bottle much of its output as a single malt at a time when few were on the market. Its success emboldened many others to follow suit.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Like most Speyside whiskeys, Glenlivet and Glenfiddich have a distinctively light, fruity and honeyed taste.
A number of Speyside inns stock 100 or more malt whiskeys in their bars, including Minmore House, just down the road from Glenlivet, whose dining room features the accomplished cooking of Victor Janssen, a South African who operates the place.
Once upon a time, whiskey was an artisanal product, produced by farmers in the wintertime when they could not work out of doors. The process is simple, if exacting, as Johnny Miller, the distillery manager at Glenfarclas, showed me. After threshing, barley is first of all allowed to germinate by soaking in water, then dried (usually over peat fires) to halt germination.
Ground and mixed with hot water in a huge vat called a malt tun, the malted barley becomes a wort. Mixed in another vat called a washback with yeast -- water, barley and yeast are the only ingredients permitted in making whiskey -- the wort is transformed in about 48 hours into ''a kind of sour beer,'' as Mr. Miller explained, in a seething, noisy and rather smelly process.
The ''sour beer,'' known as ''wash,'' is then run successively through a pair of heated stills, bulbous at the bottom, narrow at the top, with a swan's neck extending down to a coiled copper pipe in a tank of cold water that converts the resulting vapor back into liquid. The first part of the run (the foreshots) and the last (the feints), both full of impurities, are eliminated.
What results may not, by law, be called whiskey; it must be aged in wood for three years before it earns that name. Mr. Miller let me taste some, and I was astonished. Though fruit, of course, had played no role in distilling it, it tasted distinctly of pears and plums, like French eaux de vie.
The amount and type of peat burned helps to shape the taste of the whiskey. So does the character of the water; what is used at Glenfarclas flows down from a granite mountain called Ben Rinnes.
Glenfarclas is one of the last distilleries in private hands. Most of the others are owned by big international corporations with roots in France (Pernod Ricard), Japan (Suntory), Cuba (Bacardi) and Spain (Allied Domecq), as well as in England and Scotland. All operate in basically the same way, with subtle yet important differences.
Jim Cryle, the master distiller at Glenlivet, a muscular man with steel gray hair, offered me insights into the process, along with sips of his 12-, 18- and 21-year-old Scotches, among others, of which the flowery, creamy 18 was my favorite. The following, he said, are among the most important determinants of flavor:
The size and shape of the still (tall ones, he thinks, are best) and how it is heated (by internal steam coils or fires); what kind of cask is used (old bourbon barrels, old sherry butts, new oak), how long the whiskey is kept in wood (once it is bottled, the maturing process stops), where (a damp cellar or a dry one) and by whom (the distiller or an independent merchant like Gordon & MacPhail or William Cadenhead).
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Though not as much as with wines, the year of production has an impact, too. Macallan, a highly regarded distillery surrounded by fields of highly regarded Golden Promise barley, offers 26 vintages; an American recently paid $140,000 for a fifth of each. No wonder Macallan's stills are pictured on the reverse of the Bank of Scotland's £10 note.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
A presidential candidate who wants to be taken seriously probably shouldn't come across as willing to accept a VP nod on the ticket of another contender. Jon Huntsman made that mistake Monday night in an interview with CNN's crafty Piers Morgan. The candidate remarked that he'd "absolutely" serve as the veep for Michele Bachmann, and today's headlines pounced on the admission. However, to be fair to Huntsman, in the actual clip he merely gives a meandering confirmation to Morgan that ended with the word "absolutely." To which Morgan segues, "that's an unusual admission, I would say," before equating the sentiment with "potential defeat." At this point, the moderate Republican seems to catch on and claims the digression was a "hypothetical conversation." By the end of the clip, it also looks like Huntsman was wishing he was back on ABC News's This Week.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
(Photo: Doug Kerr/Flickr)
The massive 6-10 Connector in Providence, Rhode Island, that carries some 100,000 cars every day is one of the Northeast Corridor's most well-worn arteries. Nine bridges link Interstate 95 with state and local roadways. A decade ago, some of the spans began to deteriorate and the Rhode Island Department of Transportation installed wooden buttresses to reinforce the weakest structures as a temporary stopgap measure. But today, those buttresses, along with several steel support beams, have fallen into disrepair, putting not only the expressway but also nearby Amtrak powerlines at risk.
Like many expressways built in the 1950s and 1960s, the connector also ended up having an unsavory impact on the surrounding area, walling in several working-class communities in the city's West End. People living near postwar urban freeways have long suffered from poor health, high poverty, and high unemployment rates. In the Olneyville neighborhood, the connector took a toll on the health of the area's most vulnerable residents: One in five children who go to school near the freeway has asthma, double the national rate, and more than 40 percent of residents live below the poverty line, nearly three times the statewide average.
Irked about the deteriorating expressway and the health and safety danger it continued to pose to the neighborhood, a grassroots coalition called Fix the 6-10 demanded that the expressway be scrapped and replaced with a less intrusive, pedestrian-friendly boulevard. The group argued that this type of project would erase the physical barriers between Olneyville, Federal Hill, the West End, and other surrounding neighborhoods and open up spaces for economic development. “The 6-10 really affects the quality of life for people—especially when it comes to pollution and traffic danger,” says James Kennedy, a Fix the 6-10 co-founder.
Established in 2016, the coalition includes about 2,000 local organizations, including neighborhood groups, cyclists, real-estate developers, and even some cost-conscious Tea Party members, along with stalwarts like the Nature Conservancy, Clean Water Action, and the Congress for a New Urbanism. The coalition delivered a clear message to the state officials: A newly designed boulevard would cost less to build and maintain, offer new development opportunities, and reconnect the urban grid in a way that would allow pedestrians, cyclists, transit riders, and cars to co-exist.
But after losing out on federal funding last year, Rhode Island state transportation officials decided to rebuild the span on its existing footprint, an approach they viewed as simpler and better-suited to accommodating regional traffic, rather than take up the coalition's idea.
The ensuing battle over the connector pitted Fix the 6-10 coalition against the Rhode Island Department of Transportation (RIDOT). With the Trump administration pledging to pump $1 trillion into transportation projects nationwide, the Providence controversy previews the battles ahead over the next generation of American infrastructure investments and demonstrates how determined residents can persuade state officials to meet them halfway.
Federal officials estimate that more than 58,000 bridges nationwide are structurally deficient, a number that is likely to increase sharply as the post–World War II infrastructure system nears the end of its lifespan. The American Society of Civil Engineers estimated that upgrading or replacing these bridges will cost as much as $76 billion. But while America's roads and bridges are in dire shape, Providence's 6-10 Connector is in a league of its own. Of the nine bridges that make up the network, the federal government has classified seven of the spans as structurally deficient. The most troubling one is the 6-10's Huntington Viaduct, which earned a sufficiency rating—a federal formula based on a structure's ability to meet basic safety and traffic needs—of just 19 out of 100 in a recent survey. By contrast, Minneapolis's I-35W bridge had earned a score of 50 out of 100 prior to its 2007 collapse.
For nearly 30 years, RIDOT has planned to rebuild the interchange, but could never scrounge up the funding. But local advocates say there are bigger problems: The road system no longer works for the neighborhood or the city. Fix the 6-10 aimed to push state transportation officials to rethink the relationship between freeways and the communities they run through. “The fundamental problem of urban highways is [that] the design of the highway is one of limited access, which is counter to the whole purpose of a city,” says Peter Park, an urban planner who travelled to Providence last March to talk about how to handle the connector's challenges at a public forum organized by the city and the American Planning Association of Rhode Island. Park has overseen highway-to-boulevard transformation projects as planning director in both Milwaukee and Denver. “Just as a starting point, a boulevard is about better connectivity,” Park told The American Prospect. “It's true in Providence and true elsewhere.”
Three proposals were on the table: A new boulevard that the local coalition supported, a simple rebuild, and a state-backed plan to rebuild and “cap” the expressway with sidewalks and green space. Of the three proposals, the “cap” plan was the most expensive, at an estimated $595 million. It also depended on securing a $175 million federal grant. RIDOT also had the option of doing a simple rebuild, estimated at $400 million, on state funds alone.
Surprisingly, RIDOT did not complete a formal cost estimate for the boulevard proposal, but advocates and state officials both acknowledge that it was the cheapest plan. Unlike a brand-new expressway, replacing the bridges would produce immediate savings courtesy of less expensive at-grade street crossings. A boulevard would stimulate new tax revenue for the city as new acreage opened up for economic development.
Yet last year, RIDOT Director Peter Alviti expressed concerns about how removing the interchange would affect regional traffic. Alviti also acknowledged a need to move beyond the state's long-standing plans for a simple rebuild. “Historically, the way [RIDOT] has reacted is to rebuild what was [already] there—taking the worst-conditioned roadways and bridges and rebuilding them over and over and over again,” Alviti said at the March 2016 public forum. “This approach led to Rhode Island having one of the worst transit systems and bridge and roadway systems in the country,” he added. “We've set out to break that cycle.”
Nevertheless, advocates were skeptical. Not only was the “cap” proposal more expensive, it prioritized highway traffic over the needs of Olneyville residents. “A cap mitigates the impact of a highway rather than potentially solving the broader problem,” says Park. Despite these objections, state officials appeared to be moving forward with the “cap” proposal.
But in the summer, federal transportation officials turned down the state's funding request for the “cap” plan. Soon after, Alviti also changed his mind on the cap. He sent a letter to Governor Gina Raimondo, arguing that the “cap” plan was off the table because of the federal decision. A simple rebuild was the only alternative. Citing long-standing safety concerns with several of the connector's bridges, RIDOT recommended expediting the rebuild.
There was another important consideration at work: Only a simple rebuild would qualify for a “categorical exclusion” from what promised to be a lengthy and expensive federal environmental review process. “The time to act is now,” Alviti wrote. Raimondo then shelved the coalition-backed boulevard proposal and vowed to fast-track the rebuild plan. Declaring that “the time is out for debate,” the governor directed RIDOT to finalize the rebuild by the end of 2016.
Despite strong support from Olneyville residents and Mayor Jorge Elorza, Fix the 6-10 representatives concluded that state officials never really took the boulevard proposal seriously. “RIDOT has their own vision of what they want to do, and they're not really interested in neighborhood impacts,” says Seth Zeren, a transportation planner and co-founder of Fix the 6-10 group
These two problems, budget constraints and top-down decision-making, tend to reinforce one another and they're hardly unique to Rhode Island, says former Massachusetts Secretary of Transportation Jeff Mullan who has worked on projects throughout New England. Even with 90 percent of federal transportation funding going directly to states, gridlock on Capitol Hill means inconsistent and unpredictable allocations, which put state transportation departments under constant budget pressure. Those pressures tend to reinforce a “fix it first” strategy: Rather than starting over from scratch, transportation officials patch up roads, bridges, and other systems even though they may have obvious, long-standing problems.
“The government is in an era of scarcity and that calls for hard choices,” Mullan explains. “At the state level, constrained revenues force you into a heavy focus on maintaining infrastructure.”
Differences in the ways city and state officials see infrastructure projects compound this problem. “Engineers [at state agencies] are smart, but so far they've [only] been asked how to accommodate traffic,” says Park, the urban planner. “But if we broaden the equation, [to include economic] development [and] public health, it points to different kinds of solutions.”
The governor's decision emboldened the Fix the 6-10 coalition, and they continued to champion the boulevard plan, holding public meetings, calling state legislators, and circulating petitions. The coalition also worked with city officials to sidestep the state planning process and hire their own urban designers and engineers to come up with an alternative to a rebuild.
Providence officials maintained a decisive if uneasy alliance with Fix the 6-10. Despite the city's support for greater community involvement, officials never formally endorsed the boulevard plan and barely pushed back when Governor Raimondo shelved it. But as city officials worked with state leaders in the months after Raimondo's decision, coalition members prodded the mayor to keep the community in mind. “Without people pushing from the ground up demanding better outcomes, politicians won't listen,” says Zeren. “All that stuff made it something the governor could not ignore.”
In December, following months of workshops, negotiations, and planning, the pressure paid off. City and state officials compromised on a new plan to remove some sections of the interchanges and rebuild others. The state will take down the two most decrepit bridges. The design calls for shortening the seven remaining spans to open up nearly five acres for new development. The compromise also includes new bike paths and walkways that will give Olneyville residents direct access to surrounding neighborhoods. Fix the 6-10 declared victory but acknowledged the fight is far from over. “We'll need ongoing vigilance to ensure these gains won't be lost along the way,” says Zeren.
Meanwhile, the fiscal constraints faced by RIDOT and other state transportation agencies are not likely to improve. President Trump's infrastructure plan relies on private financing, rather than on bolstering or creating new revenue streams to modernize highways and bridges. “State [officials] want predictable revenue streams; they don't need access to more debt,” Mullen warns. “State DOTs already know how to borrow money.”
With budget pressures forcing state transportation officials into a fix-it-first mentality, building new urban links may hinge on continued pressure from the people who live in the affected neighborhoods. Scarce resources can be used to maintain the divisions and inequities of the past—but neighborhood leaders, urban planners, and environmental advocates can push back if they want to see state-of-the-art transportation projects built instead of continued reliance on patched-up, outdated ones. “The big challenge is how do you get state DOTs to start taking community-level needs more seriously,” says Zeren. “Until we have a conversation about what our values need to be in transportation infrastructure, we're going to keep having this same fight.”
Armament Research Services (ARES) is a specialist technical intelligence consultancy, offering expertise and analysis to a range of government and non-government entities in the arms and munitions field. For detailed photos of the guns in this video, don't miss the ARES companion blog post:
http://armamentresearch.com/
The VP9 "Veterinary Pistol" (um...yeah) from Brugger & Thomet is a manually operated 9x19mm handgun with a quite effective suppressor built right onto the barrel. It is, in fact, a remarkably close copy of the British SOE Welrod pistol from World War II, right down to some pretty minor details.
The action uses a two-lug rotating bolt, which is unlocked and cycled by hand between shots. The magazine doubles as the grip, making for a compact and concealable package that would not necessarily be an obvious gun to the typical observer. The suppressor uses 4 rubber wipes which the bullet must actually make its own holes in - this makes it quieter than a typical suppressor, but only until the wipes have substantial holes shot through them (10 rounds or so). At that point the noise of each shot is still much quieter than a unsuppressed pistol, but not as quiet as when using new wipes. This is not a gun intended for a high volume of fire. That said, the suppressor body is easily removed, and the wipes are easily replaced.
http://www.patreon.com/ForgottenWeapons
Cool Forgotten Weapons merch! http://shop.bbtv.com/collections/forgotten-weapons
Browse column F RESNO, CA — When I heard the story about two female retards being fitted up with suicide bombs and sent to visit the Baghdad pet market, I had to laugh. Who's directing this war--Mel Brooks? You can just see Dom DeLuise as the local Mahdi, telling Madeleine Kahn as a drooling bag lady, "You're gonna see the nice puppies, yes yes yes, pretty kitties, yes yes yes, just hold still a moment, Uncle Ahmed needs to adjust your new cummerbund!" Like snotty film buffs love to say, "It works on so many levels." Preparing America's 3-8 year old girls to fight fire with fire in the War On Terror. Starting with the bomb level. These two crazy ladies managed to kill about 100 pet fanciers, a huge total for pedestrian bombs. They must have had these two Mongoloid gals wearing explosive mumus like my fat aunt used to have, big floral burquas with plenty of room for the lady who's retaining water, or, say, plastic explosive. They may have been mentally retarded, but they must've been on the Stairmaster for months to pack that much kaboom. Dom must have told them, "Now when you see a puppy or a kitty you really really like, just pull this little string and before you can say 'ow!' you'll be in heaven with 72 puppies, or 64 kitties, or as many goldfish as you want. Now scoot down there, you differently-abled martyr, you!" I'm sorry, I just can't stop. Just the language they're using on the news accounts--like, when it's some Special Olympics star who wins a gold medal for finishing the 100-yard dash in under six minutes, nobody'd ever say "retarded." He's "special." But interfere with all the upbeat "surge working" stories and you're just a dead retard. Then there's the matter of like, how do they know? I mean, "retarded" compared to who--the average suicide bomber? If this proves that Al Q. is "scraping the bottom of the barrel" for recruits, does that mean they had aptitude tests till now? "We are sorry, Rashid, but your SAT scores do not qualify you to wear a vest and pull a string." Until a few years ago, most healthy, normal mainstream journalists would have said that just putting on one of those vests is prima facie evidence that you're cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs. Does this mean we're saying all those other suicide bombers were perfectly normal dudes? Because, it so happens, that's what I've been saying all along. Until now, mainstream types have been screaming that these suicide bombers prove that every Muslim is insane. Total crap, of course, unless you're also willing to say that the Alamo proved every Texan was insane or the kamikazes prove that every Japanese is wacko. Don't get me wrong, it so happens that MOST Texans and Japs ARE crazy; but it's not being willing to sacrifice your life for the cause that makes them crazy. I've said lots of times that it's not that hard to get kids to die for the tribe or God or Marx or for that matter, 134th Street if that's their local gang turf. We're the crazy ones, so out of touch with all our own glorious military dead that we think there's something crazy about wanting to go out in a blaze of glory. It actually scares me when people at coffee break in my office say they "juuuuust caaaaan't understaaaaaaaaaand" the "mentality" of a suicide bomber. I mean, didn't they cheer at that scene in Independence Day when Randy Quaid aims his plane up the ass of the alien ship just as it's about to fire the city-killing beam? Wasn't that supposed to be heroic? Take a less ridiculous case: since the USAF was totally unprepared to defend the continental US against attack on 9/11, the fighters they scrambled to deal with possible further attacks were sent up with no air-to-air munitions at all. That's a fact. And you can see where it leads. The brass was going to order those pilots to crash their fighters into any commercial jet they concluded might be piloted by a guy with a Koran and a Stanley knife. That would have been a pure suicide mission. And I would have expected the pilots to do it without hesitation. Pilots are ego-crazy, but they're tough. They understand that the job involves dying sometimes.
Pages: Previous 1 23 Next Print Share articles
In welcome news for working families, the Oklahoma Department of Human Services (DHS) announced at the end of June that it would lift the freeze on child care subsidy enrollment by August 1. In any given month, more than 30,000 Oklahoma kids get child care through the subsidy program; it's a crucial support for these children and working parents. It's good that the freeze has been thawed – but that a freeze was necessary highlights how Oklahoma's revenue gaps directly harm working families.
The child care subsidy freeze hit vulnerable families at the worst time
In May, following two mid-year budget cuts, the state's child care subsidy program ran out of money. In response, the Oklahoma Department of Human Services froze enrollment in the program for most children effective June 1st, just as schools were getting out for summer. DHS made it clear that freezing the subsidy was not a decision they wanted to make, but substantial cuts going into FY 2017 combined with the successive revenue failures left DHS without options. A DHS spokesperson told reporters, “We're really concerned about the effects this will have. We just simply have no choice.”
Families in some protected groups, like those with foster children and cash assistance recipients participating in approved work programs, could still receive subsidies. However, 4 in 5 children in the subsidy program were not in one of these groups. Most low-income families who weren't already participating, or who weren't low-income when the freeze hit, were out of luck.
Even before the freeze, affordable child care had been getting less accessible for Oklahoma families. The number of children receiving the subsidy has declined by one-third over the past decade, in part because the program's eligibility levels haven't been adjusted since 2004. The eligibility cutoff for a single mother with one child was $2,426 per month in 2004 – and in 2016, it's still $2,246 per month, despite three minimum wage increases and a decade of inflation.
Child care is a crucial aspect of economic opportunity and self-sufficiency
Subsidized child care is a common-sense measure for a state that values strong families and work. When small children can attend quality child care, they are more likely to be ready to learn and make the most of their education when they start school. The subsidy also allows very low-income parents to work or go to school, helping them to rise out of poverty. Access to affordable child care increases labor force participation, narrows the gender wage gap, and boosts family earnings over their working lives. Freezing the subsidy jeopardized all of this – as one provider said, “It tells families you can either have children or have a job. Not both.”
This is what balancing the budget on the backs of the poor looks like
The temporarily-frozen subsidy is just one more entry in a long list of ways in which the Legislature's failure to adequately fund crucial programs harms Oklahoma families. It should be unthinkable that this critical work support could run out of money – but that's exactly what happened. And the child care subsidy's future is by no means guaranteed. In a press release, DHS Director Lake said that the program had been able to restart because the freeze allowed DHS to save enough funds to sustain the program through the end of the year – “barring any future or unforeseen reductions to DHS funding.” In other words, another revenue failure could mean another freeze or worse, and that means another costly, last-minute scramble by low-wage families struggling to keep their kids safe while making ends meet.
We've written before about how decisions legislators made this spring mean that low-income Oklahomans will have a harder time accessing mental health care and DHS programs like food stamps. These are some of the same parents that some legislators tried to kick off Medicaid. Despite more than 160 religious leaders asking them not to, the Legislature gutted the refundable state Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC), a pro-work, anti-poverty credit with benefits that extend to the next generation. And lawmakers' refusal to stop tax cuts or raise other revenues to adequately fund core programs like the child care subsidy increases the likelihood that we'll find ourselves here again.
Event Japanese/English
Introduction
Play Sendai has arrived. Please leave night battles to me.[1]
川内、参上。夜戦なら任せておいて
Library
Play The culmination of the 5,500 ton light cruisers, that's me, the Sendai-class.[2] I'll teach you lots about the appeal of mature light cruisers. Of course, in night battle!
5500トン級の軽巡洋艦の最終タイプ、それが私、川内型よ。 熟成された軽巡の魅力、たっぷり教えてあげるから。 もちろん、夜戦でね！
Secretary 1
Play What? A night battle?
なに？夜戦？
Secretary 2
Play Night sure is great.
夜はいいよね。夜はさ・・・
Secretary 3
Play Don't be so impatient. The night is long you know?
まあそう焦んないでよ。夜は長いよ？
Secretary 3
Play Admiral, thanks for the hard work. The constant night battles are tiring huh. Yup, I understand![3]
提督、おつかれさま。いっつも夜戦ばっかだと疲れるよね。うん、分かるよ！
Secretary Idle
Play Hm? I-It's not like I'm getting bored or anything, because I'm not! Really!
ん？べ、別に退屈とかしてないし、してないんだから！本当よ？
Secretary (Married)
Play Thanks for the hard work, Admiral. You're tired from the constant night battles, right? Yeah, I understand!
提督、おつかれさま。いっつも夜戦ばっかだと疲れるよね。うん、分かるよ！
Secretary (Married)
Play Night sure is great. Ah! You're also pretty good, Admiral ♡ Shall we... night battle tonight?
夜はいいよね、夜はさ。あ！提督もなかなかイイよ♡ 今夜は一緒に夜戦…しよ？
Wedding
Play What's wrong, Admiral? You're all red… O~ho, you wanna have a night battle with me?
提督、どうしたの？そんなに赤くなって...はっは～ん、さては私と夜戦したいんだな？
Player's Score
Play Looks like there's a message for you, Admiral?
提督に連絡があるみたいよ？
Joining the Fleet
Play Sendai, torpedo squadron, sortieing!
川内、水雷戦隊出撃します！
Joining the Fleet
Play Sendai, DesRon3, sortieing!
川内、三水戦、出撃します！
Equipment 1
Play You're going to make me stronger? Thanks!
強化してくれるの？ありがとう。
Equipment 1
Play Isn't this nice! It fits me perfectly! Thanks Admiral.
いいじゃーん！私にぴったり！提督、ありがとう。
Equipment 2
Play I can go hard into night battles again with this.
これで、またバリバリ夜戦ができるね。
Equipment 3 [4]
Play Let's hurry and night battle~!
早く、夜戦～！
Supply
Play Supplies are important for night battles right?
夜戦には補給が必要だよね。
Docking (Minor Damage)
Play Morning, huh... I'm going to rest for a little while.
朝、か…少し、休んでくるね。
Docking (Major Damage)
Play As expected, I'm dead tired... I'll just head into the docks for a bit, okay?
流石にへとへと……ちょっと、ドック入りするね。
Docking (Major Damage)
Play *whew*, I worked hard. I'm going to clean up the sweat from night battle a little alright?
ふあ、頑張った。ちょっと夜戦の汗落としてくるね？
Construction
Play A new ship has joined up.
新しい艦が参加しましたね。
Returning from Sortie
Play The fleet has returned to port. I wonder what the results are?
艦隊が帰投したね。戦果はどうかな？
Returning from Sortie
Play DesRon3 has returned to port.
三水戦帰投したよ。
Starting a Sortie
Play You must be night battle, okay? Promise?
絶対夜戦してよね？約束よ？
Starting a Battle
Play Ready for combat! Fire~!
砲雷撃戦、用意！てーっ！
Starting a Battle
Play Now, let's get started. Ready, aim... fire!
さあ、仕掛けるよ。よい・・・って！
Attack
Play Charge!
突撃よ！
Daytime Spotting/ Night Battle Attack
Play Now, night battle with me!
さあ、私と夜戦しよ！
Night Battle
Play Finally! The night battle I was waiting for!
やったぁ！待ちに待った夜戦だぁ！
MVP
Play This is the expected outcome. It's fine, it's fine. You don't need to praise me so much.
当然の結果ね。いいのいいの。そんなに褒めなくっても。
Minor Damage 1
Play Hyaa!
ひゃぁっ！
Minor Damage 2
Play Now you've done it!
やったな！
Major Damage
Play Whaaaa!
ふぁぁぁあぁ！
Major Damage
Play Even if you tear my flesh off, I'll break your bones![5]
肉を切らせて、骨は断つから！
Sunk
Play I wanted to... go wild... at night some more.... [6]
Craft brew producers in Rhode Island run one of the few growing businesses in the state.
Right now, they're limited to how much beer they can sell out of their facilities. But just talking about changing that is ruffling the feathers of some liquor retailers.
At Proclamation Ale Co. in West Kingston, the four employees, including the owner, on any given day brew three main kinds and dabble in dozens of other specialty beers throughout the year.
Dave Whitham is frustrated, considering other nearby states have different rules.
"We have people that come in here out of state. We have a pretty decent draw and people come from other states to see us," Whitham said.
Until 2013, Rhode Island beer producers couldn't sell any brew directly to customers. Now, they're allowed the equivalent of a six-pack, but no more.
"They get here then they say, 'Wait a minute, I can only buy this? We drove here for this?' That drives away essentially money that could be coming in to the state. I believe it's 37 states that have the ability to sell either unlimited or large quantities to people that visit," Witham said.
Nearly all of the 11 production craft breweries in Rhode Island received a letter, unsigned, in the past week, post-marked Providence.
It takes the liquor retailers' position, saying craft breweries should not be in competition because retailers already help sell and distribute their product and that if they push anymore, it won't be welcome on retailer's shelves anymore.
Whitham said easing the limits on sales to visitors won't be in competition with retailers. But, they don't have a lobbyist at the State House like retailers do.
"Essentially, any time anything gets proposed, that lobbyist will step to the front and say, 'No, that's not going to happen,'" said Whitham, with a cutting-throat motion under his neck.
Meanwhile, this is the take from McLaughlin and Moran, the largest beer distributor Rhode Island.
"As people have dialogue and discuss this intelligently, perhaps something may change and it's going to be up to the legislators and Department of Business Regulation looking at the rules and regulations as they exist today," said Chuck Borkoski of McLaughlin and Moran.
Chelsea Clinton said she doesn't know how she will explain Donald Trump or the year 2017 to her children one day.
In an interview with Teen Vogue, Hillary Clinton's daughter said that although it “has been very clear who Mr. Trump is” for longer than she has been alive, “every day seems so improbable.”
“Well, [I have no idea what tomorrow] is gonna look like,” Clinton said. “I don't say that in the general sense of I'm not prescient and none of us have a crystal ball…But every day seems so improbable. Come back to me on December 31st and I'll have a better sense on how I'll might explain 2017, because we're not even halfway through the year and none of us could have foreseen [what has happened].”
“As Maya Angelou said — which is something I know I've quoted on Twitter and off, and others have as well — ‘when someone shows you who they are the first time, believe them.' It has been very clear who Mr. Trump is for about longer than you or I have been alive. Unfortunately, we are just seeing that play out in ways that should not be surprising on a personal level for him, but I hope to continue to be surprising for our country because we are better than this.”
“We have to continue to prove we are better than this because, quite literally, our children's futures depend on it.”
Clinton defended Trump in a tweet Tuesday after the comedian Kathy Griffin sparked outrage when images surfaced of her holding up a bloody, decapitated version of the president's head.
This is vile and wrong. It is never funny to joke about killing a president. https://t.co/zIiuKoMyFw — Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) May 30, 2017
Griffin later deleted her tweets defending the image and apologized for going “too far.”
As anti-Trump protesters have taken to the streets of several major U.S. cities following the election, President Barack Obama is pointing to the nation's veterans as an example of how to “forge unity in our great diversity … even when it is hard.”
Obama paid tribute to veterans at a ceremony at Arlington National Cemetery on Friday — Veterans Day — where he also acknowledged the sense of turmoil and division that has seized much of the country following the unexpected culmination of an election fraught with anger and personal attacks.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
“Veterans Day often follows a hard-fought political campaign, an exercise in the free speech and self-government that you fought for,” Obama said. “It often lays bare disagreements across our nation. But the American instinct has never been to find isolation in opposite corners, it is to find strength in our common creed, to forge unity from our great diversity, to sustain that strength and unity even when it is hard.”
Obama: “When the election is over, as we search for ways to come together,” the best examples to follow are veterans https://t.co/RtFbbfDz4q — CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) November 11, 2016
“And when the election is over, as we search for ways to come together, to reconnect with one another, and with the principles that are more enduring than transitory politics, some of our best examples are the men and women we salute on Veterans Day,” he continued.
Obama added that the military is the “single most diverse institution in our country” and that men and women of service “represent every corner of our country … Christian, Muslim, Jew and non-believer alike all forged into common service.”
RELATED VIDEO: Exclusive: Natasha Stoynoff on Donald Trump's Very Personal Attacks: ‘It's An Attempt to Silence Women
The president said Americans “can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us,” but he urged citizens to pay homage by showing respect and compassion for one another.
“We can practice kindness, we can pay it forward, we can volunteer, we can serve,” Obama said. “We can respect one another. We can always get each other's backs. That is what Veterans Day asks all of us to think about.”
“Whenever the world makes you cynical, look to a veteran,” he added. “Whenever you doubt that courage and selflessness is better, then stop and look to a veteran.”
Paramore's Hayley Williams Invites Fan to Sing Onstage Bows Down to Her!
Paramore's Hayley Williams Invites Fan to Sing Onstage, Bows Down to Her!!!
EXCLUSIVE
Paramore's lead vocalist, Hayley Williams﻿, handed her mic to a die-hard fan who rocked out so hard and so good ... she might as well be Hayley's backup singer.
The impromptu karaoke sesh went down Wednesday night at the Times-Union Center in Jacksonville, FL where the band performed to commemorate the 10-year anniversary of its career-launching album, "Riot!"
It's pretty awesome ... Hayley noticed the fan was singing along all night and decided to bring her up for the last act and rock out to the hit "Misery Business."
How good was she? So good Hayley worshiped the performance, literally.
BTW, the crowd was stoked to see Paramore, which just postponed 2 upcoming shows in Florida as Hurricane Irma makes its way to Miami.
"No one country can do it alone," Raman said. "Put in very stark terms, because of the reach of international criminal networks, we will be on our heels if we rely only on our own countries' law enforcement capabilities. We need one another."
Speaking to the International Association of Prosecutors North American and Caribbean Regional Conference, in Rhode Island this afternoon, Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman said a "comprehensive, coordinated response" is essential to fight transnational criminals whose exploits are not limited to a country's borders.
The head of the U.S. Justice Department's Criminal Division today called on the world's law enforcement to work collaboratively to fight international crime.
Raman said the Justice Department is committed to "identifying and responding to the tactics and methods of criminal networks, even if they operate beyond our borders." That includes recent successes when pairing up with other agencies, like the forfeiture of a $700,000 home in Maryland that had been purchased with corruption proceeds traceable to a former governor of Nigeria.
She also highlighted the indictment announced in June of Sinovel Wind Group, a manufacturer of wind turbines in China, on charges of stealing trade secrets from an American company known as AMSC. The theft, she said, caused losses of over $800 million.
In her remarks, Raman didn't mention Edward Snowden, the National Security Agency contractor who recently exposed the scope of government intercepts of personal communication. Russia recently granted Snowden asylum, giving him a reprieve from a pending criminal case, based on the leaks, in Alexandria federal district court.
The Obama administration wasn't pleased with Russia's decision to allow Snowden to remain in the country. The U.S. government considers him a fugitive.
"We will send the message loud and clear that criminals cannot hide in corners of the globe; they will be found and held to account," Raman said at the end of her prepared speech. "I look forward to what we will accomplish together."
VMworld 2017 will be my third consecutive VMworld. I am by no means a veteran or a pro when it comes to this conference, however, I wanted to provide some tips for first-timers. I feel like my first time attending VMworld in 2015 was of massive value, but that paled in comparison compared to my experience last year. I'm hoping that some of the tips below will help first-timers make the most of the conference. Some of these might be too late to plan for this year – sorry about that; VMworld kind of snuck up fast on me this time around.
Arrive in FOR DAY 0
Assuming you aren't attending any TAM or Partner sessions, try and arrive on Sunday. For general attendees, VMworld starts on Monday. However, you can actually register on Sunday. It seems to be a real crap shoot as far as when registration opens. Last year I decided to scope out the venue beforehand to get a feel for the layout and I happened to notice that registration was open. This was at about 3:30 I the afternoon (if memory serves). Registering ahead of time will save you a lot of grief. With 20,000+ attendees, that registration lineup can get to be quite long on Monday.
The other major benefit of arriving on Sunday is being able to attend Opening Acts (and its party later that night, VMUnderground). Opening Acts is a fantastic community-run event. Basically, it will be at a venue nearby, and folks from the community sit in on panels. The topics are wide ranging, but often relate to a lot of soft skills. Career advice is a big topic, and hearing folks talk frankly and provide advice is quite welcome.
DON'T SKIP THE SOLUTIONS EXCHANGE
Whenever I attend local trade shows, I tend to skip over most of the vendors who are exhibiting there. After all, I don't want to share my contact info with sales folks, who will likely be calling me in a few days. What I noticed my first year was that with almost all the vendors in there send their top engineers. I would say that about %80 of the folks I talk to at the Solutions Exchange tend to be primarily engineers, and not focussing on sales. A nice change! Yes, you'll get your badge scanned, but in return you'll likely gain access to some ridiculously smart folks.
Even if you have no interest in a particular vendor, I encourage you to talk to the staff. VMworld is not a small show, and I'm sure having a boot there requires a large investment. If a company is willing to make that investment, then chances are they are “the real deal”. Given how many similar companies there are (how many storage companies are there?!?!), it can sometimes be hard to start conversations, or frankly even care about some of the vendors. My go-to approach has been to just ask “so, what makes Company X special?”
COMMUNITY AT VMWORLD
Similar to Opening Acts / VMUnderground, another like-minded group called vBrownBag has a significant presence at VMworld. vBrownBag runs their Tech Talks in conjunction with VMworld, and will be found in the VM Village. Throughout the day, there will be a slew of IT Professionals giving presentations. Talks this year will range from ~10 minutes to ~30 minutes and will be viewable live or on Youtube for later viewing. What is different this year is that these sessions are showing up in the session builder. So, if you are looking for a quick-take on a subject, or maybe you want a chance to approach the speaker with ease after the talk, be sure to check out some of the vBrownBag sessions. This year I will be giving two talks (one of which is a panel discussion), up from one last year.
UNWIND
Parties – who doesn't like a good one? There will be no shortage of parties throughout the event. Just decide ahead of time what you are hoping to get out of them. Unwinding is very welcome after a long day of frying your brain, but don't over do it. If you happen to run into a speaker, or maybe someone else who you consider notable, keep in mind that they likely won't want to answer a ton of questions. Chances are they are unwinding too. That's not to say that you shouldn't talk to them, but maybe consider asking for contact info so that you can follow up at a later date.
Also, keep in mind that this year it is in Las Vegas …. It get's hot! Make sure you keep hydrated. One night of partying hard can quickly turn into a day of feeling like an extra on The Walking Dead.
ATTIRE
Business casual tends to be the common attire, but this can mean many things to many people. You'll see lots of folks (probably %80+) in jeans and t-shirts. For the remaining attendees, it is probably about an even split of people in suits and folks in shorts. Regardless of the attire, make sure you wear comfortable shoes. There will be a lot of walking to … I can't overstate that enough. Last year it took me about 15 minutes to get from my hotel room to outside. Similarly, depending on where you enter the Mandalay Bay, it can be a 10 – 15-minute walk to the convention area. So be sure to bring comfy shoes – you'll be walking a fair amount each day, and you'll be on your feet throughout.
BONUS QUICK TAKES
When packing, keep in mind you'll likely be coming back with some swag. All those free t-shirts add up
Every paid attendee receives a backpack at registration; if you bring your own, you'll now have two
If you aren't on Twitter, consider signing up. It is a great way to keep up to date with goings-on. The official hashtag is #VMworld
Bring business cards
Bring at least one battery pack to keep your phone charged
Hopefully the above will be helpful. Overall, I suggest figuring out what you plan on getting from the event (networking with peers, vendor information, training, breakout sessions, etc.) and make a plan to accomplish that.
Like this: Like Loading...
Nearly every decision in the latest wave of MLS soccer-specific stadiums comes with a premium on creating environments boasting intimacy. Not the touchy-feely, quiet type of intimacy, but the loud, raucous style that puts tens of thousands of fans as close to one another and as on top of the pitch as possible.
Orlando City Stadium gives us a real-time example of the trend, even as we're about to see soccer-specific designs opening next year for Minnesota United, D.C. United and Los Angeles Football Club that mimic the effort.
As MLS buildings grow in size, now expanding past the typical 18,000-seat designs of the past toward capacities of 25,000, the larger sizes come with a focus on creating an intense environment, says Bruce Miller, lead soccer architect for Populous, designers of the new venues in Orlando, St. Paul, Minnesota, and Washington, D.C.
“MLS is expanding right now while other sports are creating different seating types and shrinking capacity,” Miller tells FourFourTwo. “Twenty-five thousand will drive demand and create a great atmosphere. It is really giving our owners pause in terms of what the capacity should be and what they should be planning for in the future.”
Top 20 stadiums FourFourTwo's 20 best stadiums for soccer in the U.S.
And as 25,000 sits as a tipping point — buildings larger than 25,000 really require a second concourse to best serve the population with amenities — it has also creates amenity-rich designs that differ from MLS venues of yesteryear. No longer is bare-bones construction, such as the first soccer-specific venues we saw in 1999 into the mid-2000s, the order of the day. MLS owners can now afford more.
The most architecturally pleasing and atmosphere-creating element of what we're seeing in current soccer-specific design, and what we will continue to see moving forward, is the canopy, a feature rarely added to the cost of early MLS projects.
It's not just a roof that shields the weather from the fans. A canopy gives venues a European-style design that also serves to reflect crowd noise back toward the pitch. To coincide, Miller says there are more seats between aisles in soccer venues — less in-game vendors allows this — and a tight continuous bowl around the pitch serves to “intensify the experience.”
“It is about 90 minutes front to back and really creating a stage for people to experience the game in that period of time,” Miller said. “The seating bowl has got a really intimate feel to it.”
Troy Taormina-USA TODAY Sports
Jonathan Emmett, design principal for Gensler Sports, architects of the upcoming Banc of California Stadium for LAFC, echoes the “intense, yet intimate” words.
“The first generation of U.S. venues lacked these qualities, which tend to be trademarks of traditional British and European venues,” he says. “Steep rakes of seating, tight field and sideline dimensions, roof canopies are signature elements of the LAFC stadium and these attributes will become the benchmark within MLS.”
In Orlando, for example, the crowd presses to just 15 feet from the pitch. Paired with a tight bowl design, soccer venues have moved communal areas to the corner terraces, allowing for the bowls to focus on one thing alone: the pitch. In L.A., the 34-degree rake in the seating bowl will become the steepest in the MLS — expect that number to get matched across the 2018 venues — and only 12 feet will separate the field from the closest seat in the house.
As seating bowls grow tighter, steeper and closer, the next classic soccer design that will take over MLS stadiums comes in the form of safe standing, something we saw for the first time when Orlando City Stadium offered us 3,800 safe-standing seats.
“Those supporters' sections really drive the energy of the building,” Miller says. “In the NFL and NBA, it is the sound systems and scoreboards, but in soccer it is really the crowd that drives the energy with chanting and singing. Those standing areas have become really popular.”
Orlando introduces us to safe standing in North America (not counting Avaya Stadium's small at-grade standing section mixed in with its north-end bar), but Minnesota won't be far behind, with 2,800 safe-standing seats and a steeper rake than Orlando.
To keep them safe, the depth of each row remains similar to if it had a seat. A rail — with a cup holder — separates each row to eliminate the possibility of crushing people or the domino effect. “It is a very steep section so fans are right on top of the action,” says Miller, who watched the 30 for 30 documentary on the Hillsborough disaster a dozen times.
These sections include drummer platforms, pulley systems to launch tifo displays and even areas to let off smoke.
Logan Bowles-USA TODAY Sports
Emmett says that now that safe standing has begun to see a resurgence in Europe, harkening to standing terraces of venues such as the Kop at Liverpool's Anfield Road, “supporter groups around MLS are following suit and demanding standing terraces in their venues to enhance their gameday experience and home-field advantage.”
In a way, MLS stadium designers have had the luxury of pulling the best of what has worked in Europe and turning that into a starting point for American design, all while blending in the premium seating designs birthed in the U.S. And while the tight bowls and canopies certainly offer that example of European concepts moving to North America, so does the idea of building almost exclusively in urban areas.
But building urban is sometimes easier said than done. Early soccer-specific designs lacked expensive amenities, but they also were built on relatively inexpensive plots of land, leaving some teams now hoping for a new location. Not unlike the 1960s and 1970s, when MLB and NFL venues first started to get sport-specific, economics dictated a move away from population when MLS arrived at its first soccer-specific stadium in 1999 (Crew Stadium in Columbus). Now, teams want back in. Columbus is exploring a more central location. Philadelphia strayed far from its downtown area. Also Chicago. Dallas. Colorado. They all face the same issue of choosing soccer-specific at the expense of location.
Miller says that bettering the vibe of any stadium often results from knitting it into the fabric of the city, not unlike older European stadiums. “They have grown up with the city and integrated into the life of the city,” he says.
Whether Orlando, the next three MLS venues in 2018 or soccer-specific designs coming soon, the latest wave of stadiums will grow bigger, more intense, more urban and more European.
More features from FourFourTwo USA | Top 20 U.S. stadiums
Follow Tim Newcomb on Twitter at @tdnewcomb.
There are no shortage of 3rd Party Transformers-inspired combiners around for collectors to choose from. There are multiple projects – completed and ongoing – covering Predaking, Computron, Bruticus, Menasor, Defensor, Devastator and now Hasbro has entered the fray with Combiner Wars offering an alternative (yet classic) concept, value for money and simplicity with trusted quality over high-end collector's items. Not to mention being able to officially badge it as Transformers, Superion or Menasor. So, in order for a 3rd party combiner to stand out now, it has to be unique. So how appropriate it is that Unique Toys are currently the only company tackling the Terrorcons and the monster combiner Abominus.
What we have here is the Unique Toys “Alberich”, their Not-Rippersnapper, designated O-02 since their Not-Abominus will be called “Ordin – The King Of The Gods”. In a recent poll carried out by TFW member Sid Beckett (CZ Hazard), Unique Toys were selected as the most improved 3rd Party company of the last 12 months. Their earlier figures had come in for a lot of criticism, but recent offerings like the DX9 Invisible, War In Pocket figures and even their first Not-Abominus figure O-01 Troll (Not-Blot) have been very well received and show signs of a significant upturn in quality. Alberich appears to be mostly continuing in that vein.
As I mentioned in my Square One pictorial of Alberich, the whole Ordin team seems to be named after mythical monsters, and Alberich (according to Wikipedia) “is a dwarf, who guards the treasure of the Nibelungen, but is overcome by Siegfried. News of the gold robbery and ring of power incited gods and giants alike to action“. Unique Toys O-02 Alberich comes with a combiner fist as the figure itself forms an arm.
The positives are that he has excellent posability and just begs to be played with and stuck in dynamic stances. The ankle tilts, knees, elbows, shoulders, and waist provide great points of articulation. The robot mode proportions are really nice too, and almost against the figure's nature of being a beastly horror – certainly it's nothing like the original G1 Rippersnapper in that regard, but more reminiscent of his animation model, with added colour, highlights and details, all welcome. The thin legs really put me in mind of the Car Robots JRX figure J-Five. They are very stable though, with heel spurs as well.
Negatives are that he wears a shark head and tail on his back but I would not go so far as to call this a shellformer, the leg and arm transformations are too involved for that. There are no wrist swivels and when the hands fold away into the wrists, the flap that covers them doesn't close in as flush a way as you will have come to expect from Transformers. Also, one of the double-barreled guns that Alberich came packaged with turned up broken, it does look like a fragile connection. Finally, in order to angle the robot head upwards, you have to lift the flap upon which it sits, and that never quite looks right. It's important to outline these limitations, but it's also important to mention that they do not hinder enjoyment of the figure. I've gone from having no interest in Abominus historically or currently, to actively tracking down a Troll. I'm officially on board with this set.
The robot head is quite nice and shows suitable Decepticon grump, it is also more accurate to the limited animation appearances of Rippersnapper and the Terrorcons in season 3 of the G1 cartoon than the G1 toy who had a mostly blue face and just yellow eyes. I would have loved to see Alberich sporting the sunglasses-type eyes that he seems to have in the animation model. You can see in the screen capture above (courtesy of TFWiki) just how much more detail UT have added to Alberich in robot mode to make him attractive, compared to the vastly simple animation model, and of course, the original G1 figure. You could argue that Rippersnapper had charm in being ridicul0poously stumpy and misshapen as a robot, but Alberich strikes a lovely figure, the sharky parts ensuring he doesn't stray too far into the realm of the generic robot.
Alberich's transformation is a good one, very much a pick-up-and-play toy and almost zero concern about possible damage being caused. He seems to follow very classic Transformers-style transformation cues and tricks, no magic moments but I like a figure that I can pick up and play with, never being restricted by the feeling that transforming will be a pain going back the other way. As a result Alberich can be found in beast mode, robot mode and even the excellent arm mode in equal measure when displayed among my collection.
There is one tricky step that I have attempted to illustrate above, where the thighs collapse into the shin cavities for beast and arm mode. You can think of it like the Transformers Animated Ultra Magnus shoulders where there is one piece that never changes its orientation, but rotates on an axle. So, that piece is held still and firm, then when pushed in and pressure applied to the right place, it folds over and slots in perfectly within the space provided. Arms, shark bits, legs etc are very straightforward and intuitive, there's even a nice part where you compress the back panel onto the torso for land-man-shark mode.
The beast mode is more extended and certainly more lean than the G1 Rippersnapper beast mode, however he is definitely more hunched than in the cartoon. You don't get the impression that this beast mode is something that can walk about normally, resembling a man with a shark head as in parts of the season 3 show. There is limited articulation in the beast arms as they don't really fold outwards, and the shark head only really goes up and down a limited amount, not side to side at all. There is no tail articulation either.
Despite all that, it's got great character. That shark mouth opens quite a bit, allowing for plenty of comedy moments. Just ask my 2 year old daughter. He can also look pretty fierce and aggressive, which surely is precisely the remit of anything called a Terrorcon. The weapons mount on the dorsal fin, and that sort of homages G1 Rippersnapper whose back-mounted gun had a blue fin moulded into the middle of it. In this case, the fin and guns are separate and the fin is more appropriately coloured to match the body of the beast. My only real gripe about the beast mode is the lack of beast head articulation. I don't even mind the extended torso and the gap they've worked hard to try and mask between the top and bottom halves of the beast. I hope it's just an issue with the test shot, but the grey cap on the beast mode head comes off very regularly on my Alberich.
Quite like the MMC Feralcons, Alberich has a distinctly techno-organic appearance, clearly metallic and robotic. I personally prefer my Transformers beasts to look far more technological than organic. Beware though, as there are a few sharp points here and there. Paint application across this figure, considering it is a test shot that I received with no paperwork or packaging, is very encouraging. Only one of the robot eyes showed flaws.
What I really like about this figure is how good the combiner arm mode is. Not since MMC Bovis have I been so happy to readily include the limb mode as a display option. Alberich can even be stood up in arm mode! There is an extension that you must execute at the waist revealing a dedicated combiner elbow joint. The attachment of the exceptionally nice and well-articulated, beautifully coloured Ordin hand is super simple and effective. Upper and forearm proportions are great, they work so well with the size and proportions of the hand itself and they make me massively excited about the final combined form of Ordin. The beast arms and legs seem a little messy in the above photos, I've since found a slightly neater way of lining them up in this mode.
The above image should give you a good idea of how Alberich scales with other contemporary releases that are well known. Certainly in relation to Masterpiece-type products he doesn't seem vastly out of scale, and even if it is intended as a Generations/Classics scale combiner, that hasn't stopped people putting their Feral Rex with MP toys.
So what do you get for your money? A very solid feeling and looking representation of a G1 Terrorcon (more cartoon than toy) that has extremely believable modes, including a great limb mode. You get a repeatable and enjoyable transformation that on the whole has no scary moments, but then again no genius moments either. Would I have liked wrist swivels and opening hands, articulated beast neck and tail at this price point? Yes, because that's pretty much what I would have gotten from a Feralcon. Aesthetically, it's right up there with Feralcons (in fact people thought Troll was MMC at first!) and I'm more likely to transform Alberich. This item has got me totally on board with Ordin and UT whereas before the whole thing passed beneath my radar. What more could I ask for? Alberich is much more than just a step to a completed combiner, more than just Ordin's arm, but when he is an arm, what an arm he is!
All the best
Maz
A recently declassified US Army report on the biological effects of non-lethal weapons reveals outlandish plans for “ray gun” devices, which would cause artificial fevers or beam voices into people's heads.
The report titled “Bioeffects Of Selected Nonlethal Weapons” was released under the US Freedom of Information Act and is available on this website (pdf). The DoD has confirmed to New Scientist that it released the documents, which detail five different “maturing non-lethal technologies” using microwaves, lasers and sound.
Released by US Army Intelligence and Security Command at Fort Meade, Maryland, US, the 1998 report gives an overview of what was then the state of the art in directed energy weapons for crowd control and other applications.
A word in your ear
Some of the technologies are conceptual, such as an electromagnetic pulse that causes a seizure like those experienced by people with epilepsy. Other ideas, like a microwave gun to “beam” words directly into people's ears, have been tested. It is claimed that the so-called “Frey Effect” – using close-range microwaves to produce audible sounds in a person's ears – has been used to project the spoken numbers 1 to 10 across a lab to volunteers'.
Advertisement
In 2004 the US Navy funded research into using the Frey effect to project sound that caused “discomfort” into the ears of crowds.
The report also discusses a microwave weapon able to produce a disabling “artificial fever” by heating a person's body. While tests of the idea are not mentioned, the report notes that the necessary equipment “is available today”. It adds that while it would take at least fifteen minutes to achieve the desired “fever” effect, it could be used to incapacitate people for almost “any desired period consistent with safety.”
Less exotic technologies discussed include laser dazzlers and a sound source loud enough to disturb the sense of balance. Both have been realised in the years since the report was written. The US army uses laser dazzlers in Iraq, while the Long Range Acoustic Device has military and civilian users, and has been used on one occasion to repel pirates off Somalia.
However, the report does not mention any trials of weapons for producing artificial fever or seizures, or beaming voices into people's heads.
Potentially torturous
Steve Wright, a security expert at Leeds Metropolitan University, UK, warns that the technologies described could be used for torture. In 1998 the European Parliament passed a motion banning potentially dangerous incapacitating technologies that interfere with the human brain.
“The epileptic seizure inducing device is grossly irresponsible and should never be fielded,” says Steve Wright “We know from similar [chemically] artificially-induced fits that the victim subsequently remains “potentiated” and may spontaneously suffer epileptic fits again after the initial attack.”
The acoustic energy device that affects the ear canals, disrupting the motion sense, may require dangerously loud sound levels to be effective, points out Juergen Altmann, a physicist at Dortmund University, Germany, who is interested in new military technologies.
“[There is] inconsistency between the part that says “interesting” effects occur at 130-155 dB and the Recovery/Safety section that says that 115 dB is to be avoided – without commenting on the difference.”
Weapons Technology – Keep up with the latest innovations in our cutting edge special report.
Focus on America – Delve into the science and technology questions facing the USA in our special report.
You've gotta be kitten me!
I've heard a lot about Catlateral Damage over the past couple of months, but seeing as it's just hit its Kickstarter goal, I'm paying a lot more attention. Today it reached its $40k funding goal and you know what that means: kitty cat fun for everyone!
The self-proclaimed "first-person destructive cat simulator" looks every bit as whimsical and awesome as Katamari Damacy was when I first took it home from GameStop for a paltry $20. The fact that you're actually play as a cat who just don't give a hoot really drives it home for me.
Are you going to check it out? Have you played the demo? Do androids dream of electric sheep? All this and more, on the next exciting episode of Yu Yu Hakusho.
Catlateral Damage Kickstarter [Kickstarter]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
AWFUL: Mitt Romney Tells Roy Moore to Step Down… Even If Innocent… “Innocent Until Proven Guilty” Is Not for Elections
Alabama Judge Roy Moore won the Republican senate primary to replace Jeff Sessions in September.
Judge Moore is a conservative favorite. Establishment Republicans fear him.
On Thursday the far left Washington Post accused Judge Moore of dating a 14 year-old girl in 1979.
Judge Moore has denied the charges.
On Friday Mitt Romney called on Judge Roy Moore to step down — Even if he is innocent.
Mitt says “innocent until proven guilty” is for criminal convictions and not for elections.
WOW!
Innocent until proven guilty is for criminal convictions, not elections. I believe Leigh Corfman. Her account is too serious to ignore. Moore is unfit for office and should step aside. — Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) November 10, 2017
Faith communities play key role in conversations about race, local pastors say
Faith communities can and should play a larger role in calling for justice and leading difficult conversations about race, said two retired Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.) pastors in Ferguson, Missouri.
Since the Aug. 9 killing of unarmed teenager Michael Brown by a police officer, the country has been focused on Ferguson and the confrontations between civilians and law enforcement there. Underlying the protests and marches is the complicated and painful state of race relations in Ferguson — a situation that could easily occur in many communities across the country, said the Revs. Ellie and Carleton Stock.
“People are really dismayed at the use of such force in situations like this,” said Ellie Stock. “People understand the racism underneath and that it's a long-term issue.”
The Stocks are retired co-pastors of Northminster Presbyterian Church in Dellwood, Mo., which borders Ferguson. Northminster is now merged with First Presbyterian Church of Ferguson. The Stocks remain active in race relations work and a local ministerial alliance made up of several denominations that coordinates worship, education and social services for the community.
Since the shooting, the alliance is working with another group of local clergy, most of whom are black. That group is taking the lead in organizing marches and vigils.
“Faith communities have been really out there,” said Carleton Stock. “Black clergy have really been leading the way. They can really play a large role. There's a lot of respect for clergy in the black community.”
PC(USA) churches, which are predominantly white, should join with black communities of faith and have the admittedly difficult conversations about racism and white privilege, the Stocks said.
Ellie Stock recommended the paper “White Privilege: Unpacking the Invisible Backpack” by Peggy McIntosh as a good starting place.
“We're hoping that this event will catalyze some of these conversations,” said Carleton Stock, who served on the Presbytery of Giddings-Lovejoy's Dismantling Racism and Privilege Ministry Team. He acknowledged that these conversations can be hard and will take years. The team is working to organize a way to reach out to congregations to talk about these issues, and the willingness of the congregations varies.
“I would hope for any community of faith … that there would be a way for them to address the issue within their congregation about race and white privilege, but also to be advocates in dismantling racism and white privilege,” he said.
That combination of dialogue and action is important, the Stocks said, repeating the refrain often heard from protesters in Ferguson: “No justice, no peace.”
In the past several years, the demographics of Ferguson have shifted so that the town is now about two-thirds black and one-third white, but the leadership remains largely white, the Stocks said. The police force, which is mostly white, patrols communities of color all the time, contributing to those communities' distrust of law enforcement and uncertainty that they'll be treated justly, the Stocks said.
“It's going to take a while, but we trust in the resurrectional spirit that can come out of this,” Ellie Stock said. “We're calling not only for calm but for new ways of working as community.”
A statement from PC(USA) leaders calls for “calm and prayer as justice is sought and righteousness pursued.”
The Rev. Landon Whitsitt, executive and stated clerk of the Synod of Mid-America — of which Ferguson is a part — released a statement calling the PC(USA) to stand in solidarity with the people of Ferguson and to “‘witness against and strive against'” systemic, institutionalize racial injustice.
“We must as the possession of God…stand where the Lord stands, namely against the injustice of the wronged.” The statement read. “Sisters and Brothers, we must stand arm in arm with the people of Ferguson. Black bodies matter and our white bodies will signify that the killing of black bodies is unacceptable.
“If you live in or around St Louis please come and walk with the protestors. Listen to their cries, and join them in the call for justice.
“If you live farther away, find the members of your own community who are standing against this injustice. Listen to their cries, and join them in their own call for justice.”
Over the last five years, the craft brewery movement has grown exponentially in Minnesota. The Associated Press says licensing records show two-thirds of Minnesota breweries have opened just since 2010. So, we decided to help you – and your livers – keep up with the taproom trend by stopping by some of these Twin Cities brewhouses. For the next brewery, Tap Talk chatting with brewer Aaron Herman from Minneapolis' beloved Town Hall Brewery.
Before breweries began popping up on every corner, before craft beer became a beverage of choice, before the Surly Bill, Minnesota had a stake in the beer community.
From Grain Belt to Schell's to Summit, Minnesota has a long tradition of brewing.
Minneapolis' Town Hall Brewery has been a part of that tradition for 19 years.
And lead brewer Aaron Herman has been a part of Town Hall's landscape for four.
Like many brewers, Herman's crafting began at home.
In 2006, he moved to Minnesota after finishing college in California. An avid disc golfer, he took up with a league and many of his teammates were already interested in the hobby of homebrewing.
“It was all really, really interesting to me but I had no idea what they were talking about,” Herman said. “[But in October 2010] I moved into a house that had a nice big space so I picked up the hobby.”
Herman said, like all homebrewers, his dream was to own his own brewery one day.
As he began to determine how he would accomplish this goal, he knew the first step was to get a job that had something to do with beer.
“The very first door I knocked on was Vine Park Brewing Company in St. Paul,” he said. “It just so happened that [Andy Gage] was looking for an assistant brewer to run his 3-barrel system.”
So, Herman brewed at Vine Park for six months.
Then, in early February 2012, Town Hall's head brewer Mike Hoops had a serendipitous meeting with Herman at Vine Park.
Hoops and the team at Town Hall had askedGage to use his bottle fillers. When they arrived, Gage decided Herman should be brewing a few batches. Herman later found out that Town Hall was hiring.
Town Hall was indeed looking for a new assistant, but had stopped accepting resumes. However, Hoops let Herman submit a resume and ended up bringing him in for an interview.
“[We] had the initial interview, [then he] brought me in for a working interview,” Herman said. “I became one of three finalists and, then, the rest as they say is kind of history.”
Herman started off washing kegs, filling growlers and learning by watching other brewers at work. But just months into his new position, two former lead brewers left to help start their own breweries – LynLake and Bent Paddle – so Herman stepped into the position.
With just a few months under his belt, he became the lead brewer. Now, four years later, he still holds the position and still feels he has things to learn and room to grow.
Town Hall Brewery
Follow them: on Twitter at @THBrewery, on Facebook at Minneapolis Town Hall Brewery, or visit their website online.
Owners: Pete Rifakes
Brewers: Michael Hoops and Aaron Herman
Location: 1430 Washington Avenue S.
Hours: Monday – Wednesday: 11 to 1 a.m., Thursday – Saturday: 11 to 2 a.m. Sunday: 11 – 12 a.m.
Contact: 612-339-8696
Unlike many breweries that Minnesotans may be familiar with, Town Hall Brewery is a brew pub. Can you explain how that differs from other local spots?
Herman: We're licensed as a brew pub as opposed to, pretty much all [other] tap rooms, [which] are licensed as distribution breweries. As far as true brew pubs are concerned, we're not allowed to distribute. So, we can't bottle or can or sell kegs to a distributor for sale – so like at Republic for example or at a liquor store. The only way for a brew pub to increase their production is to open up other restaurants under the same ownership umbrella. So, we're essentially self-distributing to ourselves.
So, that's why people can have your beer at Town Hall Lanes and Town Hall Tap! Tell me, what is the biggest difference, aside from the licensing, between brew pubs and distribution breweries?
Herman: Probably just the sheer volume. Again, brew pubs being limited by how much they are physically able to sell over the counter, which pales in comparison [with] what you'd be able to sell to a distributor. The only way we can sell beer is if people come in and drink it. We can't bring beer to the people.
So when the Surly Bill came into being, how did that affect Town Hall, if at all?
Herman: We still can't distribute, so that bill unfortunately did nothing for brew pubs. But interest in craft beer definitely has blown up I think, in part, because of the Surly Bill.
Many people are concerned that following the Surly Bill there have been too many breweries opening up and that eventually the bubble will burst. How do you feel the Surly Bill affected the Twin Cities brewing scene?
Herman: Since the Surly Bill was passed, of course, that's when all these taprooms started popping up. So, if anything, it's good for craft beer in general without question I'd say. I think more and more people are getting into craft beer. I do feel that our market base's palate is still maturing, because there is definitely a variety of quality out there. I don't think we'll get to a point where we're saturated because I don't think there is ever going to be too many breweries, but [what] I do think will happen is we'll reach somewhat of a tipping point as far as quality is concerned. I think, and I don't wish any ill will on anyone, but I think that we'll start to see quality improve and as that consumer base palate matures they'll just stop patronizing the places that they feel don't have as high of quality.
Since you mentioned quality, let's talk a little bit about yours! Tell me about the beer. What are the year-round brews you offer?
*Listen to Herman discuss the six house beers at Town Hall Brewery.
There are quite a few tap lines at Town Hall, so I have to believe you have a few rotating beers to fill those. Tell me a little bit about your seasonals.
Herman: We have a total of 12 seasonals that are always on tap, two of which are on nitro. We call the nitro beers seasonal, but sometimes they can be a house beer just placed on nitro for a limited time.
*Listen to Herman discuss some of the other the seasonal beers on tap.
Also, I see that you also have “guest” beers on your lines. What are “guest” beers?
Herman: They can be national or local beer from other brewers. We have a Surly on right now, a New Belgium [too]. We also have three sours that we try to keep on at all times as well. Then, we have two guest nitro beers for a total of five nitro beers. This is so we can offer nitro flights. In addition to the guest beer, we carry 10 ciders at all times.
Wow! That is a lot of different types of beer and cider! What a great selection! So, being that you are connected to a restaurant, does Chef Matt Lepisto ever ask you to create a specific beer?
Herman: We kind of view ourselves as somewhat of an independently functioning entity from the restaurant. By and large we're going to create the recipes independently from the kitchen. I think Matt is a lot more nimble in creating dishes around the beer that I'm putting out than I [am] around [what he is putting out.] I can't actually recall a time that we tried to create a specific beer for him. However, this is something we can do and do more of for catering. (Events@townhallbrewery.com)
That's great that you get to have that collaboration when you're looking for it, but that both the restaurant and the brewery stand on their own. So, owners Pete and Scot got the name Town Hall from their middle school baseball team – West Middleton Town. Tell me, what does Town Hall mean to you?
Herman: When I think of Town Hall, I think of a family sort of feel with the staff and the regulars who come in. It's a really comfortable, very relaxed atmosphere. Being a brewer at Town Hall I feel that I, for lack of putting it another way, get a lot of respect from the brewing community. It's very humbling. If I meet someone new in the brewing community it's always “Oh, you're at Town Hall? That's amazing. I love their beer.” It's always nothing but praise. It's very humbling. It's a really cool thing to be a part of.
It sounds like although it came from a different inspiration the name really embodies a meeting place for a community. Finally, how would you describe Town Hall Brewery in one word?
Herman: Quality
The U.S. Department of Education has declined to levy any fines on student loan giant Sallie Mae despite secret determinations over the past 10 years that allege the company has harmed borrowers, incorrectly billed the department and had other servicing failures.
The allegations, detailed in a Dec. 9 letter from the Education Department to Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), for the first time provide a glimpse into the extent of problems plaguing the $1 trillion federal student loan portfolio, and the apparently lackluster department response to faulty behavior by companies that interact with borrowers on its behalf and collect payments on government-backed student debt. The letter was obtained by The Huffington Post.
The findings come as Education Secretary Arne Duncan battles accusations that his department tolerates wrongdoing by companies it pays to service federal student loans, most notably Sallie Mae. The nation's largest handler of student debt, Sallie Mae is under investigation by at least three federal agencies for allegedly violating borrowers' rights. At least one of them -- the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation -- has told Sallie Mae it intends to publicly accuse the company of harming borrowers.
But the pending investigations and likely enforcement action didn't stop the Education Department from telling Sallie Mae in October that it intends to renew its lucrative contract to service federal student loans. The department told Warren that it was “not aware” of any issues or findings that would warrant any fines or termination of its existing contract with the company. Poor servicing of federal student loans has contributed to some policymakers' fears that the nation's $1.2 trillion in unpaid student debt risks curtailing economic growth in the coming years.
Warren declined to comment, though last week she said the department should not be a “lapdog” when it comes to protecting student borrowers. Stephen Spector, Education Department spokesman, said the department's letter “speaks for itself.” Sallie Mae did not respond to requests for comment.
Since 2009, the Education Department has found that Sallie Mae had defective practices when adjusting borrowers' accounts, incorrectly calculated borrowers' incomes who were in a federal program designed for low wage-earners, and erroneously tabulated household income for borrowers applying for a separate federal repayment plan meant for borrowers struggling with their monthly payments, the letter said.
Over the last 10 years, according to its letter to Warren, the Education Department and its inspector general have concluded that Sallie Mae incorrectly billed the department for its services, failed to report certain fees, failed to pay other parties rightful fees, filed untimely claims when borrowers defaulted on their debts, and reported incorrect repayment terms. More broadly, the Education Department wrote, it has found “general management and reporting deficiencies” as well as “due diligence errors.”
But the Education Department didn't seem too concerned. James Runcie, Office of Federal Student Aid chief operating officer, described the various findings as “compliance issues” in the letter. He told Warren, who had asked whether the department would terminate its Sallie Mae contract or fine the company as punishment for wrongdoing, that the issues had not “risen to the level where these penalties were considered appropriate, and they were resolved through the implementation of corrective action plans.”
The Education Department doesn't know how many borrowers were harmed by the destructive practices, it conceded in its letter to Warren. Borrower advocates, such as Deanne Loonin, director of the National Consumer Law Center's Student Loan Borrower Assistance Project, have claimed that borrowers with federal student debt are routinely treated poorly, with distressed borrowers often receiving treatment that appears to violate at least the spirit of Education Department rules.
“These are all serious issues that make a huge difference for borrowers,” Loonin said, after reviewing the Education Department's description of its findings. “I'm not surprised because I've seen a lot of this.”
For example, the income errors associated with borrowers in the government's Income-Based Repayment plan, which caps monthly payments relative to income, “could mean the difference between borrowers staying current on their loans versus being hammered by debt collectors,” Loonin said.
“From the borrower's point of view, what happens is they'll often get a denial when applying for Income-Based Repayment, but there's no clear process to appeal or challenge,” she added. “This makes all the difference in the world for borrowers.”
In the letter to Warren, Runcie wrote that the various problems detailed "have affected a very small percentage of individuals relative to the overall borrower population. The incidence of and responsiveness to issues of this kind by Sallie Mae has been consistent with our experience with other federal loan servicers.”
The Education Department's approach to Sallie Mae, Runcie explained, was “consistent with that used for all department loan servicers.” The government could terminate a loan servicing contract if a company such as Sallie Mae “fails to provide the government, upon request, with adequate assurances of future performance,” the letter offered.
It's unclear whether the Education Department has ever requested such assurances.
The Education Department told Warren that it has fined 11 companies that participate in the Federal Family Education Loan program, the bank-based lending initiative that Congress and the Obama administration ended in 2010, and collected $747,500 in penalties.
Sallie Mae is not among them. In fact, the Education Department has not publicly reprimanded Sallie Mae for any of the alleged failings it has documented in its roughly two dozen reviews of the company over the past 10 years.
“Contrast what Sallie Mae has been able to get away with versus how the department treats borrowers,” Loonin said. “It's outrageous.” The department has faced criticism for its aggressive pursuit of defaulted debt from struggling borrowers, and its deficient efforts in enrolling distressed borrowers into easier repayment plans.
In its letter, the Education Department said that as part of its reviews of Sallie Mae, it “ensures that appropriate corrective action has been taken by Sallie Mae, including any necessary restitution of funds to the department.” The department added that it generally recoups funds by reducing what it pays companies when they submit invoices.
Based on the internet, you'd think that Green Lantern was the worst movie since Batman & Robin. Thankfully it isn't. It's one of the most faithful comic-to-screen adaptations ever, and if you read Geoff Johns' awesome run on Green Lantern over the decade; you'll probably really like the movie. Here are a few reasons why Green Lantern definitely does not suck.
Sinestro
If you're familiar with the Green Lantern comics you know who Sinestro becomes. Despite what many people have been saying, the seeds for that turn are placed throughout the first movie. It's pretty blatant in fact when Sinestro begs the Guardians to craft a yellow ring so he could fight fear with fear. He craved the power, and the pay off is one of the coolest credit Easter Eggs ever in a comic book movie.
This is Hal Jordan
Initially I was worried about Ryan Reynolds as Hal Jordan. His wisecracking persona is much better fit to Barry Allen for The Flash, but he proved me wrong with completely nailing every element of Hal Jordan. There's the cocky pilot on Earth, the hero when he pulls Abin Sur from his ship, and the Lantern who's not afraid to talk back to the Guardians and put them in their place. That Hal from the comics is right there on screen.
The Suit
I initially hated the movie design of the suit. Leading up to the movie I avoided the film version of the Green Lantern action figures and the DC Direct busts because I just didn't like how the suit looked. But seeing it in motion in the film, and especially how the Ring energy interacts with it; it's extremely cool and I understand the design decisions. It works so much better than a plain spandex style suit would in live action and I liked every chance the movie gave to see the suit.
Constructs
The Ring's constructs play a major part in the comics, and while there was initially some worry that they'd be toned down in the movie; the reality is that they're all over the film. When Hal saves the day about halfway through the movie to reveal himself as Green Lantern on Earth, the constructs he makes are the elaborate type you expect to see after reading the comics. They're as key to the movie as the suit is.
It's Faithful to the Comics
Aside from some minor changes to save excess explanation, the lore of the movie is extremely faithful to the comics. Oa, Kilowog, Tomar-Re, the Guardians, and all of the Green Lantern Corps (aside from Guy, Kyle, and John) are here and if you're familiar with the books you'll love seeing it realized on screen.
Romano reports: "WikiLeaks has released about 400 gigabytes' worth of mysterious data in a series of encrypted torrent files called 'insurance.' And no one can open it."
Wikileaks is an international non-profit that publishes news leaks and classified information. (photo: Wikileaks)
Is Wikileaks Bluffing, or Did it Really Just Post All Its Secrets to Facebook?
By Aja Romano, The Daily Dot
omeone remind WikiLeaks that the U.S does not respond well to blackmail.
We'd think this was some kind of interactive Internet mystery if we didn't know better, but in fact WikiLeaks has released about 400 gigabytes' worth of mysterious data in a series of encrypted torrent files called "insurance." And no one can open it.
With nothing better to go on, the Internet has decided that "insurance" may be code for "back off" to the U.S. government - coming just before the sentencing of WikiLeaks cause célèbre Bradley Manning.
File encryption means that the data is hidden and no one can see what's in the shared files without a key to unlock them - which, of course, hasn't been publicly released.
The size of one of the files is 349 gigabytes, which means that there's either A) enough textual data inside to power a nationwide security crisis for the next 300 years or so, or B) a few very incriminating pieces of video footage.
"I'm getting the feeling these people are spreading some serious material," commented Facebook onlooker Angel Gabriell.
WikiLeaks abruptly released the files and asked the public to mirror them - on Facebook and Twitter, no less, hardly the place you go to drop off highly classified intelligence.
But the most popular theories between the comments of Facebook, Reddit, and Hacker News, are that the data contains information about the identities of U.S. secret agents currently serving around the world.
WikiLeaks has always anonymized the names of any agents associated with the data in its leaks in order to protect their identities. But with a filename like "Insurance," a few people are betting that the website is preparing for a fight with any governments who want to keep its info out of the hands of the public.
Another popular theory is that the files contain the entirety of a dump that came from the latest WikiLeaks hero, Edward Snowden.
"[C]ould it is that Snowden did a database dump of their entire mainframe, like Manning essentially did?" speculated a user called swiddie on Reddit. "The file could contain the personal information on everyone, aka stasi files, the NSA ever spied on."
That file, if it existed, could be far bigger than 400 gigs.
The files, which were seeded as torrents publicly, went up around 1:30am Eastern, roughly 12 hours or so after a sentencing judge called the actions of former U.S. soldier Bradley Manning in leaking classified data to WikiLeaks "wanton and reckless."
If the files actually are "insurance" to keep the U.S. government from tightening the noose around the necks of Manning, Snowden, and WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, then it's a risky gamble for the site to take, to say the least.
Still, not everyone is convinced the info contained inside the secret files is worth kicking up a fuss. "At 349GB it better have a stable build of that virtual battlefield simulator Bohemia Interactive makes for the military," snarked Raul Ceja on Facebook.
"I had the last one for a bit, and deleted it just now because I'm seriously doubtful these things are anything more than /dev/urandom piped into a file," commented XorNot on Hacker News.
As long as the files are released without the keys that unlock them, it's impossible for anyone, even the government, to get inside.
But if WikiLeaks releases the keys to the public - and all the governments of the world at once-then it's possible that the war on unauthorized access to government secrets could get a lot more dangerous.
Or a lot more interesting.
The Pentagon is rebelling against the House Select Committee on Benghazi in an unusually blunt letter accusing congressional Republicans of making unrealistic demands and threatening to subpoena officials for noncompliance.
In a letter sent on Thursday, the Defense Department's top liaison to Capitol Hill suggested that the committee was being ineffective, was wasting taxpayer dollars and would produce a report based more on speculation than fact.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Congress has as much of an obligation as the executive branch to use federal resources and taxpayer dollars effectively and efficiently,” wrote Stephen Hedger, the assistant secretary of Defense for legislative affairs.
“The department has spent millions of dollars on Benghazi-specific congressional compliance, including reviews by four other committees, which have diligently reviewed the military's response in particular.”
“The department is working diligently to accommodate your staff's multiple and changing requests,” Hedger added. “[H]owever, we are concerned by the continuous threats from your staff to subpoena witnesses because we are not able to move quickly enough to accommodate these new requests.”
The letter is an unusual display of frustration for the executive branch against its overseers in Congress, and Republicans called it proof of their “thorough, fact-centered investigation.”
“It's unfortunate it took the threat of subpoenas for the Pentagon to make witnesses available earlier this year,” the spokesman added in a statement.
“What is [the Department of Defense] so afraid of? Why are they supposedly unable to find their own employees?”
The letter was released by Democrats on the Benghazi panel, who have long protested the committee's mission. Democrats call the probe a thinly veiled attack on former Secretary of State front-runner Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, who is currently the front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination, and said that this week's letter was evidence that Republicans are frantically trying to dig up dirt in the final moments before the report is released.
“Ever since their disastrous 11-hour marathon hearing with Secretary Clinton backfired last fall, Republicans have been trying to redeem themselves by demanding more and more duplicative and unnecessary interviews and dragging out their sham of an investigation closer to the election,” top Rep. Elijah Cummings (Md.), the top Democrat on the panel, said in a statement.
“The Department of Defense has a critical job to do, which is to keep our nation safe from those who would do us harm. But Republicans continue to squander millions of taxpayer dollars chasing right-wing conspiracy theories and forcing Pentagon officials to waste their time on this partisan fishing expedition.”
The Benghazi committee is approaching its two-year anniversary and is eyeing a plan to release its final analysis in the weeks before this summer's political conventions.
In recent weeks, the committee has issued a “crescendo of requests” to the Pentagon about the 2012 terror attack in the Libyan city, which killed four Americans including Ambassador Christopher Stevens, Hedger claimed.
“The number and continued pace of these requests since February 2016 are in tension with your staff's statements that the committee expects to finish its investigation in the near term,” he wrote on Thursday. “Perhaps because of this conflict, the committee's requests are accompanied by unrealistic timelines for the department to identify the correct service members (who are often only identified by positions), locate them if deployed or retired, and schedule interviews, which in some cases require them to return from overseas.”
The committee has interviewed at least 90 witnesses and forced the handover of tens of thousands of pages of documents.
Many of those, however, have come at the Pentagon's expense, Hedger indicated, and on a short timeframe. Since just February, the Defense Department has scheduled 10 interviews and two briefings, he claimed.
In his letter, Hedger listed instances in which the Benghazi panel made urgent demands of the Pentagon and then backtracked.
In one case, the committee insisted that the miltiary “immediately” locate four pilots who could have been deployed to the scene of the attack but were not, even though lawmakers had already made plans to interview their commander. The committee eventually abandoned the effort, but not before the military “spent time and resources locating” the pilots," Hedger wrote.
In another instance, the committee asked the Pentagon to find someone calling into a talk show claiming to be a drone camera operator who said that he saw a video feed from the night of the attack. After spending “significant resources,” the Pentagon could find no one matching the description. The committee then asked to interview all drone pilots in the region on the night of the Benghazi attack, which the Defense Department called “unnecessary,” because it had already handed over their video.
Even when it is able to schedule interviews, Pentagon officials "have been asked repeatedly to speculate or engage in discussing on the record hypotheticals," Hedger claimed, "regardless of the interviewee's actual knowledge or expertise to provide appropriate analysis or insight."
"This type of questioning poses the risk that your final report may be based on speculation rather than a fact-based analysis of what a military officer did do or could have done given his or her knowledge at the time of the attacks."
“We're not gonna stop,” said Charlie Kirk. As the founder and executive director of Turning Point USA, Kirk, 21, runs an organization that has been energizing conservative youth and making news across the country.
When Kirk talked to Opportunity Lives last September, he was excited about the future for Turning Point USA (TPUSA). He had a right to be. On Wednesday, TPUSA held an open house at the Arlington International Racecourse, a renowned horse race track in the suburbs of Chicago.
The open house was impressive, in some ways indicative of a new era for the organization. The event was attended by around 200 people, the vast majority of them under 25. No longer just a small group of high school students, TPUSA has been able to accomplish something most political groups still struggle with: convincing young people to care about politics.
The event featured representatives from several major conservative groups and causes. Speakers included State Rep. Avery Bourne, who at 22 years old is the youngest Illinois lawmaker in history; Illinois Lt. Gov. Evelyn Sanguinetti, the first female Hispanic Lieutenant Governor in the country; and prominent radio host and former U.S. Representative Joe Walsh.
TPUSA Young Women's Leadership Summit (with Joe Walsh)TPUSA hosted its first annual Young Women's Leadership Summit, where women traveled in from across the country to share ideas and train in conservative activism. | Photo: Danny Huizinga
The Open House also closed out TPUSA's first annual Young Women's Leadership Summit, where 125 young women from around the country met for a four-day conference to share ideas and train in conservative activism.
“It's just great to be around so many young women who share your ideals and values,” said Keira Hornyak, a University of Florida student who attended the summit.
Other attendees of the summit discussed their experiences as well. “It's really important for me to be here. It's so important for young people to get involved,” said Zoe Klages, who traveled from her high school in Virginia to attend the summit.
TPUSA Lt. Gov. SanguinettiIllinois Lt. Gov. Evelyn Sanguinetti, the first Latina Lieutenant Governor in the country, addresses the TPUSA conference | Photo: Danny Huizinga
Gina Jochimsen, who studies at the University of Iowa, added that the speakers and training provided by TPUSA were inspiring and motivating. “It's really good to learn how to defend your position properly, because you definitely need that on a liberal campus,” she said.
Next month, Turning Point USA will host 50 more students for a Young Latino Leadership Summit. The hope is that students who attend these conferences bring what they've learned back to their high schools and universities, fighting the stereotype that all young people are liberals.
Already, TPUSA has affiliated activists at more than 750 schools, as the organization's focus on social media and eye-catching slogans has caught on quickly. Crystal Clanton, TPUSA's national field director, said the growth in outreach has been incredible and exciting.
“There are lots of think tanks out there. We're going to be a battle tank”
Turning Point USA has made a sizable impact in Washington as well. At the Conservative Political Action Conference in February, the group selected 75 students to serve as “ambassadors.” Donning bright red polos, they handed out flyers and recruited more than a thousand writers, activists, and alliance partners. TPUSA also hosted a CPAC rally with Sen. Ted Cruz and Sen. Rand Paul, where more than 1,100 people attended.
Kirk is an integral part of the organization's success and name recognition. He appears on Fox News several times a week and was recently featured in National Journal and Bloomberg (which was picked up by Drudge). He's still only 21 years old. According to Marko Sukovic, a friend of the organization since the beginning, Kirk was always excited about the potential of TPUSA. “There are lots of think tanks out there. We're going to be a battle tank,” Kirk reportedly told Sukovic.
Perhaps that is what makes Turning Point USA so special. The achievements are impressive by any standard, but the organization has a distinct energy similar to that of a startup, as if this is only the start of something much bigger. “Look at some of the biggest companies influencing America today. They started in garages,” said Sukovic. “A lot of the kids you see here today – we're in that garage.”
Jacqui Lambie wants Senate inquiry into radicalisation of Australian Muslims
Updated
Tasmanian independent senator Jacqui Lambie has proposed a Senate inquiry into the radicalisation of Muslims in Australia.
Senator-elect Pauline Hanson repeated her views on banning Muslim immigration to Australia when she appeared on the ABC's Q&A program on Monday night.
Senator Lambie told 936 ABC Hobart she supported some of Ms Hanson's views and suggested an inquiry.
"I think a lot of the Muslim community would support an investigation, whether it be a Senate inquiry, into exactly what is going on in radicalisation in this country," she said.
"That's what needs to be opened up. We need to get in, we need to find out whether it's coming from the mosques, we need to be honest and open about what is going on.
"We have a problem with sharia law in this country, we have a problem with terrorism in this country and we have a problem with Islam in this country.
"So if people want to speak their mind on that than other people need to start listening."
Senator Lambie stopped short of supporting an immigration ban, but repeated her view that better screening was needed.
"We can have a look at the way our screen process and integration system ... has failed because quite clearly it has failed," she said.
Senate term still to be decided
The high-profile senator, who entered Parliament in 2013 under the Palmer United Party, appears to have failed to bring in two senators she hoped would be elected under her Jacqui Lambie Network.
The final two seats of the 12 Tasmanian senators are yet to be determined as counting continues.
The Senate terms following the double dissolution election are yet to be decided.
Senator Lambie signalled her strong showing in the state should help her achieve a spot for the fixed six-year term but was not worried by the alternative.
"My job is to represent Tasmania and if I have to go back up [for election] in three years' time I have to go back up," she said.
"I have to be honest with you, that's the least of my worries."
Topics: immigration, terrorism, community-and-society, religion-and-beliefs, tas
First posted
“Not My President! Not My President!” Day after day, in cities from coast to coast, the chanting mobs of rioters have illegally blocked streets and freeways, set fires, thrown Molotov cocktails, injured police officers, destroyed property, and defaced public buildings with graffiti. Portland, Oregon, a bastion of “progressive” Democrats, has been the epicenter of much of the violent action aimed at president-elect Donald Trump. Of course, as we have previously reported, not only did most of the Portland rioters who were arrested fail to register to vote, a large percentage of them appear to be professional, paid protesters.
Many of them, no doubt, were hired in response to the advertisements for paid anti-Trump protesters that appeared on Craigslist and other media in Seattle, Portland, Chicago, Pittsburgh, Boston, Denver, Philadelphia, New York, and elsewhere. Many of these “spontaneous” protests/riots would not have occurred without organized efforts involving hundreds of busses transporting thousands of protesters/rioters, many of whom appear to have travelled across state lines.
Many of the anti-Trump rioters, then, would appear not only to have violated state laws against rioting and inciting to riot, but also federal law against the same crime. Specifically, the rioters could be (and should be) charged under Title 18 U.S. Code § 2101, which provides
(a) Whoever travels in interstate or foreign commerce or uses any facility of interstate or foreign commerce, including, but not limited to, the mail, telegraph, telephone, radio, or television, with intent —
(1) to incite a riot; or
(2) to organize, promote, encourage, participate in, or carry on a riot; or
(3) to commit any act of violence in furtherance of a riot; or
(4) to aid or abet any person in inciting or participating in or carrying on a riot or committing any act of violence in furtherance of a riot....
Shall be fined under this title, or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.
The definition section of 18 U.S. Code § 2102 defines the crime of rioting this way:
(a) As used in this chapter, the term “riot” means a public disturbance involving (1) an act or acts of violence by one or more persons part of an assemblage of three or more persons, which act or acts shall constitute a clear and present danger of, or shall result in, damage or injury to the property of any other person or to the person of any other individual or (2) a threat or threats of the commission of an act or acts of violence by one or more persons part of an assemblage of three or more persons having, individually or collectively, the ability of immediate execution of such threat or threats, where the performance of the threatened act or acts of violence would constitute a clear and present danger of, or would result in, damage or injury to the property of any other person or to the person of any other individual.
Obviously, the anti-Trump rioters who were arrested for starting fires and committing other acts of violence and public disturbance should be prosecuted under applicable state laws, and those who traveled interstate to do the same should also be prosecuted under federal law as well. But what about the organizers of the riots, those who hired the rioters and transported the perpetrators across state lines to engage in this criminal activity? Are they not also culpable under the “aid and abet” provisions cited above? Are they not also liable for prosecution under the federal conspiracy statute (18 U.S. Code § 371) which provides:
If two or more persons conspire either to commit any offense against the United States, or to defraud the United States, or any agency thereof in any manner or for any purpose, and one or more of such persons do any act to effect the object of the conspiracy, each shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.
The Obama Department of Justice had no problem with charging Oregon ranchers Dwight and Steven Hammond — respected, hard-working, tax-paying, law-abiding citizens — with terrorism and arson, for accidentally burning a few acres of “public land” while carrying out a controlled burn on their own land. The Obama/Lynch DOJ prosecuted these dangerous “terrorists” and threw them into federal prison. (See here and here).
When supporters of the Hammonds, led by Nevada ranching family members Ammon and Ryan Bundy peacefully occupied the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in protest earlier this year, the Obama administration mobilized all its resources in response, including an ambush that resulted in the shooting death of Hammond supporter Robert LaVoy Finicum.
The Obama administration and its media allies were stunned a few weeks ago when an Oregon jury acquitted the Bundy brothers and their five additional co-defendants of all charges, including charges of conspiracy to use “force, intimidation, and threats” against federal employees. Will the Obama/Lynch DOJ show any similar zeal to prosecute the thugs who carried out the violent riots in Portland, Oregon — or in the many other venues around the country? Will they prosecute the co-conspirators who financed and planned the riots? That is highly unlikely, since the financiers of the “#NotMyPresident” anti-Trump rallies are some of the Democrat Party's biggest donors. Heading the list of the Rioters-R-Us financiers is top Obama/Clinton fundraiser George Soros (shown at right), the Daddy Warbucks of all causes socialist and subversive.
Over the past couple of decades, the hedge fund billionaire and globalist gadfly has poured hundreds of millions of dollars of his ill-gotten gains into hundreds of organizations and dozens of schemes aimed at empowering global government through the United Nations and destroying our constitutional limitations on government. Here is a short list of the many violent, illegal, and/or unethical rent-a-mob actions and Astroturf “movements” for which “philanthropist” George Soros should be called to account:
• The recent anti-Trump riots have been reliably reported as the handiwork of paid “protesters” organized by MoveOn.org, Planned Parenthood, #BlackLivesMatter, and other groups that have been heavily funded by Soros.
• The violent #BlackLivesMatter riots that have wracked America and fomented racial turmoil since the Ferguson, Missouri police shooting have been funded with tens of millions of dollars from Soros' foundations.
• The WikiLeaks e-mails have exposed the Soros funding of the United Nations/Obama administration scheme for flooding the United States and Europe with unvetted Muslim “refugees.”
• Soros was a principal funder for the August 28, 2016 protest/rally in Washington, D.C. to boost the Obama/UN refugee/migration plan.
• Top Hillary Clinton Campaign and Democratic National Committee operatives have been exposed in the undercover videos by Project Veritas boasting of their illegal activities, including voter fraud, inciting riots, and instigating violence at Trump rallies. Soros' funding ties to these operations and his past funding of similar illicit activities indicate that, at the very least, he is investigated for possible prosecution regarding these serious crimes as well.
Various organizations, including those funded by Soros, have announced plans for massive demonstrations leading up to, and on, Inauguration Day, January 21. Based upon the rhetoric of the organizers and the recent record of their activities across the country, there is very good reason to believe that these upcoming “protests” will be as violent and lawless as those we have already witnessed.
George Soros has been allowed to operate above the law for too long. It is time that he — and other uber-rich activist financiers like him — be put on notice that they will be held accountable for funding criminal activity. These “Lords of Chaos” must find out that they too are subject to the same rule of law that is binding on the rest of us mere mortals.
Photo at top shows protester in Portland, Ore., Nov. 10, 2016: AP Images
Related articles:
Trump "Protests" Manufactured by Leftist Elites and Manned by Professional Protesters
Hacked Documents: Soros Funded Black Lives Matter
Hacked Docs Expose Soros-Obama-UN Refugee Invasion Network
Globalists Admit Trump Election Is Serious Challenge
Soros Spends Millions to Unseat Sheriff Joe Arpaio
Vote Fraud Monitoring Group Says Three Million Noncitizens Voted in Presidential Election
Soros Provides Pressure From Above, Below
Soros Migration Rent-a-Mob Amps Up for Aug. 28 Wash., D.C. Refugee Rally
There are already very good lists of startup lessons written by really talented, experienced people (here and here). I'd like to add another one. I learned these lessons the hard way in the past four years. If you're starting a company, I hope you have an easier path.
People
If you can't get to ramen profitability with a team of 2 – 4 within six months to a year, something's wrong. (You can choose not to be profitable, but it must be your choice, not something forced on you by the market). Split the stock between the founding team evenly. Always have a vesting schedule. Make most decisions by consensus, but have a single CEO whose decisions are final. Make it clear from day one. Your authority as CEO is earned. You start with a non-zero baseline. It grows if you have victories and dwindles if you don't. Don't try to use authority you didn't earn. Morale is very real and self-perpetuating. If you work too long without victories, your investors, employees, family, and you yourself will lose faith. Work like hell not to get yourself into this position. Pick the initial team very carefully. Everyone should be pleasant to work with, have at least one skill relevant to the business they're spectacular at, be extremely effective and pragmatic. Everyone should have product sense and a shared vision for the product and the company. The standard you walk past is the standard you accept. Pick a small set of non-negotiable rules that matter to you most and enforce them ruthlessly. Fire people that are difficult, unproductive, unreliable, have no product sense, or aren't pragmatic. Do it quickly. Some friction is good. Too much friction is deadly. Fire people that cause too much friction. Good job + bad behavior == you're fired.
Fundraising
If you have to give away more than 15% of the company at any given fundraising round, your company didn't germinate correctly. It's salvageable but not ideal. If you haven't earned people's respect yet, fundraising on traction is an order of magnitude easier than fundraising on a story. If you have to raise on a story but don't have the reputation, something's wrong. Treat your fundraising pitch as a minimum viable product. Get it out, then iterate after every meeting. Most investor advice is very good for optimizing and scaling a working business. Listen to it. Most investor advice isn't very good for building a magical product. Nobody can help you build a magical product — that's your job. Don't fall in love with the fundraising process. Get it done and move on.
Markets
The best products don't get built in a vacuum. They win because they reach the top of a field over all other products designed to fill the same niche. Find your field and be the best. If there is no field, something's wrong. Work on a problem that has an immediately useful solution, but has enormous potential for growth. If it doesn't augment the human condition for a huge number of people in a meaningful way, it's not worth doing. For example, Google touches billions of lives by filling a very concrete space in people's daily routine. It changes the way people behave and perceive their immediate physical surroundings. Shoot for building a product of this magnitude. Starting with the right idea matters. Empirically, you can only pivot so far. Assume the market is efficient and valuable ideas will be discovered by multiple teams nearly instantaneously. Pick new ideas because they've been made possible by other social or technological change. Get on the train as early as possible, but make sure the technology is there to make the product be enough better that it matters. If there is an old idea that didn't work before and there is no social or technological change that can plausibly make it work now, assume it will fail. (That's the efficient market hypothesis again. If an idea could have been brought to fruition, it would have been. It's only worth trying again if something changed.) Educating a market that doesn't want your product is a losing battle. Stick to your ideals and vision, but respect trends. If you believe the world needs iambic pentameter poetry, sell hip hop, not sonnets.
Products
Product sense is everything. Learn it as quickly as you can. Being good at engineering has nothing to do with being good at product management. Don't build something that already exists. Customers won't buy it just because it's yours. Make sure you know why users will have no choice but to switch to your product, and why they won't be able to switch back. Don't trust yourself — test your assumptions as much as possible. Ask two questions for every product feature. Will people buy because of this feature? Will people not buy because of lack of this feature? No amount of the latter will make up for lack of the former. Don't build features if the answer to both questions is “no”. Build a product people want to buy in spite of rough edges, not because there are no rough edges. The former is pleasant and highly paid, the latter is unpleasant and takes forever. Beware of chicken and egg products. Make sure your product provides immediate utility. Learn the difference between people who might buy your product and people who are just commenting. Pay obsessive attention to the former. Ignore the latter.
Marketing
Product comes first. If people love your product, the tiniest announcements will get attention. If people don't love your product, no amount of marketing effort will help. Try to have marketing built into the product. If possible, have the YouTube effect (your users can frequently send people a link to something interesting on your platform), and Facebook effect (if your users are on the product, their friends will need to get on the product too). Watch Jiro Dreams of Sushi, then do marketing that way. Pick a small set of tasks, do them consistently, and get better every day. Reevaluate effectiveness on a regular basis. Cut things that don't work, double down on things that do. Don't guess. Measure. Market to your users. Getting attention from people who won't buy your product is a waste of time and money. Don't say things if your competitors can't say the opposite. For example, your competitors can't say their product is slow, so saying yours is fast is sloppy marketing. On the other hand, your competitors can say their software is for Python programmers, so saying yours is for Ruby programmers is good marketing. Apple can get away with breaking this rule, you can't. Don't use supercilious tone towards your users or competitors. It won't help sell the product and will destroy good will. Don't be dismissive of criticism. Instead, use it to improve your product. Your most vocal critics will often turn into your biggest champions if you take their criticism seriously.
Sales
Sales fix everything. You can screw up everything else and get through it if your product sells well. Product comes first. Selling a product everyone wants is easy and rewarding. Selling a product no one wants is an unpleasant game of numbers. Be relentless about working the game of numbers while the product is between the two extremes above. Even if you don't sell anything, you'll learn invaluable lessons. Qualify ruthlessly. Spending time with a user who's unlikely to buy is equivalent to doing no work at all. Inbound is easier than outbound. If possible, build the product in a way where customers reach out to you and ask to pay.
Development
Development speed is everything. Minimize complexity. The simpler the product, the more likely you are to actually ship it, and the more likely you are to fix problems quickly. Pick implementations that give 80% of the benefit with 20% of the work. Use off the shelf components whenever possible. Use development sprints. Make sure your sprints aren't longer than one or two weeks. Beware of long projects. If you can't fit it into a sprint, don't build it. Beware of long rewrites. If you can't fit it into a sprint, don't do it. If you must do something that doesn't fit into a sprint, put as much structure and peer review around it as possible. Working on the wrong thing for a month is equivalent to not showing up to work for a month at all.
Company administration
Don't waste time picking office buildings, accountants, bookkeepers, janitors, furniture, hosted tools, payroll companies, etc. Make sure it's good enough and move on. Take the time to find a good, inexpensive lawyer. It will make a difference.
Personal well-being
Do everything you can not to attach your self esteem to your startup (you'll fail, but try anyway). Do the best you can every day, then step back. Work in such a way that when the dust settles you can be proud of the choices you've made, regardless of the outcome. Every once in a while, get away. Go hiking, visit family in another city, go dancing, play chess, tennis, anything. It will make you more effective and make the people around you happier.
Thanks to Michael Glukhovsky for reviewing this post.
The right application deployment tools can make the process more effective. But choosing can be a challenge.
It's no secret that coding and deploying complex web applications is a tricky business. Visualizing the most efficient process and structural design needed to get your product out the door can be the toughest task of all. So choosing the right tools to help you along is critical. But which tools to choose is often by no means obvious.
AWS offers three distinct services aimed at simplifying and automating project deployment and management: Elastic Beanstalk, CloudFormation, and OpsWorks. Why three deployment tools? Because each service offers its own unique features and workflow style that's ideal for different sets of contexts.
Since I've personally always found distinguishing between the use-cases of each of these services a little intimidating, I'll share what I've learned over time (AWS has a FAQ offering an overview of their set of deployment tools from a OpsWorks perspective). Hopefully, you'll add your own hard-earned observations in the comments.
Deployment tools: Elastic Beanstalk
Elastic Beanstalk is probably the easiest of the three to describe. For all intents and purposes, all you need to do is provide your application code created in one of a dozen or so platforms (Ruby, PHP, Node.js, Docker, etc.) and Beanstalk will pretty much invisibly build the necessary AWS infrastructure around it. You don't need to get your hands dirty in administration but, to allow all that to happen, you give up some flexibilty and control.
Ideal customer: development teams that don't want to know about anything that even smells like IP addressing schemes.
Greatest strength: simplicity.
Deployment tools: CloudFormation
CloudFormation is all about JSON formatted templates. AWS describes it as a “building block service that enables customers to provision and manage almost any AWS resource.”
You have to choose your environment tier (web app or worker) and the AWS resources your application will use (EC2 instance and EBS volume types, RDS engine, etc), so you'll definitely have more configuration work up front. But the payoff comes in the power of fully scripted deployments and, (as I've seen it described) an effectively automatically documented infrastructure. CloudFormation also allows you to directly integrate Git repos into your workflow.
Ideal customer: people with projects for which the ability to reliably and predictably reproduce an environment is important.
Greatest strength: scripting (templates).
Deployment tools: OpsWorks
Conceptually, OpsWorks is probably the hardest of these three services to properly digest. It's built on a framework of stacks and layers. The project, at the top level, is defined by its stack which, in turn, is made up of layers. Each layer is essentially one or more EC2 instances running a pre-defined service like, for instance, a PHP/Apache web server. OpsWorks built-in layers, which on their own are somewhat narrow in scope, can be customized using chef recipes…but that could add a significant learning curve to the mix. I think it's fair to characterize OpsWorks as the most hands-on of AWS's three deployment services, and therefore the most complex.
Ideal customer: developers who need to quickly model application configurations. Being able to easily swap layers in and out can speed up and improve that process.
Greatest strength: a balance of the simplicity of Elastic Beanstalk and the flexibility of CloudFormation (if that description is helpful).
On 5/20/14, 12:51 PM, Orvid King via Digitalmars-d-announce wrote: > On 5/20/2014 2:34 PM, Andrei Alexandrescu via Digitalmars-d-announce wrote: >> https:// hn.algo lia.com/ #!/all/ last_24h/ prefix/ 0/dconf%202014 >> >> Andrei Andrei > > Also, if you prefer your IRC client over the chat client that ustream > has, you can connect to it as IRC via the server chat1.ustream.tv then > join the #dconf-2014 channel. To register your nick, register on > ustream, then connect to the IRC with your username as your nick, and > use /PASS yourPass. On 5/20/2014 2:34 PM, Andrei Alexandrescu via Digitalmars-d-announce wrote:Also, if you prefer your IRC client over the chat client that ustreamhas, you can connect to it as IRC via the server chat1.ustream.tv thenjoin the #dconf-2014 channel. To register your nick, register onustream, then connect to the IRC with your username as your nick, anduse /PASS yourPass.
On My Butchness
This post was brought to you by @annamarch.
This is where it all started. One snapback is all it takes.
“My sister read your blog,” my mother remarked to me a couple years ago, referring to a series of guest posts that I had been writing for Bitch magazine. She was teasing me, but she relayed something that my aunt had apparently told her in earnest: “She showed [her husband] and he said he's afraid of you now, since you're such a ‘militant butch lesbian.'”
Now, I am all of five feet tall and pudgy. With my penchant for pastels and bright complementary colors, I look more like a giant Easter egg than like whatever it was my aunt and uncle were picturing when they read the word “butch.” My blog posts weren't even about being butch. I probably used the word once, but that was enough to set straight imaginations ablaze with terrifying images of…I don't even know. Then again, maybe I do look scary. Maybe that's why strange men laugh or snarl at me and call me a “fucking dyke” in the street and on the bus.
It isn't only men and straight people who make me feel a bit like a monster. Don't get me wrong—it's mostly men and straight people. But there are also little recurring experiences that sometimes make me feel unwelcome even among other queer women. Back when I was a senior at Wellesley, I took a seminar on queer theory. During class discussion one day, one of my peers chimed in brightly with, “I'm really glad we're beyond the whole butch/femme thing and everyone is just sort of androgynous.” The observation applied specifically to the lesbian culture on campus, and more generally to the culture of young lesbians as my classmate understood it at the time.
The remark has stuck with me vividly because I keep encountering a similar sentiment among certain circles of fellow queer millennials. Specifically there is, among some young lesbians and other queer women, a distinct hostility to butchness. Butch identity is often viewed as passé, as a relic of some bygone era when lesbian gender expressions and relationships were trying to ape heterosexuality. Sometimes it is regarded as downright damaging or oppressive, as if butchness is inherently an imitation of manhood.
I do think that there is a conversation to be had about internalized misogyny and transphobia within queer communities. These forces combine to produce the dual attitude that, in order to be authentically genderqueer or trans, AFAB people must be “masculine” and AMAB people must be “feminine.” AFAB “masculinity” does carry a certain amount of cachet in some LGBT spaces, in the form of not having to defend or justify one's place in the queer community. It's not necessarily “privilege” in any meaningful sense, but it is a real phenomenon.
With that acknowledged, however, the butch hate that I encounter among other queer women is more often than not a reflection of internalized misogyny. It mirrors the overwhelming hostility to butchness endemic to straight culture. Gender expression is so heavily and openly policed, especially for girls and women, that simply remarking on it feels redundant. But no matter how many times we draw attention to this gender policing and to how much it hurts us, collectively we just can't seem to stop.
Because of that constant gender policing, growing up as a little baby butchling was often confusing and painful. Now, I am very much a social constructivist; I do not buy into the “born this way” notion. I do not think that butchness is somehow stamped into my DNA, and I certainly don't believe that I have a “masculine” brain or that any such thing exists. But the seeds of my identity were definitely sown early, even if in many ways my girlhood didn't follow a “typical” transmasculine narrative wherein I always felt some inborn aversion to femininity. I mean, I actually liked dresses and jewelry just fine when I was little. There was an awkward stretch of my adolescence when I was really into long suede skirts and earth-toned capes. You know how sometimes, as a young lesbian, you get a little bit confused between the kind of woman you want to be and the kind of woman you want to be with? Well, when I was fifteen I hadn't quite worked out that I wanted to date some kind of bohemian Earth-mama Hobbit witch.
As the careworn mantra goes, “All gender is drag.” Drag, of course, is a performance. You don't just put on an outfit, you construct an entire character, informed by what your audience expects to see. That expectation is crucial. Gender lies in how you declare yourself and in what society expects from and parses within your performance. It isn't somehow located in your dress or behavior itself. There are no inherently “masculine” or “feminine” traits. But we're born into a culture that acts as though there are and so, well before I consistently dressed the part, as it were, I was read as a “tomboy.” I embraced the label—as I now embrace “butch”—because humans have an irrepressible need to name ourselves. I got made fun of, I felt like an outsider, but I had an identity. I was a pretty physical child; I liked playing sports, mainly because they provided ample opportunity to hurl myself repeatedly into the ground or at another person's legs. I was and am assertive, vocal, and even—dare I say—aggressive in ways that would be totally normal and therefore invisible in a man, but that are hypervisible and distinctly “mannish” in a woman. A fat, abrasive man is just a fat, abrasive man. A fat, abrasive woman can be a lot of things, none of them flattering. At best, a shrew. At worst, a dyke.
A fat, abrasive dyke is exactly what I was destined to become, and so in high school my “tomboy” identity rapidly started to wear thin. Tomboys are supposed to “grow out of it.” They're supposed to hit puberty and then discover boys and heterosexuality and settle into “normal” behavior and relationships. I didn't metamorphose into anything except a lonely lesbian. And so I'm going to say something right here, in the middle of this heartfelt essay, that's going to seem like a complete non-sequitur: Thank God for Girl Scout Camp.
You see, in mainstream media there are no role models for butch lesbians. When you're a kid (and an adult, and a human in general), media is vitally important to your understanding of what is good, and right, and possible. In popular media, butch women are monsters. We're portrayed as objects of revulsion, mockery, and pity. As an adolescent I didn't have Autostraddle or Tumblr, I hadn't heard of Alison Bechdel, I hadn't read Stone Butch Blues or Female Masculinity. I didn't have a butch mom, or aunt, or family friend to look up to. I had movies and television and I had Girl Scout Camp. Every summer from when I was about six to when I was eighteen, I spent a few weeks at an overnight camp where it seemed as though 99% of the staff were lesbians. I was a counselor there myself during the summer between high school and college. Thanks to this seasonal community, I grew up with butch women who taught me and took care of me, women whom I admired and wanted to emulate. Without Camp, it would have been that much harder to envision a livable future for myself.
And then I went to college, and I did read Stone Butch Blues and Female Masculinity and Zami and a million other things because during my first semester I took a course called “Gay Writing from Sappho to Stonewall.” There was a vibrant and visible LGBT community on campus. I found friends and comrades and a girlfriend. But every now and then I bumped up against the attitude that I've mentioned, the idea that butchness is an assimilationist relic. Sometimes I still do. Sometimes, despite myself, I still get a sense of unease, an anxious feeling that my gender is somehow bad or wrong.
And so here I am. One of those fat, hairy, angry butch lesbians whom everyone seems to hate. Too “radical” for men and straight people, too “normative” for some queer people.
The idea that butchness is somehow normative or assimilationist, or in itself oppressive, is just wrong. There is no other way to put it. My gender presentation, as I've elucidated, doesn't earn me any brownie points with men or with straight people. It doesn't afford me any power. It makes me a target. The fact is that all women are targets of gender policing. We're punished when we don't conform to femininity, because we've stepped outside of our “place.” We're punished when we are feminine, because femininity is understood as inferiority. When I get uneasy about being butch, it's because I'm anxious about whether I'm performing gender in a way that hurts other women. How do I avoid that if I'm “masculine,” being that masculinity is defined by its diametric opposition to femininity?
After agonizing over the matter and consulting and commiserating with other butch women, I've come to realize that butchness doesn't need to be understood as “masculinity” at all. Its form and substance don't have to be defined by its opposition to femininity.
Sometimes I like to think of butchness as a kind of satire. Not as a parody–not as a clownish imitation of manhood–but as part of a purposeful endeavor to dismantle the popular conception of masculinity and the hegemony that it represents. Flannel and bowties and buzzcuts and muscle shirts and mean un-made-up mugs are not inherently “masculine.” And so butchness works to deconstruct maleness and masculinity by co-opting behaviors and aesthetics that men have tried to monopolize. Butch is a trickster gender—and so, in a similar way, is femme. Lesbian gender expressions do not emulate heteropatriarchy, they subvert it. Femme removes femininity from the discursive shadow of masculinity and thereby strips from it any connotation of subordination or inferiority. Butch takes markers of “masculinity” and divests them of their association with maleness or manhood. Butchness works against the gender binary—the masculine/feminine paradigm—and reclaims for women the full breadth of possibilities when it comes to gender expression.
Other times, honestly, I just don't like to think about my gender as a conscious political undertaking at all. I know that “the personal is political.” I know that no action or belief can possibly be apolitical because every social institution on every scale is steeped in ideology. But sometimes I just get so tired. Sometimes I want to just be. Understanding that my gender has nothing to do with maleness or men helps with that. I'm not a man. I'm not trying to be like a man. I'm not aligned with men in any way. I'm just…well, butch. Butch is a legible identity in itself.
Certainly my own butchness is not predicated on seeing myself as more logical or confident or competent than other women. It isn't defined by a rejection of femininity and all things “feminine.” I'm emotional. I cry when I'm angry and coo over baby animals. My assertiveness is ultimately limp-wristed. I like pastels and flowers and glitter. My closet is full of men's button-downs and I don't own a skirt but I do have a drawer full of beautiful velvet scarves and jeweled brooches. I am a particular sub-subspecies of dandy butch that I refer to as “sparklebutch” in the privacy of my own head. There are as many ways to be butch as there are women and facets of masculinity for us to steal and repurpose. While I've touched upon the isolation and pain that come with being a butch woman in a heteropatriarchal society, I don't want to give the impression that there is anything tragic about my gender identity. My gender is deliberate and playful. I love it. I'm proud to be butch. If nothing else I hope that, somewhere, another girl finding her way toward butchness might read this and feel proud too.
$ Donation Amount: Updating Amount ... Like this article? Tip The Toast! Select Payment Method PayPal Loading ... Personal Info First Name * Last Name Email Address * Donation Total: $1.00
In an age when the president of the United States insists on carrying a BlackBerry and much of the United States Capitol has wireless Internet access, the final draft of the $789 billion economic stimulus measure posted late last night to the Web site of the House Rules Committee looks more like the Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 1979 than of 2009 – filled with hand-written copy-editing marks, insertions scrawled in the margins, deletions of whole paragraphs boxed with X's slashing through them, and a variety of curious hash marks and other annotations.
And in a bill totaling nearly $800 billion, some of the stray scribbles were worth vast sums of money.
Mostly these days, drafts of legislation are distributed by electronic PDF, after being carefully adjusted by computer and polished to remove any evidence of frantic, all-night drafting sessions, pitched last-minute battles and the legalistic minutiae that often must be added to make the intent of Congress extra clear.
But with lawmakers rushing to meet their deadline of sending the stimulus bill to President Obama by Monday, and House Democrats having said that they would post the bill for 48 hours of public review, there was little time for polishing. And the final version that went up on the Web at 10:45 p.m. offers a rare window into the mad cookery of complex legislation.
The two pieces of the bill – a 496-page appropriations section, and a 577-page tax package – represent a Herculean effort on the part of staff members of the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, and the tax-writing Senate Finance and House Ways and Means committees.
The larger tax package, which was completed earlier on Thursday, and distributed to reporters by e-mail, was scrubbed clean with no trace of myriad changes that were being made up to the last minute.
In the appropriations package, which was the subject of on-going adjustments late into the night, most of the hand-edited changes were mundane. A note specifying where italic type should be used; missing words like “this” or “a” re-inserted; chapter titles adjusted to reflect the appropriate headings; notes calling for abbreviations of agencies whose titles have already been spelled out in full earlier on.
But unlike the chicken-scratches on a draft of some doctoral thesis, the annotations in the stimulus bill in some cases are literally worth hundreds of millions of dollars. In the appropriations section, on page 10 of Title IV, for Energy and Water Development programs, a slightly arcing line, a quick hash mark through the number 4 and a 1 etched into the margins in its place, changed a $3.4 billion appropriation for a state energy program to a $3.1 billion appropriation. And so $300 million vanished with a stroke of a pen, perhaps to re-emerge on another page, for another priority.
Just another moment's work, behind the scenes, in Congress.
For nearly four centuries, since the Peace of Westphalia, which ended the Thirty Years' War, the concept of sovereignty—the right of nations to an independent existence and autonomy—has occupied the core of what international order there has been. This made sense, for as every century including the current one has witnessed, a world in which borders are forcibly violated is a world of instability and conflict.
But an approach to international order premised solely on respect for sovereignty, together with the maintenance of the balance of power necessary to secure it, is no longer sufficient. The globe's traditional operating system—call it World Order 1.0—has been built around the protection and prerogatives of states. It is increasingly inadequate in today's globalized world. Little now stays local; just about anyone and anything, from tourists, terrorists, and refugees to e-mails, diseases, dollars, and greenhouse gases, can reach almost anywhere. The result is that what goes on inside a country can no longer be considered the concern of that country alone. Today's circumstances call for an updated operating system—call it World Order 2.0—that includes not only the rights of sovereign states but also those states' obligations to others.
Such a concept of “sovereign obli­gation,” it is worth pointing out, differs from the notion of “sovereignty as responsibility,” which lies at the heart of the legal doctrine known as “the responsibility to protect,” or R2P. R2P refers to the obligations a government has to its own citizens—commitments that, if ignored, are supposedly enforceable by other states through measures up to and including military intervention. It clearly represents a potential infringement on classic Westphalian sovereignty, and it has supporters and opponents for that very reason. By contrast, sovereign obligation is about what a country owes to other countries. It stems from a need to expand and adapt the traditional principles of international order for a highly interconnected world.
Sovereign obligation thus retains a respect for borders
There is a lot of talk right now on Capitol Hill about the need to balance the federal budget. Sadly, both Democrats and Republicans alike are largely debating about how best to balance the budget upon the backs of the poor and working people (who are many times the very same people) and the elderly. First and foremost on the chopping block appears to be Social Security and Medicare -- the lifeline for millions of seniors in this country and the only hope for any sort of retirement for the vast majority of people in this country.
Meanwhile, belying any real interest in balancing the budget, the extension of unemployment benefits for millions of people out of work through no fault of their own is being made contingent upon tax breaks for the wealthiest Americans.
At the same time, what is largely absent from this debate is discussion of the war, which includes military actions in Afghanistan, Iraq, Yemen, allied Pakistan, military exercises in the Yellow Sea and elsewhere, and the maintenance of over 800 U.S. military bases throughout the world. To put the latter into perspective, Great Britain and Ancient Rome, at the very height of their Empires, never had more than 40 military bases internationally.
The U.S. is always at war, whether the pretext is fighting Communism or terrorism, or, as is usually the actual case, fighting against national liberation efforts and for the ability of U.S. corporations to expand their domain and control.
While President Obama had promised during his campaign to "change the mindset that leads us to war," and while many of us, myself included, believed him, Obama could not even wait until his first weekend in office before launching one of his many (many more than Bush) drone attacks into Pakistan, predictably killing mostly civilians. In addition, just after it was announced that he won the Nobel Prize for Peace, Obama, almost to spite the Nobel committee, announced the "surge" in Afghanistan which is putting 30,000 more American lives in jeopardy, leading to a massive increase of civilian deaths in Afghanistan over those killed during Bush's tenure, and further inflaming tensions in the Middle East.
Indeed, Obama has been more hawkish than Bush in a number of ways as seen, for example, in his re-commencing funding for the brutal "red berets" of Indonesia -- which even Bush refused to do on human rights grounds -- and in his re-commissioning the 4th Fleet in the Caribbean which Eisenhower had de-commissioned in the 1950's.
In the end, while Obama is rightly criticized for being too conciliatory to the rich and powerful -- to Wall Street bankers and to the Republicans -- he is unflinchingly harsh when it comes to unleashing violence throughout the world.
And so, the war goes on unabated. If it were not enough that the war is currently costing the lives of tens of thousands of innocents abroad as well the lives of thousands of young U.S. military personnel, most of which signed up because they could not find work here, the war is eating up more and more of the federal budget. Depending upon how one counts, the war (both current and past military actions which we continue to pay for) accounts for around half of the total budget of the United States.
No matter how you count, it is clear that the current Af-Pak and Iraq wars will cost this country well over $1 trillion. A modest proposal for cutting the deficit would be to start there, and to try at all costs to spare social spending for the growing needy in our country.
As Noam Chomsky explains, the reason the war is not up for debate is the fact that there has been a political consensus between the two parties since World War II that the U.S. economy would continue to be primed through military spending rather than social spending -- social spending having the disadvantage, from the point of view of those who rule this country, of distributing wealth downward rather than upward.
Military spending, on the other hand, amounts to a regressive tax which requires the vast majority of working people to subsidize what President Eisenhower decried as "the military-industrial complex" -- that is, high tech companies, weapons manufacturers, and the new proliferation of mercenary organizations (e.g., Black Water, DynCorp and many more) receiving lucrative defense contracts. Further, this spending allows the U.S. to engage in military efforts abroad fought (despite the more lofty goals claimed) in the interests of allowing such corporate interests to expand their markets, and increase their profits, even more.
It is this type of corporate welfare system, along with periodic bank bailouts and tax cuts for the super-rich, which suits the two political parties just fine. Welfare for the truly needy, however, is generally abhorrent to them, and thus the limited nature of the current debate about the federal deficit.
Bob Ewing is a paraplegic, but he's never let that get in the way of his joy of sailing. He co-founded a nonprofit, Footloose Sailing Association, that helps others like him do the same.
Bob Ewing rolls up to his sailboat in his wheelchair with the nonchalance of a seasoned sailor.
He parks the chair alongside the 22-foot boat, anchors it to the dock, lifts his paralyzed legs over the boat's gunwale and, with the help of a volunteer, slides his lanky frame off the chair and into the cockpit.
As he settles in at the helm, he turns to his sailing companions on the dock, inviting them to ditch their crutches and wheelchairs and slide aboard.
Faster than you can sing a sea shanty, they're in the boat and heading out for a two-hour sail on Lake Washington.
For the past 26 years, Ewing has shared his boat and his time with other people with disabilities through the Footloose Sailing Association, a nonprofit he co-founded with two friends to provide sailing opportunities to people with disabilities.
The club's motto, “Leave your disability at the dock,” is both fact and inspiration.
Ewing says everyone — and he means everyone — can sail. He took up sailing in earnest after breaking his neck diving into the Yakima River 43 years ago. He has sailed with people paralyzed by strokes, people with multiple sclerosis, cerebral palsy, head injuries and learning disabilities. He's sailed with a boy on a ventilator, and with people who can't see.
“There are a lot of blind racers,'' he says. “They can face the stern, and because the hairs on the back of the neck are so sensitive, they can read the wind.”
Ewing, 65, loves the freedom of movement in the sailboat. “You can still get around the world without a wheelchair,'' he says, and he actively recruits people from support groups, physical-therapy practices, medical clinics, even the grocery store.
“I'll see someone in a store, and you can cue up the ‘Jaws' music,'' he says, describing how he'll roll up on them with his card in hand, inviting them to sail.
Many sailing seasons
From its modest start in 1991, the Footloose fleet has grown to eight sailboats: four access dinghies, two 21-foot Columbians with swivel seats, and two 16-foot Martins, outfitted in a way that allows quadriplegics to sail using their chin or their breath. The group, currently based out of the north end of Seattle's Leschi Marina, also has a motorized chase boat for emergencies and for when the wind dies.
Ewing says the boats and the sails have seen better days, but replacing them would mean more fundraising for the small group or increasing fees for a group living on disability incomes. As it stands, $25 buys a membership and a sailing trip. Subsequent trips are $10, with no charge for caretakers.
The all-volunteer group typically holds eight or nine sailing events a year from May to June, including an overnight camping trip to Blake Island, complete with tents and s'mores. Two shifts are offered each sail day, on a first-come, first-served basis.
For the group's first event of the season, on May 20, the turnout was modest: about a dozen volunteers and at least that many sailors, including a group of disability activists from Morocco, Tunisia and Egypt visiting Seattle on a U.S. State Department-sponsored trip.
They board Ewing's boat, together with a 28-year-old woman who was paralyzed in a car accident three years ago, and a few able-bodied companions and caretakers.
Meanwhile, on a nearby dock, Faron Shanklin, a 55-year-old quadriplegic from Snohomish, is being lowered into a 16-foot sailboat. To control it, he'll use a “sip-and-puff” device that enables him to use his breath to move the rudder and operate a wench that controls the sails.
Paralyzed 30 years ago, when someone shot him in the neck at work, the former Navy man has been sailing with Footloose for 11 years, starting first as a passenger, then as a skipper, using a joystick operated with his chin.
Today is his second sail using the breathing device.
His face relaxes into a beatific smile as he recalls his first time at the helm.
“The wind picked up, and we were gone,'' he says. “I had a new independence. I could go in any direction I wanted. That really hooked me on sailing.”
He's gotten so adept, he says, that he once sailed from Leschi to Mercer Island and back in eight minutes.
Riding the breeze
Getting Shanklin into the 16-foot boat is a complex endeavor requiring a harness, a sling and several volunteers to operate a manual lift and steer him into a seat in the cockpit. Volunteer John Smith, 88, his nose white with sunscreen, sits behind Shanklin in his own seat, but Shanklin is in control.
The wind is light, but over the course of two hours Shanklin catches enough of it to make it far out in the lake. From the dock, his boat resembles a tiny ship in the distance.
David Andrew, a volunteer with Footloose since 1998, said he committed to the organization the first time he sailed with it.
“My first time out was with a blind girl,” he said. “It lifted her spirits so much.”
Andrew, who is operating the chase boat on this sailing day, said the organization runs with a core group of about 15 to 20 volunteers, including Tim Davidson, who serves as dockmaster, coordinating the comings and goings of Footloose's boats all day.
“After a day here, you leave the dock and you don't feel so sorry for yourself for a time,'' Davidson says. Besides, he adds, “I love to sail. Why shouldn't everyone?”
Two hours after they left, Ewing and his crew slide back into the dock.
Mehdi Diouane, an advocate for people with disabilities in Morocco, is beaming, despite some residual motion sickness.
The sail, he says, was joyful, and has ignited new possibilities for doing something similar in Morocco.
“I want to talk to my government to have a relationship with them,'' he says of Footloose. “Why not? I love it.”
Ewing is still at the helm, eating an apple, waiting for passengers for his afternoon sail.
“We can do that,” he says to Diouane.
And after all he's already done, who would doubt him?
'Sandlot' actor arrested after Houston airport tussle
Thomas Guiry Photo: HPD Public Affairs Photo: HPD Public Affairs Image 1 of / 133 Caption Close 'Sandlot' actor arrested after Houston airport tussle 1 / 133 Back to Gallery
According to reports, actor Tom Guiry, best known for his starring role as "Smalls" in the classic kids baseball flick "The Sandlot," was arrested this past weekend at Bush Intercontinental Airport for allegedly tussling with an HPD officer and scoring a felony charge.
Guiry, 31, was a busy child actor in the 90s before going to star in more adult fare like "Tigerland," "Black Hawk Down" and "Mystic River."
"The Sandlot" turned 20 this past April.
No word on what the New Jersey native was doing in Houston. His last IMDB credit is a role on CBS' "Elementary."
According to HPD, they were contacted by United Airlines on Saturday evening at 6:45 p.m., reporting that Guiry was too intoxicated to fly. HPD questioned Guiry in an attempt to see if he would be a candidate to be transported to the sobering center in downtown Houston, instead of being charged with public intoxication.
At this point, he became agitated and made threats against the officer. After being informed that he would face more serious charges, he continued to threaten the officer.
He attempted to kick the officer in the face and eventually headbutted him. The officer was treated at the scene for minor injuries.
The actor, who stated that he was a "celebrity," was then arrested for felony assault on a police officer and released after he posted $5,000 bail, spending just a few hours in jail.
Guiry's camp has offered no commentary on the situation.
United Airlines declined to comment on the matter citing passenger privacy concerns, but they did point out to the airline's Contract of Carriage which states that they have the right to refuse to transport or remove from the aircraft any passengers that appear to be intoxicated or under the influence of drugs and could endanger other passengers or crew.
The actor's next court date is September 17.
Chunichi Dragons veteran outfielder Kazuhiro Wada will retire at the end of the season, he told reporters before a game against the Tokyo Yakult Swallows on Saturday afternoon at Nagoya Dome.
“Stay tuned for details,” the 43-year-old Wada said.
In his 19th year of pro baseball, Wada became the oldest player to reach 2,000 hits when he registered the mark at 42 years, 11 months, in June. He also is only the third player in Japanese baseball to reach 1,000 hits in both the Central and Pacific leagues.
Wada got off to slow start this season after having surgery on his right knee last fall.
Originally a catcher, Wada joined the Seibu Lions as a fourth-round pick in the 1996 draft. He won the batting title and led the PL in hits in 2005. Wada joined Chunichi as a free agent in 2007 and won the league MVP in 2010.
Congressional staffers have been plagued over the past two days with telephone calls that appear to be coming from Senate Majority Harry Reid's office but are actually from an anonymous organization highly critical of Democrats.
Several aides on the Hill reported receiving calls on Monday and Tuesday that their Caller ID erroneously said were being made from Reid's headquarters. Upon picking up the phone, they were greeted by an automated message of approximately 45 seconds in length.
Neither source recorded the call. But Adrianna Surfas, a press secretary for Rep. Rosa DeLauro, (D-Conn) relayed that the caller said there was "too much spending going on in D.C. but that Republicans weren't to blame."
Jeff Ventura, the director of communications at the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer said that several colleagues had received the automated call. "We don't know who is doing it, but clearly it is some advocacy group, which we believe is against health care reform," he said.
According to Ventura, the group making the calls is engaging in an activity called "caller ID spoofing." Using a certain technology, callers can make an incorrect caller identification appear on the recipient's phone. Both chambers of Congress attempted to outlaw the practice in 2007. But those pieces of legislation have yet to become law.
UPDATE: Senator Reid weighs into the issue, casting blame for the calls on "Republican defenders of the status quo."
"While it is still uncertain who is placing these calls or where they are originating from, creating a false caller ID is dishonest and misleading. They represent yet another attempt by Republican defenders of the status quo to distract from the real issues," said Reid's Rodell Mollineau. "Whether it's disrupting town halls, spreading outrageous lies about health reform or even denying President Obama's American citizenship, these Republicans have shown that their only goal is to stop America from moving forward."
Phoenix, Ak-Chin Indian Community unveil College Football Playoff Championship Campus
Brad Wright and Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton unveil the map of Championship Campus that will be in downtown Phoenix for the College Football Playoff National Championship Game. (Photo by Evan Webeck/Cronkite News) Win Holden and Robert Miguel unveil the official logo of the Championship Campus that will be in downtown Phoenix from Jan. 8-10 for the College Football Playoff. (Photo by Evan Webeck/Cronkite News) Brad Wright, co-chair of the Arizona Organizing Committee speaks at a news conference unveiling the College Football Playoff Championship Campus in downtown Phoenix. (Photo by Evan Webeck/Cronkite News)
For the second straight year, downtown Phoenix will come alive with an invasion of football fans. Only this time, they will be fans of the collegiate – not the professional – game.
With Arizona hosting the 2016 College Football Playoff National Championship Game on Jan. 11, the city of Phoenix and the Ak-Chin Indian Community on Tuesday announced plans for a “Championship Campus presented by the Ak-Chin Indian Community,” spanning more than five blocks in downtown for three days leading up to the game.
The Arizona Organizing Committee is trying to replicate the success earlier this year of the Super Bowl Host Committee. It held major events associated with Super Bowl XLIX in Phoenix, rather than near University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale where the game was played and where the college championship game will be played in 2016.
Included in the Championship Campus, which runs Jan. 8-10, will be events similar to those staged at Super Bowl Central last winter. At the Phoenix Convention Center, in place of the NFL Experience, will be Playoff Fan Central. Adjacent to CityScape, where Pepsi hosted “Hyped For Halftime” concerts, will be “AT&T Playoff Playlist Live,” which organizers say will host shows featuring prominent artists.
The Super Bowl brought $720 million in economic impact to the Valley, according to a study by Arizona State University's W.P. Carey School of Business. Brad Wright, co-chair of the Arizona Organizing Committee, expects the National Championship Game to have similar success.
“The last four BCS National Championship Games we hosted generated over $646 million,” Wright said. “We're convinced that now this has moved to a four-day experience, this will generate a significant economic impact.”
Economic impact is both immediate and residual, Wright said. The influx of 1 million fans to downtown Phoenix for Super Bowl Central had immediate impact, while the opportunity to expose the market to companies outside of Arizona provides much of the residual benefit.
In addition to following in Super Bowl XLIX's footsteps by hosting events downtown, the AOC is also repeating its CEO program, designed to bring in CEOs from across the country and showcase Arizona as a place of business and potentially attract companies to move to the state.
“We watched closely what they did last year,” Wright said. “We learned some of the things that worked well … and we're trying to do our best to take those up a notch.”
The Super Bowl Host Committee reached out to Native American tribes around the state to help last year. Having jumped at the opportunity to partner with the Super Bowl, the Ak-Chin Indian Community was quick to once again place itself in the football spotlight.
Ak-Chin Council Member Robert Miguel said that sponsoring events such as the Championship Campus is a way of giving back to the community that gave the tribe's economy a tremendous boost when it passed Proposition 202 in 2002, legalizing gaming in Arizona.
That took the Ak-Chin from what Miguel called a farming tribe to one whose name now adorns the Ak-Chin Pavilion and the Championship Campus and is able to provide services to its community it wasn't able to before.
When the AOC approached the Ak-Chin about sponsoring the Championship Campus, its council voted a unanimous yes.
“It was kind of a no-brainer to support this,” Miguel said. For him, the perfect scenario would have included the University of Arizona or Arizona State, but “three weeks into the season, I don't think that's going to happen.”
Expand Ilgar Mammadov detained during a protest rally in Baku, 2013. © 2013 Turkhan Kerimov (RFE/RL)
Azerbaijan is finally facing consequences for keeping political activist Ilgar Mammadov behind bars in violation of his rights and its legal obligations. On Thursday, the Council of Europe's Committee of Ministers decided to trigger legal infringement proceedings against the country.
This may seem like a baby step, but it's not. Rather, it's unprecedented and bold – something the Council of Europe has never done before. The proceedings could ultimately lead to suspending Azerbaijan's voting rights or its expulsion from the Council of Europe.
In May 2014, the European Court for Human Rights delivered an unambiguous judgement: It found the detention, since February 2013, of political analyst and critic Mammadov illegal, stating it was aimed at “silenc[ing] and punish[ing] him for criticizing the government.” The court made it clear that Mammadov should be freed. More than three years later, Mammadov is still behind bars – despite more than a dozen resolutions by the Committee of Ministers requiring the Azerbaijani government to release Mammadov and a dedicated inquiry launched by Secretary General Thorbjørn Jagland into Azerbaijan's failure to do so.
Last week's decision is a welcome demonstration of resolve, and I hope it will end Baku's scorn for the court. Infringement is a lengthy process, so any decision on Azerbaijan's expulsion from the Council of Europe will not happen that soon. This gives the Azerbaijani government a last chance to do the right thing and release Mammadov.
Mammadov's case is not isolated. Dozens of critics, human rights defenders, and media professionals, including blogger Mehman Huseinov, arrested in February, and journalist Afgan Mukhtarli, abducted in Tbilisi in May, are unjustly in prison in violation of human rights standards. Some activists released from prison in 2016 have been hit with travel bans and cannot work because authorities have effectively closed their organizations.
The government's international partners, including the European Union, should make it clear that continued disregard for the court and the failure to release political prisoners will lead to more serious consequences.
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - March 09, 2017) - The following announcement is an open letter from the Vancouver Taxi Association.
The public wants timely, affordable taxi service that is available by on their phone -- through apps and text messages -- and also through traditional means -- such as dispatch, hailing a cab, and taxi stands.
We already have that.
The problem is that there are not enough cabs, because the Vancouver Taxi Association has been denied additional licenses to meet the demand.
The Vancouver taxi companies are not insisting on a monopoly.
But the reason why the number of taxi licenses has been restricted historically has been to prevent destructive competition.
That rationale still applies. If there is no restriction on the number of licenses, there will be a free-for-all that will result in a situation where no one can make a living -- much like what happened with truckers at the port.
The port situation led to work stoppages and other problems. The Government eventually solved the problems by restricting the number of truckers who could service the port.
It is surprising the Government hasn't learned from the Port situation that allowing unregulated entry to the taxi industry will result in the same sort of chaos, which can only harm the public, just like it did at the port.
For example, no one will have the incentive to invest in handicapped taxis. That certainly is not part of Uber's business model. Is this in the public interest?
There is also the harm to the existing license holders who have incurred enormous debts to purchase licenses that, under the Government's free-entry proposal, will now effectively be worthless.
The Government's proposal will destroy the financial wellbeing and livelihoods of many immigrant, small business people, who invested in the taxi industry on the basis of the existing regulatory regime.
Now, after going deep in debt, they have had their economic rug pulled out from under them by the Government, in order to benefit a large multi-national taxi business who has a very poor record in terms of service to customers (e.g. surge pricing) and treatment of its employees.
In some other jurisdictions where Uber has been allowed, governments have compensated the existing license holders for the loss of value of their licenses.
We do not propose this as a solution here, because it would be very expensive. But this shows that what the Government is proposing to do is very unfair to the existing license holders.
Some other jurisdictions, such as Austin Texas, have refused to bend to the demands of Uber for different taxi rules, in recognition of the unfairness to both the existing license holders and to the public.
The Liberal Government doesn't see that. It says that its proposal would level the playing field.
But that is patently untrue.
The playing field was even -- it is just that Uber did not want to comply with the existing rules that applied to everyone else.
Uber wanted new rules to fit its business model, and the Government gave this to them, after the Vancouver Taxi Association companies has been repeatedly denied the additional handicapped and other licenses that they needed to service the taxi needs of the public.
Insurance rates will now be drastically reduced to accommodate Uber -- at the same time that the insurance rates of other drivers in the province are increasing significantly.
The Government can't say that the existing insurance rates for taxis were too high. If that is so, the existing taxi license holders should be reimbursed for being overcharged for insurance over the previous decades.
To repeat, we are not saying that Uber should be prevented from entering the taxi market.
What we are saying is that this needs to be done in a fair and equitable manner.
That means putting a cap on the number of Uber or other new app-based entrants to the market to prevent destructive competition.
There is no sensible rationale for allowing unrestricted access to the taxi industry, or eliminating the existing municipal boundaries for taxis. That again will lead to destructive competition.
The public demand needs to be met, but not in a way that destroys the viability of the taxi industry.
What is also required is the setting of insurance rates for taxis on a basis that is fair to them and to other drivers.
We don't expect other drivers to subsidize insurance for taxis, which will now be the case under the Government's proposed insurance plan for taxis that has been introduced to meet the demands of Uber.
We are heartened that the NDP has expressed a desire to introduce a fair model for meeting the interests of taxi users while at the same time protecting the existing industry.
We look forward to working with the NDP to come up with a regulatory model that truly meets the public interest, and not a model that only benefits multi-national companies, such as the model proposed by the Liberal Government.
All-22 Breakdown: The Ravens Free Safeties – A multiple part series
During the Ravens Ravens 2013 Season Review Press Conference, Ozzie Newsome commented that “[The Ravens] need to have a more athletic safety in the defense”. Newsome also commented that the the Ravens “talked about a free safety [and] maybe getting a free safety that can be a playmaker.” During the offseason, the Ravens signed S Darian Stewart from the St. Louis Rams and drafted FS Terrance Brooks from Florida State in the 3rd round of the NFL Draft.
(You can discuss this on the BSL Board here.)
In this series, I will take a look at both Darian Stewart and Terrance Brooks highlighting their strengths and weaknesses primarily in pass coverage as a Free Safety. Did the Ravens fulfill their desire to put a more athletic, playmaking Safety on the field? In this first part, I will take a look at Darian Stewart's pass coverage ability during the 2013-2014 season when he was a member of the St. Louis Rams.
Darian Stewart Scouting Report
Darian Stewart's scouting report summarized him as a big, physical safety that is a good tackler and can hit like a linebacker. In terms of strengths, he is very physical and can play shallow coverage and run support very successfully. He is very solid against the run, but was not considered to be great in coverage. His largest weakness was his deep coverage ability. The scouts felt that he didn't have great range and won't cover much ground if he makes a mistake in coverage.
2013-2014 Season – Free Safety for Tim Walton's Rams defense
During the 2013-2014 season, Darian Stewart played 24 snaps (17 in coverage, 7 against the run) as a FS for the Rams. All 24 snaps were against the Seahawks in week 17. Against the Seahawks, the Rams were lined up primarily in a cover 2 defense. In a cover two defense, the Free Safety is responsible for the deep half of one side of the field. A Free Safety typically lines up 15 yards from the line of scrimmage. The primary goal of a Free Safety in a cover 2 defense is to read the release of the No. 1 wide receiver to determine if the play is a run or a pass. On a passing play, the Free Safety is responsible for covering any throw to the deep middle of the field in addition to keeping all receivers in front of them.
Free Safety coverage
On this 3rd and 8th play at the end of the first quarter, the Seahawks were in a passing down. Darian Stewart lined up as the Free Safety in a cover 2 zone defense. At the snap of the ball, Stewart reads the primary receiver and determines that the receiver is running a post route. Stewart then makes a break to where he believes that the ball would be thrown. Unfortunately, Stewart is too aggressive and gives the receiver an opportunity to release to the sidelines. This is due to poor technique by Stewart on the play. Stewart played where he thought the ball would go and lost track of his receiver. He let the receiver get behind him. This is a good example of Stewart's weakness in deep coverage. What prevented a successful completion was the Right DE Eugene Sims getting a sack on the QB Russell Wilson.
Tackling in Pass Coverage
During the second quarter on 2nd and 9 play, we get a good example of Darian Stewart's strength in shallow coverage. The Rams are lined up in the same cover 2 zone defense as the play highlighted above. Stewart does an excellent job of keeping the receiver in front of him and makes the adjustment to align himself to make the tackle after the receiver catches the ball. Stewart misses the tackle with poor technique and allows the receiver to gain an additional couple of yards for the first down.
Conclusions so far…
In looking at the 17 plays in pass coverage, Darian Stewart appears to confirm the scouting reports. He is not strong in deep pass coverage and can play shallow coverage very well. He does like to hit like a linebacker, going for the big hit versus the sure tackle. Although not shown in this analysis, he is a solid run defender. The positives are that both the deep coverage ability and tackling are correctable mistakes.
In the next series, I will look at Darian Stewart during the 2011 season when the Ravens Secondary Coach Steve Spagnuolo was the head coach of the Rams. Do the Ravens have a play-maker on defense with the right coach?
Share this post on
I don't care what you call it, “Googorola” was awesome. That magical mish-mash of Android's core developers blended with the company that helped popularize that same platform all those years ago resulted in something which not only saved Motorola's life, but brought them back in a way unlike we've seen in any other manufacturer since. Though the partnership lasted less than two years (March 2012 – January 2014) the company under Google's leadership produced some truly incredible products. From the legendary Moto X to the beautiful Moto 360, it seemed like there was nothing this dynamic duo couldn't do.
With news filling the air of Google actually making the leap to purchase HTC, I'm left with a sense of nostalgia I haven't felt since Googorola hit the scene. It's no secret that Google has been using HTC for a while now to produce its first generation Pixel and Pixel XL handsets, but if Google actually moves in to acquire the company, this could be a whole new ball game.
Pure Pixel potential
Alright, sorry about all the alliteration, but seriously, hear me out. Why do you think people always say “iPhones just work”? It's because Apple has almost complete control of all software and hardware development of their phones. Sure, Foxconn actually produces the devices, but Apple only makes one to two phones a year, which allows them to be much more careful about quality control. They have hundreds of people in QA constantly testing to make sure that one yearly device is free of bugs and glitches, and they're able to build one operating system around one phone and worry about nothing else.
'Made by Google' was created to build trust between customers who were weary to purchase an Android device
Now, Google has kind of already started doing this. The whole “Made by Google” campaign was created to build trust between customers who were weary to purchase an Android device. Why do you think almost all of my friends have mistaken my Pixel for an iPhone? It's supposed to be simple. It's supposed to be recognizable. And most of all, it's supposed to be easy to use. The Pixel is just that, with its big, easy-to-see icons and incredibly fluid touch latency. These are aspects of the phone that don't get recorded on spec sheets, but they sure as hell bleed into the user experience.
Think back to the original Moto X. What made that phone so darn special? Sure, it was incredibly customizable, with Moto Maker (RIP) giving the customer thousands of possibilities to make their phone truly theirs. But what caused that phone to get such incredible reviews to the point where it remains one of my favorite phones of all time?
It was the experience.
Motorola wanted to make something that was easy to hold and easy to use… Scrolling through home screens and the app drawer was always smooth… Overall the Moto X is a very solid release that focuses more on what the phone actually does instead of just providing the specs and focusing on what it could do.
These are all quotes from our original Moto X review way back in 2013. It was obvious that Google and Motorola were focusing on making the experience as fluid as possible, and they seem to have to done that again with the Pixel line. Focusing processing power on fluid animations and touch latency is what makes a phone really shine to the mass consumer, and it is this core value smashed in the middle of a great software suite that has really helped Apple's iPhone succeed. And while we are already seeing the benefits of Google taking the reigns in terms of software and hardware design, actually owning the company could help elevate its devices to a whole new level.
A shift in philosophy
When Google made the move to purchase Motorola, it was a temporary maneuver. Officially, the company stated that it only purchased the Motorola to acquire its patents and keep them safe from the likes of Apple and Microsoft. Everyone thought it was a strange move. Wouldn't Google producing their own devices undermine all the other Android OEM's on the market? With Google developing software for use in such a wide range of phones, this seemed like the case, and in the end, it kind of was.
The Moto X was a nearly stock Android handset with a few software tweaks that benefited the user, not some bloated skin the company had developed in order to differentiate itself from competitors. But this very move was also the saving grace of the company, and helped Motorola to combat Samsung and others to create more diversity in the Android space.
With HTC completely under its wing, Google can start focusing on tailoring its OS to its own devices more than it ever has before
Now Google has changed its mind. Creating its own devices has become a new part of its core philosophy, and it's even gone so far as to hide the fact that HTC was manufacturing its devices. While you could argue that the Nexus line always represented what Google's baseline “true” experience was meant to be, working with different manufacturers almost every year caused the experience to shift every time the company introduced a new device. With HTC completely under its wing, Google can start focusing on tailoring its OS to its own devices more than it ever has before, and could even have its own engineers work with HTC's fabrication team to make sure Pixel devices are as refined and tailored to Android as the iPhone is to iOS.
The HTC question
Will Google still allow HTC to make phones, or will it pump all its resources into its own line of devices?
Here's where this purchase starts to get a little weird. If Google goes all in and purchases HTC, will it still allow HTC to make phones, or will it pump all its resources into its own line of devices? When Google bought Motorola, they were very straightforward that they were leaving the Moto brand alone but sending in their own team to help, going so far as to make their very own Dennis Woodside the new CEO of the company. By purchasing HTC, Google is either eliminating the company completely and switching it's focus on Pixel, or undermining the sales of its own devices with the sale of HTC branded phones.
Sure, all the cash would still flow into Google in the end, but HTC has always marketed themselves as a “premium” brand, just like Google is attempting to do with the Pixel line. Creating two different premium lines of phones would be a really, really weird thing for the company to do, and I just can't see Google undermining the sales of the Pixel with HTC-branded devices.
Now, it is possible that Google will re-work HTC to target the low-end market. Loads of companies have shown that you can create a perfectly acceptable experience with cheaper hardware. Heck, the recent announcement of the Xiaomi Mi A1 got us more excited than a lot of flagships have, simply because it offers great hardware and an awesome experience at a price that many, many more people can afford. If Google wants to keep the HTC branding around, they could always diversify their own portfolio by producing budget HTC devices that target a market that does not have the resources to pick up a Pixel device.
There's also the question of whether or not Google will actually keep the company, or just get them back on their feet and shoot them back into the world like they did with Motorola. While the latter was really just an acquisition of patents and an attempt to create more competition in the space, Google really needs a sole manufacturer this time around. It already seems pretty strange that Google is said to use LG for it's upcoming Pixel XL 2 device this year, especially when they are likely once again using HTC for their regularly sized Pixel 2. Doing this feels more like a Nexus move than a Pixel one, and if this deal actually goes through and Google decides to hold on to HTC, we'll probably see solely HTC-manufactured Pixel devices in the future, since all the costs would go directly through them.
Obviously this deal isn't set in stone. Everything is just speculation right now, but the potential of such a sale gets me really, really exited for Google's future as a manufacturer. Is it a little weird that they started making their own devices again? Sure. But something truly magical can happen when you have the power to control the hardware and software on your devices, and since Android is still an open-source operating system, this doesn't mean we will stop seeing competition from other OEM's on the market.
Remember - nothing's set it stone yet
What are your thoughts on the potential sale? There are still a lot of questions that have yet to be answered, and we'll have to wait and see where this goes in the near future. One thing is for sure though: I want to find love again in a phone every bit as magical as the Motorola Moto X.
Dr Edward Coyle (University of Texas) found that cyclists would need to ride at 15 mph for 20 miles in order to burn 620 calories (31 calories per mile). Whilst runners would burn this amount by running just 5.63 miles at any pace (110 calories per mile). This difference exists due to the number of resistances in cycling (mostly wind-resistance), which have an effect on total speed, and therefore on the amount of energy consumption. Where as runners will burn the same number of calories per mile, regardless of the speed they do it at.
[Coyle's research is based on the average-sized adult, of 155 pounds (11 stone).]
From this we can infer that, at the foundational level, true running does burn more calories than cycling.
However, this data is only comparable over distance, as you can ride much further than you can run.
Here is the above proposed results extrapolated into some of my average ride/ run distances. If I run, I usually tackle a 5 km or 10 km route as it's easiest to track my progress. Cycling is a little different, as routes and distance can change as your riding, but we'll use 15 and 30 miles as our example distances.
3.1 Mile (5 km) Run: 341 calories
6.2 Mile (10 km) Run: 682 calories
15 Miles (24.15 km) Bike Ride: 465 calories
30 Mile (48.3 km) Bike Ride: 930 calories
5 km takes a larger toll on my body than a 15 mile ride (even with hills), and the same would go for running 10 km over riding 30 miles.
If I were to only use this data set to choose whether I'd go riding or running, I'd always choose cycling. But this doesn't mean I'm going to.
Which ever you choose to do, on any day, will in some parts come down to the surrounding circumstances, e.g. weather, daily health, traffic conditions, and time constraints.
If I know I have work in the morning, but want some exercise, then a run makes more sense than spending an hour on the bike. And that's without the added hassle of getting ready and out.
Equally, if I'm feeling under the weather, then a bike ride is a much easier experience for me to consider.
In reality, both sports will burn calories. And the rate at which they do so isn't comparable, as both activities require different lengths of time. So really, it depends on how much time you have.
If we focus merely on the calorie consumption of each, and not the logistics of exercise, then we can highlight one of the trivialities of calorie culture. The truth of all of this is that, there are so many 'calorie conversion charts' and 'calorie calculators,' all with differing equations and methods, that it's hard to find a reliable source to evaluate our own data. So any argument based on calorie consumption seems pointless anyway.
At the end of the day, you'll get out what you put in.
[I chose the research of Dr Coyle as he has done extensive work in the fields of cycling and running, (and has been referenced by uncountable academic and informational articles) and therefore seemed a a trustworthy source.]
Depreciating value of rupee is not only a raging concern for the general public but more so for the booming Bollywood business. With a downfall in the Indian economy, the repercussions of it for all industries has largely been grim. However, it is hard to decipher whether Bollywood will lose more or gain higher by the prevalent economic scenario!
One of the most popular films in the last month, Chennai Express has earned over a 100 crores overseas. Garnering adulation as well as good moolah from the overseas market, the film has remained in the beneficial territory due to the dropping value of the rupee. The producers have earned greater from the overseas market. This is the foremost reason why the film managed to score above the earnings of 3 Idiots overseas though, the latter earned a whooping USD 25 million. But then again it will be a fallacy to say that this is an absolute win-win situation for the producers. While the returns indeed are higher, the investment amount will quadruple as well due to the hike in dollar price in terms of rupee.
Similarly, foreign locales will again be a hard reach for most Indian filmmakers. While late legendary director Yash Chopra popularized foreign locales in Indian cinema, filmmakers with a penny crunch will have to make do with local locales in order to save on the extra expenditure of travelling abroad. Picturesque locations of Europe might just become a distant fantasy, but there is a plus for it as we get to encounter more Indian locations on celluloid.
There is a theory that in times of economic crises, people usually resort to television and films for entertainment and that might be good news for Bollywood in general. One can expect a greater demand for films and the viewership might soar due to the same. Theorists often term this as escapist tendencies of the masses to seek refuge in surreal during hard times.
Producers are the bunch who have the chances of earning heavy from the downslide, mostly because their earnings overseas will supersede the investment. Earning a higher quote because of the rupee downfall, the producers will get higher cash-in-hand than the money they had put in the film, in case the venture does well in the global circuits.
Another hitch that stays is foreign talent will become more unattainable. Be it SRK looping in International singer Akon for a song in his film Ra.One or makers of Akshay Kumar starrer Thuppakki Remake who have signed Greg Powell action director the last James Bond flick Skyfall, such instances will become more feeble in the days to come. Definitely the foreign singers or technicians are paid in INR, it is less likely that they will settle for a lower price. The lower rupee strikes, the hard it will be to hire foreign talent for Indian producers. However, the good side of the same is that budding Indian talent will get noticed. While it has been a trend to outsource work in the foreign hands, ignoring many able Indian artistes, the recession-like conditions might be a fertile situation for Indian talent to show their prowess as there is a higher chance for them to get noticed.
Economic changes are a mixed bag for Bollywood. The bigger production houses might not be deterred much but the smaller fishes in the sea might be affected very severely as their projects might find itself in wobbly situations! The only solace for Bollywood can be that stressed times can hope to find an increase in the audiences!
Now, enjoy reading koimoi.com on your Android Smartphone. Download the FREE App right here.
After years of assassination attempts by various WoW-killers hitting the market, it's more clear than ever that World of Warcraft has not only weathered the storm, but continues to thrive even in the face of a declining model.
SuperData Research has a new set of numbers based on the most popular subscription MMOs still in existence, and it should surprise few that World of Warcraft doesn't just lead the list, it dominates it.
They have WoW bringing in over a billion dollars in revenue in 2013, with a 36% market share. It's next closest competitor is the big-in-Asia MMO, Lineage 1, with $253M in revenue and 9% of the market.
And what may be a surprise to many is that Star Wars: The Old Republic is actually #4 on the list, bringing in $165M in revenue last year. While much of the game went free-to-play after a disappointing debut, there's still a subscription model that has made the MMO profitable for EA. Often SWTOR is regarded as a cautionary tale in the industry in terms of bloated budgets, over-ambition and emulating competitors, but looking at the numbers, the game has evolved into a profitable enterprise for EA, and has made even its massive budget back at this point.
World of Warcraft's continued success is still the top story however, and continues to be a huge chunk of Activision's yearly profits. Subscription numbers have continued to drop as more and more gamers move on from the series, but expansions bring millions back periodically. The game has declined from its days of 15 million players, but it's usually hovering around seven million at this point. That may pale in comparison to the new guard of League of Legends with its 67 million monthly players, but it shows how valuable WoW's subscriptions still are. Microtransactions are well and good, but nothing beats a persistent $10-15 monthly payment.
This entire list is made up of games that have managed to hold on to their subscription base, and even if their total player numbers are dramatically less than new MMOs and MOBAs, showing the advantage of being subscription over F2P is substantial, at least in terms of potential profitability.
But again, you'll notice that most of the games on this list are quite old, and their playerbase has been grandfathered in for years. New games that try to use a subscription model from the ground floor have a much tougher time finding a foothold in today's market. It's easy for fans to look at a game like Elder Scrolls Online with an upfront box cost, a monthly subscription and microtransactions and wonder what they're thinking.
I also believe this is why Blizzard seems to be eternally delaying their mythical Project Titan , a game I'm not convinced will ever see the light of day at this point. We know few actual details about what the game is, or was supposed to be, but the running thought was that it was going to be another subscription MMO to come along and replace an aging World of Warcraft when that game eventually bit the dust. Since, then Titan has "gone back to the drawing board," and its current status is a relative mystery.
But I think WoW has performed far better, for far longer than Activision or Blizzard ever anticipated, and if it's still bringing in $1B in revenue as recently as last year, there's not exactly a crisis at hand where it needs an imminent replacement. And past that, I think Blizzard figured out that they couldn't even compete against their own game with a new subscription MMO, given that most of their rivals have tried and failed to topple WoW. Why fix what's broken, or invest hundreds of millions into a genre on the decline? I've no idea if Titan will ever materialize, but you can bet it won't be as a subscription MMO if it does.
Rather, I expect Blizzard to invest more into up-and-coming genres. They've done great work with Hearthstone so far, and in a sea of upcoming MOBAs, Heroes of the Storm is one of the few that looks like it could innovate in the genre substantially, and pressure competitors like DOTA 2 and League of Legends.
But for now, World of Warcraft continues to be a golden goose, one that has miraculously survived longer than anyone ever expected.
Follow me on Twitter, and on Facebook, and pick up a copy of my sci-fi novel, The Last Exodus, and its sequel, The Exiled Earthborn, along with my new Forbes book, Fanboy Wars.
How does Watch Dogs stack up to Grand Theft Auto? Check out my analysis below:
COLUMBUS, OHIO – The Columbus Blue Jackets have assigned goaltender Anton Forsberg to the American Hockey League's Springfield Falcons, club General Manager Jarmo Kekalainen announced today. Forsberg's Swedish Hockey League team, MODO Hockey, was eliminated from Le Mat Trophy contention last week.
Columbus' sixth pick, 188th overall, at the 2011 NHL Draft, Forsberg appeared in 22 games with MODO this season, going 10-8-4 while registering a goals-against-average of 2.44 and a save-percentage of .920 in addition to one shutout. In 2012-13, Forsberg appeared in 33 games with Sodertalje of HockeyAllsvenskan and posted 24 wins with a 2.04 GAA and .933 SV%.
A native of Harnosand, Sweden, Forsberg won a gold medal at the 2012 IIHF World Junior Championships in Alberta, Canada. He appeared in two games at the tournament, stopping 14 of the 15 shots he faced and earning one victory for Team Sweden.
The Blue Jackets return to action tonight when they visit the Montreal Canadiens. Game time from Bell Centre is 7:30 p.m. Live coverage on FOX Sports Ohio begins with the Blue Jackets Live pre-game show at 7 p.m. The game will also be broadcast live on the Blue Jackets Radio Network, including flagship station Sports Radio 97.1 The Fan, and online at BlueJackets.com.
Darrell Jones walked out of a courthouse Thursday afternoon after his release on bail more than 30 years after being convicted for a murder he always maintained he didn't commit.
The 50-year-old man left Brockton Superior Court, where he was found guilty in 1986 by an all-white jury and sentenced to life without the possibility of parole.
Surrounded by friends and family, he thanked lawyers, family members, and reporters who investigated his case. He said he plans to fight for justice for others and prison rights.
“I stayed in prison a long time. It was hard to get people to hear you,'' he said. “There is somebody else back in that jail that nobody is listening to that is probably innocent.”
Jones was out of prison on $5,000 bail after Superior Court Judge Robert Cosgrove made the decision to release him on the original bail required when the then-18-year-old was first charged in the 1985 murder of alleged Cuban drug dealer Guillermo Rodriguez.
The hearing came days after a different Superior Court judge, Thomas F. McGuire Jr., vacated Jones's conviction, ruling that the case was tainted by racial bias and misconduct. Jones is planning to move in with a Jesuit priest – whom he calls “Dad” — who has been serving as a friend and mentor for more than a decade.
“This is absolutely spectacular,'' said the Rev. William Barry who has secured a place, free of charge, in his religious retreat in a Boston suburb for Jones to live in for a year.
The Plymouth district attorney's office opposed Jones's release contending that it still had a strong case to either appeal McGuire's decision or reprosecute the case.
But Jones's attorney, Lisa Kavanaugh, argued that her client is not a flight risk because he wants to stick around to prove his innocence — and he has a “strong likelihood of winning.”
She also argued that Jones has “an extraordinary amount of support,” including Barry, a pro bono therapist he has been talking to for years, and family.
Jones filed a motion to reopen his case in 2015 based on allegations that police tampered with a videotaped interview of a key witness shown at his trial to remove exculpatory evidence.
He said the tape was key to his conviction because none of the eyewitnesses testified in court that they were sure Jones was the shooter.
Allegations of racial bias in the court were raised in a 2016 investigation by the the New England Center for Investigative Reporting and WBUR public radio. Juror Eleanor Urbati, a white Hingham resident who said she always regretted convicting Jones, told the center that two jurors had told her they thought the defendant was guilty because he was black.
McGuire, who now presides in Bristol County Superior Court, ruled on Jones's motion because he was seated in Plymouth when the motion was first filed.
He wrote that he first learned of allegations of racial bias when someone flagged the 2016 investigation and then requested Urbati and other jurors to detail what had occurred. The hearing came months after a US Supreme Court ruling that a trial judge must pry into typically secret discussions if there is evidence of racial bias.
Urbati, reached at home Thursday, said she was thrilled to hear about Jones's release. “I'm very happy for him,'' she said. “I told the truth.”
Jones's sister, Classie Howard, 53, who flew in from Texas for the last-minute hearing, said she could hardly believe her brother was finally walking out of the same courthouse he was convicted in. She said she was thrilled about his release but angry about the pain her family suffered. “It started here and it ended here,'' she said.
Jones spoke for a few minutes but was eager to get in a waiting car and leave Brockton.
“Keep the car warmed,” he said. “I want to get out of here.”
Jenifer McKim is a reporter for the New England Center for Investigative Reporting, a nonprofit news partner of WGBH News. Jenifer McKim can be reached at jenifer.mckim@necir.org. This story was co-published by the Boston Globe. For more information on the Jones investigation, go to necir.org.
Since 2006, CU has paid out more than $9 million in severance
Former Athletic Director Mike Bohn, who was forced to resign last month. (Paul Aiken)
Athletic department severance payments since 2006 Mike Bohn: $918,000
Jon Embree: $1.63 million Eric Bieniemy: $781,251 Total for Embree, Bieniemy and staff: $2.94 million
Gary Barnett: $3 million Total for Barnett and staff: $3.06 million
Dan Hawkins: $2.14 million Total for Hawkins and staff: $2.21 million
Kathy McConnell-Miller: $371,281 Total for McConnell-Miller and staff: $422,935
Bill Hempen: $30,354
Ricardo Patton: $177,119 Total for Patton and staff: $193,343
Overall total: $9.8 million in payouts*
*CU received a $500,000 payment from Jeff Bzdelik, who ended his contract early and took a coaching job at Wake Forest University in 2010. Including that, the university calculates its total payouts as $9.3 million instead of $9.8 million.
The University of Colorado athletic department is facing a $7.5 million budget shortfall as it searches for a new director to replace Mike Bohn, who was forced to resign last month.
Responding to a request for athletic department budget records following Bohn's ouster, finance officials told the Camera they're projecting a $7.5 million shortfall. CU's fiscal year closes June 30.
Since 2006, the department has made roughly $9.8 million in severance payments or agreements with former employees.
All of the buyouts for fired coaches and their staff members -- a sum of $8.88 million -- have been paid, CU officials said. The university is buying out Bohn's contract for $918,000 in three installments between July 1 and Jan. 1, 2015.
CU totals its severance expenses as being $9.3 million, though, because former head basketball coach Jeff Bzdelik paid back $500,000 after he broke his contract to take a job in 2010 at Wake Forest University.
Former University of Colorado head football coach Jon Embree. He was fired in November 2012. (CLIFF GRASSMICK)
Kelly Fox, chief financial officer for the Boulder campus, said the athletic department will not take out a new loan from the campus to cover Bohn's severance.
"We are not creating a new loan for (athletics)," said Fox, who added that she believes the budget shortfall is a short-term problem.
Even though CU officials have been clear that tuition revenue doesn't pay for buyouts, the amount of money distributed for athletic severance pay is concerning to Jerry Peterson, a physics professor and chairman of the Boulder Faculty Assembly.
"We all recognize that the Boulder campus is facing tight financial times, and that (nearly) $10 million -- even if it's over several years -- is a loss to academics," Peterson said.
Budget shortfall
Bohn indicated in a news conference following his ouster that he had three major athletic donations in the pipeline, and, because of donor confidentiality rules, it's uncertain if any of those gifts have been pulled and whether that could be contributing to athletics landing in the red.
Bohn, who declined to comment for this story, has said he balanced the budget every year except this year.
As the university approaches the end of its fiscal year, Fox said she's projecting the athletic department to have a shortfall partly because of the nearly $2.94 million in severance payments made following the firing of former head football coach Jon Embree and his staff.
Embree was paid $1.63 million, offensive coordinator Eric Bieniemy was paid $781,251 and several other coaches who were at-will employees received payments for up to three months when they left amid the coaching turnover.
CU spokesman Bronson Hilliard said other reasons the athletic department missed its budget mark include a $3.3 million drop in ticket sales, mostly in football. Hilliard said there was also a $1.3 million overrun in "miscellaneous expenses."
As part of the contract with incoming head football coach Mike MacIntyre, the university agreed to spend $1 million on a renovation for the football coaching offices. The CU president's office is giving $1 million to the athletic department for those renovations as well as $1.9 million over the course of four years to help compensate for the buyout of Embree and his staff.
Former University of Colorado head football coach Gary Barnett. In December 2005, Barnett was forced out and accepted a $3 million buyout. (CLIFF GRASSMICK)
Interim Athletic Director Ceal Barry -- who began the job June 3 -- said she will work to balance the budget going forward, but she had few details to offer, saying a plan is still in its early stages.
"We need to look at efficiencies," Barry said.
2012 athletics loan could be renegotiated
The athletic department is paying back two major loans to the campus.
Campus officials loaned $8 million in 2006 after Gary Barnett's $3.06 million buy-outs and a drop in ticket sales and, in 2012, the campus gave a $10 million bridge loan to help CU transition into the Pac-12.
Fox said the school may consider renegotiating the terms of the 2012 bridge loan to help athletics balance its budget. Whether that would be extending the six-year loan or changing the 2 percent interest rate is uncertain. Hilliard said the university will not consider forgiving any portion of the loan as the school renegotiates the terms.
Fox said the loans are made from emergency reserves, and the value of those sources is not lost because the loans are paid back with interest.
Asked whether the buyouts are placing a financial burden on the campus, Fox said they are "made for strategic reasons that benefit the university."
State law limits each university to six multi-year contracts at one time, and all of those jobs are now designated to CU's athletic department. They are: MacIntyre, head football coach; Kent Baer, football defensive coordinator; Tad Boyle, men's basketball coach; Linda Lappe, women's basketball coach; Liz Kritza, women's volleyball coach; and the vacant athletic director position.
In recent years, other CU athletics severance payments to coaches have included $2.14 million to former head football coach Dan Hawkins, $371,281 to former women's basketball coach Kathy McConnell-Miller and $30,354 to former soccer coach Bill Hempen.
Payments were also made to coaching staff members who, under Colorado law, are at-will employees eligible for up to three months of severance payments.
Contact Camera Staff Writer Brittany Anas at 303-473-1132 or anasb@dailycamera.com.
Responsive Type and More With Only CSS
Ryan Allen Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 25, 2014
Send me pics of your favorite spaceship design on Twitter, linkedin or dribble.
What Problem is This Solving?
I was recently working on a project for a client that required headlines to scale in response to the user's screen size for stylistic purposes. I knew that my usual method of setting units in rem wouldn't work as it is relative to the font-size of the root element html and not the user's screen size.
After searching the internet I found the solution I was looking for in the form of something called Viewport-Percentage Lengths.
Almost all the top search results for responsive typeography discussed using some form of javascript or setting dozens of breakpoints, which would just bloat my CSS and isn't very elegant. This seemed like a problem that should have been solved already so I kept searching.
I eventually came to an MDN article discussing data type which delved into relative sizes (rem and em), and further down the page I noticed something called Viewport-percentage lengths. This is exactly what I was looking for, I just didn't know what it was called!
How it Works
It is actually very simple. One unit is equal to 1% of either the viewport's width vw or height vh. You can also set a min and max with vmin and vmax.
1vw = 1% of viewport width
1vh = 1% of viewport height
1vmin = 1vw or 1vh, whichever is smaller
1vmax = 1vw or 1vh, whichever is larger
If the viewport is 100mm wide then 5vw == 5mm.
In the case of font-size: 5vw; a single letter takes this size, so in this example the em box is 5% of the screen width wide (5mm wide)
vmin and vmax are set like this:
section {
width: 100vmin; // Container width
background-color: #ff5442; // Dapper red
}
In the above example the section container fills up 100% of the screen width only if the screen is in a portrait view (taller than it is wide).
Demos
Here is an example of the font size scaling with the screen size with no breakpoints set. (I apologize but medium doesn't seem to allow me to embed the demos)
Here is a fun example I made showing a document page with a parisian-blue background that has a section container fill 90vm (90%) of the viewport's width and height with a simple orientation media query.
Not Just for Font Size
These units can be used for anything, not just font sizes. Instead of setting a container's width: 90%; you could set it to width: 90vw; like the above example.
Usage Across the Web
This is supported by most of the major browsers but not all of them. Internet Explorer doesn't support vmax and it has some issues on mobile. If you are successfully using this method in any of your projects let me know your thoughts.
Marcos Ayerza and Lachlan McCaffrey return to the Leicester Tigers forward pack for Sunday's Aviva Premiership Rugby Round 4 meeting with Bath Rugby at Welford Road.International prop Ayerza, who made his debut for the club against Bath in September 2006 and his 200starting appearance in the last home game against Wasps in Round 2, joins Dan Cole and captain Tom Youngs in the front row.McCaffrey lines up alongside Mike Williams and Brendon O'Connor in the back row after also missing the win at Newcastle Falcons last weekend.In the backline, Telusa Veainu moves to full-back, with Adam Thompstone coming into the back three.Mathew Tait is named among the replacements and is in line for his 100appearance for the club since his debut in 2011.Tickets for Tigers versus Bath Rugby are still available from the Tigers ticket office. Book in person at Welford Road or phone 0116 319 8888 (option 2) between 9am and 5pm Friday or Saturday, or from 9am on matchday. Or book online any time by clicking here 15 Telusa Veainu14 Adam Thompstone13 Peter Betham12 Owen Williams11 JP Pietersen10 Freddie Burns9 Ben Youngs1 Marcos Ayerza2 Tom Youngs (c)3 Dan Cole4 Mike Fitzgerald5 Graham Kitchener6 Mike Williams7 Brendon O'Connor8 Lachlan McCaffrey16 George McGuigan17 Ellis Genge18 Greg Bateman19 Ed Slater20 Will Evans21 Sam Harrison22 Jack Roberts23 Mathew Tait
We are excited to welcome a new member to the beastcoast family.
Tim “Honeybee” Commandeur is joining the organization today as our first Injustice player. Honeybee is a natural fit for the team; his exciting, fast paced play stunned viewers — ourselves included — at Evo.
The Toronto native is a relative newcomer to the FGC, having only started playing four years ago with the release of Injustice. Since that time, Honeybee has become a staple of the NRS community, putting up strong results across Injustice, Mortal Kombat X, and now Injustice 2. As the Injustice 2 Championship Series carries on, we look forward to helping Honeybee fight his way to the Finals at the end of September. Viewers can look forward to seeing Honeybee again at Summer Jam on August 11th. “
Cite
Identifier
http://nla.gov.au/nla.obj-230183036
APA citation
Richardson & Wrench & New South Wales. Department of Lands. (1898). Country lots, auction sale Crown lands Retrieved February 27, 2019, from http://nla.gov.au/nla.obj-230183036
MLA citation
Richardson & Wrench and New South Wales. Department of Lands. Country lots, auction sale Crown lands Sydney, N.S.W: Compiled, drawn and printed at the Department of Lands, 1898. Web. 27 February 2019 <http://nla.gov.au/nla.obj-230183036>
Harvard/Australian citation
Richardson & Wrench & New South Wales. Department of Lands. 1898, Country lots, auction sale Crown lands Compiled, drawn and printed at the Department of Lands, Sydney, N.S.W viewed 27 February 2019 http://nla.gov.au/nla.obj-230183036
Wikipedia citation
{{Citation
| author1=Richardson & Wrench.
| author2=New South Wales. Department of Lands.
| title=Country lots, auction sale Crown lands
| publication-date=1898
| publisher=Compiled, drawn and printed at the Department of Lands
| url=http://nla.gov.au/nla.obj-230183036
| accessdate=27 February 2019
}}
Citations are automatically generated and may require some modification to conform to exact standards.
Concerns are growing that North Korea will mark this week's 71st anniversary of the founding of its Workers' Party with fireworks. After five nuclear tests in a decade, the biggest and most recent in August, a sixth may be in the offing: satellite pictures show increased activity near the tunnels of the Punggye-ri nuclear test site. South Korea is maintaining a “quasi-emergency posture”. Whether a device is exploded or not, missile tests will surely continue—with nearly two dozen this year. Kim Jong-un's regime seems to be making rapid progress in attempts to combine a nuclear warhead and targeting technology with a missile capable of striking mainland America; it may be only a few years away. What can America do about it? Pre-emptive strikes, though talked about, would be crazy, given cosmopolitan Seoul's vulnerability to massive retaliation. But financial sanctions on Mr Kim's odious regime could be tightened much further.
LONDON — While many of us are hunkering down for the winter and investing in some heavy knits to see us through the chilly climes, spare a thought for our poor feathered friends.
Battery hens, which have spent most if not all of their lives in cages to maximize laying eggs, have trouble acclimatising to normal outdoor conditions once they are released. (Their name comes from the rows and rows of connected cages that share dividing walls, just like the cells in a battery.) The hens' lack of feathers might not be a problem during the warmer summer months, but when temperatures begin to plummet, the chill sets in.
Nicola Congdon, a 25-year-old from Falmouth in Cornwall, England, came up with an adorably genius substitute about six months ago: knitting woolly jumpers to help keep her chickens warm this winter. She has about 60 chickens, but 30 of them are former battery hens. (The others are free-range and have been all their lives.)
These chickens won't be feeling the cold this winter.
“It's important to make people aware of the poor conditions the hens live in and the fact that they have no feathers when they are retired," Congdon told Mashable. "The tank tops are also something really different that provide some fun for the chickens. They keep them warm and makes the chickens easy to identify.”
Nicola and her mum, Ann, are now receiving special requests for jumpers from hen-keepers near and far. Instead of selling the tank tops for profit, she said the money goes to an AIDS orphanage in South Africa.
Here's hoping they knit some matching human-sized jumpers, too.
MADRID (Reuters) - A poll published on Sunday showed that leftist upstart Podemos was again in the lead to win Spain's next general election, which could result in the formation of party pacts, or even the country's first coalition government.
The Metroscopia poll of 1000 people, published in the left-leaning newspaper El Pais, showed one-year-old Podemos (We Can) would take 28.2 percent of the vote, up from 25 percent in December when it fell back to second place behind the Socialists. Podemos stood at 10.7 percent of the vote when it was first included last August.
Spain has a general election due by the end of the year and a regional and municipal election expected in May. Most of those who told Metroscopia they would vote for Podemos said they believed Spain needed to get rid of its two-party system.
Podemos has leveraged discontent over corruption in the political class and high unemployment by portraying the two big parties — the Socialists and the centre-right People's Party (PP) — as having vested interests in maintaining the status quo while ordinary people suffer the consequences of a gruelling economic crisis.
The poll showed the Socialists had slipped to 23.5 percent of the vote, from 27.7 percent in December, while the ruling centre-right People's Party (PP) continued to decline with a 19.2 percent share versus 20 percent in December.
That is less than half the PP's 44.6 percent backing at the last general election in November 2011, followed by the Socialists with 28.7 percent.
The fragmentation has led to talk of pacts or a coalition, although there has been no coalition government since Spain's return to democracy in the 1970s. Socialist leader Pedro Sanchez recently ruled out a “grand coalition” with the PP.
Podemos is an anti-establishment party which is widely considered to be leftist, although the party itself says such traditional ways of describing politics are no longer valid.
Its leaders have allied themselves with Syriza in Greece and in a provisional manifesto the party said it wanted to cut the working week and raise the minimum wage. But it has backed off from more radical plans such as nationalizing Spain's utilities.
However, pollsters have warned of the difficulty of estimating seats in congress given Podemos did not exist at the last general election, and another party, Cuidadanos (Citizens), projected to take 8 percent of the vote, only operated in the Catalonia region at the last election but is now a voter option nationwide.
Many analysts also believe there is a latent PP vote which does not surface in polls. Right-leaning newspaper La Razon last weekend, gave the PP as winner.
Holly MacKenzie - Raptors.com
Bruno Caboclo's rookie season was about learning. Arriving in Toronto shortly after the Raptors selected him with the 20th overall pick in the 2014 NBA Draft, Caboclo's NBA education began. It continues this summer.
When Masai Ujiri met with the media after Toronto's season had ended, he said this offseason would be an important one for Caboclo. While fans chanted his name during blowout wins, eager to see him play, the organization knew the biggest focus for the 19-year-old rookie in Year One wouldn't take place on the basketball court.
For Caboclo, this season has largely been about learning English as well as basketball terminologies he hadn't heard before. The jump to the NBA is big for every player. Unknown prior to the draft, Caboclo went from playing for Pinheiros, a team in Brazil, to the best league in the world. His introductory press conference with Toronto media was his first media scrum. With translator at his side and a shy smile plastered on his face, Caboclo tried to express his excitement about the challenge ahead.
Although he didn't see much in-game action, Caboclo spent the season working closely with Raptors assistant Jama Mahlalela. It made for a packed schedule. Caboclo's English is vastly improved and he is now comfortable joking with his teammates. He's learning the NBA game and what is expected of him now that he's playing in the sport's top league. Mahlalela and Caboclo adhered to a strict schedule geared toward teaching good habits.
Caboclo had two stints with the team's NBA Development League affiliate, but spent the majority of the year with the team is in Toronto. After practices, he would generally be the final player to leave the court, working on free throws or ball-handling with an assistant coach. When his teammates were preparing for the night's opponent, Caboclo was preparing for the busiest day in his schedule, including a late-night face-off against an unexpected training partner well after the conclusion of Raptors home games.
Noon
On game days, Caboclo gets to the arena at noon. While the rest of his teammates generally arrive around 4:30 p.m. for a walkthrough, Caboclo is in at noon to do an hour of ballhandling and shooting. Caboclo meets Mahlalela and another assistant coach to rebound and the three listen to music while he worked. The goal of the morning session is to get as many game shots in as possible. After the workout is finished, he is sent home to eat lunch and rest for an hour.
3:30 p.m
Returning to the gym around 3:30 p.m., Caboclo begins his pre-game workout, spending 30 minutes on the court before the team walkthrough. This workout incorporates shooting and individual work, but also one-on-one. Midway through the season, James Johnson began joining Caboclo.
“For Bruno that's amazing,” Mahlalela said. “James is a great defender, so for Bruno to understand the space, the angles, we coach him through it, give him details through it. Then to defend J.J. is huge [for Bruno]. He's a strong guy and Bruno has to use the strength he has and build it up.”
4:00 p.m.
After getting food in the dining area off of the team's locker room, Caboclo goes through the walkthrough with his teammates before heading back upstairs to the practice court.
5:00 p.m.
Working with strength coach Johnny Lee and director of sports science Alex McKechnie, this session is a half hour of conditioning and strength training. Following the half hour, he will usually return to the main court and get in more work on his handle.
6:00 p.m.
For the games where Caboclo was inactive, he would meet with coaches and watch pre-game film after getting dressed in a suit to sit on the bench. The purpose of the pre-game film viewing is for the rookie to get familiar with the team's plays, but also to learn the tendencies of opponents he didn't get to regularly watch while living in Brazil.
“I tell him he's always learning,” Mahlalela said. “Even when you're not playing, this is educationally a huge year for you. Learn NBA terminology, learn NBA players, who is Kevin Martin, who is Andrew Wiggins, get to know them, see them, you're going to play them in a few years so be ready.”
10:30 p.m.
Caboclo spent games on the bench for the Raptors. What fans didn't see were the post-game workouts on the practice court where Johnson would meet his rookie for yet another workout. Switching his suit for practice gear, the two would have another round of basketball before finally calling it a day around 11:15 p.m.
“Just recognizing how good he was and wanting a one-on-one parter [is how the joint workouts started],” Johnson said. “Someone I can play one-on-one with that's going to make us both better. [Caboclo is] long and athletic. He's a tough kid. I know I didn't have any of that when I was a rookie. When I wasn't playing I was just down and out. To find him, I'd say we kind of found each other.”
Outside of the coaching staff, no one has seen more of Caboclo's improvement this season than Johnson.
“He's only 18, 19, but he works out every day, he trains every day and works like he's been in the league for years,” Johnson said. “That's a credit to his professional team back home where he's from. Not a lot of U.S. kids get that opportunity. He was already a pro. He already has the mindset of a pro.”
One of the reasons Johnson likes working out with Caboclo is the 7-foot-7 wingspan.
“Most of the moves I can do on a lot of people, offensively in the game, I can't make on Bruno,” Johnson said. “If I can make a good move on Bruno, I know it'll work on 85, 90 percent of the guys in the NBA.”
While there's still plenty to learn for Caboclo, coaches raved about his work ethic throughout the season. Early to the arena and late to leave, he's eager to soak up whatever basketball knowledge he can. Sometimes that means hanging out in the locker room or team lounge area, picking his teammates' brains and learning slang words to add to his English dictionary.
“He's usually asking if we can start earlier and I have to tell him, ‘No, we have to preserve your body,'” Mahlalela said. “He has the passion to want to get better. And for someone who is not playing, he's dealing with it so well.”
Caboclo might seem quiet standing in front cameras or when surrounded by media, but Johnson said he opened up to the team as the season went on. Asked how the end of the season compared to be beginning, Caboclo said the biggest difference for him is his ability to be able to communicate with his teammates.
Ujiri shared that Caboclo came into the season weighing 207 pounds. Sticking to the training and eating regimen prescribed to him by the team has him up to 221 pounds.
“He's tough,” Johnson said. “He's gotten stronger. He loves contact. That's rare for a young kid that wants to go in there and take the shoulder hits. Usually they're frail and just want to throw stuff up, but he likes the contact and he likes to go find it.”
Since his first day arriving in Toronto, Mahlalela has been working with Caboclo. Through summer league in Las Vegas to workouts in Vancouver, the daily grind in Toronto and road workouts during the season, the two have spent chunks of their days together. As Caboclo grows on and off court, Mahlalela has been there to observe it.
“He's really finding his way through,” Mahlalela said. “It's one of the most difficult things to do, transition to the NBA as a young man, where he's coming from. He puts one foot in front of the next every single day and he's figuring it out. I'm really proud of him.”
Immigration hawk Stephen Miller, who will serve as President-elect Donald Trump's senior policy advisor, has been tapped to write Trump's inaugural address, Politico reports.
Miller, a former aide to Republican Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, joined Trump's campaign in January and helped craft many of the president-elect's speeches, including his address at the July Republican convention. Miller is known as an immigration hawk and a detractor of current trade policies. After Miller was named Trump's senior policy advisor, conservative author Ann Coulter told The Daily Caller, “We're one step closer to my dream of having Stephen Miller run the country.”
Politico reports that the inaugural address will attempt to try to unite Americans by framing Trump's agenda as nationalistic rather than ideological. The report says that the areas in which Trump will call for Americans to unite around are education, infrastructure, military and economic strength, border security, and outsourcing of jobs.
Trump spoke about similar themes during the RNC speech that Miller wrote. Trump declared, “I am your voice,” during that address and promised that “law and order” will return during his administration.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A royal was in a suspected paedophile ring being investigated by police before an Establishment cover up, it was claimed.
A former Metropolitan Police officer said he was told a member of the Queen's family and an MP had both been identified as part of a major child abuse inquiry.
But the operation is said to have been shut down by the Crown Prosecution Service for national security reasons.
The claim came as the Met's deputy assistant commissioner made a fresh appeal for victims of historic child sex abuse to come forward, and vowed: “We'll go where the evidence takes us.”
The ex-officer told the Sunday Mirror how a named detective sergeant based at London's Marylebone police station in the late 1980s spoke to him about the investigation and the fact it had been axed.
The former officer said: “I was in a car with two other vice squad officers. They were discussing a madam who had provided a girl of about 15 to Oliver Reed.
“The detective sergeant said he had just had a major child abuse investigation shut down by the CPS regarding a royal and an MP.
"He did not mention names, but he said the CPS had said it was not in the public's interest because it ‘could destabilise national security'.”
The former officer added: “What I was told has stayed with me to this day.”
The Sunday Mirror has been given the names of his two colleagues and the officer we spoke to said he was passing his information to the police.
Sir Allan Green, Director of Public Prosecutions, when the probe was said to have been axed, told us he was not aware of any paedophile investigations shut down for national security reasons.
But he said had been asked by a “senior person” if he had heard anything about an MP being involved in child abuse. He said he had not.
Sir Allan would not name the MP, but said he has since died. He refused to say what year he was approached or if the interrogator worked for the CPS.
Reed was never prosecuted over underage sex. The probe into the madam was separate to the paedophile ring.
(Image: PA)
Meanwhile the Met again insisted it was pursuing claims of abuse no matter who was said to be involved.
Deputy Assistant Commissioner Steve Rodhouse said: “We have seen lots of allegations of cover-ups, and I think it's helpful people are coming forward. We will go where the evidence takes us, without fear or favour, I think that is what the public expect.”
Last week it was announced the Independent Police Complaints Commission is investigating 14 separate referrals spanning four decades, amid cover-up claims.
The claims - referred to the IPCC by the Met – allege the force suppressed evidence, hindered or halted investigations and covered up offences because of the involvement of MPs and police officers.
Sarah Green, deputy chairman of the IPCC, said: “I would like to reassure people our investigations will be thorough and robust.”
Former Met deputy commissioner Albert Laugharne said that, while head of Lancashire police, he had been asked by a DPP officer to lie about allegations involving the late Lib dem MP Cyril Smith, later unmasked as a paedophile.
A surveillance operation that unmasked Leon Brittan's links to child sex abuse is said to have been shut down by Met detectives.
The Sunday Mirror revealed earlier this year how the former Home Secretary was snapped by officers during a 1986 investigation into rent boy orgies run in North London buildings.
But the day before swoops on alleged suspects were due to be carried out, officers on Operation Orchid were told it had been disbanded.
Now the Sunday Mirror and Exaro, a news investigation website, can reveal this is among 14 cover-up allegations against the Met passed to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
A police source told Exaro: “I am surprised this did not happen much earlier.”
Paedophile MP Cyril Smith and top judges were also believed to have been photographed entering the underage sex dens. Sources claim up to 16 high profile figures were due to be arrested.
Brittan was under investigation by the Met over sex abuse allegations at the time of his death in January.
Earlier this month, detectives raided two of his homes.
Israel released an Israeli Arab administrative detainee on Thursday after state prosecutors decided not to press charges against him.
Mohammed Khaled Ibrahim, an Israeli citizen, had spent 11 months in jail without ever being charged. Haaretz first reported Ibrahim's story four months ago.
Ibrahim, a computer technician and resident of the Western Galilee village of Kabul, was investigated last summer for a month. Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman signed an order on June 6 to place him under administrative detention and to put him behind bars for 6 months. Lieberman also signed two three-month extensions. Ibrahim was set free on Thursday because the Haifa District court ruled last month that he should be released if the state didn't indict him by April 20, which it failed to do.
“Freedom has no price,” said Ibrahim while leaving the Megiddo Prison, outside which his family and dozens of neighbors, acquaintances and supporters, among them Sheik Ra'ad Salah, the head of the outlawed Northern Branch of the Islamic Movement. Ibrahim said that he knew he had not committed any crime and that his arrest was simply an attempt at intimidating him.
As an Israeli citizen, Ibrahim's administrative detention is a very exceptional move. Israeli Arab citizens have not been put in administrative detention for decades, although some East Jerusalem residents have.
“I am known as a religious man and as someone who supports maintaining a presence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque,” he said, referring to the Jerusalem holy site. “The whole investigation focused on this issue, and I made it clear that I didn't commit any crime and I am at peace with my worldview.” Ibrahim stressed that he supports the hunger striking Palestinian prisoners, and said he thought it important that the issue remain at the top of the public agenda.
Ibrahim's family waged a campaign for months among Israeli Arabs with the help of a locally established popular committee to secure his release. Attorney Omar Khamaisi of the Al Mezan Center for Human Rights, which helped the Ibrahim family during his detention, said that Ibrahim's release after 11 months without trial or indictment proves once again that the arrest was arbitrary, and that there was no real justified reason for the arrest. He stressed that the claim that Ibrahim constitutes a threat to state security is unfounded.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
“The time has come to stop this policy of administrative arrests,” he said. “If the authorities want to engage in enforcement, then things need to be handled transparently, and the arrestee and his lawyers should be able to fight the claims in court.” He added prisoners should not be held “based on classified material that no one knows how reliable it is.”
UPDATE (3/13/12): After public pressure, PayPal has revised their policy censoring publishers of erotic ebooks. We are pleased with the new, speech-friendly policy. See our press release, PayPal's statement, and a statement from the National Coalition Against Censorship.
PayPal, which plays a dominant role in processing online sales, has taken full advantage of the vast and open nature of the Internet for commercial purposes, but is now holding free speech hostage by clamping down on sales of certain types of erotica. As organizations and individuals concerned with intellectual and artistic freedom and a free Internet, we strongly object to PayPal functioning as an enforcer of public morality and inhibiting the right to buy and sell constitutionally protected material.
Recently, PayPal gave online publishers and booksellers, including BookStrand.com, Smashwords, and eXcessica, an ultimatum: it would close their accounts and refuse to process all payments unless they removed erotic books containing descriptions of rape, incest, and bestiality. The result would severely restrict the public's access to a wide range of legal material, could drive some companies out of business, and deprive some authors of their livelihood.
Financial services providers should be neutral when it comes to lawful online speech. PayPal's policy underscores how vulnerable such speech can be and how important it is to stand up and protect it.
The topics PayPal would ban have been depicted in world literature since Sophocles' Oedipus and Ovid's Metamorphoses. And while the books currently affected may not appear to be in the same league, many works ultimately recognized for their literary, historical, and artistic worth were reviled when first published. Books like Ulysses and Lady Chatterley's Lover were banned as “obscene” in the United States because of their sexual content. The works of Marquis de Sade, which include descriptions of incest, torture, and rape, were considered scandalous when written, although his importance in the history of literature and political and social philosophy is now widely acknowledged.
The Internet has become an international public common, like an enormous town square, where ideas can be freely aired, exchanged, and criticized. That will change if private companies, which are under no legal obligation to respect free speech rights, are able to use their economic clout to dictate what people should read, write, and think.
PayPal, and the myriad other payment processors that support essential links in the free speech chain between authors and audiences, should not operate as morality police.
Signed by:
Access
ACLU of California
American Booksellers Foundation for Free Expression
American Society of Journalists and Authors
Article 19
Association of American Publishers
Association of American University Presses
Authors Guild
BannedWriters.com
Bill of Rights Defense Committee
Bytes for All, Pakistan
Comic Book Legal Defense Fund
Coming Together, charity publisher
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Feminists for Free Expression
Fight for the Future
Great Lakes Independent Booksellers Association
Independent Book Publishers Assn.
Index on Censorship
Internet Archive
National Coalition Against Censorship
New Atlantic Independent Booksellers Association
New England Independent Booksellers Association
Northern California Independent Booksellers Association
Pacific Northwest Booksellers Association
Peacefire
PEN American Center
Reporters Without Borders
Southern California Independent Booksellers Association
Southern Independent Booksellers Alliance
Tunisian Association for Digital Freedom
Unlimited Publishing, LLC
Woodhull Sexual Freedom Alliance
Malware that disables computers and demands that hefty cash payments be paid to purported law-enforcement agencies before the machines are restored is extorting as much as $5 million from end-user victims, researchers said.
The estimate, contained in a report published on Thursday by researchers from antivirus provider Symantec, is being fueled by the mushrooming growth of so-called ransomware. Once infected, computers become unusable and often display logos of local law-enforcement agencies, along with warnings that the user has violated statutes involving child pornography or other serious offenses. The warnings then offer to unlock the computers if users pay a fine as high as $200 within 72 hours.
"A lot of individuals do pay up, either because they believe the messages or because they realize it is a scam but still want to restore access to their computer," Symantec's 16-page report explained. "Unfortunately, even if a person does pay up, the fraudsters often do not restore functionality. The only reliable way to restore functionality is to remove the malware."
The report identified at least 16 different ransomware versions spawned by competing malware gangs. Many are completely different families of malware, rather than multiple variants of the same family, and most have their own unique behavior. Many use freely available geographic location services to determine where each infected computer is and based on that information display law-enforcement logos and ransom demands that are local to that user. Demands frequently carry threats of arrest if victims don't pay promptly, usually by using electronic payment systems to purchase an unlock code.
The Symantec researchers penetrated the command-and-control server of one ransomware scam. Over a period of about a month, between September to October, 68,000 unique IP addresses connected. During a single day during that time, there were 5,700 connections, and of those 168 entered what appeared to be valid unlock codes. Assuming 2.9 percent of the overall 68,000 infections paid the $200 fee, that would have net more than $394,000, although the scammers would have lost a percentage of that as they attempted to launder the money. The Symantec report doesn't explain precisely how the overall $5 million estimate was reached. Presumably, it is the result of factoring in the remaining ransomware operations.
The organization and proliferation of the scam has come a long way since the early days of ransomware several years ago. Back then, similar malware scams were limited mostly to Russia and Eastern Europe and often contained warnings in Russian that purported to be activation screens from Microsoft. Over time, the warnings began to make claims that users were in violation of local pornography laws and migrated west, to Germany, the UK, and Austria. More recently, the US and Canada have also been increasingly hit by the campaigns.
In some cases, the gangs operating the scams are also responsible for highly profitable operations that use malware to carry out bank fraud, indicating just how far ransomware has come.
"The individuals responsible for it are clearly professional criminals, and for them to have expanded into the distribution of ransomware is a sign of the profitability behind the scam," the researchers wrote.
A Jewish militant who provoked rioting in Hebron and outrage in the Muslim world when she put up posters depicting the prophet Mohammed as a pig was convicted today of committing an act of racism and trying to offend religious feelings.
Standing in a white T-shirt as the verdict was pronounced at the Jerusalem District Court, Tatyana Suskin, 26, wept as the judge, Zvi Segal, read for more than an hour from his 63-page judgment.
A follower of the outlawed anti-Arab group Kach and an immigrant from the former Soviet Union, Miss Suskin was also found guilty of supporting a terrorist group and endangering life by stoning an Arab car.
She faces a maximum penalty of 26 years in prison, although sentencing was put off to a later date.
Miss Suskin was arrested in June after she plastered posters on storefronts in the Palestinian-ruled part of Hebron that depicted Mohammed as a pig stamping on a Koran.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Pigs are considered unclean by Islam, and the eating of pork is forbidden under Muslim religious law.
The worst fears are coming true. Your sensitive private data may be up online turning you into a potential target of frauds. What is all the more dangerous is that you may be not even aware of this.
An investigation by the Business Standard has revealed that various state and central government departments have already started putting up citizen's personal details such as bank accounts and income on websites. The rationale behind the move is bringing about transparency.
The report also provides details of two persons, which the reporters could access online - a 25-year-old from Haryana and another farmer from Uttar Pradesh.
In the first instance, the paper got the details from the state government website which has published all the details as the youth is a beneficiary of the NREGS.
The Haryana government made public the details of the NREGS beneficiaries in its bid to bring about transparency. In Rural Development Minister Jairam Ramesh's words, the aim is to make available all these data for public scrutiny.
In the second instance, the paper has obtained the occupation and yearly income, ration card number, full address, age, father's/husband's name, category and poverty status of the farmer. These details are available online as the state government is computerising the public distribution system.
If you thought, not everybody's data will be made public this way, you are wrong, because before long the details of all the beneficiaries of direct benefit transfer will also be published online.
Though the Information Technology Act does not permit publishing sensitive personal financial details online, there is an exception if such information is come under Right to Information Act.
At the face of it transparency is a lame excuse to publish such data. How can the government provide all the details, including the bank account details of its citizen, at a time when cyber crime has increased many-fold.
And nobody knows the gravity of the situation better than the government. Minister of State for Communications & IT Milind Deora recently told Lok Sabha that this year until June as many as 78 government websites were hacked.
Citing Indian Computer Response Team (CERT-In) data he said in 2011 as many as 308 government sites were hacked and in 2012 the figure was 371.
The number of security breach incidents in 2011 stood at 13,301 and in 2012 at 22,060. The corresponding figure for this year until June has already hit 16,035, he said. Security breach included incidents related to spam, malware infection and system break-in.
In such an environment, the governments' transparency drive comes at the cost of personal security.
The problem with making public details such as date of birth and names of family members is that it helps the hackers crack passwords. Most of the people have such details as their passwords and pins, the BS report says.
Sunil Abraham of Centre for Internet and Society rightly says in the BS report, "If people start publishing information like these and the government doesn't regulate it through a data protection law, criminal minds can harvest and combine all databases accurately."
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The legal profession continues to steal our sovereignty
As the Supreme Court hears oral arguments in the case of Obama's executive amnesty today, it's important to remember that even if there is enough remaining sanity on that bench to uphold the 5th Circuit Court's injunction against the illegal action, in the long run the courts are a much bigger liability than asset. And the 5th Circuit also happens to be the only remaining originalist panel on the federal appeals level.
Our states, and even the federal government, have been rendered impotent in defending against illegal immigration and violent drug cartels. The legal profession across the board has crowned itself king of our sovereignty and has been empowered to litigate every single deportation. Whether it's ICE or state law enforcement, they have to spend endless hours and resources defending every last deportation in court. Even in the best case scenario (for conservatives), law enforcement gets a hearing before a judge that still upholds the law, but are deterred from further pursuing enforcement because of the endless judicial trench warfare. In the worst case scenario, the judges “overturn” the laws.
Here are two more examples from this past week:
States Cannot Punish Those Who Harbor Illegal Alien Gang Members
In 2015, confronted with the massive surge in Central Americans at the southeastern corner of the state, Texas officials passed House Bill 11. This bill was designed to combat human trafficking by slapping criminal penalties on those who encourage illegal aliens to enter the country or harbor immigrants as members of a street gang. But the George Soros-funded Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund (MALDEF) filed a lawsuit on grounds that the Texas law is preempted by federal law, even though Texas was upholding federal law.
Last Thursday, Judge David Allan Ezra of the Western District of Texas issued an injunction on three sections of the state's law. He based his decision, in part, on the specious “preemption” argument posited by the six liberals on the Supreme Court in the 2011 case involving the Arizona law. But as Scalia so clearly articulated in his dissent, states have full authority to restrict illegal immigration so long as that action is not expressly prohibited by federal statutes. In all of these cases, such action either complements or adds to federal laws. “The State has the sovereign power to protect its orders more rigorously if it wishes, absent any valid federal prohibition,” wrote Justice Scalia in 2012. “The Executive's policy choice of lax federal enforcement does not constitute such a prohibition.”[i]
Scalia further noted that immigration laws were never designed to hamper the states. “The naturalization power was given to Con­gress not to abrogate States' power to exclude those they did not want, but to vindicate it,” wrote Scalia in that same dissent. His voice will surely be missed in today's fight between Texas and the Obama administration over whether the state has standing to fight executive amnesty.
ACLU Sues to Release Thousands of Illegals into Our Communities
As radical as the Obama administration is with regard to suspending deportations, the legal profession is working to invalidate the few remaining enforcement measures ICE has retained. Last Tuesday, the ACLU filed a class action lawsuit in Minnesota against ICE, claiming they are detaining thousands of illegal aliens for too long. In a disturbing trend of abusing our asylum laws, thousands of them are claiming fear of persecution under the Convention Against Torture protection if they are returned home. Ironically, the only reason they are being detained and not deported is precisely because our system is clogged with so many aliens gratuitously offered a day in court to overturn their deportation. Again, our own generosity is used against us and our nation's sovereignty.
According to Law360, the ACLU also filed a class action suit in California “to force the federal government to consider a detainee's ability to pay when setting bond in immigration cases.” Illegal immigrants have no right to remain in the country, yet courts are increasingly granting them a right to bail, even though they represent the consummate flight risk. The ACLU is now feasting off of years of lawless court decisions to further steal our sovereignty. Even if the federal courts decline to side with the ACLU this time, they will easily make the jump within a few years to invalidate all of the detentions. There is a voracious army of immigration lawyers prepared to litigate every last illegal alien into citizenship.
Irrespective of how the Supreme Court rules in the DAPA case, conservatives would be wise to declare war on judicial amnesty, which will make executive amnesty look like child's play.
[i] Arizona v. United States, 567 U.S. ___, 132 S. Ct. 2492 (Scalia, J., dissenting, slip op. at 13)(2012)
The Arlington Heights neighborhood in Milwaukee. Dori/Wikimedia Commons
Matthew Desmond's Evicted, which won the Pulitzer Prize in general nonfiction on Monday, is a deeply humanizing and empathetic book about poverty. And while many readers may be learning about it for the first time, its influence on housing experts has been, as far as I can tell, enormous.
It's not that Desmond pioneered the idea that, as the Pulitzer foundation puts it, evictions “were less a consequence than a cause of poverty.” But he does give it pathos. And that makes a difference. According to Desmond, after Sen. Elizabeth Warren read the chapter in Evicted about how nuisance ordinances were causing women to get evicted for reporting abuse, she drafted a letter to then–Housing and Urban Development Secretary Julián Castro suggesting the department issue guidance to local communities on whether their laws might violate the Fair Housing Act.
In the days leading up to his senate confirmation hearing, new HUD Secretary Ben Carson paid a visit to Ohio Sen. Sherrod Brown. They talked about Evicted. At Carson's hearing, Brown told the surgeon that he hoped he would read the book. “I know that several of your staff has already.”
In short, Evicted is the book that everyone who thinks about housing for a living has been reading or giving to their friends. At a workshop for housing journalists I attended last month at Harvard's Nieman Foundation, Chris Herbert, the director of the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies, quoted Desmond twice.
The portraits Desmond gives of impoverished tenants in Milwaukee—and the landlords and moving companies who profit off their struggles—have become many experts' first anecdotes to describe the rental affordability crisis in American cities.
Narratively, I think we're inclined to see an eviction as an end, as the final blow for a family that has slipped behind on rent, or as a kind of effect coming after a cause (health problems, job loss, money trouble). But Desmond shows it's just the beginning, a doorway into a world of housing instability. Once you've been evicted once, you're condemned to a set of housing options worse (though not necessarily cheaper) than the alternatives, where landlords can turn away evictees.
In education policy, scholars like to say “ZIP code is destiny,” and something like that is true of housing too, although on an even more granular scale than the ZIP code. Stable housing creates better life outcomes from health to education to job stability. The cycle of evictions may stem from poverty, but it definitely ensures its persistence. There's better evidence that eviction leads to job loss than the other way around.
Read Desmond's interview with Slate here, or buy his book here.
The Ghost Inside started with no agenda. No intentions and no expectations. We just wanted to play music and have fun doing it. To have a few laughs and make a few memories. I never thought about the future of it. I honestly didn't think there was gonna be much of a future for it. I didn't think that this would become my entire life. And I especially didn't think something that I would be a part of would be so impactful on so many people.
People always ask me how I could still be doing this after all these years? If I'm still having fun with it? What else is there left to do and when I'm gonna be done? Truthfully, I think about those questions a lot.
I've seen the world. I've toured with all my favorite bands. I've made my mark on this music scene. I have my memories. I've made so much lifelong friends. I've done everything I've ever dreamed of and so much more. So what else is there to keep me going?
Every singalong, every smile, every tgi tattoo, every picture taken, every hug given, every high five, every laugh had, every applause, every inside joke, every stage dive, every person who makes this band more important to them than it is to me.
It's true that there is nothing left for me to accomplish. So what else is there to keep me going? I ask myself this question and the answer is very simple. You.
“You're giving me the reasons to keep coming back again, and again…”
It's not often that rookie defencemen get a lot of attention in the Calder Trophy race. Last season Zachary Werenski put up one of the strongest rookie seasons in the last decade for a defenceman, but he happened to break into the league at the exact same time as Auston Matthews and Patrik Laine, so his chance to grab headlines with brilliant two-way play was neutralized by the 76 highlight-real goals scored between the No. 1 and 2 picks.
In the last 15 seasons a defenceman has won the Calder Trophy just three times, and when two of those names are Tyler Myers and Barret Jackman, you can understand why voters are a little bit hesitant to evaluate defencemen early.
The odds-on favourite to win the Calder this season is probably Brock Boeser, who already has 18 goals in 32 games, with Mathew Barzal being right in the conversation. Clayton Keller would likely be in there too, but most of the focus on the Coyotes has been about how disappointing their season has been, so unless he has a crazy second half, he probably won't get the attention he deserves.
That rookie class of forwards is incredible once again, but they aren't quite as attention grabbing as last season's, which could open the door for Mikhail Sergachev.
While the Lightning have been lighting teams up all season long, the 19-year-old rookie defenceman has been a huge part of their offence, scoring eight goals already, twice as many as Victor Hedman, and racking up 23 points, one behind the Lightning's franchise defenceman.
Sergachev is an interesting player, a rare talent stylistically, who isn't afraid of taking offensive risks that most defencemen won't take.
Looking at Sergachev's tendencies with the puck, he's a one-man zone-transition machine, leading the Lightning in controlled entries and exits among defencemen. One thing that stands out with him is that when you look at his strengths, they stand out in an extreme way.
Only one defenceman in the league logs more scoring chances than Sergachev (Werenski), only two produce more scoring chances for their teammates (Roman Josi and Brent Burns), and only Josi succeeds with more dekes in the offensive zone. That's some supremely elite company for Sergachev to be in.
Stylistically the player he most resembles is Josi, playing almost like a forward in the offensive zone, but he doesn't have Josi's skating ability to recover from mistakes, which can lead to some interesting situations for the Lightning.
Unfortunately for Sergachev, unlike forwards, rookie defencemen are judged much more on their defensive play, and his as a teenager leaves a lot to be desired. Those offensive skills are tantalizing, but he's still playing just 15 minutes per game as the Lightning break him in slowly compared to a peer like Charles McAvoy in Boston.
Sergachev plays relatively sheltered minutes in Tampa Bay, which isn't the case for McAvoy, who is playing high-end shutdown minutes with Zdeno Chara, and posting great numbers at the same time.
McAvoy isn't as dynamic as Sergachev offensively, but he's only four points behind, and he plays a whopping 8:18 more per game. That's basically the ice time of a fourth-liner, on top of Sergachev's ice time.
While Sergachev catches eyes with flashy, game-breaking play, McAvoy is the steady, all-around defenceman you want on a top pairing. If Sergachev is Josi, McAvoy is the Duncan Keith.
Sergachev's offensive game deserves some major attention this season, but in order to be in that upper echelon of rookies, he might need to take more responsibility down the stretch. McAvoy meanwhile, just needs the chance to stand out to show how great he is.
On Monday morning, Pope Francis preached that he would baptize Martians. He caused, yet again, quite a stir. But to think he was talking just about aliens is to miss his main point. Pope Francis was using Martians to illustrate that the church must be open to whatever, or whoever, may seem socially foreign and unaccepted.
Pope Francis brought up Martians as he was preaching about a specific New Testament story: early Christians were wondering if Jews and Gentiles could associate, and God gave the Apostle Peter a vision that salvation extended beyond the deepest cultural divides. It was a moment of internal crisis for the early church. “That was unthinkable,” Francis explained. And, to show just how unthinkable it was, he added: “If—for example—tomorrow an expedition of Martians came, and some of them came to us, here…Martians, right? Green, with that long nose and big ears, just like children paint them…And one says, ‘But I want to be baptized!' What would happen?”
The church today should learn from the early church, Francis explained, that it cannot close its doors to anyone. That which God has purified, as the Scripture says, no one can call profane. “It was never the ministry of the closed door, never,” Francis explained.
It is a poignant message about not withholding baptism, especially given the Pope's previous comments that churches should not refuse baptism to children of unmarried parents. Francis is even thought to have called an unwed mother himself and told her that he would baptize her child himself if she could not find a priest to do it.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
It is also a pointed reference to the church's efforts to welcome immigrants. ‘Alien,' ‘stranger,' and ‘immigrant' are often translated interchangeably in Biblical texts. One passage from the book Deuteronomy has become the crux of Catholic teaching on welcoming the immigrant: “Show your love for the alien, for you were aliens in the land of Egypt.” While Francis did not reference immigration as specifically as baptism in his sermon, the connection cannot be not far from his mind. Pope Francis urged compassion for the immigrant in his first papal trip to the island of Lampedusa, where hundreds of people have died trying to immigrate from Africa to Europe. The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops also often uses the alien language in its push for immigration reform on Capitol Hill and in its refugee programs.
Did Francis have a message about actual beings from other planets? Possibly. The idea of baptizing aliens is actually nothing new for the Vatican. The Vatican's chief astronomer, Argentine Jesuit father José Funes, explained the possibility of extraterrestrial life in 2008, when he too said that God's mercy could be offered to aliens if it were needed. He even cited Pope Francis' namesake to make his point. “This is not in contrast with the faith, because we cannot place limits on the creative freedom of God,” Funes said. “To use St. Francis' words, if we consider earthly creatures as ‘brothers' and ‘sisters,' why can't we also speak of an ‘extraterrestrial brother?'”
The Vatican Pontifical Academy of Sciences held its first major conference on astrobiology in 2009. For five days, thirty scientists gave presentations to Catholic bishops on everything from microbes to planetary detection to life beyond Earth. Rome has come a long way from 16th century, when Dominican friar and astronomer Giordano Bruno was burned at the stake during the Inquisition for heresy, including his openness to multiple worlds.
Pope Francis, like any good preacher, knows how to keep his audience interested—nothing like a Martian reference to catch people's attention. Whether or not they will remember it for the right reasons is another question.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Few authors have as much power to draw you in with fun characters and thrilling adventures—and then crush your spirit utterly—as George R.R. Martin. But the latest way that Martin managed to make me lose all hope for humanity was especially sneaky. And just tremendously soul-shredding.
Here's your spoiler warning—if you're not up to speed on all things GRRM, you might get spoiled. Really! I can't go into any more detail without actually giving a spoiler. Here's a gif of Jon Snow versus Michael Jackson, to let you decide whether to take the plunge.
Advertisement
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
So I am speaking of the Dunk and Egg tales. They've been around for years, but I hadn't gotten around to reading them until they were collected in a shiny volume late last year, called A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms.
Advertisement
These are a series of three novellas, which take place decades before A Game of Thrones, and they follow a hedge knight named Ser Duncan the Tall (aka “Dunk”) who somehow acquires a very unusual squire named “Egg.” In fact, Egg is really Aegon Targaryen, a royal prince who is too far down the line of succession to have much hope of gaining the throne. Dunk and Egg travel around, having adventures, and Egg sees how the common people live, in a similar fashion to King Arthur going by “Wart” in The Once and Future King.
These stories are more light-hearted and whimsical than Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire tends to be, because they take place more or less during peacetime, and the stakes are generally lower (apart from some larger conspiracies here and there.) But they frequently deal with the awful consequences of those endless wars of dynastic succession in Westeros. And in the second, and most fascinating, story, Dunk and Egg deal with a minor local lord, whose neighbor has annexed his stream, and it's a microcosm of how difficult and complicated government can be.
Advertisement
As I wrote in my review back in October, Dunk and Egg have a cameraderie that feels very reminiscent of Pod and Brienne in the other books. And even though we know that Egg will become King Aegon V, he and Dunk feel like total underdogs, who sleep in ditches and get a raw deal every time. Dunk is always threatening to clout the future king on the ear, and their friendship is both sweet and earthy.
And the “royal person moves among ordinary people in disguise” trope is one of the best, full stop. Besides Wart, there's Hal in Shakespeare's Henry V, and all the many incognito princesses. We're conditioned by pop culture to believe that any prince or princess who goes among the common people will become an amazing ruler, whose reign will be both just and harmonious. And part of what we see happening in the Dunk and Egg stories is Egg discovering for himself just how challenging and insoluble the problems of statecraft are.
So you sort of expect to end with a hazy sense that Egg became a wise king, who ruled over a contented, peaceful realm, as a result of all the wisdom he gained from being “half a peasant” in his youth. Right?
Advertisement
But this is George R.R. Martin we're talking about here.
When we talked to Martin at Comic-Con 2013, he told us:
There is always this presumption that if you are a good man, you will be a good king. [Like] Tolkien — in Return of the King, Aragorn comes back and becomes king, and then “he ruled wisely for three hundred years.” Okay, fine. It is easy to write that sentence, “He ruled wisely”. What does that mean, “He ruled wisely?” What were his tax policies? What did he do when two lords were making war on each other? Or barbarians were coming in from the North? What was his immigration policy? What about equal rights for Orcs? I mean did he just pursue a genocidal policy, “Let's kill all these fucking Orcs who are still left over”? Or did he try to redeem them? You never actually see the nitty-gritty of ruling. I guess there is an element of fantasy readers that don't want to see that. I find that fascinating.
Advertisement
So maybe I shouldn't have been so disappointed when I found out what actually happens when Egg the lovable squire becomes a king. Martin published a ginormous volume called The World of Ice and Fire back in 2014, and it contains the whole story of Aegon V's reign. Given that Aegon ruled not long before King Robert—his older brother Maester Aemon is still alive in A Game of Thrones—it makes sense that Aegon didn't leave Westeros a paradise. But still, it's a major bummer.
Basically, Egg becomes king because there are no other better heirs, although it takes a Great Council of hundreds of lords to decide on the succession. And then... shit happens.
Advertisement
First off, Aegon takes the throne in the middle of an epic winter that lasts years, and causes widespread starvation—and his attempts to send grain to ease the hunger in the north only win him more enemies in the south. And those wars of dynastic succession which caused complications for young Egg are still going on once he becomes king. As The World of Ice and Fire puts it, “the unlikely king was forced to spend much of his reign in armor, quelling one rising or another.”
Meanwhile, Aegon attempts to push through reforms to give more rights and protections to the common people, but this only provoked defiance from the lords under him. The more Aegon tried to rule, the more frustrated he became by the process of compromise. It seems like, reading between the lines, he learned compassion for the smallfolk, but not realpolitik, from his time as a squire. Even though he witnessed firsthand the trickiness of sorting out disputes like the one over a minor lord's “Chequy water,” he hasn't fully taken on board how difficult statecraft actually is.
Advertisement
And then there are Aegon's children. He married for love, back when nobody thought he had a serious shot at becoming king. And now, all of his kids want to marry for love as well. (Including one son and daughter who want to carry on the fine Targaryen tradition of incestuous marriage.) Aegon has promised all his kids in marriage to various noble houses, and this is a major cornerstone in his plan to build support for his reforms among the nobility—so it's a huge setback when all of his kids defy him and marry whom they want.
So Aegon's reign wasn't particularly successful, overall. He was constantly fighting off rebels, sellswords and pretenders. His reforms were thwarted at every turn. His kids screwed him over. But that's not why the story of Dunk and Egg leaves me feeling utterly depressed. Rather, I'm horribly bummed about the way they both die.
Advertisement
After facing defiance from his lords and his children, King Aegon becomes obsessed with bringing back dragons. If only he had command of some dragons, the way his ancestors did, he figures he could make everybody obey him. Instead of finding a practical solution to his problems as a ruler, or deploying any of the underdog, scrappy resourcefulness that he was so good at as a boy, he decides his only hope is to wield a few WMDs, so he can exercise despotic power for the good of the realm.
As Aegon gets older, his desire to find a way to bring back dragons grows, until it's all he can think about. He sends people all over the place, to the farthest reaches of Essos, in search of lore that could bring those dragon eggs back to life and make them hatch once more.
And then, just as Aegon is celebrating the birth of his grandson Rhaegar Targaryen (who later gets killed by King Robert), he does some final experiment to try and bring back dragons. The World of Ice and Fire is vague about what actually happens. But according to other sources I've read online, Aegon tries to use wildfire (the stuff that Tyrion uses to nuke Stannis' fleet) to microwave a dragon egg. And it kills not just himself, but Dunk and a bunch of other people. So Egg dies in the most pointless, foolish, arrogant manner possible, and takes his best friend with him.
Advertisement
Not only that, but in his obsession with dragons, King Aegon has neglected the threat of the “Ninepenny Kings,” an alliance of sellswords with a pretender to the throne, Maelys the Monstrous. As soon as Aegon is dead, the Ninepenny Kings descend and plunge Westeros into a new and horrendous war, that is only settled when a young knight named Ser Barristan Selmy slays Maelys the Monstrous in single combat. Aegon's son reigns only a couple years, and then is succeeded by... the Mad King.
So even in the short term, Aegon didn't really leave Westeros better than he found it, and if he hadn't gotten obsessed with bringing back dragons at the expense of actually ruling, he could have saved everyone a lot of suffering. But his pointless death is what shows that he didn't really learn enough from his unique experience, back when he was known as Egg.
Top image: Song of Ice and Fire Calendar 2014, art by Gary Gianni. Jon Snow vs. Michael Jackson gif via Sawdust Films. All other art by Gary Gianni, from A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms.
Advertisement
Charlie Jane Anders is the author of All The Birds in the Sky, which is available now. Here's what people have been saying about it. Follow her on Twitter, and email her.
From, "Goodbye to Paris" by Oren Cass.
"The Accord was doomed before negotiators ever assembled for photographs in December 2015. They were not there to commit each country to meaningful greenhouse-gas reductions; rather, everyone submitted their voluntary pledges in advance, and all were accepted without scrutiny. Pledges did not have to mention emissions levels, nor were there penalties for falling short. The conference itself was, in essence, a stapling exercise."........
"Since then, the farce has proceeded as farces do. Secretary Kerry claimed the Accord would unleash clean-energy investment. “It is going to move the marketplace,” he said, calling it “a break-away agreement which actually changes the paradigm” and will “spur massive investment.” Instead, global investment (in green energy development) plummeted by 20 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance. The first quarter of 2017 saw another 17 percent decline versus 2016.
The volunteer pledges have commanded precisely the respect they deserve. An April report by Transport Environment found only three European countries pursuing policies in line with their Paris commitments and one of those, Germany, has now seen two straight years of emissions increases. The Philippines has outright renounced its commitment. A study published by the American Geophysical Union warns that India's planned coal-plant construction is incompatible with its own targets. All this behavior is socially acceptable amongst the climate crowd. Only Trump's presumption that the agreement means something, and that countries should be forthright about their commitments, is beyond the pale.
Somewhat incredibly, Todd Stern, the Obama administration's lead climate negotiator, took to the Washington Post to explain that the U.S. could even revise downward its own commitment to eliminate any potential burden. “I know,” he seemingly bragged, “because I helped negotiate that flexibility.” Compare this to his defense of the agreement when signed, in which he repeatedly used the word “ratchet” to describe a process where countries would only strengthen their commitments. But rather than see the cocktail hour interrupted, even that last vestige of substance was flung overboard.
So should the U.S. have stayed or gone? To quote another of President Obama's secretaries of state: “What difference, at this point, does it make?” For the climate, not much of one. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology's assessment of the agreement found that even full compliance would only have reduced global temperatures in 2100 by only 0.2 degrees Celsius.".......
Reality: The Paris Climate Accord was all Political Correctness and absolutely no substance.
Bill O'Brien sees improvement from quarterback Tom Savage
Making a bid for a backup role behind starter Brock Osweiler, Texans reserve quarterback Tom Savage has delivered throws with zip and accuracy.
Savage has had a strong opening week of training camp, including displaying a quick release.
"Very improved player," Texans coach Bill O'Brien said of Savage. He's put a lot of time in on the field and off the field. He's really worked hard to change his body, become stronger, become quicker, quicker release. He has a much better knowledge of our offense. It takes a while for that position. The only thing Tom needs is an opportunity. Tom is a good football player and he's put a lot of time in to get to where he is right now."
A strong-armed, 6-4, 228-pound former fourth-round pick from Pittsburgh, Savage played in two games as a rookie and completed 10 of 19 passes for 127 yards, no touchdowns and one interception.
Savage passed for 5,690 yards, 37 touchdowns and 19 interceptions in college while playing for Rutgers, Arizona and Pitt.
Tom Savage has had a strong opening week of training camp, including displaying a quick release. Tom Savage has had a strong opening week of training camp, including displaying a quick release. Photo: Thomas B. Shea, Houston Chronicle Photo: Thomas B. Shea, Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 47 Caption Close Bill O'Brien sees improvement from quarterback Tom Savage 1 / 47 Back to Gallery
"Just getting the ball out quicker," Savage said. "That's big in the preseason. You have to get the ball out of your hands and be consistent.
"I'm competing every day. I'll never sit there and say I'm competing to be the backup. I'm going to be competing every day and prep like I'm the starter every week."
Last week, men's rights activists (MRAs) achieved some marginal media exposure when the Twitter hashtag “INeedMasculismBecause,” initially a prank set about by users of the well-trafficked imageboard 4chan, was co-opted in earnest by a number of individuals professing our culture's widespread subjugation of men. Thankfully, it seems not all publicity is good publicity when it comes to the imaginary war on masculinity; shortly after the hashtag gained steam, it was hijacked and repurposed by masses of users eager to lampoon the often misogynist tenets of the men's rights movement. Within hours, satirical tweets dwarfed the zealous ululations of male persecution. Perhaps most striking was the challenge in differentiating some of the more hyperbolic sardonic comments from their equally hyperbolic legitimate counterparts.
While the hashtag began as an attempt to bait feminists into misguided rage, its pseudo-ironic, ostensibly apolitical intents were quickly jettisoned by the more sincere MRAs who took the trending phrase as an opportunity to disseminate their particular brand of reality. Some tweets nodded towards legitimate issues men face in today's cultural milieu: disproportionate rates of suicide, the toxic effects of hyper-masculinity, the rampant heterosexism in popular depictions of maleness. Most didn't. Alongside essentializing complaints about women's supposed privilege in romantic and sexual scenarios, calls for “equal rights, equal fights,” and a repulsive preoccupation with “spermjacking” and false rape accusations (a preoccupation which trivializes the immense problem of predatory masculinity), was an underlying pattern of sexist, anti-feminist sentiment. Of course, for those already acquainted with MRA rhetoric, these regressive, overtly misogynist tendencies might be less than shocking. In fact, this past spring, the Southern Poverty Law Center, a nonprofit civil rights organization dedicated to monitoring alleged hate groups, released a list of active men's rights websites under the title, “Misogyny: The Sites.” Included in this list was Reddit: Mens Rights, a bulletin-board (or “subreddit”) with nearly 62,000 subscribers on the user-driven, social news website Reddit. Reddit, with its user base's overwhelming tendency to lambaste conservative social values, seems a strange host to such a regressive movement. Stranger still is the way in which many Mens Rights subscribers—who often proudly flaunt their (questionably) progressive attitudes on issues like gay rights, institutionalized sexuality, and firearm legislation in other subreddits—attempt to fit an aggressively anti-feminist ideology into their otherwise left-leaning worldview. It seems maintaining the status quo has never been more subversive.
How the hell did we get here? When did reactionary, hard-right, fringe beliefs become acceptable, even palatable, for those who would otherwise self-identify as liberal through-and-through? More importantly, how have so many people conflated the insidious institutional oppression of women (and, in the odd case, the insidious institutional oppression of racial and sexual minorities) with the relatively petty challenges experienced by those within dominant social classes?
Well, to quote a character from one of my dearest television programs, “the times they are a-becoming quite different.” Women's salaries saw a 44% increase between 1970 and 2007 in the States, just over half of undergraduate students are now female, and with various feminisms slowly creeping into mainstream consciousness, women's rights appear to have a stronger public platform than ever before. Of course, gender parity is nowhere near comprehensive: women on average still earn a fraction of every dollar men make; men still hold a massive majority of powerful positions in the mainstream media (roughly 90-97% in telecommunications, entertainment, publishing, and advertising, depending on which study you cite); and nearly one in five American women are raped at some point in their lives (compared to one in 71 men). The list goes on and on and on, but to combat these pervasive injustices are a number of entrenched activists and academic counter-publics dedicated to curtailing women's subjugation through consciousness raising, social programs, and community building. This push towards women's solidarity, combined with the leisurely dwindling of male privilege over the past century, has left many men without the option to abstract to a traditional, powerful male identity (at least not without criticism), and thus the question for MRAs is, if I might parrot a popular social justice gag, “What about the mens?” Men's rights activists have seen women slowly climb the social ladder, and they want a slice of the bitter-sweet oppression pie, even if it means hurling that pie into the face of the nearest feminist and lapping up whatever bits of pastry and custard fall haphazardly to the floor. Yes, that was a messy metaphor.
The men's rights movement gained a lot of steam within the past couple years following the self-immolation of Thomas James Ball, a leader of one branch of the Massachusetts Fatherhood Coalition. Ball, who had been fighting ten years of custody battles, blamed feminist-crafted anti-domestic violence legislation for his losing battle—rather than admitting perhaps, after smacking and bloodying his 4-year-old daughter, he was at least partly responsible for the situation. Nevertheless, Ball's striking public suicide cemented child custody, domestic violence, a nd feminist action as inalienable parts of the modern man's “struggle” for “equality.” Today, the tendency within the online MRA community to demonize feminism is nothing short of canonical, with many users framing second-wave radicals like Dworkin or Solanas (along with their occasionally alluring fringe beliefs) as feminist archetypes. What's more, men's rights activists regularly deride the notion of male privilege as a feminist construction; male stoicism, military drafts, child support, and even that “male power” is considered a sexist cry apparently all point to female privilege and institutionalized misandry. Much of the movement is concerned with men's increasingly uncertain roles in familial, penal, and academic institutions, largely ignoring that these uncertainties stem from the currently conflicting doctrines of traditional male supremacy and modern social equality.
“I need masculism because,” one man writes, “I am a nurse, not a male nurse,” missing that inherent in his declaration is the supposition that doctors are generally assumed to be male. “I need masculism because,” writes another, “Children deserve financial support, Not their mothers,” vaguely nodding towards women's unfavourable treatment in economic and familial institutions before ultimately framing this phenomenon as a men's rights issue. “#INeedMasculismBecause ‘Consent' is agreeing to do something. It has no legal bearing on your emotional state towards it,” he adds, tossing his pro-rape hat into the false-rape allegations ring. Yes, these are potshots at low-hanging fruit, but it requires only a few moments reviewing the hordes of accumulating tweets to see just how thoroughly these masculists misinterpret readily observable social trends.
“#INeedMasculismBecause the word ‘feminism' doesn't have ‘equal' in it & I'm too lazy to pick up a history book, so I KNOW they hate all men,” says one satirical tweet, poignantly summarizing the anti-feminist sentiments of the men's rights movement.
You see, feminists have never asserted that men are without their own unique problems. Even Valerie Solanas—who called for the eradication of the male gender in her likely-parodical-but-maybe-not-but-really-what-does-it-matter-no-one-is-seriously-entertaining-the-idea-of-killing-all-men-anyway SCUM Manifesto—alluded to the troubles men have displaying emotion and maintaining meaningful interpersonal relations. Thomas Ball would be delighted to know that early feminists (as well as more contemporary counterparts) routinely pointed to motherhood as one of the primary forms of gender subjugation, and, had he not savaged his daughter, he may have found solace, perhaps even support, in pursuing feminist theory. The patriarchy, and its coinciding gender binary, does violence to all genders (especially those which lie outside the typical categories of male and female), but men do not face pervasive systemic oppression, much to the paradoxical dismay of men's rights activists. Simply put, misandry is not real, or, if it absolutely must be acknowledged, it is by no means the equivalent of misogyny. Problems in equating sexism with racism aside, misandry is the intellectual equal of reverse-racism in that both ignore near-universal political, cultural, and economic investments in the properties of maleness and whiteness respectively. But perhaps I digress. The question was, after all, how did we get here?
Truly, there's no simple answer, but allow me to posit one potential solution. Over the past few decades, overt sexism, racism, and homophobia have fallen out of vogue in mainstream discourse (of course, insidious sexism, racism, and homophobia are still alive and well, but that's a topic for another day). These -isms are now so thoroughly abhorrent to socially-conscious folk that, to some, bigotry now seems subversive rather than antiquated. To less socially-conscious individuals, it appears that women, racial, gendered, and sexual minorities are above criticism, and as a result, many bigots appeal to the false notion of diminishing free speech—the diminishing free speech of whites, straights, and men, of course—in an effort to lend credence to their attacks on anti-racist and anti-sexist movements. Not only this, but the active efforts of a stumbling, politically-correct society to atone for past and ongoing misdeeds seems to imply that whites and men are increasingly disadvantaged by way of social welfare programs; that a handful of non-white, non-male individuals have been ever so graciously granted a “leg up” in a paternal and patronizing step towards formal inclusivity has surely increased the rates of martyr complexes among suburban man-children. Mind you, the questioning of privilege is always met with widespread backlash (take the reactions to the civil and gay rights movements, for example), so this recent anti-feminist phenomenon is nowhere near novel.
The men's rights movement provides an interesting and complex case study in organized, regressive revolt, and I sincerely doubt the above solution is adequate in explaining the origins of today's “manosphere,” as the online MRA community has been dubbed. The overlapping worldviews of patently misogynist pickup artists and anti-feminist men's rights activists—along with the movement's preoccupation with false-rape accusations, the “friendzone,” and “creep shaming”—suggests a relatively widespread unease with shifting sexual norms, and the fervent disregard of otherwise pertinent feminist theory seems to signal a thorough suspicion of empowered women. While neither of these trends are contained solely to aggressively misogynist publics, we can all sleep easy knowing the majority of men's rights activism appears reasonably contained to the virtual manosphere.
Information about the men's rights movement can be found here, here, and if you're feeling especially intrepid here. Amusing coverage of the #INeedMasculismBecause debacle can be found here, here, and here.
EDIT: Just to clarify any ambiguities, the SPLC did not officially define the various websites in the manosphere as “hate groups.” Rather, the SPLC simply grouped them under the label “misogynist,” which I guess makes them woman hating groups, so, I mean, take that as you will.
~~~
Dan Perdic is a fourth year honours MIT student, a devout misandrist, and sincerely apologetic for the preceding novel. He'll try to include more images and fewer words in subsequent articles.
Advertisement
Head-to-Head: Games Played Between Kobe Bryant and LeBron James
This is the detail of NBA games in which Kobe Bryant and LeBron James played against each other, including head-to-head record, stats average, game highs and game-by-game data both in the Regular Season and Playoffs.
They faced each other a total of 22 times in NBA games. LeBron James has a 16-6 winning record over Kobe Bryant. They never met in the Playoffs.
Games Played Against Each Other
NBA Timeline: 1946-47 2018-19 Kobe Bryant:
1997 to 2016 LeBron James:
2004 to 2019
22 Games played 22 in Regular Season 0 in Playoffs
Summary of Victories Games Won in Regular Season in Playoffs Kobe Bryant 6 6 0 LeBron James 16 16 0
Stats in Games Between Them
Averages Player Points Rebounds Assists Steals Blocks Kobe Bryant 24.6 5.0 5.2 1.1 0.2 LeBron James 28.2 7.4 7.3 1.9 0.7 Game Highs Player Points Rebounds Assists Steals Blocks Kobe Bryant 38 12 17 3 1 LeBron James 41 13 12 4 3 Games with better stats than the other player... Player Points Rebounds Assists Steals Blocks Kobe Bryant 8
games 4
games 6
games 4
games 2
games LeBron James 14
games 15
games 15
games 13
games 10
games Both had same stat 0
games 3
games 1
game 5
games 10
games
Head To Head Games Played: One by One
scroll for more >>
Share: Follow us on:
Xiaomi's Upcoming Mi Note 2 Pricing and Specs Leaked
Xiaomi has a few distinct product lines that it follows along for its smartphones. The Redmi series of devices often fall into the low-end and budget price categories (even though there may not be anything low end about them), while the Mi lineup is towards the mid-end in terms of price. Of course, Xiaomi's products pack punches way above their pricing, but this distinction between the Redmi and the Mi lineup gives us a fair thought on what one can expect from the next iteration in the series.
The Mi 5 earlier in the year set the tone of Xiaomi raising the bar with its flagship. While still a good flagship choice in terms of pure hardware, the Mi 5 got left behind with the OnePlus 3 coming into the picture. But it seems that Xiaomi is looking set to pitch in another flagship with the upcoming Mi Note 2.
As per presentation slides obtained by AndroidPure from Chinese micro-blogging site Weibo, the Mi Note 2 certainly paints a strong picture. The phone will reportedly feature a 5.7″ 2K Super AMOLED display made by LG, which will also have support for 3D Touch (pressure sensitivity). There is also likely to be an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor under the glass, just as we have seen with the Mi 5s.
For the insides, the Mi Note 2 is likely to bear the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 SoC. The RAM and storage combinations of the device will be 4GB + 64GB and 6GB + 128GB. There will also be a 4100 mAh battery with Quick Charge 3.0 support over the USB Type-C port.
The phone will also sport a dual rear camera setup, with the sensors being reported as the 23MP Sony IMX318 plus the 12MP Sony IMX378 (which is used in the Google Pixel). How Xiaomi implements the dual camera system is yet to be seen. The phone will also have an iris scanner, just in case users thought that there was some feature missing.
Pricing for the Mi Note 2 is still quite up in the air. Earlier reports pitched in that the device would be around CNY 5,699 mark ($845), but these presentation slides bring down the price to CNY 2,799 ($415) for the base variant and CNY 2,999 ($445) for the higher variant. All of these pricing and spec info is based on leaks, so do take them with a pinch of salt.
What are your thoughts on the Mi Note 2 so far? Let us know in the comments below!
By Michelle Roberts
Health reporter, BBC News
Traditional gowns allow easy access but can leave patients exposed The traditional draughty and backless hospital gown is getting a Hollywood-style makeover by one of the world's top designers. Ben de Lisi, famed for creating red-carpet frocks for stars like Kate Winslet, says his "aspirational" new design will preserve patients' modesty. The old gowns have been criticised for leaving patients laid bare. The Design Council will unveil the design next month as part of a project to improve dignity across the NHS. Health Minister Ann Keen said the designer gowns would be introduced into NHS hospitals in England by early 2011. The old hospital gown was hideous, embarrassing, ill-fitting and probably ill-making too
Designer Ben de Lisi She said: "As a nurse, I know that when patients visit hospital, the gown they wear is exceptionally important. "Patients need to feel confident and comfortable in what can be difficult situations." De Lisi told the BBC News website that he designed the gowns with comfort in mind. Ben de Lisi's early concepts met with great approval "The old hospital gown was hideous, embarrassing, ill-fitting and probably ill-making too. "You are away from home, ill, and in hospital and you have to wear this horrific garment with your arse hanging out. Give me a break. "I wanted the new gowns to feel fabulous and aspirational. "They are made from beautiful cotton shirting which is very smooth, cool and lux." Dignified He said his design means patients can have their modesty covered but still allow medics immediate access through clever "entrance points" in the gown. "It's infinitely dignified, yet practical. And Velcro doesn't enter into the equation." De Lisi's NHS collection, in his signature printed fabric, also includes pyjama bottoms, nightwear and slippers. Design Council chief executive David Kester said the designs, funded by £25,000 from the Department of Health, were a great and affordable improvement. "The new designs are going to be very competitively priced and within the current price range for the NHS, even with the designer connection." He said teams of designers and architects were working on other projects to redesign NHS hospitals in England to improve the experience for patients. Several hospital trusts are already switching to more dignified wraparound gowns, albeit without the designer label. Katherine Murphy, director of the Patients Association, said the news would be welcomed by patients. "Very often when people are admitted to hospital they don't have enough time to bring some pyjamas or a dressing gown with them and have to wear hospital gowns. "But when you are ill, the last thing you need is to be embarrassed as well."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hey everyone, SuperCakes here. I'm the product manager on Personalization (aka Skins Team). It's been a little over a year since we launched chroma packs. And while we've always been excited about chromas as a product, after hearing from you, we realized we could make them better. Now we're hyped to share some news with you about our changes to chromas which are coming out soon and are tracking to hit PBE next week. Our first move was to go back to basics and revisit things from this perspective: _Why would I, as a player, want chromas?_ Here's the thing. I love skins and have a lot of them. But there are certain skins I always go back to. Arcade Miss Fortune is one of my favorite skins, and looking at what you guys are playing, it's one of your favorites, too. And if I can play her in a rainbow of options, that sounds pretty cool to me. Chromas are meant to deepen your experience with a piece of content you already own, love, and play the shit out of. It's that simple. Next step, _How do we address your feedback?_ The things that were ringing loudest were around bundling, aesthetics, and the pricing of chromas, and that's where we put the majority of our focus. **Bundling:** We've unpacked chromas so you can buy them individually. You can still buy them in bundles, though, for a discount. **Aesthetics:** Chromas are designed by the same folks that make skins, and we take our responsibility pretty seriously. We only want to introduce things into the game that improve the overall experience of playing League of Legends. We took a look at what we were making and found opportunities to improve with revamped color schemes, patterns, and textures. **Pricing:** Chromas will be priced at 290 RP each, and will also be available in discounted bundles for the collectors out there. For those of you who love a chance to spend IP, we're also** introducing recurring IP sales which will take place twice a year.** The first IP sale goes from August 25, 2016 to September 8, 2016 and includes all chromas launched before August 2016. EDIT: Sorry for not mentioning this when I posted earlier, individual chromas will be available for 2000 IP each during the sale periods. All of the chromas released before this month will be in the first sale, so you can take a look now at which ones you want to save for! Bundle details will be available soon. Some of you also suggested that chromas could be a reward for mastery. We're committed to improving mastery rewards, and with the release of Hextech Crafting this year, we're thrilled to have a way to reward you for mastery across several of our content offerings, including a chance to get free skins. We won't be launching chromas in Hextech Crafting at this time, but it's something we're thinking about for future iterations. We'll get into more detail when the first wave of new chromas launches in a few weeks. For now, here's a sneak peek of some of the aesthetic changes mentioned: http://i.imgur.com/lVMyruP.jpg What do you think of the changes? What would you like to see? Let us know! Play Safe! SuperCakes
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Try it out:
To practice the tricks listed below, all you need to do is start a game by using the console command "map de_inferno". Moreover, the following commands may come in handy:
sv_cheats 1 — allows using cheats
mp_roundtime_defuse 999999 — sets round time
bind z "give weapon_flashbang" — gives a flashbang when button "z" is pressed
bind b "give weapon_molotov" — gives a molotov when button "b" is pressed
sv_infinite_ammo 1 — infinite ammo
bind v "noclip" — turn on and turn off the airplane mode when button "v" is pressed
sv_grenade_trajectory 1 — shows the trajectory of grenades
sv_showimpacts 1 — shows the marks of bullets
To take a closer look at what's going on, you can open a contextual menu of a gif image. In order to do that, you need to right-click on the gif and choose the correct menu option.
1. Fire on B
This pretty simple, but effective "fire" on Dark will make it easier to take plant B. In order to throw this nade, you need to stand in the corner between the plywood sheet and barrels, aim slightly above the roof and jump while throwing the nade. It's noteworthy that the nade requires accuracy — if you throw it a little bit more left or right, you can get in a situation when the fire won't touch the needed position.
2. «Sneaky» bomb on B
Having taken plant B, you still need to defend it. Planting this «sneaky» bomb can help you with this. All you need to do is plant a C4 near the right site on B, and then move to a required place. This position is good not only because it allows you to stop a bomb defusing without being caught, but also because of the ability to control the CT spawn.
3. «Apartments» Wallbang on А
View post on imgur.com View post on imgur.com It can be a difficult and risky task to get through the corridor to A when it's being watched by an enemy. However, a wallbang can help you. It can be performed from either the very Apartments — jump in the window and go to the corner, or from a further distance — from the bridge on the side of the T spawn. Between these two positions there's a difference: a window wallbang will let you shoot off an enemy peeking of the corner, and shooting from the bridge is more suitable for killing an enemy coming from an aggressive position in Apartments.
4. Pop flash into «sands»
Having done away with Apartments, you need to overcome an enemy's resistance as coming to Balcony. It's most likely that this position is watched from Sands and it's rather difficult to shoot off the opponent standing there. In order to make it easier, you need to throw a pop flash — go a little bit behind the middle window in Apartments, crouch and throw a flash in the chimney's wall as it's shown in the gif.
5. «Apartments» wallbang for CT
The CT players can surprise their enemy with interesting wallbangs, too. Today, we'll show you a wallbang which will allow you to cut the attack on Apartments and to win some time. It's noteworthy that only the door can be wallbanged. Don't even try to wallbang the rest — it's just a waste of bullets.
Make sure to subscribe to our social media to stay tuned!
Training camp walkthroughs provide very little insight into player performance, but they do give us a few quick clues as the how the depth chart is developing. While there's a lot of change ahead of us, right now we can figure out who the leaders in the clubhouse are at certain positions.
Expect these to change. Mike Zimmer today mentioned that the starting offensive line will change throughout camp, and we should see something similar for safeties and receivers. But for now, this is where we are.
OFFENSE
QB: Teddy Bridgewater, Shaun Hill, Joel Stave
WR1: Charles Johnson, Laquon Treadwell, Cordarrelle Patterson, Moritz Boehringer, Marken Michel, Terell Sinkfield
WR2: Stefon Diggs, Jarius Wright, Adam Thielen, Isaac Fruechte, Troy Stoudermire
RB: Adrian Peterson, Jerick McKinnon, Matt Asiata, C.J. Ham, Jhurell Pressley
FB: Zach Line, Blake Renaud
TE: Kyle Rudolph, MyCole Pruitt, David Morgan, Kyle Carter, Brian Leonhardt
LT: Matt Kalil, Jeremiah Sirles, Carter Bykowski
LG: Alex Boone, Willie Beavers, Sean Hickey
C: John Sullivan, Joe Berger, Nick Easton
RG: Brandon Fusco, Zac Kerin, Isame Faciane
RT: Andre Smith, T.J. Clemmings, Austin Shepherd
DEFENSE
RDE: Everson Griffen, Justin Trattou, Scott Crichton, Zach Moore
UT: Sharrif Floyd, Tom Johnson, Travis Raciti
NT: Linval Joseph, Shamar Stephen, Toby Johnson
LDE: Brian Robison, Danielle Hunter, Stephen Weatherly, Denzell Perine, Theiren Cockran
SLB: Anthony Barr, Edmond Robinson, Jake Ganus
MLB: Eric Kendricks, Audie Cole, Kentrell Brothers
WLB: Chad Greenway, Emmanuel Lamur, Brandon Watts, Jason Whittingham
LCB: Terence Newman, Trae Waynes, Tre Roberson
RCB: Xavier Rhodes, Jabari Price, Melvin White, Keith Baxter
NCB: Captain Munnerlyn, Mackensie Alexander, Marcus Sherels
CS: Harrison Smith, Michael Griffin, Anthony Harris
OS: Andrew Sendejo, Antone Exum, Jayron Kearse
PUP: Rhett Ellison, Kenrick Ellis
NFI: Taylor Heinicke, Mike Harris
I've temporarily changed safety designations because of this (excellent) video from Brett Kollman.
I don't think I missed anyone, but if I did—my mistake. Almost all of the third team depth chart stuff is pretty conditional and I wouldn't be surprised if I saw a third team rotation that was the second or third of its kind—so take anything after the second team with a grain of salt.
If I had to say which receivers got the most early rotations, it would be the following four: Stefon Diggs, Charles Johnson, Adam Thielen and Laquon Treadwell. I don't think this means anything for Cordarrelle Patterson or Jarius Wright in terms of their chances of making the team, but it is probably good for Thielen.
The only snaps I saw Scott Crichton take were at defensive tackle, but it was a nickel look with Travis Raciti playing three-technique alongside him. He will probably be a defensive end throughout camp. The fact that Trattou is taking defensive end snaps ahead of him bodes poorly for Crichton.
I didn't see any reps for Toby Johnson, who I assume will stay at nose tackle.
Takeaways: Scott Crichton is in trouble, Adam Thielen is working his way up the depth chart, Chad Greenway has a great shot of making the roster, and Fusco is getting a real shot with Harris out.
Zac Kerin's listing in the media guide is as a guard instead of a center, which is probably somewhat meaningful—Brandon Fusco was listed as a center for a year or two before being listed as a guard and has not been in the discussion as a center despite playing that position for four years in college and as a backup for at least one year with Minnesota.
CLOSE A Phoenix woman got a call from migrants who were illegally crossing the border with her brother. He was sick. He kept walking but hadn't been seen since. She decided to go looking for him in the Arizona desert. A USA TODAY NETWORK video production.
The motorcycle accident that killed a Casa Grande-based U.S. Border Patrol agent Thursday morning was in a remote area on the Tohono O'odham Reservation and involved another agent, the agency confirmed Friday. (Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
A man who was suspected of being an undocumented immigrant was shot and killed by a U.S. Border Patrol agent in southern Arizona on Wednesday morning, officials said.
The shooting occurred in a remote area of the Baboquivari Mountain Range west of Three Points, which is about 27 miles southwest of Tucson, the U.S. Border Patrol Tucson Sector said in a press release.
Just before noon, the Border Patrol agent shot the man after the agent was assaulted by the suspect, the release said.
The man was among a group of suspected undocumented immigrants, the statement said.
The other three members of the group were taken into custody, officials said.
Agents were searching the area for others Wednesday, officials added.
Th incident is under investigation by the FBI, Customs and Border Protection's Office of Professional Responsibility and Tohono O'odham Nation Police Department.
No further information was provided Wednesday.
Border Patrol officials said they would be holding a press conference in Tucson Thursday morning to provide additional information.
SPECIAL REPORT | THE WALL
2,000-mile journey in shadow of border wall
The wall that will make a human smuggler rich
Border crossers, and the wall that won't stop them
No fence has stopped drug traffickers at border
Border ranchers, in a world without a wall
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2ngkf1r
Proceedings from the two Speculative Medievalisms symposia, held at King's College London (Jan. 2011) and The Graduate from Center, City University of New York (Sep. 2011), and organized by The Petropunk Collective (Eileen Joy, Anna Klosowska, Nicola Masciandaro, and Michael O'Rourke). These interdisciplinary events were dedicated to dialogue and cross-contamination between traditional concepts of speculatio, present-minded premodern studies, and contemporary speculative realist and object-oriented philosophies. In its medieval formulation, speculatio signifies the essentially reflective and imaginative operations of the intellect. Here is the world, books, and mind itself are all conceived as specula (mirrors) through which the hermeneutic gaze can gain access to what lies beyond it. “To know is to bend over a mirror where the world is reflected, to descry images reflected from sphere to sphere: the medieval man was always before a mirror, both when he looked around himself and when he surrendered to his own imagination” (Giorgio Agamben, Stanzas). Correlatively, speculative realism, as the term suggests, is characterized by the self-contradictory intensity of a desire for thought that can think beyond itself — a desire that proceeds, like all philosophy, in a twisted and productive relation to the phantasm of the word.
Aiming to rise above and tunnel below the thought-being or self-world correlation, speculative realism “depart[s] from the text-centered hermeneutic models of the past and engage[s] in daring speculations about the nature of reality itself” (The Speculative Turn). Speculative Medievalisms, like some weird friar-alchemist in an inexistent romance, plays the erotic go-between for these text-centered and text-eccentric intellectual domains by trying to transmute the space between past and present modes of speculation from shared blindness to love at first sight. Possibly succeeding, the volume brings together the work of a motley crew of philosophers and premodernists into prismatic relation.
Contents: Kathleen Biddick, “Toy Stories: Vita Nuda Then and Now?” – Jeffrey Jerome Cohen, “Sublunary” – Graham Harman, “Aristotle With a Twist” – Anna Klosowska, “Transmission by Sponge: Aristotle's Poetics” – J. Allan Mitchell, “Cosmic Eggs, or Events Before Everything” – Kellie Robertson, “Abusing Aristotle” – Anthony Paul Smith, “The Speculative Angel” – Nick Srnicek, “Abstraction and Value: The Medieval Origins of Financial Quantification” – Eugene Thacker, “Divine Darkness” – Scott Wilson, “Neroplatonism” – Julian Yates, “Shakespeare's Kitchen Archives.”
With responses and post-script essays by Liza Blake, Patricia Clough, Drew Daniel, Eileen A. Joy and Anna Klosowska, Nicola Masciandaro, Michael O'Rourke, and Ben Woodard. Photographic Portfolio by Öykü Tekten.
Yellowstone National Park is proposing to kill 1,000 bison, also known as buffalo, this winter.
Roughly 5,000 bison roamed Yellowstone this summer, but officials fear a cold winter could drive herds into southwestern Montana. A controversial agreement struck in 2000 between the state of Montana and the federal government sanctions this mass slaughter; aimed at preventing herds from imposing infection and grazing competition upon local livestock.
Officials are planning on killing mostly calves and females to reduce the population's reproductive rate.
Some 30 to 60 million buffalo once roamed the American West, according to the US Fish and Wildlife Service, but severe hunting during the 1800s decreased the population to 325 individuals. Herds of Yellowstone bison have since reached record levels, causing Montana farmers to stress over their winter migration.
The kill quota varies by year, but this year's goal of 1,000 would be the largest single elimination since 1,600 bison were killed during the winter of 2007-08.
While some Native American tribes support the killing, others say the kill quotas are reminiscent of past US extermination campaigns that killed a majority of tribes and herds alike.
“Killing these buffalo is shameful,” Jimmy St. Goddard, the spiritual leader of the Blackfeet Tribe in Montana, told Reuters.
Some officials say the Interagency Bison Management Plan is outdated, and the park needs a new method for population control.
“We believe we've outgrown it – new data about general biology and disease prevalence are available, and public opinion is shifting toward more tolerance for bison and Montana,” the National Park Service website explains in response the current management plan. “We need a new paradigm that accommodates larger herd sizes and allows bison to move more freely on suitable public lands in the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem.”
But despite criticism, park officials say they don't have a choice.
“Through the legal agreement the National Park Service has to do this,” said Yellowstone spokeswoman Sandy Snell-Dobert. “If there was more tolerance north of the park in Montana for wildlife, particularly bison as well as other wildlife, to travel outside the park boundaries, it wouldn't be an issue.”
“They are a hardy species,” adds Stephanie Adams with the National Parks Conservation Association in an interview with the Associated Press. “But until there's more room for bison to range beyond the park boundary, we're going to have to rely on larger numbers of bison being sent to slaughter.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Since the 1980s, more than 6,300 bison have been sent to slaughter, with officials removing more than 737 animals last year alone.
This report contains material from Reuters and the Associated Press.
Freddie Ljungberg: Arsene Wenger is a legend
Former Arsenal attacker Freddie Ljungberg believes Arsene Wenger has cemented his legend status by remaining in charge of the Londoners for 18 years.
Wenger celebrates his 18th anniversary as Arsenal boss by presiding over his 1,022nd game in Wednesday's UEFA Champions League group match against Galatasaray.
Ljungberg won two Premier league titles and three FA Cups under Wenger and was part of the 2003/04 unbeaten 'Invincibles' side which featured Thierry Henry, Dennis Bergkamp and Robert Pires.
The former Sweden international, who will play for Mumbai City in the inaugural Indian Super League, admits he enjoyed the best moments of his career under the Frenchman.
"It's amazing he's a legend as everybody knows," Ljungberg told Sky Sports. "Very few people have been able to achieve that and it shows what a great manager he is.
“A lot of us stayed at Arsenal because both the club and the manager are special. I was there for nine years in the prime of my football career and the way that we played football was special.
“We enjoyed it all of us and that was the main thing. The manager gave us freedom but we loved technical football, and he provided that, so it was an amazing time to play.”
Ljungberg, who had spells with West Ham United and Celtic after leaving Arsenal in 2007, is optimistic the club can continue to challenge for honours following the big-money purchases of Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez in recent seasons.
“I think the manager is versatile if you look at the number of teams he's created,” Ljungberg said.
“I won a number of titles when I was there and when they moved away from Highbury to the Emirates I think they had a bit of a financial restriction on his squad. But the boss still managed to get into the top four every time which is amazing.
“And now if you look at the last three years they've started spending the money again, winning a trophy straightaway last season. Hopefully they will be a force to reckon with in the future.”
Ljungberg has always been a cult figure with the Arsenal fans and admits his relationship with them will always be a special one.
“They were the most amazing fans I've ever met. I had a great relationship with them,” he said. “Even now I get goosebumps when I go to the stadium and they sing my name. It's a very, very nice feeling and it will always be a club that is in my heart.”
The Astromech Series Continues! By SWCT Team on 2017-08-01 18:00:00 If you own a starship, having an astromech droid is essential! They're versatile and equipped with all the right tools; so don't leave your home world without one!
Our newest insert set features these resourceful droids, including R2-D2 and BB-8!
Set Information
9 cards + 1 award card (BB-8)
Inserts available for 24 hours only
New insert released every 24 hours!
Inserts available in TWO packs
1) Astromech Series Bundle in the "Credits & Special Offers" tab
Contains today's Astromech insert guaranteed!
Chances per pack at Metal Base Series 4 variants (while available)
Daily limited Droid variant, one released per day (200 prints) - 1:5
C-3PO (100 prints) - 1:10
R2-D2 (available through the duration of the series ) - 1:100
K-2SO (available through the duration of the series ) - 1:100
2) Astromech Series Pack in the Cantina
Chances per pack at featured Astromech inserts (available for 24 hours each)
1:15
Award Information
Collect all 9 inserts by 2:00 PM ET on August 12th for the award card! Head to the Cantina!
The spread of an odd new flu virus that has been jumping from pigs to people in parts of the United States has the World Health Organization gearing up its response planning, a senior official of the agency says.
Keiji Fukuda, assistant director-general of the World Health Organization, wants to be able to respond quickly if a new flu threat emerges. (Anja Niedringhaus/Associated Press) The UN health body is figuring out what needs to be done if the virus continues to spread and a global response is required, Dr. Keiji Fukuda, assistant director-general for health security and environment said in an interview from Geneva.
The WHO wants to be ready to make recommendations and issue guidance to countries if the need arises — though Fukuda stressed at this point it is far from certain there will be that need.
"We're very aware that we don't want to over-play or under-play. We're trying to get that right," says Fukuda, a leading influenza expert.
"[We're] trying to make sure that we're ready to move quickly, if we have to move quickly, but also trying not to raise alarm bells."
The desire to be prepared without raising alarm is a legacy of the 2009 H1N1 pandemic. The WHO was heavily criticized in Europe for declaring that event a pandemic when the outbreak turned out to be far milder than originally feared.
But what exactly the agency — and the world — might need to prepare for now is very unclear. With the public relations problems of the 2009 outbreak fresh in the minds of health officials, no one is using the "p" word these days.
Yet in some respects the parallels to 2009 are striking.
A new swine-origin flu virus is causing sporadic infections in parts of the United States. Since the new virus was first spotted in July, 10 cases have been confirmed in Maine, Indiana, Pennsylvania and Iowa. All have been children under 10, with a lone exception — a 58-year-old adult. Three of the cases have required hospitalization but most of the infections have been mild, like regular flu.
Pandemics and pseudo pandemics
It is an influenza A virus of the H3N2 subtype, a distant cousin of H3N2 viruses that circulate in humans.
Scientists at the U.S. Centers for Disease Control say the hemagglutinin gene, the H3, looks like that of H3N2 viruses that used to circulate in people in the early 1990s.
It is sufficiently different from contemporary human viruses that the H3N2 component of the seasonal flu shot is not expected to protect against this virus, though it might boost antibody levels in those who were exposed to the earlier H3N2 viruses.
The CDC is still doing serological work — checking stored blood samples for antibodies that react to this virus — to try to figure out how much vulnerability there is to the new virus. The current thinking is most people over the age of 21 or so would have had exposure to similar flu viruses and would therefore have some protection against it.
Teenagers and children might not, though even that's not 100 per cent certain. Flu expert Malik Peiris, chair of the department of microbiology at the University of Hong Kong, says he thinks exposure to contemporary H3N2 viruses might provide some protection against these swine viruses.
"It is important to see the serological data to see how much vulnerability or susceptibility there is in the human population," Peiris says.
Dr. Arnold Monto, a flu expert at the University of Michigan, says if a major part of the human population has antibodies that react to the virus, it may not be much of a threat.
"If there's a lot of immunity in the population, there probably will not be any kind of extensive spread except maybe in these little clusters where you have little folks who don't have much immunity to anything," he says.
Fukuda, on the other hand, says further spread cannot be ruled out: "I think that certainly there's no reason why this virus, if it continues to spread human to human couldn't move from country to country among young people."
Vaccine research begins
The first seven infections appeared to have been instances where the virus passed from pigs to people. But the most recent cases, in Iowa, seem pretty clearly to have involved person-to-person spread.
There were three confirmed cases in that cluster, but it was likely larger. Two contacts of the first confirmed case were also ill, but were not tested. And the people in this cluster seemingly had no contact with pigs, suggesting they caught the virus from an unidentified person.
The virus was previously isolated from pigs in the U.S. Midwest, says Dr. Nancy Cox, head of the CDC's influenza division, though she won't specify where.
Canadian authorities say there are no reports of the virus in this country. And the WHO knows of no cases other than those in the United States, Fukuda says.
To some in the flu world, the situation is reminiscent of 1977. That year an H1N1 virus started circling the globe, causing infections mainly in young people. H1N1 viruses hadn't been spotted for 20 years at that point; it is widely believed the virus was accidentally released from a laboratory.
On some lists of pandemics, the 1977 outbreak is named. Most flu experts, though, do not consider it a pandemic. Some, like Monto, refer to it as a pseudo pandemic.
While the flu world doesn't want to over-react to this virus, it doesn't feel safe ignoring it either.
The CDC asked the laboratory that makes seed strains for vaccine companies to produce a vaccine candidate virus for this H3N2. It is already in the hands of manufacturers.
And the WHO is looking at what it needs to do to be ready. One of the tasks it is currently working on is trying to figure out what to call this virus, if it should continue to spread.
Naming the pandemic virus was a nightmare for public health officials in the start of the 2009 outbreak.
Flu experts accustomed to talking about viruses based on the animals they normally infected — bird flu, swine flu, dog flu, human flu — were caught in a political vise when powerful agricultural interests objected to references to the virus's swine origins.
But calling the virus simply H1N1 didn't differentiate it from the human H1N1 that was circulating before the pandemic. (It has since disappeared.) Recently the pandemic virus was officially named H1N1 pdm09.
This swine-origin H3N2 virus poses the same naming challenges.
And this time, the WHO wants to be prepared. Fukuda says the WHO has been in discussion with its animal health counterparts, the UN Food and Agriculture Agency and the OIE, the World Organization for Animal Health, to work out a possible name.
This game works on my EVO 4G just fine. It is a little slow on start-up (i.e. the "black screen"). However, I compared it with some Pop Cap games (Plants vs Zombies, Peggle, etc.) and the start-up time is about the same. The big difference is that with the Pop Cap games, you get some nice graphics to distract you. A2SD is supported: 26.70MB to 625K after the move to SD card. (Note: a previous reviewer fixed their problems by moving the app off the SD card. I didn't need to do this, but if you are having troubles, try it.)
As far as the game goes.... The graphics look nice on my screen. Though, I'm not too fond of the controls. I found they work better for me in "Fixed" mode vs "Floating" (this can be changed on the option screen). The game play is good, but I'm only on level 3.
It's too bad this game doesn't seem to be working for other EVO users. I always read the reviews for each free-app-of-the-day to get a feel if an app is for me or not, and this is the first app I've seen that EVO users are having issues with. (Though there are other phones having the same issues.)
And for you people complaining about the complainers, get a life. The only way to get anything fixed or changed is to speak up about it. And everyone has the right to voice their opinion. It's not like there's a list of incompatible devices and people are still installing the app on those devices, and then complaining that it doesn't work (yes, that is pretty stupid). But obviously, people are having issues and it's just not one brand of device. So far problems have been reported on: EVO, Fascinate, Galaxy, Honeycomb, MyTouch, Nexus One, Nexus S, Nook Color, Optimus V, Thunderbolt, Transformer, Xoom (I'm sure more will follow). And these problems seem to be not even constant across the brands either--it works for some people and not for others while using the same type of device. It's clear the app is the problem, not the devices.
Image copyright Microsoft Image caption Halo 5 is one of the most hotly anticipated video games of the year
Some gamers eager to play Halo 5, one of the most hotly anticipated Xbox One games of the year, have expressed frustration over slow downloads.
Several would-be players of the new title, which launched on Tuesday, have posted comments online complaining that the game is taking "hours" to download.
Halo 5, which is available digitally, is 55 gigabytes (GB) but also includes a patch of a further 9GB.
The patch must be downloaded on launch day in order to play online.
One Twitter user commented that their download had been running for over seven hours.
"7 and a a [sic] half hours later and halo 5 hasn't finish game installation download... [Never mind] the online updates," they wrote.
Another, on Reddit, said their download became "stuck" at 85%. A few hours later they added a comment explaining that the download had completed.
"Now it's 9:00am and I got work in 20 minutes. So much for sleep lol," they wrote
Yet another added , "Started my installation nearly 10 hours ago and when I woke up this morning my download was at 34%. I am absolutely furious."
Microsoft was unable to provide comment.
Digital disappointment
Issues with downloading large video game installation and update files are increasingly common, according to Piers Harding-Rolls, a games analyst at IHS.
"If you go for a digital version you've got to download the whole game and if it's a very popular one you're likely to be dealing with a slow network as well," he told the BBC.
While there are advantages in the sense that games can be updated with new and improved content, problems can occur when new files fail to distribute smoothly, he added.
"From the consumer point of view, it's not great to have to wait many hours to get access to content," he said.
"This is an issue that console companies and publishers really need to look at seriously."
Mr Harding-Rolls suggested that the approach of "pre-loading", in which a video game is downloaded to a console and then activated on launch day, is a good way around the problem.
While the main game file for Halo 5 did pre-load for many users, they were still forced to wait for the 9GB update file to download and install before they could start playing online.
It's not the largest "day-one patch" there's been. Elder Scrolls Online, for example, which launched on PS4 and Xbox One this summer, included a 15GB patch on launch day.
Leaks reveal that corporate front group ALEC may ask for loyalty oaths from legislators.
ALEC met again last week. Maybe it adopted the loyalty oath then. Again, the public doesn't know because ALEC excluded reporters and citizens from its work sessions.
Witch hunter Joseph McCarthy would be proud of ALEC. So proud! Like McCarthy, the shadowy corporate lobby group wants oaths of allegiance.
McCarthy demanded loyalty pledges to the United States. ALEC, by contrast, wants its lawmaker members to vow first allegiance to ALEC.
This summer, ALEC (the sham that calls itself the American Legislative Exchange Council) proposed asking the legislators it appoints as state directors to raise their right wings and swear: “I will act with care and loyalty and put the interests of the organization first.”
ALEC first. Before the lawmaker's constituents. Before the interests of the lawmaker's state. Before the constitution of the United States. ALEC's proposal would require lawmakers to forsake their oaths of office and swear fidelity instead to the organization that wines, dines, indulges and indoctrinates them with buckets full of corporate cash. The idea of an ALEC loyalty oath clarifies the allegiance of the 1,810 state legislators that ALEC claims as members. They see their primary duty as serving corporations, specifically the corporations that give millions to ALEC.
Help keep this reporting possible by making a donation today.
ALEC claims it didn't adopt the loyalty oath. But citizens have no way of knowing if that's true because ALEC's meetings are clandestine affairs, no reporters or citizens allowed. Documents leaked to The Guardian reveal that ALEC proposed the oath at its August meeting. It's contained in a massive list of duties for state legislative coordinators, a list so long that it's not clear when coordinators would have time to work for the citizens of their state, a list complete with an agreement signature sheet where the coordinator would swear to complete the work for ALEC.
ALEC (All Legislation Enhancing Corporations) is a secretive corporate front group that solicits money from corporations and spends it flying lawmaker-members to conferences in swanky settings where they help corporate members write legislation to fatten the corporate bottom line. The lawmakers take ALEC legislation back to their states, where they often introduce it word-for-corporate-written-word, sometimes with the ALEC logo still affixed to the pages.
This process effectively eliminates those pesky voters from lawmaking. ALEC is the middleman bringing corporations and lawmakers together, facilitating a process in which corporations craft legislation for themselves, and then lawmakers—all fat and happy on the corporate dime—take that legislation home and get it passed. No citizen input needed, thank you.
“Stand your ground” laws are an ALEC achievement. These shoot-first-ask-questions-later decrees create deadly situations like the one in which George Zimmerman walked free after shooting unarmed teenager Trayvon Martin.
Shoot-first laws are great for gun manufacturers, assuring no liability for hotheads who rashly use their products. Florida's shoot-first law wasn't so great for Trayvon Martin. And, as it turns out, shoot-first wasn't great for ALEC, which lost about 400 lawmaker members and at least 40 significant corporate sponsors as a result of publicity linking ALEC to the shoot-first laws and other legislation detrimental to citizens, such as ALEC's voter suppression legislation requiring citizens to perform backflips through flaming hoops before exercising their most basic right in a democracy.
ALEC documents just leaked to The Guardian newspaper reveal the shadow group's latest campaign to enrich corporate members at the expense of citizens. ALEC wants homeowners who have bought and installed solar panels or wind turbines to pay utility companies to accept the excess electricity they generate.
When utilities get power from oil or coal-fired generators or nuclear plants, they pay for it. But ALEC's energy industry members want homeowners who produce renewable energy to be treated differently. They want homeowners who produce green electricity to pay the utility to take it, and then the utility would sell it.
The utility gets paid by both the energy producer and user! It's a win-win, where the utility wins twice. For green energy producers and consumers, it's a lose-lose.
Such legislation is the reason ALEC needs that loyalty oath—to get lawmakers to swear to serve corporations and ignore constituents.
ALEC met again last week. Maybe it adopted the loyalty oath then. Again, the public doesn't know because ALEC excluded reporters and citizens from its work sessions. It allowed reporters only to attend speeches by Republican publicity-seekers such as Ted Cruz, the Texas senator who insisted on shutting down the government for 16 days in a failed attempt to kill the Affordable Care Act and deny millions health insurance.
Cruz slandered Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), who conducted hearings earlier this year on ALEC's role in propagating shoot-first laws. In a warped attempt to be funny, Cruz attributed to Sen. Durbin a frightening McCarthy line. Cruz told the ALEC members: “I was just at the Capitol and I was asked to pass along an inquiry from Sen. Durbin: ‘Are you now or have you ever been a member of ALEC?' ”
Cruz is wrong. Americans should be asking that question because they can't be sure their state lawmakers haven't sworn first allegiance to ALEC and thus foresworn their duty to first serve the citizens of their states and uphold the constitution.
ALEC claims 1,810 state lawmakers hand over—or get their state taxpayers to pay for them—$100 ALEC membership dues. But that figure seems questionable. For example, ALEC claims every single legislator in Iowa—all 150 of them, Democrats included—and every single legislator in South Dakota—all 105 of them, Democrats included—are members. This is an organization that describes its mission as advancing free markets, limited government and federalism. Those are the priorities of the Tea Party, not Democrats.
While some organizations have tried to compile ALEC membership lists based on leaked ALEC documents, some individual lawmakers on those lists, particularly Democrats, have publicly denied any association with ALEC.
Voters have a right to know where the allegiance of their lawmakers' lies. They should be asking if their elected representatives have sworn to serve ALEC first. And if so, those should be the first to go.
High school algebra marks a key transition point in one's early mathematical education, and is a common point at which students feel that mathematics becomes really difficult. One of the reasons for this is that the problem-solving process for a high school algebra question is significantly more free-form than the mechanical algorithms one is taught for elementary arithmetic, and a certain amount of planning and strategy now comes into play. For instance, if one wants to, say, write as a mixed fraction, there is a clear (albeit lengthy) algorithm to do this: one simply sets up the long division problem, extracts the quotient and remainder, and organises these numbers into the desired mixed fraction. After a suitable amount of drill, this is a task that can be accomplished by a large fraction of students at the middle school level. But if, for instance, one has to solve a system of equations such as
for , there is no similarly mechanical procedure that can be easily taught to a high school student in order to solve such a problem “mindlessly”. (I doubt, for instance, that any attempt to teach Buchberger's algorithm to such students will be all that successful.) Instead, one is taught the basic “moves” (e.g. multiplying both sides of an equation by some factor, subtracting one equation from another, substituting an expression for a variable into another equation, and so forth), and some basic principles (e.g. simplifying an expression whenever possible, for instance by gathering terms, or solving for one variable in terms of others in order to eliminate it from the system). It is then up to the student to find a suitable combination of moves that isolates each of the variables in turn, to reveal their identities.
Once one is sufficiently expert in algebraic manipulation, this is not all that difficult to do, but when one is just starting to learn algebra, this type of problem can be quite daunting, in part because of an “embarrasment of riches”; there are several possible “moves” one could try to apply to the equations given, and to the novice it is not always clear in advance which moves will simplify the problem and which ones will make it more complicated. Often, such a student may simply try moves at random, which can lead to a dishearteningly large amount of effort expended without getting any closer to a solution. What is worse, each move introduces the possibility of an arithmetic error (such as a sign error), the effect of which is usually not apparent until the student finally arrives at his or her solution and either checks it against the original equation, or submits the answer to be graded. (My own son can get quite frustrated after performing a lengthy series of computations to solve an algebra problem, only to be told that the answer was wrong due to an arithmetic error; I am sure this experience is common to many other schoolchildren.)
It occurred to me recently, though, that the set of problem-solving skills needed to solve algebra problems (and, to some extent, calculus problems also) is somewhat similar to the set of skills needed to solve puzzle-type computer games, in which a certain limited set of moves must be applied in a certain order to achieve a desired result. (There are countless games of this general type; a typical example is “Factory balls“.) Given that the computer game format is already quite familiar to many schoolchildren, one could then try to teach the strategy component of algebraic problem-solving via such a game, which could automate mechanical tasks such as gathering terms and performing arithmetic in order to reduce some of the more frustrating aspects of algebra. (Note that this is distinct from the type of maths games one often sees on educational web sites, which are usually based on asking the player to correctly answer some maths problem in order to advance within the game, making the game essentially a disguised version of a maths quiz. Here, the focus is not so much on being able to supply the correct answer, but on being able to select an effective problem-solving strategy.)
It is difficult to explain in words exactly what type of game I have in mind, so I decided to create a quick mockup of what a sample “level” would look like here (note: requires Java). I didn't want to spend too much time to make this mockup, so I wrote it in Scratch, which is a somewhat limited programming language intended for use by children, but which has the benefit of being able to churn out simple but functional apps very quickly (the mockup took less than half an hour to write). (I would certainly not attempt to write a full game in this language, though.) In this mockup level, the objective is to solve a single linear equation in one variable, such as , with only two “moves” available: the ability to subtract from both sides of the equation, and the ability to divide both sides of the equation by , which one performs by clicking on an appropriate icon.
It seems to me that one could actually teach a fair amount of algebra through a game such as this, with a progressively difficult sequence of levels that gradually introduce more and more types of “moves” that can handle increasingly difficult problems (e.g. simultaneous linear equations in several unknowns, quadratic equations in one or more variables, inequalities, etc.). Even within a single class of problem, such as solving linear equations, one could create additional challenge by placing some restriction on the available moves, for instance by limiting the number of available moves (as was done in the mockup), or requiring that each move cost some amount of game currency (which might possibly be waived if one is willing to perform the move “by hand”, i.e. by entering the transformed equation manually). And of course one could also make the graphics, sound, and gameplay fancier (e.g. by allowing for various competitive gameplay modes). One could also imagine some other types of high-school and lower-division undergraduate mathematics being amenable to this sort of gamification (calculus and ODE comes to mind, and maybe propositional logic), though I doubt that one could use it effectively for advanced undergraduate or graduate topics. (Though I have sometimes wished for an “integrate by parts” or “use Sobolev embedding” button when trying to control solutions to a PDE…)
This would however be a fair amount of work to actually implement, and is not something I could do by myself with the time I have available these days. But perhaps it may be possible to develop such a game (or platform for such a game) collaboratively, somewhat in the spirit of the polymath projects? I have almost no experience in modern software development (other than a summer programming job I had as a teenager, which hardly counts), so I would be curious to know how projects such as this actually get started in practice.
By Jonathan Kay
In 2015, a group called Friends of Sir John A. Macdonald staged a party in downtown Toronto to celebrate the 200th birthday of Canada's first prime minister. Tickets were $130. The dress code was “Victorian top hats & long dresses – or your own national dress.”
This was just two years ago. But it feels longer than that. In the current political climate, with its relentless emphasis on Canada's history of residential schools and colonialist crimes, celebrating Macdonald's birthday in 19th-century formal wear is a risky move.
If a white painter inspired by an Anishinaabe artist can get her vernissage shut down for engaging in “cultural genocide,” who's to say a Macdonald bash in period costume won't be likened to Holocaust remembrance in SS cosplay.
Speaking at that 2015 event, Ontario's Lieutenant Governor made glancing allusion to the fact that Macdonald was “on occasion perceived to be insensitive and flawed.” But the main thrust was that our first PM was a progressive – “the first government leader in the world to attempt female franchise.” Such a speech now seems unimaginable. Last week, the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario (ETFO) advanced a motion demanding the removal of Macdonald's name from schools, to “recognize his central role as an architect of genocide against Indigenous peoples.” Activists in Regina, likewise, are seeking to remove a statue of Macdonald from a park. And councillors in Victoria are mulling the fate of a Macdonald statue outside city hall.
The issue is purely symbolic. But symbols are the binding agents that hold nations together. Macdonald was the founder of our political order. To blacklist him as a génocidaire is to reject the very idea of a Canadian project. Historical revisionism of this type easily morphs into a sort of social panic among intellectuals, whereby any form of patriotism is stigmatized as thought-crime, with pride in country cast as pride in ethnic cleansing.
Which is why so many of this year's Canada 150 activities felt awkward, or descended into farce. At high-concept spoken-word events here in Toronto, orators denounced our country as a racist, colonial, settler state, with some refusing to stand for the national anthem, leaving mortified audience members staring at their shoes. The most popular local Canada 150 attraction was a giant floating duck, which bobbed innocently around the harbour without casting moral judgment on the pale-faced onlookers desecrating traditional Ojibway lands.
ETFO's timing was impeccable – just three weeks after Heather Heyer was cut down during a rally by white nationalists who'd assembled in support of a bronze version of confederate leader Robert E. Lee. Never have our “beautiful statues and monuments” (to borrow Donald Trump's phrase) been more vulnerable.
Like many of Trump's hardcore base, these haters are swept up in their own dangerous and deeply regressive form of social panic. And Donald Trump, true to form, is playing to it masterfully, using the statues as symbols of a traditional America under siege by sinister multiculturalists. “This week, it's [the statue of confederate leader] Robert E. Lee,” he told reporters on Aug. 15. “Is it George Washington next week and is it Thomas Jefferson the week after? You know, you really do have to ask yourself, where does it stop?” If Fox & Friends ever gets around to covering the ETFO, you can bet the President will be tweeting, “Just as I predicted!”
These two forms of social panic – among the left in Canada, and the right in the U.S. – may come off as diametrically opposed. Yet they are both symptoms of the same larger, centrifugal phenomenon: In the age of social media, ordinary centrists – moderate Republicans, Red Tories, suburban Democrats and Liberals – have increasingly opted out of the culture wars.
It's not so much that there has been an upsurge in radicalism. It's that radicals on both sides now punch far above their weight, because they are the only ones engaging intensely with the world of ideas, while the rest of us watch Netflix.
Yes, white nationalism is a real problem. But remember that the actual number of alt-right protestors in Charlottesville was relatively small, and attendance at follow-up events was pathetic. Images of pot-bellied white men carrying Nazi flags make for sensational Facebook click-bait, but the data show no spike in old-school KKK-style racism. (Only 9% of Americans, for instance, say that intermarriage is bad for the country, down from 14% during Barack Obama's first term.) If this constituency has become more prominent and influential in recent years, it's because online outlets such as Breitbart, Reddit and The Rebel allow them to form echo chambers without going through traditional gatekeepers; and because video footage amplifies the emotional impact of their hate.
Meanwhile, traditional conservatives are now playing defense full-time, distancing themselves from a U.S. President who has disgraced their ideological camp. In Canada, in particular, the dialogue on the right is almost entirely about how to cope with the toxic spillover from the lunatics running the White House. There's little motivation for anyone thoughtful to raise their voice. When's the last time you heard a mainstream Canadian conservative advance a genuinely new policy idea?
Among writers and editors on the left, the problem of centrist reticence arises from the (entirely defensible) idea that the most morally urgent problem in our society is racism. According to the most doctrinaire view, the role of a white writer or editor is to either uncritically boost the voices of blacks and Indigenous people, or simply shut up and get out of the way. One may still witness sparks of intellectual vibrancy among Jewish, Muslim and immigrant writers – who are unburdened by any ancestral or creedal linkage to residential schools. But Canada's WASP firmament now exists as a sad wasteland of white guilt. And most of its aging giants, including the Rosedale socialites who once proudly paraded around in Victorian garb on Macdonald's birthday, are grabbing wildly at the ankles of whatever anti-racist cause happens to be trending the strongest on their Facebook feed.
This agonizing over the original sin of white racism also allows sentimental social justice proponents to make excuses for even the most extreme forms of Antifa violence – on the theory that criticizing the savage beating of a right-wing protestor by a left-wing mob would somehow play to the advantage of neo-Nazis.
There are signs, however, that thoughtful people are beginning to find their voice.
It was interesting to observe, for instance, that the ETFO motion received a cold response from government leaders – including Justin Trudeau, who declared that Macdonald's name would not be removed from any building or program under federal control. Ontario premier Kathleen Wynne said the same thing about her province's schools (although, true to form, she drenched her statement in much politically-correct bafflegab). Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall asked, in not entirely un-Trumpian tones, “Is it not a short walk between the calls to remove the name of our first prime minister from schools, to the closing of the Lincoln memorial in Washington D.C.?”
These politicians are accountable to the silent majority – including those who don't have Twitter accounts – which helps explain their position. Yet even the liberal Toronto Star has critiqued the ETFO proposal, publishing at least three articles rejecting the de-Macdonaldification of public institutions. At the very least, I'm just glad that the Star and other outlets seem prepared to discuss the subject rationally – something that would have been impossible last spring, at the high-water mark of Canada 150 social panic.
If things do indeed turn around in Canada, much of the thanks will be owed to Indigenous intellectuals, who (unlike me) have the moral authority to set the terms of debate – just as it is moderate Republicans in the United States who have the sole power to reign in the Make American Great Again extremists who've hijacked the GOP. No less an expert than Sen. Murray Sinclair, chair of the Indian Residential Schools Truth and Reconciliation Commission, sensibly declared that tearing down statues of Canadian historical figures would be “counterproductive” to reconciliation efforts. And journalist Robert Jago urged groups such as the ETFO to spend more time on the real problems faced by Indigenous communities, and less on virtue-signalling their progressive attitudes on “flavour-of-the-month” causes.
We need more voices like this. Ashamed of right-wing xenophobia, and intimidated by leftist dogmas, too many Canadians have ceded the marketplace of ideas to the fringes. To speak common sense in this age requires courage, but it is the only way to return intellectual life to sound moorings.
Twitter: @jonkay
As expected, USA Cycling announced today that the U.S. Cyclocross National Championships will move back to December, starting with December 2018. This means that 2018 will get two championships. The first in January in Reno and the second in Louisville, Kentucky, in December. Along with the announcement to move Nationals back to December, USAC also announced Louisville and Tacoma, Washington, will host the 2018 (v2.0) and 2019 CXNats. Also notable, is that the Louisville CXNats will not take place in Eva Bandman Park, the venue that hosted the 2013 UCI Cyclocross World Championship, but rather a new location, Joe Creason Park. The new location, which was the backup course for 2013 Worlds, will also host this year's Pan American Cyclocross Championship.
I had the opportunity to chat with Micah Rice, USAC Vice President of National Events, about the move to December and the new locations on the latest Crosshairs Radio, which is posted now. In that conversation we do a deeper dive into the reasons why the change was made to January, six years ago, and what prompted the move back to December. We also talk about the new locations and other cyclocross issues like the state of the PROCX. Give it a listen here:
Episode 68 is sponsored by Health IQ. If you have a minute, please fill out a quick questionnaire. You'll find out more info on life insurance and help Crosshairs Radio grow: HealthIQ.com/cxhairs.
Thanks as always for tuning in. If this is your first time listening, you can explore the rest of our episodes here. You can support the show and this site by checking out our swag at www.crosshairscycling.com/shop. Also visit www.cyclocrossbook.com to get your copy of Skills Drills and Bellyaches: A Cyclocross Primer.
Crosshairs Radio is part of the Wide Angle Podium podcast network. Check out www.wideanglepodium.com, listen to the shows, and consider becoming a member.
Please subscribe to Crosshairs Radio and all of the Wide Angle Podium shows on iTunes, if that's how you consume podcasts. Also, rate and review on iTunes, even if it's not the way you consume podcasts.You can follow the show on Twitter at @crosshairsradio. You can follow me, @cxhairs, on Instagram and Twitter. Have a question, comment, complaint or general inquiry? Hit us up at feedback@cxhairs.com. And don't hesitate to call the hot line: 405-CXHAIRS.
iTunes: itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/crosshairs-radio
Direct download: traffic.libsyn.com/crosshairsradio/Crosshairs_Radio_ep_68_mixdown.mp3
Crosshairs Radio RSS Feed: crosshairsradio.wideanglepodium.libsynpro.com/rss
Also check out Micah's first appearance on Crosshairs Radio where we get into even more depth about cyclocross in the U.S. and USAC's role in it. It's here: www.cxhairs.com/2016/08/25/crosshairs-radio-episode-40-micah-rice.
If you're just looking for the nitty gritty, here is the press release from USA Cycling announcing the date change and the 2018 and 2019 host citites:
USA Cycling Announces 2018 and 2019 Cyclocross National Championships
Nationals Moving Back to December
Colorado Springs, Colo. (Mar. 10, 2017) – USA Cycling announced today that Louisville, Ky., and Tacoma, Wash., have been awarded the 2018 and 2019 USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championships, respectively. After engaging the Cyclocross community, USA Cycling will move the National Championships back to December.
“The Cyclocross National Championships are one of our most prestigious and well attended events and we are excited to partner with two very strong cycling communities,” said Micah Rice, USA Cycling Vice President of National Events. “Both areas are hotbeds for cyclocross and have the passionate grassroots racing community, proven event promoters and supportive civic leadership to ensure strong, successful events.”
Joe Creason Park, a new cyclocross venue for Louisville, will play host to the 2018 National Championships. “Louisville is a vibrant and welcoming community for both recreational and competitive cyclists” said Karl Schmitt, president and CEO of the Louisville Sports Commission. “We've successfully hosted numerous, championship-level cycling competitions over the past twenty years, including the UCI Elite and Masters Cyclocross World Championships, and we're thrilled with the opportunity to host the USA Cycling Cyclocross National Championships.
The competition then moves to the northwest in 2019 to Steilacoom Park just south of the Seattle-Tacoma International airport. “Alongside all of our state and regional cyclocross partners, we have been preparing for this for a long time,” said Dean Burke, Executive Director, Tacoma South Sound Sports Commission. “The City of Lakewood has been a star for openly embracing cyclocross the way they have. Without the right venues, agencies like ours cannot do our job and Lakewood's Fort Steilacoom Park stands as an iconic venue for the sport in the Pacific Northwest.”
After six years in January, the event returns to its traditional mid-December timeframe. “We solicited feedback from our cyclocross community including athletes, parents, race directors and our advisory Cyclocross Committee and there was overwhelming support to return to December,” said Rice. “We believe this is very positive move and will work closely with any affected December races to ensure their continued success.”
Given the move back to December, 2018 will have two National Championships in one calendar year. The first is scheduled for Reno, Nev., next January and was originally awarded in January 2015. Louisville and Tacoma will be the 45th and 46th installments of the annual championships.
June 4, 2013 -- Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal -- Registrations are now open for the Australia-Venezuela Solidarity Network's next brigade to revolutionary Venezuela.
The solidarity tour, to run from December 4 to 13 this year, will be the first AVSN brigade since the election of President Nicolas Maduro following the death of Hugo Chavez.
Since 1998, when Chavez was first elected president, the Bolivarian revolution has achieved remarkable gains by putting control of Venezuela's politics and economy back into the hands of the poor majority. Despite the challenges created by Chavez's death, in particular the United States-backed opposition's campaign to undermine the new president and government of Venezuela, this people power driven revolution continues to flourish, defying all attempts to destroy it.
The December solidarity brigade will be a unique an opportunity to observe firsthand, learn about and be inspired by a grassroots mass movement that is transforming not only Venezuela, but all of Latin America, and is challenging the greed and destructiveness of global capitalism by showing that a better world is possible.
This is the 14th study tour organised by the AVSN. The exact itinerary is being planned in consultation with the AVSN's partners in Venezuela, however, the 10-day tour will include visits to social missions, communal councils and communes, as well as production cooperatives, public health and education services, sustainable development projects, community-controlled media, and women's and Indigenous people's organisations and projects.
It will also include the opportunity to observe Venezuela's democratic system at work, during the December 8 nationwide municipal elections.
Brigade participants will meet with a wide range of grassroots organisations, community activists, trade unions and government representatives to learn more about the participatory democracy and “socialism of the 21st century” being created by the Venezuelan people.
Accommodation and transport within Venezuela, and English-Spanish translation throughout the brigade, will be organised for all participants by the AVSN.
Participants will need to book their own international airfares. We advise that you talk to the AVSN before purchasing your tickets.
In addition to your international airfare, you will need to budget for approximately $1200. This will cover your brigade registration fee ($500 for waged workers or $350 for students/pensioners), and your food, transport and (shared) accommodation in Venezuela.
The registration deadline for the brigade is September 1, 2013.
For more information, email: info@venezuelasolidarity.org, or phone Jim on 0423 741 734, Roberto on 0425 182 994 or Lisa on 0413 031 108.
Visit http://www.venezuelasolidarity.org.
Joe Harmison at DFW Prescriptions has become a de facto cop in the wake of the opioid crisis.
GRAND PRAIRIE, Texas — Pharmacist Joe Harmison has been burglarized so many times, he protects his business with a siren-and-strobe-light security system. He keeps his most potent pain pills locked in a gun safe, in a room protected by a steel door.
Still, he was hit with two attempted break-ins in two days last month.
It's the price he pays for running a pharmacy as an opioid epidemic sweeps the United States.
advertisement
The crisis has upended many lives. Pharmacists, however, are in an especially tough position, pulled between patients in dire need of relief and people addicted to opioids who will stop at nothing to get their hands on the drugs. More than 4 million Americans abuse prescription painkillers, federal data show, and such gnawing need has fueled a thriving black market.
From behind their counters, pharmacists are increasingly, and controversially, called upon to play drug cop — to turn away abusers, to reject phony prescriptions, and to protect their inventory of pills from criminals who see pharmacies as an easy target.
“It's a role that's been given to us, and many pharmacists choose to embrace it, while others run as far away and as fast as they can,” Harmison said.
“People say, ‘It's not fun. It's not what I signed on for.' But the way I see it, it's what I'm supposed to do. I'm entrusted with these chemicals,” he said. “Not to be judicious would not be fulfilling my oath.”
A gregarious 69-year-old with a soft Texas drawl, Harmison challenges prescriptions written by doctors from fly-by-night clinics. He flatly turns away some customers, like the guy who drove to this town on the outskirts of Dallas in a vehicle with Louisiana license plates and presented a prescription written by a doctor in Houston, 300 miles away. Not only that, the guy insisted on paying cash.
“I've told people, ‘It looks like this prescription has been altered. I suggest you turn around and get out of here because I am going to call the cops,'” Harmison said.
He knows he's putting himself in danger by turning away addicts who want pills. He points to marks on the frame of his pharmacy's steel door — gouges where intruders have tried to wedge their way past and get at the drugs. These people are determined. Some could come back, angry and armed. “And that,” he said, “I don't need.”
But he's willing to take the risk — in the name of both protecting his integrity and the public health.
Pharmacist Joe Harmison said he has turned away customers seeking opioid drug prescriptions that he believes are fraudulent. Kim Leeson for STAT
An arrest at the pharmacy counter
Others aren't so sure.
The expectation that they act as watchdogs has sent ripples of controversy among the nation's 300,000 pharmacists. Some worry that they'll hurt legitimate patients by denying them medication they desperately need. Challenging criminals could also put a pharmacist's life at risk or tie him up as a witness in lengthy trials.
“Every time I pick up a pharmacist magazine I read where some pharmacist is caught up in a legal battle because they had to play drug cop,” one pharmacist wrote on the blog Pharm QD.“I mean seriously, we are pharmacists, not the” Drug Enforcement Administration.
Another wrote that there isn't enough time to play detective: “Our attentions should be with the patients, anyway.”
Richard Logan believes they're wrong. He has the street credentials to show he's serious about tackling prescription drug abuse: He's both a pharmacist and a working detective — an investigator in a multiagency drug task force for Mississippi and Scott counties in southeast Missouri.
“My colleagues do not want to do what I do,” said Logan, 63. “There have been multiple occasions where I have badged people at my pharmacy counter and arrested them right there.”
He relishes slapping those handcuffs on offenders.
“When I see someone trying to abuse the system, in my mind they're standing in the way of patients who really need those drugs,” he said. “They're bastardizing the good work that pharmacists are trying to do. So, yeah, putting the cuffs on them feels pretty darn good.”
Not long ago, Logan helped track a doctor who was writing illegal scripts for Schedule II drugs such as OxyContin, Demerol, and Vicodin, which are classified as having high potential for abuse. When the day came for the arrest, his colleagues let him take the doctor down.
“I'll arrest a doctor, nurse, or pharmacist,” he said. “I have a photo I keep on my cell phone with this physician bent over his vehicle as I put the cuffs on him. It's one of my proudest moments.”
Other pharmacists also take the issue personally.
“Those people with bad scripts could be selling these drugs to my kids, or to someone who might get so high they run over one of my kids,” said Frank Iannarone III, a pharmacist in Madison, N.J.
Despite the challenges posed by the opioid crisis, Joe Harmison is against proposals to toughen access to such medications for patients who may legitimately need them. Kim Leeson for STAT
Empathy for the daily battles with pain
The other day, as Harmison sipped a cup of afternoon tea, his cell phone rang with a call from a local detective.
The cop was following up on an attempted burglary of his pharmacy last month. Surveillance cameras caught the criminals wearing gloves, face masks, and hooded sweatshirts as they tried to dismantle Harmison's security system. The intruders returned one night later, this time entering the pharmacy to search for drugs. The break-in was foiled by the steel door leading to the dispensing room.
Harmison was lucky: Another nearby pharmacy had also recently been hit, and there the bad guys made off with medications carrying a street value of about $1 million.
As the detective talked, Harmison nodded a few times. He hung up with a sigh. “I think it's gonna go nowhere,” he said of his case. “There's nothing to go on.”
Though he's frustrated by all the fraudulent prescriptions that come his way, Harmison sees the legitimate need for these powerful drugs every day. The patients who need them are the customers he serves every day in his pharmacy, a converted physician's office tucked away in a business complex across the street from Texas General Hospital here in Grand Prairie, a western suburb of Dallas.
Harmison knows most of his customers by name and has studied the details of their diseases — the cancer or other maladies that make each waking hour a battle of pain so acute it often threatens their sanity.
He doesn't want to make it harder for these patients to get the relief they need.
That's why he's has testified before Congress against proposals to toughen access to the medications he dispenses.
“There are people who really need this drug, who do good just to get out of bed with their terminal illnesses,” he said. “Do you really want them to have to get to their doctor every time they need a refill?”
Harmison stood before the computer in his dispensary, filling prescriptions beneath shelved bottles of antibiotics and muscle relaxants. He's comfortable as drug cop. But he also wants to continue to be the friendly neighborhood pharmacist of Grand Prairie.
Friends have suggested he put bars on his windows and doors. He won't do it. “If I have to do that, I'm retiring, I'm going home,” he said. “I am not going to work inside a cell.”
You've always had an inkling that this might be true, and now here comes Science to validate your gut: children with low IQs tend to grow up to be prejudiced adults who often adopt socially conservative ideologies. The "liberal elite" is not in your imagination, friends. Fox News viewers really are that dumb!
The study, conducted by Brock University in Ontario's Gordon Hodson and published in a recent issue of the Journal of Psychological Science, analyzed data assembled from two separate studies in order to examine the link between cognitive ability and prejudice.
The first study examined two groups of British adults, one born in 1958 and the other born in 1970. Both groups were assessed for intelligence at age 10 or 11, and then a followup was conducted when they were between the ages of 30 and 33. During the initial test, children were asked to complete tasks that tested their abilities to reason and remember. During the followup two decades later, researchers assessed the subjects' level of prejudice and degree of socially conservative views. "Social conservatism" was determined by asking subjects to respond to a series of questions like "Family life suffers if mom is working full time" or "I wouldn't mind working with other races." In this study, children with low scores on the first set of tests tended to grow up to exhibit prejudiced and socially conservative viewpoints on the second set of tests.
As LiveScience's Stephanie Pappas mentions, the questionnaire didn't test for secretly racist thoughts, and thus the more intelligent subjects may still have been prejudiced, but just better at lying about it. The study also found that low intelligence children tended to have fewer encounters with people of other races, and that the lack of contact may have contributed to their prejudiced adult attitudes.
The second study analyzed by the Canadian researchers examined Americans' attitude toward homosexuality. The study found that people with poorer abstract reasoning skills tended to be more homophobic, even when researchers controlled for education level.
Advertisement
The Canadian researchers hypothesize that people who "have trouble grasping the complexity of the world" may tend toward prejudice and conservatism because they crave structure and can't process chaos and nuance. Religion, authoritarianism, and isolationism appeal to a desire for order in a world that offers few absolutes.
Obviously, this doesn't mean that every single liberal is smarter than every single conservative, or that every single conservative was a rubber cement huffing boogereater as a kid. And this doesn't mean that being dumb caused all those people to vote for George W Bush's 2004 reelection (although that may have helped). But this study does provide insight into the link between ideology and intelligence, and it's an interesting new way to make your Tea Partying uncle get really mad at you at the next family gathering.
Not that any of this hoity-toity "science" crap will matter to all the Real Americans posting about "illegals" on your Facebook news feed. But, for now, feel free to bask.
Advertisement
Low IQ & Conservative Beliefs Linked to Prejudice [LiveScience]
That is the best Spawn sketch card ever. It was drawn by the madman genius known as Nar! It is nestled comfortably in our collection now that it has been freed from the chains of its foil wrapping in a pack of 2006 Family Guy 2 trading cards by Inkworks.
But who is Spawn? Spawn is the brainchild of Todd McFarlane. Spawn changed the world of comic books forever. Spawn evolved into a company that changed the world of action figures forever. And yes, Spawn had his own movie.
That is a full scale Violator sculpture by a brilliant artist named Evan Campbell. Evan worked on the original Spawn movie in 1996 and 1997. Now, 15 years later, Todd McFarlane is talking about making a new Spawn movie. And Evan Campbell is making more sculptures. Coincidence, or the best of both worlds? Look closely into the clay and see if you can find out.
I had a chocolate labrador that literally wouldn't shut up. Since I found http://OnlineDogTraining.enle.info/?9TT1 She was 4 years old, we had our son and her barking was keeping him up at night. So my grandfather told me take a soda can put some change in it and tape the lid shut (I used duct-tape). Every time she barked I would shake the can and say quiet in a stearn voice. The sound startled her into stop barking then she heard my command. It took about a week and she stopped. You must not allow the dog to bark at all though. If you do then they will do it when they are not supposed to ie, when your not home. As far as for when your not home, I think the only none electrical, spray thing I can think of is a soft mussel. They can drink with the soft mussel on and it doesn't hurt them, they just can't bark or bite. From what I understand it is very hard to get a dog to stop barking at an advanced age. You are trying to stop something that is ingrained in them to do. Now a few questions for you, are the dogs being crated trained? If they are crated trying to put a light blanket over the crate, to limit the stimuli around them. Do they have access to windows? What is the reason they are barking? Maybe it is something in there surroundings causing them to bark. Maybe people talking, people walking by, animals outside. If this is the case then maybe try limiting there access to these stimuli. Maybe crating them in a secluded area of the house to limit stimuli. Make it so they cannot see out the window any more. If it is seperation anxiety, take an old t-shirt sleep in for a night and then put it in the dogs crate with him. It will smell like you and help the dog feel more at ease. I did this when I went away to the hospital to have our son. It helped Kaylea alot.These are all thing my grandfather suggested to me for my dog. I tried them all but the crate training as I don't really believe in it. Reducing the stimuli greatly reduced her barking. The only thing that stopped it was the "noise can" I called it
President Obama will debut his plans for comprehensive immigration reform at an event Tuesday in Las Vegas, the White House said Friday.
ADVERTISEMENT
In a statement, the White House said the president's proposal would call for legislation to create a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants. Obama held a strategy session Friday with members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, telling the lawmakers that reform efforts would be "a top priority" in his second term.
"The President was pleased to hear from CHC members and noted that they share the same vision, including that any legislation must include a path to earned citizenship," the White House statement said. "The President further noted that there is no excuse for stalling or delay."
The White House described Obama's trip to Nevada on Tuesday as an opportunity to "redouble" efforts to fix the immigration system within the next year.
At the White House briefing Friday, press secretary Jay Carney said Obama would largely "speak about the blueprint that has been available to the public for more than a year" at the event.
But, Carney said, the president "hopes that [the] dynamic has changed" with congressional Republicans, saying the White House saw a new "willingness" from across the aisle to address immigration questions and hoped "what was once a bipartisan effort will continue to be a bipartisan effort."
Among those in attendance at Friday's White House meeting with Obama were Sen. Robert Menendez Robert (Bob) MenendezActing Defense chief calls Graham an 'ally' after tense exchange William Barr is right man for the times This week: Trump delivers State of the Union amid wall fight MORE (D-N.J.), House Democratic Caucus Chairman Xavier Becerra Xavier BecerraOvernight Health Care: Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Washington state to sue Trump administration overrule targeting Planned Parenthood NY, California and Washington threaten to sue over Trump rule to restrict abortion referrals MORE (D-Calif.), Rep. Rubén Hinojosa (D-Texas), Rep. Ben Luján (D-N.M.) and Rep. Luis Gutiérrez (D-Ill.).
"After today's meeting, it's clear that President Obama is determined to fix our long broken immigration system," Becerra said in a statement following the meeting. "The President expressed a great sense of urgency and that comprehensive immigration reform, including an earned path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, is his top legislative priority."
The CHC developed a nine-point immigration plan earlier this year that is likely to serve as the template for the president's immigration reform efforts.
"Immigrants need action now and immigration reform cannot wait," Gutierrez said in a statement after the White House meeting. "We have a unique opportunity to finally put our government on the side of hard-working immigrants. We all need to work together — the President and Congress, Republicans and Democrats — to get something done right away."
The caucus's ambitious overhaul calls for a pathway to permanent residency and eventual citizenship for undocumented immigrants, new work visas for skilled professionals and the establishment of an employment verification system.
The Associated Press reported Friday that that the White House will debut its plan separate from a bipartisan Senate working group that also hopes to outline its proposals next week.
The president has said that he is "very confident that we can get immigration reform done" and suggested he would debut his plan early in his second term.
"I think it should include a continuation of the strong border security measures that we've taken, because we have to secure our borders," Obama said at a press conference shortly after winning reelection.
"I think it should contain serious penalties for companies that are purposely hiring undocumented workers and taking advantage of them. And I do think that there should be a pathway for legal status for those who are living in this country, are not engaged in criminal activity, are here simply to work."
Earlier this month, Carney hinted that Obama would use his State of the Union address to push for reform.
"I would say, broadly speaking, that State of the Union addresses tend to include at least a sample of a president's agenda," Carney said at his daily press briefing. "And immigration reform, comprehensive immigration reform, is a very high priority of the president's. But I don't want to get ahead of the speech."
Republicans have also been aggressive in pushing new immigration reforms, with Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Fla.) spearheading efforts.
In interviews earlier this month, Rubio called for a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants who are already in the United States. Under the plan, immigrants would likely be assessed a fine and back taxes, undergo a background check and work through a lengthy probationary period.
That's a break from some Republicans, who have suggested that a pathway to citizenship would be tantamount to amnesty for illegal immigrants. But it's also a far more conservative plan than the one advocated by the White House and one that has gained traction among top conservative leaders, including Rep. Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.).
Carney said last week that Rubio's comments "bode well" for striking a deal on reform.
"We are encouraged — referring now to recent reports ‚ that Sen. Rubio's thinking — as reported — so closely reflects the president's blueprint for reform," Carney said. "The president has long called for partners from both sides of the aisle. And he has lamented the absence of partners from the other side of the aisle. It used to be a bipartisan pursuit, comprehensive immigration reform. For a while, it ceased to be. But he certainly hopes that it will be in the future."
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R) on Friday argued Republicans must embrace comprehensive reform.
“In some conservative circles, the word 'comprehensive' in the context of immigration reform is an epithet — a code word for amnesty. People who oppose such reform declare that securing the United States border must come before moving toward broader reform,” Bush and conservative immigration scholar Clint Bolick wrote in the Wall Street Journal.
“Such an approach is shortsighted and self-defeating."
— Updated at 2:08 p.m.
Producer and musician Steve Albini is a pretty incredible dude. A few hours ago, this four-page letter to Nirvana surfaced on imgur, and there's no many notable bullet points — suggesting Pachyderm Studio in Cannon Falls, Minnesota; the “producer as plumber” mentality — that it'd be impossible to do it justice without just copy/pasting the entire thing. Albini went on to produce In Utero, and with that record just celebrating its 20th anniversary, well, this is all sorts of timely.
(Note: we're sure this has made the rounds before, but it's well worth another look. It's that fascinating.)
UPDATE September 26, 12:20 AM EST: Looks like this letter is included in the In Utero 20th anniversary super deluxe edition.
Print it out, take it to the bathroom, and dig in to brilliance.
A closer look…
Using a new map tool released Thursday, anyone can now easily view the location of every utility-scale wind project and wind-related manufacturing facility in the U.S. With the very first American Wind Week in full swing, the American Wind Energy Association (AWEA) released the map to help people visualize the growth of America's largest source of renewable energy capacity.
"Wind power has become a vital part of the U.S. economy, drawing billions of dollars in capital investment to rural communities each year and supporting over 100,000 U.S. jobs across all 50 states," said John Hensley, deputy director of industry data and analysis for AWEA. "I'm pleased this new map tool helps Americans visualize how world-class U.S. wind resources are being put to work in all parts of the county."
A time-lapse feature built into the map shows the progress of wind power development across the country. Starting from 1981 in the passes of California where the first modern wind energy projects were completed, users can see the story of American wind power unfold across heartland states like Texas, Iowa, Oklahoma and Kansas, and eventually to the first U.S. offshore wind project completed off Rhode Island in 2016.
The map also features markers for the more than 500 wind-related manufacturing facilities in the U.S. today. These factories support 25,000 U.S. manufacturing jobs across 41 states.
AWEA's new map utilizes only a small percentage of the full wind project and manufacturing data available to AWEA members through Market Database Pro, a comprehensive, interactive database of all online, under construction and advanced development wind projects, and all active wind-related manufacturing facilities. More than 50 data points are provided at both the project and turbine level, with advanced interactive mapping services including filtered search capabilities, summary maps and political boundaries.
This week is the inaugural #AmericanWindWeek, dedicated to U.S. leadership in wind power. Wind is the largest source of American renewable energy capacity, supporting more than 100,000 U.S. jobs across all 50 states, with nearly 85,000 MW of installed capacity at the end of the second quarter of 2017.
