Something pretty interesting has been happening in the GPU IP industry as of late. Intel introduced its brand-new Devil's Canyon NUC with AMD XConncect technology and it has already previously stated its plans to adopt FreeSync in upcoming iGPUs. With the cross-licensing agreement it has from Nvidia set to expire in Q1 2017 – whispers are starting that the silicon giant may be seeking a partnership with AMD this time around.
Intel reportedly in talks to license AMD's GPU IP
Intel currently has a cross-licensing agreement with Nvidia which allows it to use its GPU intellectual property in its own homemade iGPUs. This particular deal with Nvidia, which will expire in Q1 2017 is the source of approximately 66 Million Dollars per quarter for Nvidia Corporation (or approximately $264 Million per fiscal year) since it gets a piece of the pie for every iGPU Intel ships. According to whispers however, Intel is now in talks with AMD to take over from Q1 2017.
Intel supports AMD FreeSync and AMD XConnect Technology
Intel has been venturing into AMD territory for quite a while now. It pledged support for the AMD powered FreeSync technology (aka VESA A Sync) over Nvidia's proprietary G-Sync for its future processors and also recently released its flagship Skull Canyon NUC with support for AMD XConnect tech. All these point towards a fondness for the mostly open source nature of the red silicon maker. While there is no word on the exact dollar figures of this particular deal it is quite possible that AMD is willing to offer a sweeter deal than Nvidia.
Currently, the most powerful iGPU Intel has is the Iris Pro 580 (approximately equal to a desktop GTX 750) which is insanely powerful for an integrated GPU. If this deal with AMD is successful however, than we might actually see it shifting to something very similar to a GCN based architecture depending on what kind of licensing they are able to achieve.
Implications of a cross licensing deal with AMD
FBR & Co.'s Christopher Rolland, who has a Market Perform rating on shares of AMD, sees the potential appeal of AMD's technology in Intel's data center server chips, but he also sees a bargaining chip against Nvidia:
For Intel, a potential deal would enable the company to boost the graphics performance in their own chips, or perhaps to use high performance GPUs in areas of data center. While less likely a motivation for Intel, such a deal may also give them IP ammunition just in case NVIDIA decided to renew litigation once their cross-licensing agreement expires in early 2017. via Barrons
There could be several caveats associated with this idea however, one of the primary ones being that Nvidia holds the IP of some key GPU technologies that are employed in modern GPUs. Shifting over to AMD might actually require Intel to have a cross licensing agreement with both companies. Then again, Nvidia was not able to enforce its patents in the Nvidia v Samsung case, which is a very big precedent in the industrial world – so it could easily end up happening with or without Nvidia's consent.
As far as financial outlooks go – according to Barrons, investors of Nvidia aren't expecting this deal to be renewed after the royalty ‘cliff' in 2017. In fact if it ends up being renewed, this will be something that will exceed analyst expectations. AMD on the other hand could stand to benefit greatly from an agreement like this. Not only could ~50 Million dollars make the difference between being in profit (at Net Income) but it could help solidify its RTG momentum that has been such a resounding success so far.
TEHRAN, Iran - Iran is ready to revive talks with the world powers, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Thursday, as toughening sanctions aim at forcing Tehran to sharply scale back its nuclear program.
Even so, he insisted that the pressures will not force Iran to give up its demands, including to continue enriching uranium, that led to the collapse of dialogue last year.
The United States and its allies want Iran to halt making nuclear fuel, which they worry could eventually lead to weapons-grade material and the production of nuclear weapons.
Iran says its program is for peaceful purposes  generating electricity and producing medical radioisotopes to treat cancer patients.
Logan: Iran has been "ready" for talks before
The 27-member European Union imposed an oil embargo against Iran on Monday, part of sanctions to pressure Tehran into resuming talks on the country's nuclear program. It follows U.S. action also aimed at limiting Iran's ability to sell oil, which accounts for 80 percent of its foreign revenue.
No date is set for the possible resumption of talks between Iran and the five permanent U.N. Security Council members plus Germany. Negotiations ended in stalemate in January 2011, and Iran later rejected a plan to send its stockpile of low-enriched uranium abroad in exchange for reactor-ready fuel rods.
Iran had previously indicated that it is ready for a new round of talks. Ahmadinejad is the highest-ranking official to make the offer.
He accused the West of trying to scuttle negotiations as a way to further squeeze Iran.
"It is you who come up with excuses each time and issue resolutions on the verge of talks so that negotiations collapse," Ahmadinejad said in a speech in Kerman in southeastern Iran. "Why should we shun talks? Why and how should a party that has logic and is right shun talks? It is evident that those who resort to coercion are opposed to talks and always bring pretexts and blame us instead."
A senior U.N. nuclear agency team is expected to visit Tehran on Saturday, the first such mission since a report in November that alleged Iran conducted secret weapons-related tests and that Tehran was on the brink of developing a nuclear weapon.
The delegation from the International Atomic Energy Agency will be led by Deputy Director General Herman Nackaerts, who is in charge of the Iran nuclear file, and might include Peri Lynne Johnson, the agency's senior legal official.
Iran begun uranium enrichment at a new underground site built to withstand possible airstrikes earlier this month, in another show of defiance against Western pressure to rein in Tehran's nuclear program.
Centrifuges at the bunker-like Fordo facility near Iran's holy city of Qom are churning out uranium enriched to 20 percent. That level is higher than the 3.5 percent being made at Iran's main enrichment plant at Natanz, central Iran, and can be turned into warhead material faster and with less work.
Iran says it won't give up its right to enrich uranium and produce nuclear fuel, but it has offered to allow the International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors to visit its nuclear sites to ensure that its nuclear program won't be weaponized.
Ahmadinejad also said sanctions and oil embargo will backfire because it has minimum trade with EU.
"Americans have not purchased Iranian oil for 30 years. Our central bank has had no dealings with them ... our (total) foreign trade is about $200 billion. Between $23 billion to $24 billion of our trade is with Europeans, making up about 10 percent of our total trade ... Iran won't suffer," Ahmadinejad said. His comments were posted on state TV's website.
Ahmadinejad said sanctions won't harm the government, but only the people.
He said officials will be paid. "They won't be under pressure ... it's clear that you (U.S. and allies) want to pressure the people," Ahmadinejad said. "History has shown that the Iranian nation has overcome obstacles. The bigger the obstacles, the more determined the Iranian nation is."
The EU had been importing about 450,000 barrels of oil a day from Iran, making up 18 percent of Iran's oil exports.
In Beijing, the official Xinhua News Agency quoted the Foreign Ministry as opposing the latest EU measures on Iran.
"To blindly pressure and impose sanctions on Iran are not constructive approaches," the statement said.
China, which is a major buyer of Iranian oil, has urged that the nuclear standoff be resolved through dialogue and consultation.
Addiction to technology is a real thing. So is internet addiction. But a man who was admitted to the Navy's Substance Abuse and Rehabilitation Program recently may have one of the first ever-cases of an addiction to Google Glass.
Yeah, those digital glasses that in no way make you look pretentious or detached from the real world.
A recent paper by the National Institutes of Health explains this rather odd case. This unnamed man suffered from internet addiction disorder and, they write, “exhibited problematic use of Google Glass.”
And if you'd like to learn more about exactly how bad his withdrawal was, feast your eyes on this:
The patient exhibited significant frustration and irritability related to not being able to use his Google Glass™. The patient exhibited a notable, nearly involuntary movement of the right hand up to his temple area and tapping it with his forefinger. He reported that if he had been prevented from wearing the device while at work, he would become extremely irritable and argumentative.
Oh, and then there's this at the end: “He continued to intermittently experience dreams as if looking through the device.”
Google Glass is whacked, kids.
[h/t CNN]
[image via Mopic/Shutterstock]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Little by little, it seems more and more likely that Scott Frost will become the next head coach of the Nebraska Cornhuskers. Earlier this week, an Orlando sports columnist wrote that he was sold that Frost is heading to Nebraska due to some of the coach's comments.
On Saturday, SI's Bruce Feldman reported that Nebraska's athletic department has been calling recruits and telling them that Frost has 90 percent of his “potential Nebraska” staff in place and that they won't be disappointed.
SOURCE: #Nebraska AD calling recruits and telling them Scott Frost has 90% of his staff in place, and they will be pleased. — Bruce Feldman (@BruceFeldmanCFB) December 2, 2017
When the tweet from Feldman was released, Frost is in the middle of coaching UCF in the AAC Championship Game.
Frost has been considered the leader in the clubhouse for the job. Even before Mike Riley was fired, there was speculation Frost was headed to his alma mater.
It sure sounds like an announcement will be coming out of Lincoln sometime soon.
Newcastle United Stars' ‘Drug-Fueled Orgy': Carroll And Nolan In Shocker Of A Story
NEWCASTLE United “bad boy” Andy Carroll is reported to have screamed “Ride me! Ride me!” as he had sexy times with a woman in Kevin Nolan's bedroom.
Carroll is unmarried. He's currently stopping over at Nolan's house as part of bail conditions. He must remain at the Nolan home until 10 January – the date his case was adjourned until. (Carroll is accused of attacking his ex-girlfriend Laurie Henderson). Nolan is married to Hayley, with whom he has two children. So far, so unexceptional.
Dominic Herbert & Keith Gladdis go on:
And as the orgy went into full swing at Nolan's luxury home, downstairs cocaine – used by the girls they had picked up on a crawl of Newcastle's clubs – lay scattered across a table.
Orgy? One man shagging is an orgy?
Neither player is believed to have snorted the drug – but our revelations today take football to new depths of shame.
No they don't.
The NoTW says Hayley is “upset” at Carroll staying at the family home and “stormed off to her family back in Liverpool with their two children”.
On October 20th, someone burnt Carroll's £70,000 chrome-plated Range Rover while it was parked on Nolan's drive. Did that upset her?
Back to the “drug-fueled orgy”. Nolan and Carroll are out at about in Newcastle. The pair, a “close protection officer“, someone named Carl and three women, apparently, have breakfast at a McDonald's and then all going back to Nolan's home.
Carroll is said have gone to his bedroom with one of the women. And then a few hours later Carl, who hadn't shagged anyone – he'd fallen asleep on a sofa – drove the ladies all home.
Remember that “orgy” that took football to a new low? Yep. What orgy? Undeterred by the alleged facts, the NoTW presses on with its shocker:
That afternoon flowers were delivered to their £1million home for her. But it will take more than that to hide his guilt. Loyal Hayley's first blow came on October 18 when Carroll appeared at Hexham Magistrates Court charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend. He was bailed on condition that he lived with Nolan.
Hold on a moment. What guilt? Nolan didn't shout shag anyone. And how is it a blow to “loyal Hayley” that Carroll was charged with assault?
In case you were missing the point and thought the story of a young, single footballer with loadsa cash shagging a woman was a non-event, the NoTW's hacks call it a “sex party”.
Yes, readers. That shag on the sofa in front of Match of The Day is an “orgy”. That fumble under the duvet is a “sex party”. You live a debauched life, although you might not know it.
Says a spokesman for the players:
“Both deny any knowledge of drugs being brought into the property. They abhor the use of drugs and the people that deal them. They are considering reporting the matter to the police.”
The NoTW has already reported the matter to its subscribers – the ones who have singed up to its new website – the one beyond the paywall. Are they getting value for money?
Anorak
Posted: 6th, November 2010 | In: Key Posts, Reviews Comments (5) | TrackBack | Permalink
Freshdesk, a cloud-based customer support firm, on Saturday announced its acquisition of Frilp, a social recommendation platform. This is the second acquisition of Freshdesk, which has not yet revealed the financial details of the present deal.
With this, Freshdesk gains a peertopeer communication platform and recommendation engine, which will enable customers to reach out to businesses and other customers.
“The customer service landscape and overall needs of our customers are rapidly changing, as they integrate social and mobile support capabilities into their customer programmes,” said Girish Mathrubootham, Freshdesk CEO.
“We will move faster towards our goal of enabling contextual conversations and recommendations to deliver a positive impact on a large scale now,” said Shyam Anandaraman, CEO of Frilp. “With the explosion of instant messaging platforms, on-demand social recommendations and peertopeer customer conversations are becoming the norm. With Freshdesk and Frilp coming together, it will enable businesses and their customers to connect with each other, their support agents and sales representatives in a much more contextual way,” he added.
The announcement came in the wake of Freshdesk crossing the 50,000-customer mark. Freshdesk has also acquired 1CLICK to deepen its omnichannel support capabilities through video chat and cobrowsing technology.
The Entire City of Lincoln, NE Is Getting Gigabit Fiber By 2019 DSLReports readers jcoburn3 and though have both written in to note that the entire city of Lincoln, Nebraska is getting gigabit fiber. According to the Lincoln Journal Star, the city has struck a deal with Nebraska-based fiber ISP Allo, in a deal that will bring gigabit fiber to the home service to every residence and business in the city by 2019.
Allo will be piggybacking off of existing fiber and using city conduit to complete the build, with the first customers expected to come online sometime next summer. The service will be going head to head with Time Warner Cable and Windstream Communications, neither of which has a reputation for cutting edge network upgrades. "This partnership will increase Lincoln's ability to compete on a global stage, create new and exciting educational opportunities and make our city a destination for next-generation businesses that could not have considered us before," Lincoln Mayor Chris Beutler said of the announcement. There's no word yet on pricing, but Allo currently offers 100 Mbps service for around $55 a month. The company says it will be dividing the cities up into 100 different areas and will soon decide how to proceed with the build. There's more detail on the company's plan to wire Nebraska with fiber by 2019 in the There's no word yet on pricing, but Allo currently offers 100 Mbps service for around $55 a month. The company says it will be dividing the cities up into 100 different areas and will soon decide how to proceed with the build. There's more detail on the company's plan to wire Nebraska with fiber by 2019 in the company's FAQ
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 24 comments
Noah Vail
Oh God please no.
Premium Member
join:2004-12-10
SouthAmerica 11 recommendations Noah Vail Premium Member Wait, how are we still here? We keep getting told that isn't affordable for ISPs to offer these new, faster packages,
something something, it'll usher in the Exaflood, something something, no one wants them,
it isn't fair to someone for some reason, only bad people and businesses want/use Gigabit
and it stops infrastructure investment.
Now that >1 US ISP is offering residential Gigabit
and
since all the above is true,
then
the Internet is offline, ISPs are bankrupt and all telecom people are out of work.
So how, exactly did Karl manage to post this story and how on Earth are we even reading it? svjks
Premium Member
join:2009-01-11
Lincoln, NE 4 recommendations svjks Premium Member Lincoln, Nebraska is on the Gigabit Map! A city in Nebraska is getting all the attention (at least for a day). I hope my part of Lincoln can get it sooner than 2019! Now we are talkingA city in Nebraska is getting all the attention (at least for a day). I hope my part of Lincoln can get it sooner than 2019!
Zenit
The system is the solution
Premium Member
join:2012-05-07
Purcellville, VA 4 recommendations Zenit Premium Member Nelnet. Allo is owned by the Federal Student Loan processor Nelnet.
Just thought I would put that out there.
Gigabit fiber is great, just you should know who is providing it.
A standing portrait by the emerging London and Berlin based visual artist Leena McCall has been removed from The Mall Galleries, London for being deemed ‘too pornographic and disgusting'. The painting was selected by the Society for Women Artists (SWA) for their 153rd annual exhibition.
Two days after a special Charity Evening and the Private View the picture ‘Portrait of Ms Ruby May, Standing' was removed by the Mall Galleries.
Leena McCall said: “My work deals with female sexual and erotic identity. The fact that the gallery has deemed the work inappropriate and seen it necessary to have it removed from public display underlines the precise issue I am trying to address: how women choose to express their sexual identity beyond the male gaze.”
Leena McCall's artwork explores the female sense of erotic and how women choose to express their own erotic identity. Throughout art history, women have been portrayed (largely by men) as the object intended for the ‘male gaze'. In ‘Portrait of Ms. Ruby May, Standing', one of an ongoing series of works, McCall presents how a woman chooses to portray herself sexually, using the traditional language of portraiture – oil painting.
Ruby May added: “I don't think people realise how threatening a sexually empowered woman is to a paradigm that is still patriarchal at its roots. Thankfully, the world is evolving, this outdated paradigm is crumbling, and forms of censorship such as this are becoming unacceptable to the wider public.”
The SWA annual exhibition is a showcase of the work of women artists since 1857. It prides itself on being a unique Society able to showcase one of the most diverse shows in London today, and encourages innovation and daring in art. It seems a lifetime since the mid-nineteenth century, a time when women were not considered serious contributors to the field of art.
To highlight female sexual identity and express the female sense of erotic should merely be a matter for discussion, not censorship?
In response to this inequitable act of suppression, McCall has asked supporters to join in the conversation on Twitter using hash-tag #eroticcensorship at @MsMccall @mallgalleries and on the Facebook page Leena McCall
Related Posts
Image caption Tjostolv Moland (L) and Joshua French both wrote to the Congolese president asking for a pardon
Tjostolv Moland, one of two Norwegian citizens imprisoned in the Democratic Republic of Congo on murder charges since 2009, has died, officials say.
Norwegian Foreign Minister Espen Barth Eide said Mr Moland was found dead in his cell on Sunday morning and that his family had been informed.
Mr Moland and British-Norwegian citizen Joshua French were sentenced to death in 2009 for murdering their driver.
The two former soldiers were also convicted of spying for Norway.
"We have been informed today that Tjostolv Moland is dead. He was found in his prison cell in Kinshasa this morning," Mr Eide told reporters.
The cause of death was not immediately clear, says lawyer Hans Marius Graasvold.
"Conditions have been better now for the past year than they were, because they were transferred a year ago, but still it is a prison in Congo and they have been on death row and it has been hard both physically but also mentally for them," Mr Graasvold told the BBC World Service's Newsday programme.
Mr French, who had been informed of Mr Moland's death, was upset but in good health, he added.
"He's in shock; he has just lost his very good friend, but he is a very sensible person so he is dealing with this as best he can," said Mr Graasvold.
The two men were convicted in the north-eastern city of Kisangani for the murder of their driver, Abedi Kasongo, and attempted murder of a witness. They were also found guilty of spying after military ID cards were found on them.
Both men have maintained their innocence.
Image caption Joshua French (R), who holds joint British-Norwegian nationality, served in the British army
The Norwegian government, which denied accusations that they were spies, had previously asked the Congolese authorities to allow both men to serve their sentences in Norway.
After their conviction, both men reportedly wrote to Congolese President Joseph Kabila asking for a pardon or for their death sentence to be commuted to life imprisonment and to be served in Norway.
Mr Moland, 32, worked with the Norwegian military until 2007, at which point he and Mr French started working for private security companies in Africa.
They claimed they were in DR Congo to research setting up their own security company.
They said they had hired Mr Kasongo as a driver after their motorbike broke down but that he was killed when they were ambushed by gunmen in the jungle.
While the verdict was overturned by a high military court in early 2010, a new panel of judges convicted them in a retrial later the same year.
Mr French, 31, was born in Norway to a British father and Norwegian mother, and lived in Margate, Kent, as a child.
He moved back to Norway when his parents divorced, but returned to the UK aged 20 and served in the British Army.
The UK-based legal charity Reprieve has strongly condemned the conviction of the two men.
Istanbul's third airport threatens birds' migration routes
Elif İnce ISTANBUL
Some 600,000 birds fly each year in spring and autumn over the area where the third Istanbul airport is being built, according to Arslangündoğdu. CORBİS Photo
Istanbul's third airport is located along one of the most important migration routes for birds, experts say, warning that its construction poses dangers not only to the environment, but even flights.Zeynel Arslangündoğdu, an expert of ornithology at Istanbul University, told Radikal that the northern forests in Istanbul's European side are among the main corridors used by migrating birds crossing the metropolis.The controversial facility, promoted by the government to showcase development, will become not only Istanbul's largest airport but also one of the world's major hubs. Its construction in one of the city's most precious natural areas, however, has drawn criticism from activists denouncing a culture of plunder and destruction.The airport will not only inflict a heavy toll on the living creatures in the affected forests, but may also hold a large impact for birds, Arslangündoğdu said.Some 600,000 birds fly each year in spring and autumn over the area where the airport is being built, including rare species under protection by the Bern Convention on the Conservation of European Wildlife and Natural Habitats, to which Turkey is a party, according to Arslangündoğdu.“Turkey is richer than many European countries in terms of bird species. There are some 470 species across the country. In the area affected by the third airport and the roads connecting to it … we are talking about 200 species. In other words, half of the species in Turkey live there,” he said, adding that migratory birds include rare raptors such as rarely spotted eagles.Arslangündoğdu criticized the current environmental impact assessment report (ÇED) submitted by the construction companies, describing it as “patchy and insufficient.”“There is not only missing information, but also some of it is false,” he said. “The number of species that can likely be found in the area has been limited to 17. The list was apparently taken randomly from a book on birds. For example, the black-backed gull, which figures in the list, is not a common species in the country. On the other hand, many other species of gulls that are common doesn't even figure in the list,” he said.Arslangündoğdu added that two years of observation are necessary to make a proper assessment regarding bird migration in the area. Now that construction has started, however, it is already too late.He also noted that birds could pose risks to planes and passengers, stressing that the number of birds crossing the new airport and the subsequent risk will be much higher than at Istanbul's main Atatürk airport.“If there are 50,000 to 100,000 birds crossing the Atatürk airport in autumn, we can say that 400,000 birds will cross above the third airport in spring,” he said, sounding the alarm that this would create a “Hitchcockian scenario” for passing planes, referring to British director Alfred Hitchcock's classic 1963 horror film “The Birds.”Arslangündoğdu has used modeling methods to demonstrate the flight safety risks related to migratory birds. Using reports of a landing or takeoff every three minutes as stated in the environmental impact assessment report, and applying only morning flights, he calculated a risk of two or three serious accidents each year. “If we also count smaller accidents, the number climbs well over 10,” he said.He also emphasized that the migratory routes of birds would not be able to adapt to the flights from the new airport. “This is something that has developed over tens of thousands years. Experienced birds know the routes and orientate the flock,” he said.The Northern Forest Defense, an environmental group that has been long advocating against the third airport and bridge, has launched an online campaign under the hashtag “Resist the third airport.”However, the 22.1 billion euro mega-project, won by a consortium of five companies known for their ties to the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) and marred by graft claims, has been met with the government's blessing. The new airport is expected to host 150 million passengers each year.
STATESBORO, Ga. (WJCL) Georgia Southern will be without the services of quarterback Kevin Ellison for the first two games of the 2015 season.Ellison has been ruled academically ineligible by the NCAA.Georgia Southern athletic director Tom Kleinlein saying Ellison will miss the Eagles games against West Virginia (Sept. 5) and Western Michigan (Sept. 12).The junior signal caller ran for 1,096 yards and threw for 1,000 yards last season helping lead Georgia Southern to a 9-3 record and Sun Belt Conference title.Ellison would add 17 total touchdowns for the Eagles in 2014.With the announcement, junior Favian Upshaw appears to be the favorite to start under center when the 2015 season kicks off in Morgantown on September 5.
STATESBORO, Ga. (WJCL) Georgia Southern will be without the services of quarterback Kevin Ellison for the first two games of the 2015 season.
Ellison has been ruled academically ineligible by the NCAA.
Advertisement
Georgia Southern athletic director Tom Kleinlein saying Ellison will miss the Eagles games against West Virginia (Sept. 5) and Western Michigan (Sept. 12).
The junior signal caller ran for 1,096 yards and threw for 1,000 yards last season helping lead Georgia Southern to a 9-3 record and Sun Belt Conference title.
Ellison would add 17 total touchdowns for the Eagles in 2014.
With the announcement, junior Favian Upshaw appears to be the favorite to start under center when the 2015 season kicks off in Morgantown on September 5.
AlertMe
Democrat strategist Michael Starr Hopkins has settled on a dream ticket to challenge President Trump in 2020. Two senators, Kamala Harris from California and Kirsten Gillibrand from New York, are his chosen ones.
"Kamala Harris and Kirsten Gillibrand will lead Democrats to 2020 victory" https://t.co/VNJIgMPOEl pic.twitter.com/bpuSWVTxi8 — The Hill (@thehill) September 3, 2017
LOL at that headline!
So after getting trounced in middle America, the thought is to run two senators who represent two of the most metropolis-based state populations in the nation.
Hahahahahahahahahaha Hahahahahahahahahaha Hahahahahahahahahaha Hahahahahahahahahaha Hahahahahahahahahaha Hahahahahahahahahaha https://t.co/MB2YcLg2OK — Acosta's Tantrum™? (@EF517_V2) September 3, 2017
Honestly, if that's the Democratjc ticket, Trump might win 40 states https://t.co/cg7uxwNljR — Tim Anderson (@timanderson87) September 3, 2017
The Dems trying really hard to lose. https://t.co/VRojaH0SWK — TakoBatman (@Takobatman) September 3, 2017
Ok………Trumps going to be in office until 2024. https://t.co/2uZ0b3e1S9 — X Angelo (@TheAkanMan) September 3, 2017
Excellent. President Pence, then President Sessions until 2036 https://t.co/FpWlSJgPr5 — Kris ?? (@ektrit) September 3, 2017
How to lose 2020 https://t.co/DGvAb2PXEg — Riju Colon Dee (@RijutheJerk) September 3, 2017
Ha! This is a joke right because it sure is funny! https://t.co/dbAHrV2T3G — Silvia????? (@SLadreda) September 3, 2017
Yeah they'll win the morons of the year award. https://t.co/Vskov18GNL — I Hate The Media (@ihatethemedia) September 3, 2017
Before thinking they really can't be that dumb, just remember that this is the same Democrat Party that decided Hillary Clinton was a tremendously qualified candidate.
Sad news: TV on the Radio's Gerard Smith has been diagnosed with lung cancer and is undergoing treatment for the disease, the band posted on their website. A spokesperson confirmed the news but did not offer additional details.
According to the statement, Smith was diagnosed with lung cancer after completing the group's upcoming album Nine Types of Light (due April 12), and he will not be joining TVOTR for this week's SXSW shows or their upcoming tour, which begins April 8 in Philadelphia.
“Gerard is fortunate to have health insurance and is receiving excellent medical care,” the band wrote. “Already we have seen dramatic results. Combine that with Gerard's legendarily willful disposition and it might just be cancer that has the problem. We appreciate your concern and support for Gerard and his family.”
The SparkFun Proto Pedal is an easy-to-assemble kit that makes building guitar effect pedals easier. Let's face it, most guitar pedals start with all-too-similar circuitry – you need the input and output jacks, the bypass switch, and a barrel jack for power input. In some pedals, there may be as much wiring involved in the jacks and switch as there is in the effect itself. The SparkFun Proto Pedal takes care of the hard part and provides you with a simple infrastructure; all you need to do is decide what simple circuit to make to gain your desired effect, and you'll be ready to rock!
With the SparkFun Proto Pedal you'll find all the problems of a guitar pedal's complex framework solved with true bypass and LED switching; a large, open prototyping area equivalent to a standard solderless breadboard; a small prototyping area for power regulation or reference voltages; and six positions to help organize potentiometer wiring. To make your life even easier, not only have we written a complete assembly guide for the Proto Pedal; we have also written two effect circuit guides that utilize the board's large prototyping area. All of these guides can be found in the Documents section below.
Each Proto Pedal comes as an easy-to-assemble PTH soldering kit, and it's up to you to solder it all together! Additionally, we highly recommend using the Proto Pedal Enclosure with this kit. It's a standard-size cast aluminum box, which does double duty as an assembly jig to help get the jacks and switch aligned correctly. We did NOT include the enclosure with the Proto Pedal to help keep the kit affordable -- and in case you already had an enclosure you wanted to use or create yourself.
Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Ghasemi made the remarks in his weekly press conference on Monday, adding “North Korea's recent nuclear tests have caused some amount of concern on the international scene, but the remarks by some media about cooperation between Iran and North Korea are completely rash and far from reality. Iran has had no cooperation with North Korea in this regard and our position on the use of nuclear weapons and weapons of mass destruction is completely clear.”
About the possibility of US withdrawal from the nuclear deal, he said “JCPOA is not a bilateral agreement but an international one; if any party to the deal fails to comply with their commitments, they will have to pay a heavy price.”
“Iran will not be the first to violate the nuclear deal, but will have an appropriate response toward any side that undermines it,” he stressed.
On the occasion of the September 11 attacks on the US, Ghasemi said “one important thing was that a number of courts in the US accused a certain country of meddling in the events, but of course due to the new trade interests formed in the US, the matter was shoved to the side.”
He went on to add, “I hope whatever has been decided by the US courts for recognition of the rights of victims and their families will see results and that we will never see the occurrence of such attacks anywhere else in the world.”
About the US recent strategy in Afghanistan which prolongs the stay and increases the number of American troops there, Ghasemi maintained that the issue was raised in the meeting between Iranian and Pakistani foreign ministers today, adding “we believe in a non-military approach to Afghanistan. All neighboring countries must endeavor to return Afghanistan to its stable and secure state.”
He went on to add, “the presence of foreign actors in Afghanistan has had negative outcomes. They need to reduce their undue interventions there and allow the people to decide for the future of their own country.”
About the planned independence referendum of the Iraqi Kurdish Region on Sept. 25, Ghasemi said “we would like to see the continuation of talks between Erbil and Baghdad, and hopefully the negotiations will yield positive results and Iraq's territorial integrity and national sovereignty will be preserved.”
He went on to add, “Iran has good relations with the Kurds and other ethnic groups in Iraq and will try to use this capacity to prevent some destructive crises in the region.”
MS/4083698
In his sharply observed book The Culture of Narcissism, the American social critic Christopher Lasch remarked that, in modern life, ‘The usual defences against the ravages of age – identification with ethical or artistic values beyond one's immediate interests, intellectual curiosity, the consoling emotional warmth derived from happy relationships in the past – can do nothing for the narcissist'. In a generation that has forgotten that it stands in the midst of a long line of past and future generations, Lasch noted, many live ‘for the feeling, the momentary illusion, of personal wellbeing, health, and psychic security'.
As Lasch later lamented, his exploration of narcissism was widely misunderstood. In his writing, narcissism referred not to a confident self-centredness, but to the inability of an entire culture to see beyond the corners of itself, to understand the self's place in history, or to believe in its ability rationally to control the future. Lasch claimed that the survival of the self – not self-improvement – had become the highest aspiration. There is more than a whiff of narcissistic survivalism in the openness of many Western societies to assisted suicide. This was best symbolised by the trip Gill Pharaoh, a healthy, 75-year-old retired nurse, took to the LifeCircle suicide clinic in Switzerland. Pharaoh, who died on 21 July this year, was not ill, but wished to die. She noted in her final blog that she wanted ‘people to remember me as I now am – as a bit worn around the edges but still recognisably me!'.
This ‘snapshot' sentiment, whereby we preserve ourselves for posterity, is surely illusory. We can neither control how people remember us nor can we preserve a moment in time. There is no perfect moment or ideal physical presence, no ‘real me', because life is a process, constantly unfolding. We continually learn and change, and the ‘authentic' self cannot be captured at one specific time. Nor is a ‘perfect' or merely ‘good' death meaningful to the deceased. Killing oneself does not preserve anything – it destroys the prospect of further experiences and interactions. Pharaoh resolutely rejected religion; she once complained that she was ‘ignored by the law, which originates from a god in whom we have no belief'. But, in the absence of any broader meaning or belief system, it is almost as if assisted-suicide advocates like Pharaoh are recreating a religion of the self. This is a religion that sees the world as a mirror, that perceives the importance of people in terms of how they are perceived, and that feels no obligation to the previous generations that struggled to make life easier and leave a legacy for future generations. It is this mindset that leads people like Pharaoh to take their own lives. But why would she imagine that those in the future would welcome her decision to sacrifice her life – all because of a fear that it would get harder and less pleasurable?
Pharaoh had been a member of the Society for Old Age Rational Suicide (SOARS), a UK-based group that aims to change existing law to provide elderly, mentally competent individuals, who are suffering from various health problems, with a doctor's assistance to die. Many of those who belong to these groups see themselves as rugged individuals who blaze their own paths. But this is also delusional. Rugged individualism would surely demand that you do the act yourself, rather than get government assistance to do it. Pharaoh was a nurse who surely knew how to ensure her own death without having to fly to Switzerland. But part of the plea for assisted suicide is always a plea for official validation of suffering. The narcissist feels a constant need to be noticed, to be recognised, to have his or her feelings validated and find some reflection of his or her self in the world. If the narcissist is fearful, then the world must do something about it. The narcissist sees a world that does not feel their existential pain (after all, physical pain does not even feature in the top-five reasons why people in Oregon opt for assisted suicide) as the cause of that suffering.
CHARLOTTE, N.C.—The Carolina Panthers are placing both starting rookie defensive tackles -- Terrell McClain and Sione Fua -- on injured reserve, a person familiar with the decisions said on Tuesday.
The person spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity because moves have not been announced.
Fua and McClain were both third-round draft picks this year and have been starters since week one. However, Fua suffered a significant right hamstring strain prior to Sunday's game against Tampa Bay and didn't play. McClain sprained his left knee during the first half and did not return.
It's unclear at this point if either player will need surgery.
They become the 13th and 14th players to join Carolina's lengthy list of players on injured reserve -- seven on each side of the ball. Defense, however, has been hit particularly hard. The Panthers lost starting defensive tackle Ron Edwards in training camp and then linebackers Jon Beason and Thomas Davis the first two weeks of the season.
In addition, they've also added promising young linebacker Thomas Williams for the season in recent weeks.
McClain started all 12 games and had 20 tackles, one sack, four quarterback pressures and one fumble recovery.
McClain was selected 65th overall in this year's draft while Fua was taken later in the third round at No. 97.
Fua, whose primary job at the nose tackle is taking up space in the middle for others to make plays, had 15 tackles with one quarterback pressure.
Overall, coach Ron Rivera has been extremely pleased with the play of both rookies, while acknowledging the Panthers have had to "take some punches like a little brother." Still, Rivera believes the experience they have gained playing as rookies will be huge for the Panthers in coming years.
The injuries leave the Panthers with only two defensive tackles on the roster -- Andre Neblett and Frank Kearse. Neblett is a second-year player. Kearse is a rookie.
Both Neblett and Kearse saw significant playing time in Carolina's 38-19 win over Tampa Bay.
The Panthers also had to slide defensive ends Charles Johnson, Greg Hardy and Antwan Applewhite inside to defensive tackle to help out in certain packages against the Bucs.
The Panthers (4-8) host Atlanta (7-5) on Sunday.
© Copyright 2011 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
A US-led coalition base in northern Iraq came under attack by several Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) suicide bombers on Sunday. The perpetrators were killed by security forces at the scene.
Coalition spokesman US Army Colonel Ryan Dillon said all of the perpetrators were killed, and no Iraqi troops or international military personnel were hurt, AP reports.
Read more
According to Dillon, the assault happened south-east of Mosul, in the community of Hawija. The official gave no other details on the incident.
“Three attackers with small arms and suicide vests were killed by security forces. No Coalition forces were injured in the attack,” the US-led coalition said in a statement to Kurdish outlet NRT.
The US-led international forces established and later closed several temporary bases in Iraq to fight ISIS, an Operation Inherent Resolve spokesperson told Sputnik last month. This came amid reports that a new base is being set up near Tal Afar, which is a terrorist stronghold in the north-west of Iraq.
“For operational purposes, we do not discuss locations of coalition forces. However, any temporary bases that are established are always in coordination with the government of Iraq and in support of Iraqi Security Forces,” the spokesperson said when asked about the reports.
In August, two American soldiers taking part in operations against Islamic State were killed and five more injured in northern Iraq. IS claimed responsibility for the deaths of the soldiers, saying in an online statement that their fighters fired Grad rockets on American troops east of Tal Afar. The community is located near the key city of Mosul, which was the self-proclaimed ISIS capital in Iraq since 2014, but retaken by the Iraqi Army this summer.
However, the coalition later said the incident was not the result of enemy fire.
Read more
“An Army artillery section was conducting a counter-fire mission against an ISIS mortar site when a mishap occurred, injuring seven soldiers,” Pentagon spokesman Colonel Robert Manning stated without clarifying exactly what type of “mishap” took place.
The US has over 5,000 troops in Iraq. While the declared goal is to provide assistance, logistics, and training to the Iraqi Army, some have increasingly found themselves on the front lines as the battle against ISIS intensifies. In August, the US announced that two of its troops were killed and five injured after engaging in combat with ISIS militants.
In July, a top US commander in Iraq, General Stephen Townsend, stated that US troops and coalition forces may actually stay in Iraq even after Islamic State terrorists are fully defeated. He added that the troop levels are not going to be changed in the near future.
Earlier this month, the US-led coalition confirmed another 61 “unintentional civilian deaths” caused by its strikes in Iraq and Syria, raising the number of civilians it has acknowledged killing since 2014 to at least 685.
READ MORE: US-led forces confirm ‘unintentional killing' of 61 more civilians in Iraq, Syria
The deadliest incident was a March 14 strike near Mosul, in which the coalition attacked an Islamic State position where militants were firing at coalition allies. The US-led coalition said that 27 civilians “in an adjacent structure” were killed during an attempt to eliminate the terrorists, stressing the unintentional nature of the case.
WHISTLER, BC – April 15, 2013 – Crankworx Whistler is proud to announce the addition of Specialized as a sponsor of the SRAM Canadian Open Enduro presented by Specialized. The Enduro World Series stop on August 11, 2013 now boasts the biggest cash prize purse of any Enduro event in the world with a total of $24,000 to be dispersed between the pro men and women categories.
With $10,000 going to the fastest man and $5,000 to the fastest woman on the day, the SRAM Canadian Open Enduro presented by Specialized intends to attract the world's best Enduro riders to the 10th anniversary of Crankworx Whistler this August.
“Crankworx remains dedicated to raising the bar for the world's best mountain bike athletes,” says Crankworx General Manager Darren Kinnaird. “The commitment of brands like SRAM and Specialized helps us offer the best events possible to competitors and allows us to offer a prize purse like this.”
Combining endurance with technical bike-handling skills, Enduro has proven to be one of the fastest growing sports in mountain biking with its appeal reaching cross-country and downhill riders alike.
This full-day stage race will take place on August 11, 2013. The first phase of registration for the SRAM Canadian Open Enduro presented by Specialized sold out overnight. Phase two of registration will be open at 9am PST, June 1, 2013 and will offer limited registration availability for those not on professional teams or who missed their chance at registration in February.
August 9-18, 2013, the world's best downhill, slopestyle and enduro riders migrate to the Whistler Mountain Bike Park for the 10th annual Crankworx. Crankworx Les 2 Alpes will take place July 6 – 14, 2013 and is the only Crankworx event to take place outside of North America. High-summer's convergence of all things freeride, Crankworx is a 10 day festival of epic endurance, supreme flow, monster air and vertical-dropping riding. A time-tested stage for gravity-fed mountain biking, Crankworx has forged the future of freeride, launched careers and raised up a spectacle out of dirt, sweat and cheers. Feel the impact. Embrace the amplitude. Experience the awe that is Crankworx Whistler 2013.
Football is a physical game, and every player going into the sport knows they will likely pick an injury up at some point in their career, whether it be a slight knock or something a little more serious, it's avery real danger.
Fans, of course, love it when a player picks up a knock and carries on with the rest of the game, playing through the pain barrier like it isn't even there.
However, last night during Schalke's defeat to Dutch giants Ajax, 22-year-old midfielder Leon Goretzka picked up two separate injuries during a collision with opposition 'keeper Andre Onana, but was bizarrely kept on the pitch for the second half despite visibly struggling at half time.
According to a report in German publication Kicker, the youngster suffered a double fracture of his jaw as well as a concussion, and was kept on the field until he was hauled off six minutes from full time.
During the break, while receiving treatment for his injuries, the report states that he vomited several times, leaving his teammates wondering just how he was able to continue.
“I don't know what he has exactly. He spent more time with the doctors than with us in the dressing room during the break," teammate Benedikt Howedes said.
“But he gave everything, and we are very proud of him and hope that it's not all that dramatic.”
Incredibly, he was still able to score the side's first goal of the evening less than 10 minutes after the second half started, which is an amazing feat given the circumstances.
When he was eventually withdrawn from the action for Johannes Geis he had to be helped off by the club's medical staff before being transferred to hospital where the full extent of his injuries were actually discovered and diagnosed.
He is now expected to miss the rest of the season while he recovers, though Schalke eventually ended crashing out of the Europa League to Ajax.
However, there were some serious questions being asked of the club's medical staff for not figuring out how serious his injuries were when they had the opportunity to examine him at half time.
There has already been a call for clubs to do more in protecting players who pick up head injuries, and the reaction on social media highlighted that further.
Considering the Bundesliga has been so progressive in a number of ways – mostly concerning the way the league looks after fans – it is a shock to learn that one of the clubs has fallen short in such a spectacular way.
The Svalbard Global Seed Vault (SGSV) celebrated its third anniversary February 24 with the arrival of seeds for rare lima beans, blight-resistant cantaloupe, and progenitors of antioxidant-rich red tomatoes from Peru and the Galapagos Islands. The arrival of these collections, including many drought- and flood-resistant varieties, comes at a time when natural and human-made risks to agriculture have reinforced the critical need to secure all the world's food crop varieties.
The seeds arriving for safekeeping in the depths of an Arctic Mountain on Norway's remote Svalbard Archipelago included major deposits from genebanks maintained by the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR), which is the largest single contributor of seeds to the Seed Vault.
Among the shipments is a Peruvian desert lima bean variety on the verge of extinction that was rescued by the Colombia-based International Center for Tropical Agriculture (CIAT), as well as other lima beans and relatives that grow in very dry or high-altitude locations. In total, CIAT's new shipments include 3,600 bean and forage samples collected from 94 countries, including Afghanistan, Nepal, Yemen, Vietnam and Zimbabwe.
Thousands of other cereal and bean varieties are being deposited by the International Center for Agricultural Research in the Dry Areas (ICARDA). The International Livestock Research Institute (ILRI) in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia is depositing forage crops. In Arizona, a Navajo ceremony was held to bless seeds of rare desert legumes from the University of Arizona before they began their long journey to Svalbard.
The new accessions, which will be added to the more than 600,000 already stored at Svalbard, include Agricultural Research Service-US Department of Agriculture (USDA) donations of soybeans collected by USDA researchers in China in the 1920s.
The USDA's shipment also includes seed collections of Solanum chilense and Solanum galapagense, wild relatives of the tomato whose genetic material was used by breeders at USDA and the University of California, Davis, to create tomatoes high in lycopene (an antioxidant) and beta-carotene (a source of vitamin A). Other US shipments included seeds for important disease-resistant varieties of spinach, maize and cantaloupe.
"The optimism generated by the arrival of this incredible bumper crop of contributions is tempered by the threats that seem to emerge almost daily to seed collections around the world," said Cary Fowler, Executive Director of the Global Crop Diversity Trust, which manages the Seed Vault in partnership with the Norwegian government and the Nordic Genetic Resources Center in Sweden. "As the threats to agriculture escalate, the importance of crop diversity grows."
A vivid example of some of the threats facing genebanks is when unrest in Egypt led to the looting of the Egyptian Desert Gene Bank in North Sinai. At the Desert Gene Bank, home to a prized collection of fruit and medicinal plants, looters stole equipment, destroyed the facility's cooling system, and ruined data that represented more than a decade worth of research. Meanwhile, the Global Crop Diversity Trust continues to fight plans to bulldoze the field collections at Russia's Pavlovsk Experimental Station, Europe's most important collection of fruits and berries, to make way for a housing development.
The Norwegian vault's third anniversary also brings reminders of natural threats to crop diversity and the food security it maintains.
Dr. Tony Gregson, a grain farmer from Victoria's Wimmera region, which has been alternately baked and flooded recently, accompanied Australia's first contribution to the seed vault, which has travelled further than any other seeds that have come to Svalbard.
Gregson, who sits on the board of the Crawford Fund, which supports international agriculture research, noted that virtually all Australian food crops come from outside the country. Coupled with the country's recent bouts of extreme weather, this makes Australia's farmers particularly sensitive to the importance of global crop diversity.
"Australian farmers have recently had to deal with both droughts and floods. This is not only terribly difficult for farming communities, but also affects food prices worldwide -- harsh reminders of the need to find crop varieties that will help adapt to these changing conditions," Gregson said.
While crop diversity is critical to adapting agriculture to climate change, it is also at risk of being lost due to rapid changes in climate and farm environments. For example, in February, the Trust announced a partnership with potato farmers in Peru to duplicate and deposit in the Seed Vault seeds from 1,500 varieties of potatoes still found in the Peruvian Andes, where some varieties are threatened by climate change. To keep pace with rapid changes in the global climate, the Global Crop Diversity Trust is also moving to collect wild relatives of domesticated drops. With the support of a US$50 million grant from the government of Norway, the Trust is participating in a global search to locate and conserve wild relatives of wheat, rice, bean, potato, barley, lentils, chickpea, and other essential food crops that could contain valuable genetic traits.
Cary Fowler commented, "As we celebrate the third anniversary of this remarkable Vault, it is thrilling to see yet another fantastically diverse shipment of seeds arrive. The scale of the challenges facing agriculture can be overwhelming, yet the knowledge that over 600,000 samples are now guaranteed to be safe and available to help farmers gives me great hope for our common future."
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Since Wednesday night, when the New York Times published Cliven Bundy's observations about “the Negro”—including his musing that African Americans were better off as cotton-picking slaves than they are today—conservative pundits have scrambled to distance themselves from the Nevada rancher, whose recent standoff with federal officials over grazing fees on public land became a rallying cry for anti-government conservatives. Fox News host Sean Hannity, who had vociferously championed Bundy as a hero, kicked off his Thursday show by slamming Bundy for his “ignorant, racist, repugnant, despicable” remarks.
Bundy defended his initial comments on Thursday saying, “If they think I'm racist, they're totally wrong…Again, I'm wondering are they better off under the old system of slavery or are they better off under the welfare slavery that they're under now. You know, I'm not saying one way or the other.” And on Friday morning, he told CNN that he didn't see a problem with using terms like “Negro” or “boy” for black people. “If those people cannot take this kind of words and not be (offended), then Martin Luther King hasn't got his job done yet,” he told anchor Chris Cuomo.
Meanwhile, Bundy's daughter, Shiree Bundy Cox, is striking back at conservatives who have turned tail on Bundy—especially Hannity. In a Facebook post Thursday night, she accused the talk show host of abandoning her father and pandering to ratings. Here's a snippet:
I'm sure most of you have heard the news about my dad being called a racist. Wow! The media loves to take things out of context don't they? First off I'd just like to say that my dad has never been the most eloquent speaking person. Like someone said, he's a Moses who needs an Aaron to speak for him. This is true. Second, however, is that the media has turned this into a circus side show. It's like their trying to throw us off the real subject. Why was this ever even brought up? What does this have to do with land rights issues? Sean Hannity was all for reporting the happenings at the Bundy Ranch until this popped up. I wonder if someone hoped it would be that way…By the way, I think Mr. Hannity is more worried about his ratings than he really is about what my dad said. If he supports a supposed racist, what will that do to his ratings? He's already lost his #1 spot on Fox.
Cox, who is one of 14 children, also suggested that the controversy concerning Bundy's racist comments had somehow been orchestrated to undermine her father's cause:
Glenn Beck was never 100% on board with my dad, but now he has an excuse to distance himself even farther. Could there be people out there who want it that way? Get the un main stream media out of the way from reporting this situation in a positive light and the battle is more than won for the opposing side…Again I'd like to ask, “What does my dad's opinion on the state of the Blacks on welfare have to do with the land rights issue?” Nothing! It's a detouring tactic. It's taking away from the real issues and what has been accomplished. The mainstream media want this to happen to make people deviate from the real important things and focus on a comment that has absolutely no relevance. It's a tactic that has been used for decades. I hope people will see this for what it really is.
While she came down hard on his critics, Cox's defense of her father was not so fierce: “Is my dad a racist. No, I really don't think so. Could he have said what he means with a little more tact? Sure he could have. But most of all, should it even be an issue right now? Nope.”
Getty Images
Minnesota Vikings quarterback Christian Ponder's status has been somewhat in doubt all week.
Ponder was limited in practice throughout the week and is officially listed as questionable to play in the Vikings Wild Card matches up with the Green Bay Packers.
Now it's a possibility the Vikings will have to turn to backup Joe Webb. According to Dan Wiederer of the Minneapolis Star-Tribune, it's “looking more likely” Webb will start against the Packers Saturday night.
According to Tom Pelissero of 1500 ESPN in Minneapolis, Ponder is dealing with elbow bursitis. Per Pelissero, it was possible Ponder was going to need to have the fluid drained from his elbow prior to the game against the Packers. If that procedure was performed on Ponder already, it may not have been enough to get him ready to play.
Webb has appeared in just one game for the Vikings this season and has not thrown a pass. Webb was 34 of 63 for 376 yards with three touchdowns and two interceptions in 11 games for Minnesota last season.
In the recent National Geographic documentary Before the Flood, Leonardo DiCaprio stressed the human causes of climate change, and the role of government to set a framework to combat climate change.
One of the best parts of the film, is where he shows how President Obama flipped his stance on gay marriage back in 2012. This again, proves how much politicians are dependent on the people that elect them. Sometimes politicians lead, but often, they simply follow public perception...
I really liked the documentary. But what struck me was how much focus there is on top-down, governmental action. Last years' Paris climate agreement is now ratified at COP22 in Marrakesh. Government action takes a long time and is only one piece of the puzzle. To limit climate change, we have to take action ourselves.
About 23% of all CO2 comes from the transportation sector today. This sector is also the fastest growing CO2 emitter world wide. Traveling in urban areas, unfortunately comes too often with many starts and stops. Being stuck in traffic jams isn't just bad for your mood, it's pretty bad for your health too. Even when you're inside your car. Perhaps the worst part is that it just takes too much time.
In average, people drive less than 40 miles a day, so why does still 50% of the people want a range of more than 190 miles before they'll buy an EV?
Earlier this year, Storm - a student team from the University of Technology in Eindhoven, The Netherlands - embarked on an 80-day journey around the world with a full-electric motorbike. When the students made their stop in New York, they were asked if range is a problem. “It just took me 90 minutes to drive 17 miles, I don't think range is the problem,” the biker promptly answered. And he's right. Range isn't the problem.
Recent MIT study proves that 87% of the US population will be able to cover their daily driving routine with a mid-market priced EV. Range anxiety is an emotional argument. Think of it as your relationship with the battery of your smartphone. There's never enough power. You can't even last a day with it.
You probably have a designated spot to charge your phone at home and at your office. If we want to overcome range anxiety, we have to follow a similar approach. It's is not about expanding the range of the vehicle, but making sure your car won't run out of juice. The US government is strongly investing in a fast-charging corridors to provide this security. Only people and EV drivers will charge their car when it is standing still anyway.
My belief is that time is the only thing we don't have in abundance. You're never going to get back the time it took you to read this blog. Neither will you get it back from the traffic jam this morning. And the same goes for the time you spent fast-charging your car. This is why it's essential to be able to charge our cars at home and at work. So we can charge while we sleep, and charge while we work. There's no time to waste.
Your opinion matters. Share your thoughts on electric driving.
Please take this 5 minute survey. Stay tuned for the results.
Connect with us!
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for all things exciting in sustainable tech and transportation.
For the EV-savvy amongst us, share your thoughts on the latest industry developments on LinkedIn.
No time to read? Tune in on Instagram and YouTube for a peek into the wondrous world of EVBox & e-mobility.
Steel minister Chaudhary Birender Singh.
SURYA SARATHI RAY: Considering the fact that the steel sector is debt-ridden, how do you plan to meet the target of producing 300 million tonnes of steel from the current 120 million tonnes? Also, how will you ensure that the smaller players get sufficient funds to expand?
Countries in the West are frontrunners in steel production. Now, however, they have either stopped or reduced their production. In India and our neighbouring countries, we are in the process of developing infrastructure, and so the demand for steel in India and southeast Asian countries will increase in the times to come. In a nutshell, if we go on increasing our demand, we are safe as far as our production is concerned for another 50 years. We can be sure that whatever we produce will be consumed. I don't think the target of 300 million tonnes will be very difficult to achieve.
After taking over as the steel minister, I realised the importance of the secondary steel sector. A composite or integrated steel plant with a capacity of 1 million tonnes requires R6,000 crore, but secondary steel plants can produce the same amount of steel with Rs 2,000-crore investment. To see that they are on a par, things have to be examined by the customer and for that we have put in place the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS). Since February 7, BIS authorisation has been made mandatory to ensure that the integrated and secondary sectors are on a par.
SURYA SARATHI RAY: There are five-six primary steel producers which account for 57% of the production in India, while secondary steel producers generate the rest. It is not a level-playing field between them. The bigger players get a lot more protection. How do you balance out things for the two sides and protect the interests of the secondary steel producers?
Secondary producers generate steel that is for end-use, such as stainless steel. In this Budget, we asked the commerce and finance ministries to reduce certain duties. The duty on chromium as well as nickel has been brought down to zero. The sector is satisfied with this decision. But even otherwise, MIP (Minimum Import Price), or putting some other kind of restriction on import, goes in favour of the secondary steel consumer. There is no real difference between big players and secondary producers. On certain items, they think they can have cheaper imports, which is why we have made BIS authorisation mandatory. This is helping in quality control. Every country has its own standards of authorisation and that is not a domain we are going to interfere in.
BIS has helped bring in uniformity in exports and imports. In times to come, secondary steel producers will have a more prominent position in the steel industry. We have started giving them that place.
I constituted a committee regarding consumer steel and ensured that all associations, and even the commoner—a user of steel—was involved. Earlier, there was representation from the Tatas, Jindals or SAIL. There has been an overhaul of the Steel Consumer Committee of India. Now, secondary steel producers have been put in a prominent position where they can have their say. We are talking to the commerce and finance ministries to address their other concerns as well. I don't think there is any disparity between primary and secondary producers.
You May Also Want To Watch:
MANEESH CHHIBBER: The issue of MIP has gone to the World Trade Organisation. Was it your call or that of the commerce ministry, because now you will have to fight things out there? Even countries such as Japan have moved the WTO on the matter. What is in store on that regard?
Look, we were not in favour of MIP, but it was the last resort. The industry was under a loan stress of R3,17,000 crore. In terms of improving the scenario pertaining to production and consumption, nothing substantial happened in the past two to three years. In February 2016, it was decided that MIP should be applied. Initially it was put on 170-odd items and it showed results. Then we reduced it to about 60 products.
You can say MIP was an emergency clause. When we talk of anti-dumping, finalising things takes time because there is a separate body to decide on the items. Now, this month, there is no MIP. Anti-dumping is serving the purpose and if you see the result of the past nine months, there is a 34.6% reduction in imports and about 54 per cent increase in exports. That has improved the condition of the steel industry. Now, the Finance Ministry has said they have started making the instalment payments on time. Besides, there is an increase in production and in some of the items, under anti-dumping, the import is zero. With the passage of time, you will see the industry take shape and move forward and there won't be any need for anti-dumping or any other safeguard. We are nearing that situation.
COOMI KAPOOR: What do you think about an Indian firm such as Tata Steel investing in a foreign steel company such as Corus, and then having to subsidise their losses?
At one point it was believed that Tata and other such companies were in a position to invest in the West. But now even the Tatas are under stress, as far as their steel sector is concerned. They have the advantage—90-100-year-old mines, a set establishment, and the fact that they can afford to have a buffer to a large extent. They have attained that status where they have the technology that would make it possible in the future for high-end steel to be used in car manufacturing and electronics, and those articles would be of export quality. They have invested in India also and that is how they are moving ahead.
DEEPAK PATEL: Are you happy with the performance of the steel PSUs as compared to the private players in the past two or three quarters, or do you think they can do better?
I am already on record saying that we are trying to boost growth. I have asked PSUs to set a benchmark, failing which they may not be in a position to survive in the future. There is an international benchmark now, which has to be met. This is not just for the steel industry, but for the whole country in general.
SHEELA BHATT: On the eve of the first phase of elections in Uttar Pradesh, there was a meeting of senior Jat leaders with BJP president Amit Shah, at your residence. An audio recording of that meeting was leaked and the authenticity of it was not denied either by the BJP or Amit Shah. Can you describe to us the background of the meeting and its outcome?
The Jat community plays an important role in around 108 constituencies. These 108 constituencies voted in the first and the second phases of the Uttar Pradesh elections. Between 2014 and now, the party must have felt that there was a communication gap (with the Jat community)—the support they (the BJP leaders) were expecting, they did not see. So, it was decided to hold talks with prominent leaders of the community, those who are not from the BJP, and take them into confidence. There are so many factors—khaps are a factor as their leaders have their own influence, and then there is the reservation issue.
During the Congress government, Jats were included in the OBC list. At the time, I was in the Congress and I had told the then home minister, P Chidambaram, that unless you get a positive report from the National Commission For Backward Classes, the move will not stand the scrutiny of the court. He, however, said that we could just ignore the report (of the commission). That move was taken in haste on the eve of elections, in February 2014. Later, the Supreme Court pointed out that when you have an adverse report, how can you give reservation (to Jats). Now, what we are saying is that there should a fresh survey.
In north India, and this is my personal view, there are certain castes, such as the Yadavs, Gujjars and Sainis, which have a similar background and history as the Jats. These castes are mainly engaged in agriculture. When I speak about the Jat agitation, I make it clear that historically if you find any difference (with the other agriculture communities) then don't give us (reservation). We have faced the same discrimination and the same exploitation as faced by the other agriculture-oriented communities and that is why reservation is our right.
The bone of contention is that the Jats started to assert themselves (politically and socially) as early as the 19th century. The others have started asserting themselves only recently. 1950 onwards, Jat representation in Parliament has always remained in double digits.
SHEELA BHATT: In the audio clip it appeared that the Jats were not keen on supporting the BJP this time, as much as they were in 2014.
In two or three districts, the Jats may have gone with the other parties, but in several other districts such as Bijnor, Moradabad, Aligarh, Bulandshahr and Muzaffarnagar, a majority of the Jats have voted for the BJP.
In areas where the Jats completely dominate the scene, they behaved differently—for example in Baghpat, Mathura and Hathras. But in places where the Jat vote was important but they weren't the dominant community, they had something different on their minds.
As far as Haryana is concerned, a decision on the issue of reservation is in its final stages. The fresh Jat agitation which is going on will, hopefully, end soon and things will normalise. The Haryana government has sorted out certain issues with the Jat leaders, such as withdrawal of cases against some Jats.
The state government has decided to give reservation to Jats, but the matter is pending in the high court. Let there be a judgment from the high court, and if the decision is in the favour of the state government, then the state government must recommend the inclusion of the Jat quota law in the Ninth Schedule.
SHEELA BHATT: Many see the Jat agitation in Haryana as an opposition to a non-Jat chief minister.
There have been 10 chief ministers in Haryana; five have been Jats and five have been non-Jats. This is a non-issue. Jats form one-fourth of the population of Haryana and naturally they assert themselves. When 1% of the population holds 57% of the wealth, then just jobs alone cannot end the disparity. You can eliminate poverty, but elimination of disparity is also very important. This is one of the reasons for the Jat reservation agitation. People say that the Jats are well-off, but this is because of our assertion. But until 150 years ago, we were being exploited. We are seeking reservation on the basis of our historical background.
MANEESH CHHIBBER: In 2014, you were the most influential leader to leave the Congress. Once you were a contender for the chief minister's post, and then there were talks to make you a Union minister in the previous government. However, that did not happen. Do you think that if the Congress fails to win Punjab and performs poorly in UP, other leaders will leave the party for the BJP?
I believe that national parties such as the Congress, the Left parties and the BJP should be prominently seen on the political horizon. But, when we see the Congress in the past three-four years, the party tied up with the Left in West Bengal, with Nitish Kumar and Lalu Prasad in Bihar, and now with the SP in Uttar Pradesh. The Congress is shrinking, and this is not in national interest.
I know the Congress from the inside. There is a big vacuum in the party, and if this continues, the Congress will shrink to such an extent that there will be a question mark on its role as a national party. And this will be most unfortunate.
RAJ KAMAL JHA: Could you elaborate on your statement that if the Congress ties up with smaller parties it is not in national interest and will lead to the shrinking of the party.
As a political analyst, I believe that the importance of regional parties will soon start reducing. When you get into such alliances, parliamentary democracy doesn't mature. Let us take the example of the BJP. In Haryana, when they ditched the Chautalas' INLD, which is a regional party, they never thought they will get a majority. But that was a good sign for the BJP and the political system.
In the Odisha panchayat elections, 849 seats were at stake. The previous time, the BJP only had 34 seats to its credit, now they have 316. This (gain) was against a man and his party (BJD), which so far had not been challenged in Odisha. So, it is a good sign.
When I was with the Congress, I was in Odisha once for some party work. I was interacting with people there. They told me that they wanted to get rid of this government (the BJD government), but no one wanted to challenge it. The BJP's success in Odisha shows that the younger generation looks at parliamentary democracy from a different angle, and this is good for the country.
ANAND MISHRA: UP politics is based on rigid caste lines, which have been broken only a couple of times in the name of Hindutva. In 2014, Jats voted for the BJP, but this time it appears that they are going to support the RLD. With caste and identity politics gaining currency in Uttar Pradesh once again, how do you see the BJP's chances in the Assembly polls?
Jats form only 2% of the population in Uttar Pradesh, but the advantage is that they have settled in clusters in 13-14 districts in the western part of the state. But then Uttar Pradesh has a population of 20 crore.
Caste politics has been playing out heavily in UP since 1989. But this kind of politics is not good for the state, and people realise it now. I don't know what will be the outcome, but certainly it will be a different result.
RAJ KAMAL JHA: In what ways have your experience in the BJP been different to that in the Congress?
Close to 42 years in one political outfit and that too with important responsibilities… I had the privilege of being election in-charge of seven states.
Where the Congress stands now is very sad. The BJP is a cadre-based party and they work differently. Party workers are given importance here (in the BJP). But in some of the areas, they have not been able to make their presence felt.
As I mentioned earlier, in Odisha we won in nine districts, all ST-dominated seats. You will see this in the UP elections too, and I have said this to the Prime Minister as well, that the poorer sections are voting for the BJP because of demonetisation and because of unification of people in the economic sector.
PRADEEP KAUSHAL: You want a stronger Congress, but the BJP wants a Congress-mukt Bharat.
These are political things. If there is no Congress, then there will be some other outfit which can claim the status of a national party. All I am saying is that if we do not have three or four parties with national status, then it is bad for parliamentary democracy.
19-year-old MF DOOM was too woke to sleep on voting. Back in 1991, the infancy of Rock The Vote, the MTV and Virgin Records helmed voter registration initiative rose to household name by wrangling an A-list of politically-active artists to speak on its behalf in concert and on screen, through a series of PSA-styled campaigns.
Everyone from Bootsy Collins to Madonna lent their voice to the NPO's mission of gaining new progressives via celebrity engagement. One of the acts tapped for the earliest round of campaigning was none other than KMD, comprised still-adolescent Onyx and DOOM (or Zev Love X, as we are known before his super-villain-of-rap days.) Rappcats has dug up a clip of Onyx and DOOM speaking to the power of Rock The Vote live and direct from the Senate, shoulder-to -shoulder with early champion of the cause, Steve Barr.
So while he's not hear to deliver the message in his current form (likely coasting on a Caribbean island just outside his secret underground volcano layer) take it from a young MF DOOM; get your ass out there and vote this November. With a prospective Trump presidency on the line, we need you now more than ever.
The Nets are really struggling so far. They are 2-5 and just got stomped by the Kings who only had one win headed into the game last night. As much as it pains me to see Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett lose games, I can't help but think selfishly about the pick that the Nets owe us this summer.
First of all, we have to remember that there are conditions on the pick tied to how well the Atlanta Hawks do.
NBA Future Drafts Detailed - RealGM
Brooklyn will convey the less favorable of its 2014 1st round pick and Atlanta's 2014 1st round pick to Boston (via Atlanta's right to swap for Brooklyn) [Atlanta-Brooklyn, 7/11/2012 and then Boston-Brooklyn, 7/12/2013]
Formerly it was assumed that the Nets would be a lot better than the Hawks, so it wouldn't have any impact. It is still very, very early, but there's at least a small chance that this provision might come into play.
The best case scenario for us pick-wise is if the Nets and Hawks are both lottery teams because we'll get a lottery selection out of it either way. An interesting wrinkle is that the league determines which pick is "better" after the lottery. So if one of these picks wins the lottery and goes into the top 3, that will be considered the "better" pick even if it belonged to the team with the higher win total. Of course, if either team makes the playoffs, then the pick is going to be in the late teens or early 20's.
Granted, there's a cart filled with hopes and dreams that is coasting well ahead of the proverbial horse at this point. The Nets have All Star talent stacked from top to bottom on the roster. They can't be bad for long, can they? Well, maybe all that star talent is part of the problem. Tom Ziller believes that one of the key problems is having enough basketballs to go around.
Deron Williams, Joe Johnson and the overloaded Brooklyn Nets - SBNation.com
The effect is that the Nets don't really have Deron Williams or Joe Johnson out there. They have pieces of those players out there. Williams hasn't had this low a usage rate since his second season in the league. Johnson's current usage rate is 17 percent, which is right above a Thabo Sefolosha-type level. J.J. hasn't been that low since his rookie year. Johnson's been pretty efficient so far this season; having played off and on with ball-dominant point guards (Steve Nash, Williams) during his career, he has some off-ball abilities. But Williams is flailing, and it's pretty easy to see why: he's totally uncomfortable in an offense in which he gives the ball to a teammate to create 80 percent of the time.
Almost feels like the Nets have too many guys who can post up, and they are trying to sort those touches out. — Zach Lowe (@ZachLowe_NBA) November 14, 2013
Their coach has exactly zero coaching experience, but he was a Hall of Fame point guard and he's got a good staff of coaches advising him. I still like their chances of figuring this thing out and getting people on the same page.
After all, Kevin Garnett is the most selfless superstar since Bill Russell and Pierce is used to playing with other stars. Williams will get his and JJ will come around (in theory).
Nothing would make me happier than to see the Nets and Hawks (currently 4-4) struggle this season but I'm not sure if that's something that we can bank on. With that said, every loss puts our draft pick in a better position, lottery or not. So feel free to take your time figuring things out Brooklyn.
On Saturday, in Brega, I met Osama BenSadik, a forty-seven-year-old Libyan-American who had returned to his homeland from Martinsville, Virginia, to help the revolution. He was offering his services in the hospital. (He is a volunteer firefighter in Henry County.) He told me, full of passion and pride and fear, that his twenty-one-year-old son, Muhanad, a second year medical student and a Boy Scout, who had been in school here in Libya, had gone to fight at the front line. “Tell America to come and help, because if we don't, if we let the Libyan revolution fail, then we—you and I and all of us—would see things we could never imagine,” he said. It wasn't a full-formed thought, but I understand BenSadik to be referring to the roiling and sometimes contradictory emotions among the young fighters at the front, who were watching their friends be slaughtered, and trying to come to terms with what it all meant. BenSadik told me that he feared for his son's safety because he was brave, and had told him that he felt the revolution was a cause worth dying for.
The next day, I was at what remained of Libya's rebel front line on the western edge of Ajdabiya, the eastern town that is a gateway to Benghazi. A large green gateway surrounded the trash of men at war and slag heaps of construction offal. A smattering of anti-aircraft batteries and a few hundred tense and dispirited men standing around with weapons, staring at the horizon, were all that seemed to be left of the euphoric crowd of several thousand civilian men and boys-turned-revolutionaries who had sung and danced and chanted at that same gateway as they readied themselves to attack and vanquish the hated Qaddafi regime just twelve days ago. After arming themselves with weaponry captured from police and army facilities, they charged westward, hoping to liberate the rest of the country. Members of the old Army supposedly joined them, but evidence of their support is scant. Without the help or advice of professionally trained soldiers and officers, the last ten days or so have seen the rebels—the youthful ‘shabbab,' as everyone calls them—bloodied at the oil towns of Ras Lanuf and Brega, west of here, and retreating in ever increasing panic and disarray.
The rebels have lost ground because they have not learned how to hold it. At the front lines at Ras Lanuf and Brega, they didn't dig trenches, and so when jets came to bomb them they panicked and ran. Last Friday, I was with them as they abandoned what had been their new fallback front line, in front of the refinery east of Ras Lanuf (having lost the town itself the day before) under withering barrages of rocket fire. That night, I slept in Brega; when I ventured back, the next day, to see if there was anything left of the front line, I found just fifteen or twenty battlewagons at a checkpoint in the desert fifty miles east, near El Aquela. A few more technical vehicles with guns showed up from Brega to reinforce the line; a few were beyond, “probing “ the desert, according to an officer I talked to—one of the very few soldiers I had spotted anywhere near the front lines in recent days.
Suddenly, the sky filled with the approaching roar of a diving jet fighter, which swooped in and, as we scrambled next to a car, dropped a bomb about a hundred feet from where we were. Once again, as we had seen so many times in the previous days, everyone fled—because there was no cover, and nowhere to hide. At Brega, there was a kind of reassembly of men, but they were few, and there were, again, no fortifications, no trenches, and precious few guns. The next morning, Brega, too, was abandoned amid similar scenes, as Qaddafi's forces, coming onwards, heralded their intention to advance with long-range rocket fire and more aerial bombardment.
For days now, all the fighters have come up to Westerners like myself and asked, with varying degrees of passion, “Where is Obama, where is America?” They wanted to know why the West has, as they see it, dragged its feet about a no-fly zone. It had become clear that without some kind of international deterrent force the rebellion would fail. From here, the arguments being used against a no-fly zone, which seems a low-risk investment in the anti-Qaddafi revolution, have been impossible to fathom. It worked in Serbia, after all, and the West had managed to impose and then enforce a no-fly zone with alacrity in Iraq after the first Gulf War, and then kept it in place for twelve long years. Why is it suddenly so difficult to impose one here in Libya?
In truth, even if a no-fly zone is imposed now, it might not be enough to stop Qaddafi's advance. Its real value, as far as I have been able to ascertain, would be the symbolic importance, the morale boost it would give the fighters, to allow them to feel that they are not entirely alone in the world. It might even buy them enough time to rally more volunteers to stand and fight, rather than retreat, in the face of Qaddafi's advancing ground forces—or at least to dig some trenches. If Libya's revolutionaries are truly abandoned, however, anything is possible. An ideological incoherence seethes in these young people—trying to be brave, terrified and nonetheless going forward, and being blown to pieces—which could be exploited if their revolutionary euphoria turns to bitter resentment.
At Ajdabiya hospital yesterday, I ran into Osama BenSadik. He crumpled in my arms as I walked up to him, and his whole body heaved as he wept. Muhanad had been killed, fighting, not far from Brega, Saturday morning. BenSadik sobbed with a father's inconsolable grief. He was at the hospital, waiting for the body, which he hoped would be retrieved—but he didn't know, because it was Qaddafi territory now. If Muhanad's body came, he told me, he would take it to his brother's house in Benghazi and he would mourn for three days as in the Libyan tradition. Then he would return to the front. “I am not going to let Muhanad's death be in vain,” he said. “I'm not going back to America until this is over. I don't care about anything anymore.”
Slide show: Our coverage of the protests in Libya.
Photograph: AP/Nasser Nasser
This is a deck version of the awesome MaxX: Maximum Punk Rock that I've been playing and having a blast with it. I just love her so much, but I'm trying something different. I got back to the old anarch icebreaker suite. This deck is fast and furious, have enough economy to burst to most of the servers and its really tight on memory. And, its a blast to play. Here are some card choices, and some tips against some decks.
Inject is probably my favorite card of the deck. Its always a win situation here because it puts what you want in your heap (the expensive programs) and buy you the cards that you want in your hand (Clone Chip, I've Had Worse, Levy AR Lab Access).
The Personal Touch is awesome. Put it at Yog.0 and if you got both of them, do not be afraid to put it on Femme Fatale so you can break that damn Architect easier.
D4v1d is there for those damn crap expensive ICE. While Morning Star / Datasucker can break any bad barrier, sometimes you just want to break fast. In late game, if your RIG is all set, you have to sacrifice any of the big breakers to put it. Most of the time I trash my Femme Fatale so I can bring her back and reset her marker.
About the one-ofs, they are mostly situational.
Imp is here against Crisium, SanSans or any corp that just creates too many remotes. It helps a lot too against Blue Sun tag and bag, since you can just trash those damn combo cards.
Ice Carver is here against glaciers, so you spend less Datasucker tokens.
Kati Jones is here for a sustained economy so important against tag and bags. You know that you need way too much money to keep free of tags. So pump her up, run against Weyland, and get her money so you can keep away from SEA Source, Punitive Counterstrike and such.
My first version got Corroder and Mimic but I never used them. The truth is, most of the time I was using Femme Fatale as sentry breaker and Morning Star is ridiculous awesome. Sometimes, with a very guarded archive, I have to bring a Femme Fatale or a Morning Star the hard way, but it pays off. I use D4v1d just to make a Retrieval Run for them.
Most of the time this deck will be the fast aggressive deck that MaxX: Maximum Punk Rock is used to. However, against Blue Sun (or almost any other weyland), I recommend caution. Always get money, keep running in every central for datasucker tokens and destroy their ICEs as soons as possible with Parasite. I've Had Worse days fearing Scorched Earth, but you got to keep a close eye to your stack or you will end up dead. DO NOT RUN AND DO A Levy AR Lab Access AFTER! Do not believe that you will be lucky enough to buy a've Had Worse.
This deck is awesome to play and I'm having a great fun with it. Feedback is always appreciated.
Eli Manning is ignoring him, with a fixed grin on his face. Carmelo Anthony is crouched in concentration a few feet away, clutching a basketball and also indifferent to his presence, while David Wright is wedged into a far corner, as if keeping a safe distance from the interloper.
And among these storied New York sporting figures, a new arrival is in full stride, up on his toes and with eyes on goal as he controls the ball at his feet. Can this be Lionel Messi, New York sports star?
Hardly. MLS designated player budgets don't stretch quite that far just yet. Instead, "Messi" is the latest exhibit at New York's Madame Tussauds, where he is the centerpiece of their newly refurbished sports hall.
What perhaps marks this as news is the company Messi is keeping and what that indicates about the inroads soccer is continuing to make into U.S. popular culture. There's a profoundly local New York emphasis to the exhibits that makes the inclusion of even as storied a soccer player as Messi appear incongruously noteworthy.
A wax sculpture of Lionel Messi debuts at Madame Tussauds in New York.
Speaking to ESPN FC at the unveiling of the waxwork, the head of marketing and sales for Madame Tussauds, Eric Fluet, claimed that the Messi figure was driven by visitor demand, both local and international. "We keep our finger on the pulse of modern pop culture," he said.
Fluet also claimed that Messi spoke to all the demographics of the museum's visitors.
"We decided to portray him from his 2014 FIFA World Cup and he really talks to both our guests who are here domestically in the U.S., and the soccer as that emerging sport, but also our international community who are very important to us in the summer months."
Messi, of course, famously fell just short of driving Argentina to victory in that World Cup, but his presence at Madam Tussauds in the heart of New York's tourist district shows how his individual presence transcends the sport. It would be hard to imagine a Manuel Neuer or possibly even a Cristiano Ronaldo waxwork having the same type of culturally ubiquitous presence for Tussauds to exploit, let alone to relaunch the whole sporting wing of the New York building.
Fluet agrees that part of the logic is timing, and that soccer's time has come in the U.S.
"Absolutely. I couldn't even tell you how many figures we talk about, musicians, sports stars or just people who've had an impact on culture in general ... Some of these guys just don't make it to the final figure placement. This was the right figure at the right time."
As he speaks, a small line is forming to kick a ball against the touchscreen and a virtual goalkeeper behind Messi. In the far corner of the room, an ignored Muhammad Ali is cautiously preparing to lift his gloves. He's seen it all before, though never quite like this.
Graham Parker writes for ESPN FC, FourFourTwo and Howler. He covers MLS and the U.S. national teams. Follow him on Twitter @grahamparkerfc.
Winter photography is a challenge I often don't succeed in, usually coming home with cards full of badly composed shots, boring overcast exposures and many failed attempts at trying something different to suit the environment I'm in. It sometimes makes me feel inadequate. However, when I do succeed, the feeling is euphoric and those are the moments I patiently wait for. For me, winter seems to bring the best results. What excites me about winter photography is the challenge of getting up when you are cold and tired, enduring chilling winds and occasional showers or snow in the hope that a small window of opportunity that can set this shot apart from any other photo. When I do succeed, the feeling is euphoric. The hard work pays off.
In winter, snow simplifies the landscape. It gets rid of all the clutter and all the distractions that surround a prominent subject. What survives the suffocation of snow is usually an interesting subject that is for the most part worth investigating with the camera. It limits your options and forces you to think in a different way. It forces you to create artistically and takes away the temptation of copping out and taking just another ‘panorama from the carpark'. Snow sets a challenge for the willing and passionate photographer, often teasing your limits and occasionally beating you and your gear. There have been many times where I have given up halfway through a hike, or swore at the elements from body fatigue and cold feet. But then again, looking back at some of the images i've taken when in that place makes me appreciate the dialogue between earth and photographer.
Snow is also a good recipient of colour. There is nothing better than getting up early, and capturing the subtle wash of purple and blueish tones in the alpine glow that transform the pre-dawn landscape. It changes the mood of the mountains and valleys. During my four-day trip into Aoraki National Park, I was lucky enough to experience this just once. Although my feet were frozen stiff, to the point where I actually had to walk around in circles for 10 minutes just to get the circulation back into my toes, I was gifted with a small 15-minute window in which I captured the tip of Aoraki/Mt. Cook still in a state of sleep. I felt like a photojournalist capturing a rare candid moment. I'd gotten the image I had hoped I would be lucky enough to get.
Roos resurrects a DobberHockey favorite by making 10 truly bold forecasts for 2015-16………
Beyond fresh hopes for my fantasy teams to begin marches to victory, one of the joys of this time of year for me had been the 10 Fearless Forecasts column penned by Jeff Angus for DobberHockey. The column struck an excellent balance between making predictions that were truly bold yet also grounded enough in reality that you could imagine them – or at least a few of them – actually happening.
Rather than just remembering it nostalgically for yet another year, I decided to ask Dobber if I could skip Cage Match for a week and publish my own attempt at a 10 Fearless Forecasts column for 2015-16, and he gave me the go ahead. So with a stick tap to Angus – we still miss you buddy! – I present my list of 10 Fearless Forecasts for the 2015-16 season.
1) No player who has previously won an Art Ross Trophy will finish among the top three in scoring
Yup, that means no Sidney Crosby or Evgeni Malkin (one or both of them have finished in the top three in seven of the past eight seasons), no Alex Ovechkin (top three five times), no Jamie Benn (top scorer last season), no Henrik Sedin or Daniel Sedin (top three once each), and, if we're getting technical, no Joe Thornton, Jarome Iginla or Jaromir Jagr either. I see the top three as John Tavares, Tyler Seguin, and Jakub Voracek. I ruled Benn out because he won the Art Ross for 2014-15 on the heels of a completely insane run (15 points in six games!) at the end of the season, while Ovechkin is a bit windexy to actually be in the mix when the dust settles. As for Crosby and Malkin, I predict both will miss enough games to take them out of contention.
2) Chris Kreider will outpoint Rick Nash
Last season Kreider had only four more points than Nash had goals. Yet when watching Kreider, I felt that something special was about to bubble to the surface; and I think this season we see it happen. Also keep in mind that before finishing the 2014-15 regular season with no points in his final three games, Kreider had rattled off ten points in nine contests. A sign of things to come? I say yes. It's also easy to forget now that during the 2013-14 playoffs Nash was fourth in total ice time per game among Ranger forwards and eighth in PP ice time, on his way to posting just ten points in 25 games. Sure – Nash's contract will provide him every chance to succeed, but in the end Kreider might just make it impossible for the team not to lean on him more and more, and, with that, less and less on Nash.
3) A St. Louis netminder will finish among the top ten in NHL goalie wins
The 10th highest win total among NHL goalies was 34 in 2014-15, and 32 in 2013-14. As for the last time a Blues goaltender had more than even 30 wins – try way back in 2003-04; and I'm guessing nearly no one could name who it was without looking (answer below). The safe bet is that yet again the Blues goalie situation will unfold as a 1A/1B share between Brian Elliott and Jake Allen. But I think with the team's two straight 50+ win campaigns followed by disappointing first round playoff exits they might decide the missing ingredient is a true #1 goalie, and hitch their horse to one of the two, with the other being relegated to traditional back-up. As for the answer, it was longtime Red Wing Chris Osgood.
4) Jordan Staal will post 55+ points
I realize Staal is now seen as a fantasy afterthought at best (the DobberHockey Fantasy Guide has him pegged at 38 points) and technically he's never posted more than 50 points in a season; but someone in Carolina has to score, and Eric's little brother did tally six points in his final ten games for 2014-15. Of course his Band-Aid Boy status could undermine this prediction; but somehow I feel things just might align very well for him, especially with expectations at pretty much an all-time low.
5) Ryan O'Reilly will outpoint all Avs forwards
O'Reilly going to Buffalo might scare many poolies away from drafting him in one year leagues, but count me among those who think he could challenge (or even exceed) his career high of 64 points this season. It's an entirely different story out West, where Colorado's top guys are poised to be a collective assortment that should be much better than the 50-60 points they all just might finish with yet again.
6) David Savard will be among the top 10 in defensemen in scoring
I like Columbus this season…….a lot. And I happen to believe things are aligned for Savard to break out big time. For one, Jack Johnson's focus might not be 100% on hockey, leaving the door open for Savard to step up and take the reins. And let's not forget Savard stands to absorb a nice chunk of the more than three minutes per game of PP Ice Time that now former Blue Jackets James Wisniewski (56 games) and Tim Erixon (19 games) averaged for the team last season. But the biggest factor is Savard was already a 50 point player during the last nearly 30% of the 2014-15 season, with 14 points in his final 23 games. Oh, and 50 points happens to be right at what the 10th highest scoring d-man averaged over the past two seasons (52 points in 2014-15, 49 in 2013-14).
7) Anze Kopitar will finally post a point per game season
Sure, he hasn't come close to even flirting with the point per game mark since 2010-11 (73 points in 75 games) and finished last season with only 64 points, which was the lowest output of his career in any campaign where he played more than 72 games. But Kopitar actually tallied 51 points in his final 52 games of 2014-15, after a brutal start of 13 points in 27 games. Plus, Milan Lucic arguably gives him a lot more than what Dustin Brown offered in recent years. And don't think it's lost on me (or him) that he'll either be playing for his next contract or trying to show that his new deal (if one is signed) was merited.
8) Kyle Turris or Sean Monahan will finish among the top five NHL centers in points
To put this in context, according to nhl.com the fifth highest scoring “center” for 2014-15 had 76 points, with Turris finishing 18th among centers and Monahan tied for 20th. And keep in mind that centers like Evgeni Malkin, Claude Giroux, Ryan Getzlaf, and Steven Stamkos didn't even land within the top five for 2014-15! What it boils down to is Turris and Monahan were electric in the second half of last season (34 points in his final 34 games for Turris, 37 in his final 38 for Monahan), and I can envision one – or even both – building on that momentum to emerge with a 75+ point campaign in 2015-16.
9) There will be at least double the number of 40+ goal scorers as there were in 2014-15
For those who don't recall, there were only three who hit the 40+ threshold last season (Alex Ovechkin, Steven Stamkos, Rick Nash), and the last time there were six or more was way back in 2009-10. Although you can tell from what I wrote above that I'm thinking Nash won't make the list again, several others should for various reasons, namely 3×3 overtime (giving the best players more opportunities to pot markers), goal scoring rates from last season (Tyler Seguin and Corey Perry scored at a 40+ pace but didn't play enough games), and natural talent progression (John Tavares and Vladimir Tarasenko finished last season with 38 and 37 respectively, and one has to think either or both will inch upwards to reach 40). And that's not even mentioning the nirvana that Phil Kessel – already a three time 36+ goal scorer – is entering. Now all everyone has to do is stay healthy…..
And in the spirit of ending with a bang, I present #10, and yes – I'm serious……hear me out……
10) Either Marek Zidlicky or Zdena Chara (or both!) will finish with more points than John Carlson, Oliver Ekman-Larsson, and Keith Yandle
I realize the 38 year old Zidlicky hasn't tallied above 43 points in a season since Sidney Crosby was a rookie and Chara – also 38 – hasn't bested 44 points since 2008-09, and I'm also fully aware that the last player not named Nicklas Lidstrom to post 45+ points at age 38 or older was Rob Blake, also back in 2008-09. But I still think a case can be made for both Zidlicky and Chara to far exceed expectations, while Carlson, OEL and Yandle will each disappoint.
Zidlicky is walking into seemingly as perfect of a situation as there could be for him, what with the Islanders being an offensive force (4th last season in goals scored) and arguably no other Islander d-man as well suited as him to QB their PP1. Beyond that, Zidlicky sees this season as his “last chance,” and his contract is full of incentives, so he won't be resting on his laurels collecting paychecks. Need even more proof? Consider that walking band-aid boy – and still unsigned – Libomir Visnovsky managed 20 points in 53 games (31 point full season pace) for the Islanders last season, and I think Zidlicky should give the Islanders 150% of 2014-15 Visnovsky, which would equate to 46 points.
Chara is a fierce competitor who no doubt is humbled by his performance in recent seasons. Beyond that, he missed 19 regular season games in 2014-15 and didn't have to take the ice for 25+ minutes per game for an added 1-2 months in the playoffs. That gives him the kind of rest he hasn't had since following his first Bruins season, which is when the team last missed the playoffs, and after which Chara posted 51 points in 77 games for what's still the top scoring pace season of his career.
As for Carlson, OEL and Yandle, although all are superbly talented, Carlson's IPPs (Individual Points Percentages, i.e., how often he received a point when a goal was scored while he was on the ice at 5×5 or 5×4) were so outrageously high in 2014-15 that a 10+ point reduction in scoring is quite possible, while OEL will still be stuck playing super tough minutes on a Coyotes squad that might not even surpass its 165 goals from last season, and Yandle saw his ice time plummet on his way to a reduced scoring pace as part of a Rangers team that lost no key d-men in the offseason. Translation – none of them might hit even 45 points.
*
There you have it; now let's hear your feedback. You can use the comments below, and there's a thread in the DobberHockey Forums to discuss your thoughts on these fearless forecasts, to vote on which one you think is most likely to actually come true, and to even go ahead and make some fearless forecasts of your own!
But just remember, the concept behind the column is fearless forecasts, which means a “swing for the fences” mentality, with the expectation that there might be a few home runs but also plenty of misses. After all, one of Angus' Fearless Forecasts for 2010-11 was that Vesa Toskala would be a Vezina Trophy nominee. I think that pretty much puts things in proper perspective…..
BEIJING — Dark, featureless, defiantly drab, it accompanies President Xi Jinping almost as constantly as his bodyguards.
Of the many mysteries about China's president, the most evident may be the navy blue, zippered windbreaker that he wears like a second skin.
Mao popularized the tunic suit with a tight collar that now bears his name. Deng often wore the Mao suit, while his successors embraced Western business attire.
But Mr. Xi has become so attached to his windbreaker that it might now be called the “Xi jacket.”
On a recent trip to the countryside, he wore it next to a villager who appeared elated to meet the national leader while wearing a matching jacket. But he has also rocked the jacket in more formal settings, like a recent meeting in a Beijing lecture hall on the role of philosophy and the social sciences.
Trump just promised a "ruthless" war on drugs. — Radley Balko (@radleybalko) February 8, 2017
In a speech to the Major Cities Chiefs Association this morning President Trump said it's time to stop the flow of drugs into the United States. Fighting the illegal drug trade has proven to be an intractable problem for decades and many people say that the “war on drugs” has been lost, or at least that it is not winnable. Citing his border wall as a solution along with confidence in DHS Secretary Kelly, Trump apparently believes he will succeed where everyone else has failed.
The continuation of the drug war will probably get a lot of criticism from the right where the policy has become very unpopular with the libertarian wing. Some of Trump's comments naturally drew immediate fire from the left.
Trump's insistence that our opioid epidemic is an issue of “drugs pouring over the border” bodes ill for actually improving the situation. — ana marie cox (@anamariecox) February 8, 2017
Wow. Trump promises to be "ruthless" in fight against drugs, echoing Duterte's murderous crusade in the Philippines. — Christopher Ingraham (@_cingraham) February 8, 2017
Trump told the law enforcement leaders that the wall is “being designed right now.” Will it accomplish all the things he's promising? We'll have to wait and see.
Everything we're told about digital security says that you should never let strangers roam your network without your permission. But if you're a Comcast customer, that's exactly what will happen as the company's Xfinity WiFi service rolls out. Fortunately, there's a way to bar the door.
With Xfinity WiFi, we're all hotspots now
Mike Mozart via Flickr Comcast says it'll give plenty of notice before your modem is Xfinity-WiFi-enabled.
If you live in a major metropolitan area in the East Coast or in the Midwest, chances are Xfinity WiFi's already operating in your area. The service takes advantage of the dual-band (2.5GHz/5GHz) Xfinity Wireless Gateway 2 modem (model DPC3939) it's been distributing to customers for the past year. (Other modems Comcast uses also have the capability.) Comcast reserves one band and antenna for your own use, and one to serve as a public Xfinity Wi-Fi hotspot.
There's an easy way to tell whether the public hotspot's enabled on your modem: You should see an “xfinitywifi” public SSID broadcast from your own router. To access it, users will need a Comcast Xfinity login and password.
Comcast has already installed 1 million Xfinity WiFi hotspots across the nation, with plans to reach 8 million by the end of the year. Target metropolitan areas include Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Denver, Detroit, Hartford, Houston, Indianapolis, Miami, Minneapolis, Nashville, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Portland, Sacramento, Salt Lake City, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington D.C., Comcast says.
All you'll need to log in to Xfinity Wi-Fi is your Xfinity login and password.
Comcast customers at the “Performance” (25-Mbps) tier or above will be able to surf on any public Xfinity WiFi hotspot for an unlimited amount of time, for free. (If you're a Comcast customer at a slower tier, or not a customer at all, you can try it free for two one-hour sessions, according to a Comcast spokesperson.)
To ensure your bandwidth isn't monopolized, only five people will be able to sign onto an Xfinity Wi-Fi hotspot at one time, the spokesperson added.
Is sharing safe?
The security questions are more difficult question to answer. According to Comcast, if someone logs on and begins downloading pornography, for example, such actions will be linked to that person's account. You won't be liable, the spokesman said.
But whether that person will be able to access other devices on your network, including your hard drive, is a separate question. And Comcast's response isn't reassuring.
Comcast encourages users to set strong passwords, and it supplies antivirus software to its customers. If the company does detect an unusual amount or source of traffic, such as a customer who may have been infected by a virus and turned into a zombie, or ‘bot,” that customer will be notified.
That doesn't answer the question of whether an elderly customer blissfully surfing away on an unprotected PC will be unduly exposed by Xfinity WiFi. Comcast recommends that customers use antivirus protection plus a firewall and take advantage of its gateway's 128-bit WPA and WPA2 encryption. “If a consumer doesn't put the in the necessary precautions, to at least take some of these steps, they're not doing everything they can to protect their account,” the spokesman said.
The Xfinity wireless gateway.
Comcast says that users should have been notified of their router's evolution into an Xfinity hotspot via email, mailers, and even a press release. If you don't want Xfinity WiFi, however, you have to opt out. Here's the process, as noted by Dwight Silverman:
Log into your Comcast account page at customer.comcast.com .
. Click on Users & Preferences.
Look for a heading on the page for “Service Address.” Below your address, click the link that reads “Manage Xfinity WiFi.”
Click the button for “Disable Xfinity Wifi Home Hotspot.”
Click Save.
You can also call Comcast and ask that they put the modem into “bridge mode.”
The answer: buy an approved third-party router
The easiest way, of course, is to simply ditch Comcast's modem entirely. PCWorld contributor Eric Geier gets into the nuts and bolts. To its credit, Comcast makes the process simple from its end as well.
First, check Comcast's site to see whether your existing cable modem is expiring, as Comcast may not tell you. An older modem may be hobbling your premium-broadband service. Proceed to Comcast's dedicated site to buy a new cable modem. (Cox has its own list of compatible modems, as does Time Warner Cable.)
On the Comcast site, you'll find prices as low as $70 (new from Amazon) for the Arris/Motorola SB6121 bare-bones modem. (On the low end, of course, you'll need to supply a separate router.) Have a look at the specs, too: the SB6121 can transfer 172 Mbits/s down and upload up to 131 Mbits/s. That's more than enough for most small families, especially if your service is only rated at, say, 16 Mbits/s. But if you're thinking of upgrading to the Extreme 150 tier, for example, that might be pushing it a bit. The $90 Arris SB6141 downloads up to 343 Mbits/s at a time.
One great alternative to the Comcast Xfinity gateway is this simple, inexpensive cable modem from Arris and Motorola.
You can also pay more, if you wish, to buy a true gateway with integrated router capabilities, including the most recent 802.11ac technology for higher-bandwidth wireless streaming and MoCA capability for using your existing coax runs as wired networking cables.
It's fairly certain the third-party gateways on the Comcast site won't suddenly sprout Xfinity WiFi capabilities. Simply buy Comcast's low-end recommended modem and attach your own router to it—either one you already own, or a new model. (Here's the PCWorld roundup of the best 802.11ac routers of 2013.)
The most annoying part of the process may be returning your existing router, and phoning in your new router's MAC address to ensure it can be identified by your cable provider.
Eventually, of course, any new cable modem you purchase will itself become obsolete. That doesn't look like it will happen anytime soon, however. Last Halloween, CableLabs released the specifications for DOCSIS 3.1, which sets the stage for whopping 10-Gbit/s connections. As Light Reading notes, end-to-end deployment trials will likely begin in 2016. And most cable operators are thinking of DOCSIS 3.1 in the context of a world where video is passed entirely over IP streams, which may be far in the future.
So far, Comcast hasn't given any indication that it will penalize users for not adopting its Xfinity WiFi router. In other words, you can opt out of supplying a public WiFi hotspot, and still take advantage of other Xfinity hotspots in airports and elsewhere. (Or Starbucks, for that matter.) And with 4G cellular plans becoming cheaper, there's always the option of tethering to your phone, too.
The bottom line, however, is that owning your own cable modem allows you to save money and control your own security. And if Comcast's new Xfinity WiFi hotspot network weirds you out, that's another reason to switch.
State-owned enterprise Transpower is investing in new technology to check its transmission lines and substations nationwide in a bid to cut costs, improve efficiency and increase safety.
The operator of the national grid is planning a shift to robots and unmanned aerial vehicles to check the lines and substations.
Transpower chief executive Patrick Strange said the company was willing to invest millions of dollars a year in new technology to potentially save millions more in costs.
Resilience had been restored in the grid after a five-year capital investment programme, Transpower said, and the company was now focusing on how to better use existing assets rather than building new ones.
Strange said a substation like the one at Drury, south of Auckland, was worth $20 million.
Transpower was looking at how new technology could help keep costs down and get more out of its existing stations, Strange said.
Using unmanned drones and remotely controlled robots to check substations and transmission lines would reduce callout times and restore power hours earlier in the event of an outage.
The company showed off the new technology today at its Drury substation as part of an International Committee on large Electric Systems (CIGRE) conference.
The technology that drew the most attention was the unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV).
The 3.5-metre-long mini-helicopter would be used to check transmission lines for damage, obstruction and outages, rather than sending out people on foot or in regular helicopters, the company said.
Transpower said current options were expensive and sometimes disruptive for landowners.
Each year, Transpower spent up to $4 million on scheduled ground-based inspections, and up to $600,000 on scheduled and non-scheduled helicopter inspections.
Using remotely piloted aerial vehicles would mean better flight safety, cost savings, shorter response times, more information collected and less disruption to landowners, it said.
Strange said the company already used some "pretty hi-tech stuff", but drones and robots were the next step.
"What you're seeing today is tomorrow's technology."
Transpower senior principal engineer Andrew Renton said the company did not yet own a UAV but planned to buy two aircraft and a ground control station from Austrian manufacturer Schiebel.
Renton would not say exactly how much the technology would cost to buy.
"It's expensive and it's in the millions of dollars."
Strange said he expected the company to have the UAVs in Transpower's network within the next 2-1/2 years. Schiebel had been developing its drone since 2006.
The drone has a range of a 400-kilometre radius, a maximum altitude of 5km, and can fly up to about 180kmh but flies at only 30kmh while patrolling. It has high-definition and infa-red cameras.
Transpower was also trialling a transmission line robot and a substation 4x4 all-terrain robot as part of its systems improvement programme.
The substation robot was still in its prototype phase and the line robot was being developed to allow for use on live lines, Transpower said.
Strange said he expected the robots to be fully developed and in the network within the next couple of years.
The push towards new technology would not result in redundancies, Strange said.
While the robots would mean a change in people's jobs, the company had plenty of work available, he said.
"If you want a career for life, become a lineman."
The U.S. Supreme Court heard oral arguments on Tuesday in a case that features a party with one of the longest and most pretentious names ever to appear on the court's docket: Schuette v. Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action, Integration and Immigrant Rights and Fight for Equality By Any Means Necessary (BAMN). Hopefully, the justices viewed the arguments made by BAMN and another party, Chase Cantrell, with the skepticism they deserved.
Advertisement
Advertisement
BAMN challenged a 2006 Michigan referendum that amended the state constitution to ban all “sex- and race-based preferences in public education, public employment, and public contracting,” although only the use of race in college admissions is before the Court. The referendum passed by a margin of 58 to 42 percent and is almost identical to a 1996 California referendum that has been upheld by the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.
That didn't faze the Sixth Circuit, however. In one of the most bizarre rulings to come out of a federal appeals court in decades, the Sixth Circuit last year held that banning racial discrimination in the college-admissions process and requiring equal treatment violated the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th Amendment. The Sixth Circuit postulated that the referendum deprived racial minorities of equal protection under the “political-process doctrine” because it reallocated political power and the decision-making process on admissions from the Board of Regents, putting a special burden on minorities because they would have to try to overturn the amendment through the normal democratic process.
Michigan solicitor general John Bursch expertly argued the case on behalf of Michigan. He discussed the inapplicability of prior Supreme Court cases on the political-process doctrine — Washington v. Seattle School District No. 1 (1982) and Hunter v. Erickson (1969) — and pointed out the incongruity of arguing that a law that bans unequal treatment violates the ban against unequal treatment.
Advertisement
In what has become a common occurrence, Justice Sonia Sotomayor interrupted him almost immediately with a question. She proceeded to act as though she were the attorney for BAMN, not an associate justice of the Supreme Court. At one point, she even interrupted the attorney nominally representing BAMN, Shanta Driver, who was trying to answer a question from Justice Samuel Alito, telling Driver she was giving the wrong answer and then proceeding to answer Alito's question. From Sotomayor's questioning, it appeared obvious that she favors affirmative action and other forms of politically correct racial discrimination in college admissions — as long as the “wrong” people are being discriminated against and the “right” people are being discriminated for.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Driver made the astounding argument that the 14th Amendment protects only racial minorities. When she said that, Justice Antonin Scalia looked like he was going to pop out of his chair. He asked her if she could name a single case where the Court had ever said such a thing, and Driver was forced to admit there wasn't one. But that is a theory one hears from some of the most radical law professors in the country. Driver did such a terrible job arguing on behalf of BAMN that another courtroom observer later remarked to me that it was as if Michigan had gotten extra time for its arguments.
Advertisement
Driver and a second lawyer arguing for Chase Cantrell had difficulty answering basic questions from several justices, including Justice Alito. The crux of BAMN's argument was the claim that taking the decision out of the hands of college administrators and putting it in the state constitution violated equal protection because of the difficulty minorities would have trying to change the constitution compared to trying to persuade college administrators to reimpose racial preferences. This argument raises the obvious question: Where do you draw the line? Who can make the decision on this issue? The faculty? The college dean? The college president? The Board of Regents of the Michigan state-college system? The state legislature? At what point does it become so “difficult” for a minority group to affect the process that the Equal Protection Clause is violated?
The justices should rule against BAMN. Its view of the 14th Amendment is completely untenable. It is time for America to banish racial discrimination entirely and make it illegal under all circumstances — as the voters of Michigan did seven years ago.
LAS CRUCES, N.M. — On the edge of this parched southern New Mexico city, Phillip Arnold surveyed his rows of neatly pruned pecan trees with a satisfied smile.
“There was a time when I wondered what kind of mistake I had made,” said Mr. Arnold, who began helping his family grow pecans along the Rio Grande as a teenager in the 1960s. “But today, I feel real good about what we're doing, and I feel good about the future.”
For months on end, the Southwest has been in the clutches of an unrelenting drought, one of the worst in New Mexico's history. Earlier this month, the federal Agriculture Department declared six counties in the state as natural disaster areas because of the drought, including Doña Ana County, where Las Cruces sits.
While the lack of rainfall has left many ranchers and farmers reeling — and has earned the Rio Grande the nickname “Rio Sand” — pecan growers here have been able to thrive.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption What we know about the attackers of the Dhaka cafe
"These are not men who did this in any random manner. These were people who were trained and knew exactly how to instil fear."
Shahana Siddiqui knew the owners of the Holey cafe, in Bangladesh's capital, which was attacked last Friday.
Through the night, she was in touch with them and got a blow-by-blow account of the horrifying events.
So who were the men who carried out the country's worst ever militant attack?
They were all Bangladeshi but the one fact that has transfixed this nation is their personal history.
They were almost all from affluent backgrounds and had studied in some of the country's top schools and colleges.
Some of the hostages who were freed described them as well-dressed and English-speaking.
The Facebook account of one of them, Nibras Islam, is filled with pictures of him with friends. There is even one showing him meeting a Bollywood actress.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Imtiaz Khan: "I am stunned. My son used to pray five times a day from a young age"
Another of the attackers has been identified as Rohan Imtiaz.
He studied at one of the country's best private schools, Scholastica, described to me by one Bangladeshi as "Dhaka's equivalent of Eton", a reference to the top English school.
His father, Imtiaz Khan, is a politician with Bangladesh's governing Awami League party.
Rohan had apparently disappeared in December and his father filed a missing person's report with the police a month later.
"I am stunned to learn this, dumbfounded," he told the BBC. "There was nothing at home, no books or anything to indicate he was leaning that way.
Mr Khan is still not sure how his son became a radical.
"Perhaps through the internet," he added.
On the face of it, the suspects appeared to have led normal lives, typical of people from similar elite backgrounds.
Image copyright AP Image caption Bangladesh has seen militant violence before but experts say the attack is an escalation
One of them played football, another enjoyed listening to music while a third was fond of racing his car through Dhaka's streets at night with his friends.
But at some point, all of them changed, became reclusive and then disappeared from public view.
The North South University is the country's first private university and is located in a quiet, leafy neighbourhood.
This is where Nibral Islam studied.
After a lot of attempts, I finally track down one person who knew him. He agreed to speak to me but only on the phone and after I promised not to reveal his identity.
"I used to see him on campus. I've run into him a few times in the canteen," he tells me.
I ask him if he could tell me what he was like. "Very normal, just like anyone else."
Image copyright AFP Image caption The affluent background of the attackers has been a big talking point in Bangladesh
He then told me that there are several Islamic radical groups who discreetly approach the students.
"It's very harmless at first. They ask them if they pray regularly and things like that."
Students who respond are then given literature and asked to attend discussions.
"Eventually they are told: 'This is no life. Join the jihad.' Those who get indoctrinated slowly withdraw from public and then simply disappear."
Bangladesh is not new to militant violence. But many agree that this attack marks a new and dangerous direction.
"This is only the beginning," says Brig Gen Shakhawat Hossain, a retired army officer and security analyst.
"There's more to come."
“Jason's Library,” New Era, May 1983, 33
It started just a little over two years ago. Jason Hardman was ten then, and it was summer. The tulips along the main street of Elsinore, Utah, were only a bright blur of color to Jason as he streaked by them on his bike. He slowed and turned the corner at the post office and then, passing the Cash Store, he started pedaling even faster, moving up toward the town hall. He didn't want to be late. The sidewalk ended, and he turned his bike onto the deserted street.
It was late in the day. The town was quiet. Nighthawks were sweeping the warm air above the streets for bugs. Jason rode his bike through the long-flung shadows into pools of light so bright and liquid he half expected to splash through them.
As in most small towns there is a kind of quiet eloquence to summer evenings in Elsinore. It's a good place to be in summer. Just south of town in the thickets of mulberry bushes and Russian olives there are quail, pheasants, jackrabbits, and coyotes. In town there is a ball park, two rock shops, to Eat at Steve's and Get Gas service station and cafe, and the Cash Store; but two years ago there was no library.
There was no place to check out books telling of pirate Long John Silver and his treasure or of the terrible Captain Ahab's relentless pursuit of Moby Dick across wild seas. After you'd read all the good books you had at home, there was no place close by to get books to read late at night under warm and safe covers, solving the mysteries of Sherlock Holmes or Agatha Christie. Agatha Christie mysteries were Jason's favorite.
The mayor leaned back in his chair. The other members of Elsinore's town council were smiling as Jason stood in front of them.
“We need a library,” Jason said.
“Nope, not enough money.”
“No place to put it.”
“No one to run it.”
Jason told them they could put the library in one of the unused rooms in the town hall and that it wouldn't cost much money. They could get people to donate the books. He also told them he would run it. They turned him down again, thinking he would just give up. They didn't know Jason.
“I knew I could do it. I could get a library started,” Jason says. “I wasn't about to give up.”
For months he kept asking and the mayor and council kept saying no, but finally either the mayor and the city council wore down or they became convinced Jason could get a library started. They gave him permission to use a room in the basement of the town hall. They offered him no money or assistance. If there was going to be a library, it would be up to Jason.
“Maybe he will look at the room we gave him and give up.”
The city hall was in a restored grade school and the basement was in bad shape. Jason, his family, and several friends had to scrub the floor with wire brushes. The walls and ceilings had to be thoroughly cleaned. Lights had to be found. Shelves had to be built.
“I couldn't have done it without my family,” says Jason. “I couldn't have built the bookshelves without my father's help. I can't run a power saw.”
After hundreds of hours of work, the room was ready. Now the library needed books.
“You can tackle almost any project you want to,” Jason says. “You just let your imagination go, and then you do it. No matter what happens, do not give up.”
Jason started looking for books. He went from door to door asking friends and neighbors if they had any old books they didn't need. If it was too far for him to walk he called on the phone. Over 2,000 books were donated. The library opened.
That was when Jason almost gave up.
“I got very discouraged,” he recalls. “My hours were six to nine, and no one was coming in.”
It was winter then, and he didn't need the library to get books for himself. He could check out books from his school library. He went to school in another town five miles from Elsinore.
“I wanted to quit, but my parents wouldn't let me,” Jason says. “They said, ‘you started it; you stick with it.' So I did. I spent a lot of time alone in there.”
Jason let his imagination go again. He knew if his library was to succeed he had to get more books, good books, books people would want to read. He called and wrote to anyone he could think of that might help. A few more books came in, but not enough. He wrote to politicians, to publishers, and even to other libraries.
Then a small newspaper in a neighboring town, the Richfield Reaper, ran an article about Jason and his library. The story was printed in the Salt Lake Tribune, and it was then picked up by the Associated Press. Jason became national news. Everyone wanted to know about the youngest librarian in the country. Articles about Jason and his library were published in dozens of national magazines. When he received a call from a man asking him if he wanted to appear on Johnny Carson's “Tonight Show” he said, “Who is this really?”
Jason told his story on the “Tonight Show” and on several other television shows. He was also asked to testify before a congressional hearing on rural libraries. He told them of the need for libraries and of the problems he had getting his started. The committee members promised to help Jason in any way they could.
People from all over the country began donating books. Jason received up to a hundred books in one day for his library. With the publicity and the new books, more people are coming into Jason's library. It has become quite a popular place.
What now?
Jason is sorting and indexing his books, writing thank-you notes to donors, and making plans to improve the library. He talks about getting a computer, better shelves, improving the genealogical section, building a ramp (it's hard for older people to walk down the stairs), and even of a new building for the library.
A new building?
That's a big project for a 12-year-old, but who knows, even the Elsinore town council takes Jason seriously now when he starts talking about wanting to do something.
When Lamung Bawk Din, 26, jumped out of her husband's second-storey window, she had only one thought in her mind: "If I stay here any longer, I will go crazy."
This happened in 2008, and Bawk Din was 19 years old. As an ethnic Kachin woman from northern Shan State, one of several conflict zones in Myanmar, Bawk Din had already lived through war, conflict, and ethnic persecution at home. With only a primary school education, a sick mother and numerous younger siblings to look after, Bawk Din did what many Shan and Kachin girls do: She crossed illegally into China to find work.
That's when her life, already plagued with troubles, took a turn for the worse.
After working for three months at a sugar plantation in Jinghong on the Myanmar-China border earning $8 a day, Bawk Din was lured by an acquaintance to travel further into China for a better job. Bawk Din took the bait. She did not know she was to become a forced bride and virtual prisoner to a man she had never met.
They locked me inside the compound because they knew I was from Myanmar and they worried that I would run away. - Bawk Din, a former forced bride
According to the Kachin Women's Association of Thailand (KWAT), the vast majority of trafficking cases on the Myanmar-China border involve migrant workers who cross illegally into China due to extreme poverty or displacement from conflict.
Kachin and Shan women are especially easy targets for traffickers, said Awn Nang, anti-trafficking programme coordinator for KWAT, because many "do not speak Chinese, do not have border passports or identification, and are quick to trust others".
Such was the case with Bawk Din and five other women who journeyed for three days by train to Beijing. Once there, the women were split up - Bawk Din never saw them again. Her escort brought her to his family, where she discovered she was to wed his younger brother.
"When I told the family that I wanted to go home, they said 'no, we already paid for you,'" Bawk Din told Al Jazeera. The family had paid about $6,500 to her trafficker in Jinghong, and their plans for her included producing children.
Gender imbalance in China
The 2013 US State Department Trafficking in Persons (TIP) report stated that the demand for such brides is growing in China, where the one child policy and a cultural preference for male children has created a significant gender imbalance. According to the report, the ratio of male to female births is 118 to 100. The Chinese Academy of Social Science estimates that by the year 2020, men of marriageable age will outnumber women by 24 million.
This need for marriageable women is exacerbated by rapid development within China, said Paul Buckley of the United Nations Action for Cooperation against Trafficking in Persons.
"It's not just about the gender imbalance, but it's also related to increasing migration in China… A lot of women are leaving villages and going to work in industrial centres," Buckley told Al Jazeera. In a country with a strong cultural imperative to have children, men in rural communities are left with fewer potential partners, and families have begun to look for alternative means for marriage.
A 2008 KWAT report documenting 163 trafficking cases, found that most forced brides were married to farmers. Some women reported being shown to many men, sometimes in marketplaces, before being chosen. However, the issue is not strictly a rural one, and a few women, like Bawk Din, were taken to larger cities like Beijing.
Five days after Bawk Din arrived at the house in Beijing, she was forced to participate in a wedding ceremony. From then on, she was placed under virtual house arrest.
"They locked me inside the compound because they knew I was from Myanmar and they worried that I would run away," she said. "I never had a chance to go outside, and I only ate what they gave me."
Eventually, Bawk Din was allowed to call her mother, who was shocked to find her daughter had been abducted and married to a man in China.
"My mother was looking for me but … China is very big," said Bawk Din. "She didn't have the money to pay for the transportation to look for me."
Cultural stigmatism
With possessions, homes, land, and livelihoods seized or destroyed in conflict, few Kachin and Shan families have the resources to locate missing family members. Additionally, there is little recourse against the cultural stigmatism that follows if a trafficking victim does manage to return home.
"Survivors often face discrimination after they return to their communities," Awn Nang told Al Jazeera. "Some parents won't allow marriages to trafficking survivors, and most survivors don't get the same livelihood opportunities."
After nearly a year of being held captive, Bawk Din secreted away about $162, enough to travel to the Myanmar border. One morning, she ripped out the screen from her second-storey window and jumped over the compound fence. She fled to a train station, where police detained her because she did not have identification. Fearing she might be returned to Chang Saan if she told them she was married, she said she had come to China to work. The police wrote a recommendation for her return to Myanmar.
Bawk Din arrived home on the day after Christmas, a meaningful day for the Kachin, who are predominantly Christian. Neighbours and friends thought she had come home for the holiday, not realising she had just escaped from a forced marriage. Bawk Din did not correct them for fear of being ostracised.
Eventually, word spread that Bawk Din had been trafficked, and she decided to be open about her experiences. She was lucky enough to fall in love with a Kachin man who did not reject her for her past - but his mother did.
"When my husband and I visit my mother-in-law, she doesn't talk to me," Bawk Din said. "The only thing she talks about is how we will divorce."
For many trafficking victims, hiding the past is their only defence against ostracism. Consequently, very few trafficking cases are reported, and the Kachin Independence Organisation (KIO), the proclaimed government of Kachin State, struggles to enforce anti-trafficking policies.
"We cannot assess every trafficked person. Only when citizens contact aid organisations do we know that trafficking has occurred," said Labang Doi Pisa, chairman of the KIO-run IDP and Refugee Relief Committee.
Renewed conflict in Myanmar
Other recent factors aggravate the situation. Since June 2011, renewed conflict between the Myanmar military and the Kachin Independence Army has created more than 100,000 internally displaced persons (IDPs) in Kachin and Shan states. As homes and livelihoods are destroyed, many cross into China for refuge or work, and some never come back, said Labang.
As for Bawk Din, life is still full of challenges. She, too, has been displaced by the renewed conflict. She now lives in an IDP camp in Shan State, and without skills or capital, she earns money by collecting jungle vegetables to sell at the market. But she is happy to be with a husband of her choice.
"We fell in love," she said. "Today we are okay. But we are poor. And we survive for each day, every day."
After pop success, a starring role in the Olympics and even a Robbie Williams collaboration, Dizzee Rascal is back with ‘Raskit', a vital – and angry – album that takes him right back to his roots. With a new wave of grime artists now the rock stars of the day, Alexi Duggins meets the genre's first superstar as he returns to show them who's boss
When Dizzee Rascal signed up to perform at the 2012 Olympics opening ceremony, he didn't really understand what he was getting himself into.
Exclusive NME offer: Save £10 on Amazon Music Unlimited plans with code NME10
He knew he'd be performing ‘Bonkers' as part of a bigger production, but the sheer scale of director Danny Boyle's plans came as a bit of a surprise. “Suddenly there's all these amazing things: these f**king flying Harry Potters! All this NHS stuff,” grins the MC. “I was like, ‘Rah! These people look at me like I'm a part of British history – like I'm up there with the Industrial Revolution.' I was so proud.”
Five years later, he's less sure how he feels about it. As we sit in the sun-baked forecourt of a photo studio on a Bow industrial estate, he waves his hand over his head to indicate where he grew up (“My estate is actually down this road – Lincoln Estate”). In the time since he's lived here, it's changed beyond recognition – riddled with identikit luxury flats serving as investment opportunities for foreign speculators – and it doesn't exactly fill him with joy.
“I wonder what the Olympics was all about now. Look at all the housing they built: it's this whole new postcode, this whole new clinical little town. Round here people's houses are getting knocked down and they're getting moved on because they can't afford what's being built in their place,” he sighs. “Back in 2012, I was like, “Rah, it's the Olympics!” But now I can't decide whether I feel good or bad about it.”
We're in Dizzee's old stomping ground for his NME cover shoot ahead of new album ‘Raskit', named for a pseudonym he's had since his early days as an MC. It's his sixth album and it's a real departure from the dance-pop party tunes of his last two efforts. Sonically, it's a lot heavier – the poppiest it gets are laid-back moments of G-Funk that reflect his youthful love of 2Pac (‘Man Of The Hour', ‘She Knows What She Wants'). There are moments of bombastic trap-like distorto-beats (‘Wot U Gonna Do?'), monstrous clap-strafed basslines (‘Sick A Dis') and the kind of grandiose synth-horn belter that you'd expect to hear on a Rinse FM grime show (‘I Ain't Even Gonna Lie'). The reason? Partly a growing sense that this is what his fans wanted (“Of course I could feel that a lot of people were calling for me to make a rap or grime album – I don't live on the moon”), but partly because he'd done so much EDM that he worried it might become boring. “I didn't want to make people bounce up and down,” he says. “I feel like I've maxed out on it.”
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Experimenting with the new is a bit of a hallmark of Dizzee's. By the age of 16, Dylan Kwabena Mills had already grown out of a youthful stint as a drum'n'bass DJ and established himself as one of London's best MCs via his incendiary pirate radio appearances. He'd joined grime crew Roll Deep, formed a prolific partnership with Wiley and generated such buzz around his precocious talent that he found himself being given free rein at a south London studio (run by Nick ‘Cage' Denton – still his manager to this day). There, he went on to set up his label, Dirtee Stank, and create ‘I Luv U' – a song so unlike anything that had come before it that it created an entirely new sonic template for the genre – earning him a deal with XL before he was old enough to buy a pint of shandy legally.
So ahead of its time was the resultant album ‘Boy In Da Corner' that it's only recently that the rest of the world has caught up with it. In March, Stormzy (rightly) won plaudits for speaking openly about his struggles with depression, with it being seen as a bit of a first that he'd done so via grime. But 14 years earlier, Dizzee was overlaying his frenetic beats with poignant introspection about life on his estate, shot through with talk of despair and tears. Listen to ‘Sittin' Here' and it's hard not to wonder: is he chronicling a depressive episode?
“Is depression something I struggled with back then? I guess so. I think there are loads of undiagnosed depression where I came from,” he says. “Post-traumatic stress disorder as well. Some of the things you see as a kid are like the things you'd expect to see in a war zone, but there's no one to talk to about it because running to a psychiatrist ain't the thing.”
When ‘Boy In Da Corner' won him the 2003 Mercury Prize, it wasn't all roses, either. Fascinated by his unlikely win, the press decided to camp outside his mum's flat, refusing to leave without an interview (“I was ready to hurt them.I was like, ‘Yes I've won the Mercury award, but I still live on a council estate in Bow. You lot are making my house hot.'”). Eventually, driven by the fear of experiencing the same violent threats he'd seen UK garage stars from his area go through (“I saw them being extorted. I saw them having to sleep in the studio because they couldn't go home”), he had to move away from the area he'd grown up in – which didn't do wonders for his social life. “It was very isolating,” he admits. “It upset people too: I had friends who thought they should be able to follow me everywhere, but I realised early that having a big group of people with me all the time wasn't going to make my job easier.”
Now, ‘Raskit' finds Dizzee revisiting that sense of isolation. ‘Wot U Gonna Do' sees him worrying what would happen if his career ended (“You've gone too far, you're a star and you can't go back to the street”) while the herky-jerky digi-funk of ‘Bop N' Keep It Dippin'' features him talking about how he “relocated off the ends / I was bored, but got my peace of mind”. It's an introspective album that sees him variously announcing that if he wasn't rich he'd probably have fallen into a life of crime (‘Dummy') while criticising the decadence of the environment his career has thrown him into (‘Everything Must Go'). “I was in this restaurant in Miami with massive f**king yachts pulling up to it and all these smug p***ks in it started spraying Champagne around while waiters handed out umbrellas,” he grimaces. “I felt miserable. I looked at it, like, ‘Is this it? You've worked hard, you've made it and is this what you do now? You spray Champagne around for a laugh?'”
By now, Dizzee is standing amid a smoke canister-induced cloud while a photographer points a lens at him. Around him are razor-wire-topped walls and the thunderous roar of traffic along the northern approach to the Blackwall Tunnel. He coughs and chuckles, “They're really going for this smoke thing, innit?” while looming out of a giant orange dust storm that smells a bit like burnt eyebrows. He's wearing a T-shirt bearing the words ‘Dystopia lives', which is appropriate wear given some of the issues that ‘Raskit' tackles.
There are two separate tracks (‘Slow Your Roll', ‘Everything Must Go') that rail against the gentrification-cum-social-cleansing that now makes him question the Olympics, sampling speeches by Margaret Thatcher and Boris Johnson (“Thatcher because Right To Buy was a big catalyst for all of this and Boris Johnson because he said ‘We wouldn't move all the poor people out' – and then that's exactly what happened”). The opening track ends in a skit featuring a woman mistaking the word “Brexit” for “Brixton” (“Because I wanna make the point: who the f**k knows what Brexit is really about?”). It's his attempt to make sense of things that worry him (“I was just trying to put these things into music, because they matter – even if I can't do anything about them”), but there are still some political issues he's staying well clear of. “Grime 4 Corbyn? I just don't know what I'm supposed to feel about that – does he even listen to grime?” he ponders. “Did he say anything about grime onstage at Glastonbury? No? Well, there you go.”
At points, it's hard not to wonder whether this is the sound of an artist who's struggling to find his place in the world. The last few years have brought Dizzee fame way beyond that of most of his peers – numerous Number One singles, a platinum-selling album, the Mercury Prize and even the offer of Celebrity Big Brother (“I said no. They got Kenzie from Blazin' Squad instead”). But with the exception of recent sellout shows where he performed ‘Boy In Da Corner' in its entirety, the poppier direction he's been pursuing hasn't always seen him fêted for his grime credentials in the way his one-time MC colleagues have been. It's a theme he repeatedly refers to on ‘Raskit': the narrative that seems to have misplaced his contribution to the genre's history.
“I get people moaning like, ‘Ah, you're trying to come back to grime, now?' What are you talking about? I was making grime before anyone else… That's not something that's even really out there as a fact,” he exclaims, before becoming more sanguine. “But at the same time you've got people like Stormzy bigging me up, saying that I'm the one who influenced him. And you can hear it.”
There's one notable thing that's been missing from Dizzee's music for over a decade: beef with other MCs. For years people have spoken of a feud between one-time mic partners Wiley and Dizzee – supposedly due to an incident where a rival crew left Dizzee in an Ayia Napa hospital with knife wounds. But while Wiley has chronicled his side of events with ‘The Ayia Napa Saga', tried reaching out via tracks like ‘Letter 2 Dizzee' and frequently referred to tension between the pair on Twitter and in interviews, Dizzee has always avoided engaging, denying the existence of a beef. Even his 2008 track ‘P***yole', which some interpreted as being about Wiley (prompting Wiley to hit back with ‘Reply To Dizzee' and ‘2nd Dub 4 Dizzee'), could arguably be about a completely different person.
But there's no room for interpretation in ‘The Other Side', in which he names Wiley on record for the first time in his career. “Tell Willy I don't need a penpal / Stop writing me these letters because I don't know what to do with them / It ain't ever gonna be '03 or '02,” he raps at one point, in a song that also takes pot-shots at So Solid's Megaman (as well as including a further lyric about “the godfather” which was part-blanked out on our promo version). The mere rumour of this song's existence a couple of weeks ago prompted Wiley to bait Dizzee to meet him and play him the track, promising a response of his own (although he's since said that Dizzee having his say is “fair” given all the times he's done so himself). Why, after all this time?
“What made me write that song? Being honest with myself. What did I say, anyway? It's just me saying, ‘What do you want? This is an imaginary feud.' If I don't feel like working with someone, it doesn't mean there's no feud.” He pauses. “I've learnt that putting that stuff out on Twitter don't help a lot of the time, so sometimes you've got to put it in a song.” What about the lyric “Don't need a co-sign from the Mayor, cos I got a pretty penny”: surely a deliberately provocative reference to when Wiley and others were photographed with Sadiq Khan at the NME Awards? “It's whatever – I didn't say anything about NME and I didn't say anything about Wiley,” he says, trying to fight the smile that plays around the corners of his mouth. Even if that's true, surely he realises that this is guaranteed to provoke a reaction – it already has, after all? “Look, Wiley always mentions me. The reason he kicked off about this track is because he was scared about what I was going to say, because I do actually know some stuff. I'd be glad to expose that guy, but that's not my job.”
The shoot done, Dizzee's actual job is finished for the day. One final question before I leave: with all the uncertainty about his place in the world, is this album a bit of an identity crisis? “I don't know. Is trying to work out where you are an identity crisis?” He pauses. “Maybe I'm in a different position to most people, because I constantly have people telling me who they think I am – usually referring back to my 18-year-old self. Even today: how many times did you ask me about that? Imagine what that's like.” I stand up to make my exit. “I'm cool, though. I get on with it, I did a photo shoot today. Mainly I just can't wait for the album to come out.” You and most of the country, pal. You and most of the country.
Sam Dastyari under fire for continuing to accept parliamentary income despite resigning
Updated
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has levelled fresh criticism at Sam Dastyari for continuing to pocket his parliamentary income despite announcing his resignation.
Key points: Senator Sam Dastyari has not confirmed when he will stop collecting his parliamentary pay
The government is demanding he officially resign immediately
Labor says he still has outstanding work to complete
Senator Dastyari revealed on Tuesday that he was quitting the Upper House over his links with China, but the New South Wales powerbroker has not provided any clarity about his official departure date.
The wording of his statement yesterday was unclear, only confirming he would "not return to the Senate in 2018".
The basic wage for senators is $199,040 a year, handing him at least $30,000 if he does not make his resignation official until the New South Wales Parliament resumes in February and endorses his replacement.
Mr Turnbull has called on the outgoing senator to make his resignation official now, and relinquish any claim to further Commonwealth funds.
"Sam Dastyari should get out of the Senate right now," he said.
"He hasn't resigned yet.
"He's still taking money from the taxpayers of the country that he put second."
Labor defends Dastyari's delay
But Opposition Leader Bill Shorten said Senator Dastyari should be given time to deal with electorate issues and organise his office and his staff.
"What I expect Senator Dastyari will do is that sooner rather than later he will wrap up his matters," he said.
"But let's be clear, there is electorate work, you can't just leave punters in the lurch."
Mr Shorten highlighted a number of cases where Liberal senators left a lag between announcing their exit and officially leaving.
Former Coalition Senator Brett Mason stayed on for 23 days, Michael Ronaldson for 73 days and Chris Back for 46 days.
Mr Shorten said it was also "sensible" to allow Senator Dastyari to give his staff appropriate notice.
Mr Turnbull called on the Opposition Leader to intervene and force Senator Dastyari to exit straight away.
"Sam Dastyari has behaved shockingly but it is Bill Shorten who wants to be prime minister," he said.
"He wants to have my job. If you want to be prime minister you've got to show that you always put Australia first.
"Shorten has not done that."
In delivering his resignation statement yesterday, Senator Dastyari said he had decided to stand down to "spare the party any further distraction", but he also defended his actions as a senator.
"Reflecting on the events which led to my decision, I leave knowing that I have always honoured my parliamentary oath, I have always acted with integrity, and I remain a loyal, patriotic Australian," he said.
China position undoes Dastyari
For more than a year the Government has been calling for Senator Dastyari to quit his Senate post over his dealings with Chinese businessman and political donor Huang Xiangmo.
The senator originally stepped down from the Labor frontbench when it emerged he had allowed the donor to pay a legal bill on his behalf.
Critics strengthened their attacks last month when Fairfax reported Senator Dastyari warned Mr Huang that his phone was probably being tapped by US agencies.
Explosive leaked audio has also shown the senator went against Labor policy and defended China's stance on the South China Sea at a media event standing side by side with Mr Huang.
Further clouding his reputation was another Fairfax report that Senator Dastyari tried to convince deputy Labor leader Tanya Plibersek not to meet a Chinese political activist.
On Wednesday, Ms Plibersek said her colleague had made mistakes.
"I think Sam Dastyari has paid a very high price for some poor judgement," she said.
"I really think that hounding a guy who's already said he's leaving is a bit rich."
Topics: government-and-politics, parliament, federal-parliament, international-aid-and-trade, international-law, australia
First posted
Iain Banks is a bestselling writer of fiction and science-fiction. His books include The Wasp Factory, The Crow Road and Complicity, which is currently being made into a $10m film with Jonny Lee Miller. His book Inversions come out in paperback on Orbit in June.
What was your introduction to computers?
The Wang [word processing] system used by my employers. After that it was a gigantic L-shaped one-and-a-half-desks-size Hewlett-Packard with three eight-inch floppy drives and a weird sliding half-depth monitor with buttons mounted along the screen's bottom edge. A friend of mine worked for the City branch of Credit Lyonnais; they were throwing this out so we salvaged it, he wrote a simple word processing program for it and I used it to write a couple of books until the screen gave out. Then I bought an Amstrad PCW512.
Do you use a PC or an Apple Mac?
Power Mac 4400/200 at the moment.
Are computers important for your work? for the world in general?
Absolutely vital for me: I hated doing second drafts on a typewriter. Computers and word processor programs made my life a lot easier. For the world? This is a rhetorical question, isn't it?
What do you use the machine for?
Writing books and letters. Plus I have a rather under-used music processing program called MDTU Freestyle, linked up via Midi to a mixer and various sound and FX modules, including my Fender Stratocaster, which I very bravely took an electric drill to in order to fit the Midi pick-up. Oh, and sometimes I dip into Claris's drawing facility to design fantasy houses.
Any particular favourite software?
Civilization 2 (until I realised I was spending all the time I should have been reading books playing Civ, and threw it in the bin); and Sim City 2000, until I ditched that too.
Anything you'd like but can't have yet?
A combination of the Oxford English Dictionary and Roget's Thesaurus immediately accessible from Claris. This may well exist, but I'm not organised enough to know.
Any favourite websites?
Having discovered, thanks to Civ 2, how addicted I can become, I have cunningly stayed off the net. This is due to change when my parents move in next door; we'll keep the net-linked machine over there.
On a desert island, a human or a computer for company?
As usual, depends on the human. The computer would have Civ 2 on it, wouldn't it?
What do you see in the future for computers?
Ubiquity. And consciousness.
Are you worried about the Y2K bug?
Us smug Mac owners aren't personally worried - though we are as much at the mercy of infrastructure chaos as anybody else. So, a little.
Professionally, what's taking up your time?
A couple of publicity tours: one for the paperback of Inversions in June, and one in August for the new mainstream novel, The Business.
Iain Banks fanzine
Albuquerque Police bike units could become thing of the past Copyright by KRQE - All rights reserved Video
ALBUQUERQUE (KRQE) - At a time when the Albuquerque Police Department is trying to do more with fewer officers, while still building better ties with the community, the bicycle unit might be on the chopping block.
"You've got to take your resources and put them where they're most needed," said Ofc. Tanner Tixier, spokesperson for the department.
Tixier says the bicycle unit is important for getting ahead of problems, rather than simply reacting to them. But APD might get rid of them all together -- instead, putting those officers in patrol cars to go from call to call. The department is down more than 200 officers from a couple years ago, and the time it takes field officers to get to calls at an all-time high.
KRQE News 13 obtained an email recently sent from an APD commander to his staff, which said all bike units will be disbanded -- indicating the decision has already been made. Tixier says nothing has been finalized.
"We are still looking at all possibilities in order to get the most efficiency out of our manpower that we have," he said.
Bike officers have benefits that officers in patrol cars don't have. They can go places cars can't go, and hear and see things others might not.
Former bicycle officer Tom Grover, now an attorney, says one of the biggest advantages of bike units is that they can really get to know the neighborhoods they serve.
"By disbanding the bike units, you're forfeiting all those positive opportunities, especially in those high-density areas like downtown," he said.
Grover says there are better ways to address the manpower problem than disbanding units that are already out in the field.
"This department has over-specialized itself to death ... whether it's pawn shop, whether it's the night detectives," he said. "All that's well and good when you have a fully-staffed department."
"But when you have a department like this, and you start removing units like bicycle patrol units at the expense of keep these specialized units, it makes absolutely no sense."
APD says it's trying to recruit more officers by offering bonuses, and working to keep retiring officers on the job. The department also started working with Albuquerque Public Schools to get students interested in police work.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Two homemade grenades exploded outside the Mexican Consulate in New York City early on Friday in an incident Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said was similar to an attack on the British Consulate in 2005.
Emergency personnel stand near evidence markers in front of the Mexican Consulate in New York, October 26, 2007. Police were investigating the explosion of two makeshift explosive devices outside the Mexican Consulate in New York on Friday, police said. REUTERS/Jeff Zelevansky
The grenades exploded about 3:50 a.m. (0750 GMT) on Friday, breaking three windows, Kelly said. There were people inside the midtown Manhattan building at the time but they did not hear the explosion and there were no injuries, he said.
In May 2005, two home-made grenades exploded outside an office building, whose tenants include the British Consulate and an executive linked to a company that has attracted protests for selling Israel bulldozers used to raze Palestinian homes.
“These events are remarkably similar,” Kelly told reporters. He said the devices used in both events were similar, the incidents happened about the same time of day and that in both cases a man on was seen riding away on a bicycle.
“We're not aware of any reason as to why this would happen at the Mexican Consulate,” he said.
Police cordoned off the area outside the building and the bomb squad scoured the scene for evidence.
When asked if it could be linked to Saturday's first anniversary of the death of independent U.S. journalist Brad Will in Mexico, Kelly said, “That's something that we're looking at. It's all part of the investigation.”
Will was killed when gunmen opened fire in Mexico's colonial city of Oaxaca near roadblocks set up by leftists pushing to topple a state governor.
Initial reports of the 2005 incident drew a connection between the blast and the British Consulate. But police later said they were investigating another possible target — a board member of Caterpillar Inc. — who works in the building. The company sells bulldozers used by Israel to raze Palestinian homes.
No arrests have been made in the 2005 case.
In the wake of Earth's largest meteor strike in more than a century, the world's attention has turned skyward.
The 17-meter bolide exploded in the air over the Chelyabinsk region of Russia on Feb. 15, shattering windows and injuring around 1,000 people. But had the meteor come in at a slightly different angle, the space rock could have impacted the ground and the fallout could have been much worse.
More money is already flowing toward future asteroid detection and mitigation strategies, but we may never be able to fully protect ourselves.
There are plenty of programs already in place for monitoring relatively large near-Earth objects, and more will be coming online soon, both from government space agencies and the private sector. However, even the best efforts will not be able to catch objects the size of the Chelyabinsk meteor – rocks that are small enough to evade detection by current technology until they are streaking through Earth's atmosphere, but large enough to be dangerous.
The technology to actually stop any killer asteroids that we do manage to detect is also far in the future. Many techniques have been proposed, including using nuclear missiles, laser beams, or even spray paint, but none are proven or anywhere near becoming reality. A lot more research and development as well as an unprecedented international effort will be needed before we can even begin to be protected.
But we're working on it.
Certain scientists and members of the spaceflight community have long and vocally advocated for better methods to track potentially dangerous objects and more funding for mitigation research. But the odds have always been small and attention to this potential natural disaster has mostly been on the back burner. The probability remains the same – Chelyabinsk-like events tend to occur between once every 10 years to once every century – yet now people's attention has been refocused.
Simply looking for potentially hazardous asteroids is one of the most important parts of this effort, said physicist and former astronaut Ed Lu, who helped found the B612 Foundation, a private non-profit dedicated to spotting dangerous objects from space.
Asteroid orbits can be easily estimated once they're spotted, potentially giving years or even decades of advanced warning to civilization. Astronomers already know of more than 400,000 asteroids, of which 6,500 pass near the Earth, but there are many gaps and uncharted objects that could still pose a danger.
“How stupid if we got hit because we weren't looking?” said Lu. “That seems crazy to me.”
In 1992, a congressional study named the Spaceguard Survey Report recommended that NASA find 90 percent of all near-Earth asteroids more than 1 kilometer in size within 10 years, a goal mandated by Congress six years later. In 2005, the target was redefined to spotting 90 percent of objects 140 meters or larger. Perennially underfunded, the project last year received less than half of the money it needed to complete its task. But since the Chelyabinsk event, members of Congress from both parties have written statements and op-eds rallying greater support for these efforts.
Unfortunately, U.S. legislators are preoccupied with other issues for the time being. Budgetary squabbles may lead the country to gut a significant portion of national spending as part of the sequester, including NASA funding.
While no new money is likely to be coming to asteroid-spotting activities, the Russian strike may cause “a shift in priorities to looking at this more than we have at the past,” said space policy expert Henry Hertzfeld of George Washington University.
Many ground-based telescopes are already actively watching the heavens, most coordinated through NASA's Spaceguard program. These include the Catalina Sky Survey, the U.K. Spaceguard Centre, and the Japanese Spaceguard Association. A similar undertaking from the European Space Agency, the Space Situational Awareness program, works with amateur astronomers to monitor dangers from above, including near-Earth asteroids.
A new endeavor coming online in 2015 named the Asteroid Terrestrial-impact Last Alert System Project (ATLAS) will provide an early warning system that could provide one week's notice for city-destroying 45-meter asteroids and three week's notice for potentially devastating 140-meter objects.
But the next and most important frontier is watching from space. By sheer coincidence, a Canadian Space Agency project that started in 2008 is scheduled to launch on Feb. 25. Named the Near-Earth Object Surveillance Satellite (NEOSSat), this suitcase-sized spacecraft will circle the planet every 100 minutes, scanning space for asteroids that may someday pass near the Earth.
Being in space means that NEOSSat will solve one of the main problems with current asteroid-watching techniques: You can't do them during the day. A telescope aimed at the sky when the sun is up will see nothing other than bright sunlight. This is the reason the Chelyabinsk meteor went unnoticed – it came in from the dayside of our planet. The NEOSSat project will begin operation shortly after launch and look for some of the most dangerous objects larger than half a kilometer.
Even more robust space-based telescopes are now being readied by the private sector. Planetary Resources, Inc., a company that aims to mine asteroids, intends to launch a small telescope named the Arkyd-100 that will sit in low-Earth orbit and scan for nearby space rocks. Though its primary goal will be to find valuable asteroids, the spacecraft will be able to watch for possibly dangerous objects coming from the sunlit side of Earth. Arkyd-100 is expected to launch in 18 to 20 months.
A more targeted effort comes from the B612 Foundation, which plans to launch the Sentinel telescope in late 2016. This spacecraft would sit inside the orbit of Venus and constantly be on the lookout for killer asteroids, whichever direction they come from. Sentinel will spot nearly all asteroids 150 meters or larger and identify a significant portion of those down to 30 meters in diameter.
With a price tag of several hundreds of millions, the project is comparable to a large municipal undertaking like a new highway overpass. But it is still much more than anything accomplished by a private non-profit in space and so there has been some doubt whether or not B612 could wrangle enough people into backing their idea. Since Chelyabinsk, their telescope is on surer footing.
“There's been a crush of people contacting us,” said Lu. “Suddenly it's on everyone's mind.”
Online donations have increased tenfold, he added. While most of these are fairly small, generally around $100, many richer potential donors who were sitting on the fence have now fully signed on to the company's plans. Entrepreneur Peter Diamandis, co-founder of Planetary Resources, reported a similar effect with investors who were previously hesitant but are now more willing to back in their venture.
Should one of these telescope projects one day spot a doomsday asteroid, there are already many proposals for how to deflect the object. The method most favored by the B612 Foundation is fairly simple – place a modest-size spaceship near the asteroid and have its gravitational pull slowly alter the object's course, averting catastrophe. The technique is relatively low cost and would certainly work but would require several years or possibly decades of advanced notice.
For a large rock that's headed right for us fairly quickly, B612 recommends smashing a giant projectile into the asteroid. This kinetic impactor would provide a strong kick to shuffle an asteroid off its current trajectory. Later, a gravity tractor could be used to make any more precise changes necessary.
It is still unknown exactly what the worldwide reaction will be to a known dangerous asteroid. Actual physical research into asteroid mitigation techniques has been pretty much nonexistent.
Most likely, asteroid mitigation efforts will be an international undertaking. Any particular city or country has only a small chance of being hit, though the countries with some of the largest land area, the U.S. and Russia, are also those with the most advanced space programs. It would be in everyone's best interest to ward off the attack, perhaps providing something akin to a common enemy, suggested Hertzfeld.
In the vein of the girls who kicked the hornet's nest, played with fire and used a bow and arrow to battle post-apocalyptic forces, here comes another female protagonist in a terror/crime/espionage drama, unafraid of violence and poised for sequels.
“Hunted” is equal parts “Bourne Identity” and those tough-girl thrillers, in a premium cable original.
The contemporary thriller “Hunter” will be unspooled in eight parts, beginning Friday on Cinemax.
Aussie actor Melissa George (“In Treatment”) portrays Sam Hunter, a fearless and highly valued agent in a top-secret private security firm called Byzantium. They do secret deeds for secret clients in secret, often outside of the law. Sam's immediate mission is to figure out who tried to kill her on her last mission, and why. (She suspects it may have been a member of her own team.)
Sam is British, unlike the protagonist in Stieg Larsson's Swedish thrillers, and she's in the here and now, unlike Katniss in the futuristic “Hunger Games.” Like them, though, she's a tough cookie, trained to rely on nobody but herself.
As for Byzantium's allegiance, who's to say and who's to judge? The moral complexities of international for-profit spy companies are examined along the way, between action sequences.
At a time when faceless multinational corporations are suspected of wielding unchecked and stealthy power — and corporations are considered people, too — “Hunted” plays on real social anxieties.
It's easy to get hooked on the drama's fast-paced, international intrigue and tony visuals (shot in London, Scotland and Morocco). It's almost enough to keep you from contemplating some of the more outrageous turns. At times, it strains credulity that a highly trained spy like Sam would put herself in jeopardy as she does repeatedly and sometimes needlessly. Apparently, she'll do anything but let her emotions get tangled up in a case.
This series from Frank Spotnitz (a producer of “The X-Files”) is just the second original series to bow on Cinemax in some 15 years, after last year's “Strike Back.” Turns out, “Hunted” is a good argument for continued original production. Spotnitz is already working on a season 2, assuming it's renewed. In a way, he's still mining an “X-Files” theme: Trust no one.
The supporting cast is strong, including distinguished small-screen performers Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (Mr. Eko on “Lost”), Stephen Dillane (“Game of Thrones”), Indira Varma (“Luther”) and Patrick Malahide (“Game of Thrones”).
Cinemax is launching the series with a big push via social media, the better to reach the youthful demographic who may enjoy the series but who may not have pricey cable subscriptions. (Check out byzantiumsecurity.com for a look at the campaign, aiming for the “elite” audience.)
Is Sam Hunter the hunter or the hunted? The situation is variable, but George is always watchable as she portrays the agent as a complicated mix of sweetly maternal and fierce.
Joanne Ostrow: 303-954-1830, jostrow@denverpost.com or twitter.com/ostrowdp
Labour leader should support ministers who stuck by him, says Tribune Group chair as he urges critics to show support
Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet deserve to retain their positions, an influential backbencher has said, as he urged MPs who have previously been critical of the Labour leader to back the party's top team.
Clive Efford, the chair of the Tribune Group, which numbered more than 75 MPs before the election, praised the shadow cabinet for sticking by the Labour leader throughout the general election campaign, after which the party outperformed expectations.
There had been mounting speculation that the Labour leader, buoyed by 30 Labour gains and Theresa May's struggles to form a government, could strengthen his team with experienced former ministers. Several Labour MPs, including Yvette Cooper, Angela Eagle and Chuka Umunna, have said they would serve in the shadow cabinet despite past criticism of Corbyn's leadership.
Efford told the Guardian: “Jeremy has got a shadow cabinet that remained loyal and allowed him to perform extremely well during the general election. He can't sack those people. They deserve to be rewarded for what they have done. We need to get behind those people and give them all the support [we] can.”
On Tuesday morning the shadow cabinet is due to hold its first meeting since the election last Thursday. Some shadow ministers, including the shadow home secretary, Diane Abbott, were criticised for their performances during the campaign.
Tribune relaunched in April with a new mission statement that was seen as a programme to win back traditional supporters while appealing to the centre ground. Those who signed up to the document included Cooper and the failed challenger to Corbyn in last year's leadership contest, Owen Smith.
Efford said backbench MPs who once questioned whether Corbyn, the MP for Islington North, could gain support among traditional voters had been won over by his performance. “We questioned whether voters would be prepared to get behind Jeremy at a general election. The opinion polls suggested we were right about that. But it has to be said that Jeremy is a brilliant campaigner and did extraordinarily well. People have had a good look at him and found that they can get behind him. They see him as a credible leader.”
Efford said he would support any moves by Corbyn to reach out to new members if roles in his team became free. “I would like to see some new faces,” he added.
On Sunday, Corbyn said he was prepared to make overtures to MPs who had been critical of his leadership, hinting that he could broaden his shadow cabinet. But the shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, appeared more resistant to changing personnel and inviting Corbyn's former parliamentary critics back into the fold.
Shadow cabinet members are expected to demand clarification on Tuesday over Labour's Brexit policy, particularly about whether the party would negotiate to remain in the single market. Apparently conflicting statements on membership have come from the shadow Brexit secretary, Sir Keir Starmer, and Corbyn.
Starmer told BBC Radio 4's The World at One on Monday he would like to see a “different tone and approach” to talks with the EU, including not pre-emptively ruling out continued single market membership. “What David Davis said this morning is that it's not that the government doesn't want membership of the single market, it's that they've been told that you can't have that with freedom of movement. It seems to me that would be a good place to start discussions, start negotiations, rather than simply taking it off the table.”
Asked on Sunday whether he was clear that Brexit would mean an end to single market membership, Corbyn told BBC1's Andrew Marr Show: “Absolutely.”
A senior Labour source said there was confusion over their position. “Given that the government is in a mess and there is a real possibility of another general election, there will be even more scrutiny of our policies, particularly over Brexit. We need to get a negotiating position sorted, and fast.”
Labour MPs continue to fret over Brexit because some, particularly in seats where Ukip did well in 2015, had told voters that the party would leave the single market. Others, particularly in metropolitan areas, had said they would continue to fight to remain.
Barry Gardiner, the shadow trade secretary, told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: “What we've said is that we need those benefits, and whether they're achieved through reformed membership of the single market and the customs union, or through a new, bespoke trading arrangement, is actually secondary to achieving the benefits.
“It's an open question as to what we can get. What we criticised [Theresa May] for doing is taking membership of the single market off the table right from the beginning.”
Et tu, Justice Sonia Sotomayor? Really, we can't trust you on women's health and human rights? The lady from the Bronx just dropped the ball on American women and girls as surely as she did the sparkling ball at midnight on New Year's Eve in Times Square. Or maybe she's just a good Catholic girl.
The Supreme Court is now best understood as the Extreme Court. One big reason why is that six out of nine Justices are Catholic. Let's be forthright about that. (The other three are Jewish.) Sotomayor, appointed by President Obama, is a Catholic who put her religion ahead of her jurisprudence. What a surprise, but that is no small thing.
In a stay order applying to an appeal by a Colorado nunnery, the Little Sisters of the Poor, Justice Sotomayor undermined the new Affordable Care Act's sensible policy on contraception. She blocked the most simple of rules – lenient rules – that required the Little Sisters to affirm their religious beliefs against making contraception available to its members. They objected to filling out a one-page form. What could be easier than nuns claiming they don't believe in contraception?
[See a collection of political cartoons on the Catholic contraception controversy.]
Sotomayor's blow brings us to confront an uncomfortable reality. More than WASPS, Methodists, Jews, Quakers or Baptists, Catholics often try to impose their beliefs on you, me, public discourse and institutions. Especially if "you" are female. This is not true of all Catholics – just look at House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi. But right now, the climate is so cold when it comes to defending our settled legal ground that Sotomayor's stay is tantamount to selling out the sisterhood. And sisterhood is not as powerful as it used to be, ladies.
Catholics in high places of power have the most trouble, I've noticed, practicing the separation of church and state. The pugnacious Catholic Justice, Antonin Scalia, is the most aggressive offender on the Court, but not the only one. Of course, we can't know for sure what Sotomayor was thinking, but it seems she has joined the ranks of the five Republican Catholic men on the John Roberts Court in showing a clear religious bias when it comes to women's rights and liberties. We can no longer be silent about this. Thomas Jefferson, the principal champion of the separation between state and church, was thinking particularly of pernicious Rome in his writings. He deeply distrusted the narrowness of Vatican hegemony.
The seemingly innocent Little Sisters likely were not acting alone in their trouble-making. Their big brothers, the meddlesome American Roman Catholic Archbishops are bound to be involved. They seek and wield tremendous power and influence in the political sphere. Big city mayors know their penchant for control all too well. Their principal target for years on end has been squelching women and girls – even when they should have focused on their own men and boys.
[Check out 2013: The Year in Cartoons.]
In one stroke with ominous implications, there's no such thing as Catholic justice or mercy for women on the Supreme Court, not even from a woman. The rock of Rome refuses to budge on women's reproductive rights and the Supreme Court is getting good and ready to strike down Roe v. Wade, which became the law of the land 40 years ago. President Clinton had it exactly right in his formulation: abortion should be safe, legal and rare.
Meanwhile, the forces arrayed against women's right to self-determination have been busy taking their campaign to the statehouses. In roughly half of them, women's human rights have been eroded. On the airwaves, the anti-woman conspiracy goes on, with Rush Limbaugh leading the pack of thousands of men. He uses the Obamacare contraception mandate to say, just about every workaday, that young women are just using the government to get sex, or some such thing. He wins the prize for virulently infecting the public dis-coarse.
With friends like Sonia, we don't need opponents like Rush.
Author of ' Lost Heritage: The Sikh Legacy in Pakistan' spoke at the GS Pulapol Speaker Series in Kuala Lumpur in September 2016
15 Sept 2016 | Asia Samachar | | Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia |
Pulapol Speaker Series: Day 2 1 of 4
If you have free access to visit Pakistan, where would you go?
Amardeep Singh, the Singapore-based author of Lost Heritage: The Sikh Legacy in Pakistan, has been posing that same question to his audience at his various talk sessions to introduce the newly published coffee-table book.
“In the 50 sessions I've given, the answer is no different. We only think of Nankana Sahib, Panja Shaib and Kartarpur. It pains me because as a community we have become numbed to our heritage,” he tells his latest audience.
Amardeep was the final speaker at the two-day GS Pulapol Speaker Series in Kuala Lumpur on 11 Sept 2016.
“Today, at least, the access is being allowed, but we are restricting ourselves just to the religious circuit.”
SEE ALSO: Amardeep journeys deep into Pakistan in search of Sikh legacy
SEE ALSO: Sikhs must go beyond borders, Mejindarpal tells Pulapol Speaker Series
This is Amardeep's second visit to Malaysia to talk about the hard-bound 492-page book that captures text and photography his journey to 36 towns in Pakistan in 2014. See here.
He repeated one of his favourite statitics. Some 80% of Maharaja Ranjit Singh's vast empire lies in today's Pakistan.
At this latest talk, one person in the audience answered Kyber Pass, a mountain pass connecting Afghanistan and Pakistan. It was Commissioner Amar Singh, the Kuala Lumpur Chief Police Officer. He is also the president of the Gurdwara Management Committee (GMC) of the Gurdwara Sahib Pulapol, the main organiser of the event. His motivation: biking.
SEE ALSO: Amardeep's burning passion sparks second book on Sikh legacy in Pakistan
Talking about his book, Amardeep said: “Legacy is not gurdwaras. This is not a book about gurdwaras. This is a book about the Sikh legacy. Legacy is bigger than religion. I don't live inside a gurdwara 24 hours, I have many other facets around me.
“Legacies includes art, architecture, forts, battle grounds, havelis, artifacts, gurdwaras, interfaith, emotive stories.”
Six months after the book's publication, Amardeep has given some 50 talk sessions in countries like Singapore, Malaysia, India and the United States.
But there is something that has eluded him.
“My failure is this: Six months later, I'm still waiting to see which organisation will come forward and say let's maintain this heritage.”
When met at the sidelines of the forum, Amardeep told Asia Samachar that many individuals have expressed interest in helping out the preservation of the heritage sites in Pakistan, but it would require concerted efforts under to ensure the efforts are sustainable.
“We have many kar seva activities going on, where there are slapping marbles on gurdwaras. That is hardly the need of the day here. I hope an organisation would come forward to take up the challenge,” he said.
In an earlier session, Sukhdev Singh of the famed Dasmesh Jatha and co-founder of the Sri Dasmesh Pipe Band, delivered a presentation on maya.
[ASIA SAMACHAR is an online newspaper for Sikhs in Southeast Asia and surrounding countries. We have a Facebook page, do give it a LIKE! Visit our website: www.asiasamachar.com]
RELATED STORIES:
Sikhs must go beyond borders, Mejindarpal tells Pulapol Speaker Series (Asia Samachar, 10 Sept 2016)
Pulapol Speaker Series: Connecting Sikhs to Guru through prayer, spirituality (Asia Samachar, 10 Sept 2016)
Fresno City Council approves Sikh genocide resolution (Asia Samachar, 3 Sept 2016)
1984: Institutionalizing evil (Asia Samachar, 6 June 2016)
Kultar's Mime – Why am I helping to organise this performance? (Asia Samachar, 8 May 2016)
Amar Singh makes history for Sikhs in Malaysian police force (Asia Samachar, 19 Feb 2016)
Lessons for today from 1984: Interview with Hari Singh (Asia Samachar, 13 Nov 2015)
Sikhs should fund efforts to preserve heritage sites in Pakistan (Asia Samachar, 23 Jan 2015)
Amardeep journeys deep into Pakistan in search of Sikh legacy (Asia Samachar, 21 Sept 2015)
Roles and functions of a gurdwara (Asia Samachar, 11 Dec 2015)
[The fastest way to reach Asia Samachar is by sending us a Facebook message. For obituary announcements, click here]
Dec 15, 2013; Tampa, FL, USA; Tampa Bay Buccaneers head coach Greg Schiano against the San Francisco 49ers during the first half at Raymond James Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Kim Klement-USA TODAY Sports
Which Tampa Bay Buccaneers Are Battling for their 2014 Jobs In the Final Two Games of the Season?
Which Tampa Bay Buccaneers Are Battling for their 2014 Jobs In the Final Two Games of the Season? by Leo Howell
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers Should Not Keep Greg Schiano for “Continuity” Reasons by Leo Howell
His fate certainly has yet to be decided, but all signs seem to point to Greg Schiano getting another year in charge of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers despite his awful track record as an NFL head coach.
So assuming that he'll be back, let's take a look ahead to next year's scheduled opponents, according to the Buccaneers' official website, and see what sort of challenges the team will face.
Home games:
Green Bay
Minnesota
Baltimore
Cincinnati
Atlanta
Carolina
New Orleans
Arizona or St. Louis
Road games:
Chicago
Detroit
Pittsburgh
Cleveland
Atlanta
Carolina
New Orleans
Washington or New York (Giants)
A lot will change between now and the start of next season, but there are certainly plenty of tough games on this schedule. Road tilts at the Bears, Steelers, Browns and Redskins or Giants pose the risk of a snow game, while home games against Green Bay and Cincinnati seem like a huge task considering the talent on both teams.
So how many games do you think the Buccaneers win in 2014 with Greg Schiano at head coach? And does your opinion change if Schiano isn't in charge?
Leave your answer in the poll below, and sound off in the comments to let us know what you think of the Bucs' prospects for 2014.
How many games will the Buccaneers win in 2014 if Greg Schiano is head coach? 0-4
5-8
9-12
13-16 View Results
The scrum crumbled again under immense pressure and it looms as the weakest part of the Wallabies' game before the World Cup. Mauled: The Australian pack were smashed by their English rivals. Credit:AFP Cheika revealed he had spoken to IRB referees bosses last week to ensure the officials did not have a preconceived idea about the Wallabies' set piece. And the coach believes the Wallabies may have to start fighting illegal tactics with their own scrum hijinks, declaring: "Maybe we're just too honest". "We need to change some things, technique and strategy," Cheika said.
"Perhaps a bit more wheeling [the scrum around] or something because that seems to be accepted. Maybe we are just a little bit too honest in the scrum … there are some personnel we are going to look at as well." England scored both of their tries off the back of strong scrum work, with No. 8 Ben Morgan benefiting on both occasions. At times the Wallabies forwards matched England. But too often the power fell away and England used the set-piece as a destructive weapon. The scrum is the Wallabies' Achilles' heel and there's no quick fix on the horizon. They conceded a penalty try against Wales in the first Test of the tour and were inconsistent in all games. The scrum disaster in London prompted England's World Cup winning coach Sir Clive Woodward to write off Australia's chance of a revival.
"To know that the England team dismantled the Australian forward pack at set-piece time, I don't think Australia can fix that in time for the World Cup. It was unbelievable, it's a huge statement for England." Cheika went through the "correct channels" to contact IRB referees last week. Cheika also intends to add new personnel to the front-row stocks and potentially hold sessions with props from around Australia during the Super Rugby season. "I tried to liaise with the IRB referees boss, I probably didn't get the answers I was looking for," Cheika said. "This is not a straight pushing issue, there are two packs of 800-odd kilograms, we can't be that badly prepared physically that we're getting out-pushed.
"There's certainly a stigma about our scrum. They [the IRB] have said there isn't. We're the only ones who can change it because if we keep doing the same thing we'll get the same result. "I've got some ideas … We got five penalties against us and in two of those we were in bad positions. But the others it was being spun … we should just do the wrong thing as well. "The outcome has been consistently inconsistent in recent years. It's never been a strength, but we have to turn it into one because if we do it can hurt a lot of people." The Wallabies had the same starting front row - James Slipper, Saia Faingaa and Sekope Kepu - in their four Tests. Stephen Moore and Tatafu Polota-Nau will step back into the hooker duties while Brumbies prop Scott Sio could get a call up. Inside centre Matt Toomua said the back line had to take some responsibility for the set-piece pressure after dropping too much ball and putting the scrum in bad positions.
Eddie Huang wants ABC's Fresh Off the Boat to make history.
The comedy, based on Huang's memoir of the same name, details young Eddie (played by Hudson Yang) moving with his family from Brooklyn to Hollywood. It's the first Asian-American series on the broadcast networks in 20 years (since Margaret Cho's All American Girl). And to hear the outspoken Huang tell it, ABC and producers 20th Century Fox Television get it "85 percent" right.
Here, Huang — fresh off making waves for criticizing Fresh Off the Boat producers in a first-person essay — talks with The Hollywood Reporter about the process of bringing his life story to the screen and broadening out the comedy for a larger appeal as well as what his family thinks of their alter egos (played by Randall Park and Constance Wu).
See more Broadcast TV's Returning Shows 2015-16
Fresh Off the Boat is the first Asian-American broadcast show in 20 years. Why do you think it took so long for this to happen?
I don't know. Were people trying? (Laughs.) I can't answer the question because I'm new to L.A. and have been living in my weird New York bubble for a while. I just write about myself. I don't usually have a choice whether to write about being Asian or not — it is what I am, so I don't know why it took so long. I don't know if my story is special or if it's the right time.
You've been adamant about the struggles the show has had and ABC trying to go broader than your book. How would you say the show makes Asian-American families relatable in that broader sense for primetime viewers?
I think a lot of time there are jokes and things that me and my family weren't even aware about that were put into the story. There's this NASCAR block party and that episode is very much about how strange NASCAR is and gauging back onto family culture and things like NASCAR. We never cared about NASCAR, never paid attention to it, so that I couldn't relate to. There are a lot of things I couldn't relate to because they were broader jokes that the writers in the room felt were funny and felt that people would relate to. I think the best parts of the show are the one's that come from the book itself, like the lunchroom scene with my dad hiring a white host and white manager for the restaurant and going to the white grocery store. These are the things that I genuinely experienced, and I feel like those jokes are so idiosyncratic and specific to my family that it hits really hard. You don't have to make things up. I had a really colorful life and the book is very specific about it.
TV Review ABC's 'Fresh Off the Boat'
Why do you think it's important that the show had to add some of these elements to the story?
I don't think it had to. The book was the best seller, and it's almost patronizing to dominant culture — white people in western Michigan — when you patronize them. Most people want to see something different. How many people vacation in Asia, Thailand, Vietnam, Hong Kong? People love vacationing in Asia and people want to learn more about it. I don't think you need to broaden it to make it appealing. What makes it appealing is when it is specific. The logic of broadening [the show] and telling universal stories through conversation — it doesn't make much sense to me.
How did you juggle that balance with producers? Did you have any say in terms of what was added or how it was written?
They still haven't sent me anything past the third episode, but I think that they feel like I'm the new kid and they know what's best. I'm the producer and I have really forced my way into it, and, inevitably, they have to have me say my voiceover lines, so the time I get to see the script is when I am doing voiceover. Even then I get limited pages of the script, but in those moments, I can fight with what's on the page or I can applaud them. Sometimes I have a real problem with it. But overall, I mean exactly what I say in the Vulture piece: How I feel about the producers doesn't matter to me. What matters is this conversation about specific stories and new voices being heard. I play video games with a lot of the kids — I love Street Fighter and Mortal Combat — and the best part about playing the game and getting to the end is that you unlock a new character you can play with. That's how I feel about network television. I just want another character to be unlocked and I want people in America to be able to connect more and more with real characters and real stories — not things that are made up in a writer's head.
See more Faces of Fall 2014
Is there anything from your book that was off limits? Any aspects of your life you didn't want the show to tackle?
No, I wanted it to tackle more; I think they should dive into domestic violence. We talk about family shows and family night on ABC. One of the biggest issues this country faces now as we saw with Ray Rice and Adrian Peterson is domestic violence, and I lived it. They tried to take my brother away and my parents away from my family because of domestic violence, and it's something I really struggled with as a kid. It's formed a part of my psyche. I don't know what I can separate from myself that is not a reaction related to domestic violence. As a kid, when you are beat at home, it affects you, and that is a really big part of my experience, and it's something I talk a lot about when I visit colleges and meet kids, because a lot of us go through it and it goes unreported. It's not about throwing parents in jail and legislating, it's about understanding the relationship between parent and child in the 21st century. This is a big idea, and I feel like if we are going to talk about Asian families, it's something we should discuss and think about how we can address.
Was this something you pushed producers to include?
They didn't include it this season, but hopefully they will find a way. I think there's going to be a big social impact on the show, and it's not because the show is perfect; I think it's at 85 percent — I give it a B — but I think the conversation people have is going to take this to another level and allow us to make a better show for season two.
Do you have any desire to see it pushed deeper into Asian-American culture than it does in season one and maybe include more of the stories from your book?
Absolutely. A lot of it depends on Hudson growing as an actor. Randall's character gets flattened out in the beginning of the season, but he starts to become more rounded out later on in the season with better moments in the show. The more Randall gets to show his chops, the better it's going to be. Season one is very mechanical; it's a very sitcomy show. I didn't come out to L.A. to make a sitcom. I see this all as art. I came here because I wanted to do it; it's a challenge. I meet with the guys everyday, we talk about the show and it's a bunch of film nerds hanging out. It's a different experience to come to 20th and ABC, and a lot of it is based on demographics, numbers, tests and Nielsen boxes and these people turning dials. It's very unnatural to me. In my life so far when I'm honest and tell the truth and put out something I believe in, people have responded to it. I still maintain faith in that. I think people are smarter than we give them credit for, and we should stop talking down to them.
Read more Producer Rant Hijacks 'Fresh Off the Boat' Press Conference
Going into the show, how concerned were you that Fresh Off the Boat would be whitewashed?
Yes, I was worried about it and I still am worried about it and I still speak up all the time. I'm literally calling them all the time and asking Melvin Mar for rough cuts for episodes four, five and six.
Have your parents seen the pilot? What do they think?
My dad's not the biggest fan. He loves Randall as a person and he knows what Randall can do, but he feels like he's living as kind of schlub. My mom just wanted to make sure that whoever played her was really cute, so she likes Constance. They love each other. My family is really behind the individuals in the show. They love Randall and Constance. My brothers love the show but hate the accents.
What kind of tips did you give Hudson? How do you feel he represents you?
I love Hudson and told him not to worry about being me. When we saw his audition, he was irreverent and he couldn't be bothered. it was almost like he didn't care to be there and I loved it. I tell him all the time, in many ways you will never be like me, but in a lot of ways you capture the essence of what I am. You're in a weird situation [playing someone] moving from Brooklyn to Hollywood, and your dad puts a lot of pressure on you; he's a writer and he's based his entire career on Asian-American rights. There's a lot on that 12-year-old's shoulders and I tell him to have fun. I believe in him and think he's doing a really good job. I tell him to have fun, be yourself, be a kid — and stop going to premieres, stop hanging out with all the actor kids. Be a kid, pick your boogers!
In the pilot, you address the word "chink" right off the bat. Why was that important to include in the first episode?
That's one of my favorite things that [showunner] Nahnatchka Khan did. She read the book and highlighted that package and was like, "This is the story we're going to go with for the pilot." It's the one decision I never fought. I fully agree with it. This is powerful; we make a statement. It's a historic show, and if we are going to market it as historic, let's do something historic. I think it's great that we deal with that word because I have never seen it dealt with in the media. … Let's understand why that word matters. In real life, a black kid said it to me, and when it happened, I fought the kid. I felt bad because I understood the frustration: "You're black, I'm Chinese and we are in a private Christian school — we are at the bottom of American's totem pole, and we are left here to fight over the last spot in the microwave."
Fresh Off the Boat airs on Tuesdays at 8 p.m. on ABC, beginning Feb. 10. The two-episode premiere is Wednesday, Feb. 4, at 8:30 p.m. and 9:30 p.m.
Email: Lesley.Goldberg@THR.com
Twitter: @Snoodit
With the aid of experts and clips, ABC threaded Mr. Jenner's story with information about the transgender world, marking signs of acceptance (a Time Magazine cover and the award-winning Amazon series “Transparent”) and also the vestigial stigmas that lead some people to depression, isolation and even suicide. ABC provided profiles of Christine Jorgensen and the tennis player Renee Richards.
“I'm not stuck in anybody's body, it's just who I am as a human being,” Mr. Jenner said. “My brain is much more female than it is male.” And while he showed Ms. Sawyer a black cocktail dress he would wear to a private dinner the two had planned, he didn't allow himself to be filmed in women's clothes — and that was the right call. Mr. Jenner explained that his femininity isn't located in his sexuality or appearance, but in his soul. There was no need to give paparazzi a tabloid shot of his new physique.
He rather sweetly said that for now, his aspirations for his newfound freedom are modest. He said he wanted to “be able to have my nail polish on long enough that it actually chips off.”
This was a coming-out about gender identity and also of television genre. Mr. Jenner tried to disentangle himself from his reality show skin, shedding the slightly goofy, Father Knows The Least persona he plays on E! to reveal a more forceful and assertive version of himself. He became exercised – and even sarcastic — when Ms. Sawyer told him that his Kardashian years (she only referred to the series as “that reality show”) made people wonder whether this too was a publicity stunt. “Yeah, right,” he drawled.
Instead, he reframed his reality show career as the price he paid to create a platform for his new calling. “Yeah, I know,” he said, referring to what Ms. Sawyer described as “a shameless selling of everything.” He said this was different. “But what I am doing is going to do some good and we're going to change the world. I really firmly believe that,” he said shaking his finger at Ms. Sawyer. He added, “And if the whole Kardashian show and reality television gave me that foothold into that world, to be able to go out there and really do something good, I'm all for it. I got no problem with that. Understand?”
A new Field poll released Tuesday shows that while Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton still enjoys a sizable lead among likely voters in California, her lead is slipping significantly, falling seven points since July.
“While Clinton continues to hold a sizable seventeen-point statewide advantage (50% to 33%) over Trump in this year's presidential election, that margin is down from twenty-four points in July, prior to the Democratic and Republican national conventions,” the poll reports.
The key, the poll reports, is a drop in Clinton's favorability. “More Californians now view her unfavorably (53%) than favorably (47%), a reversal from July. In addition, a very large proportion of the state's electorate (41%) now reports having a ‘very unfavorable' opinion of Clinton,” the Field poll reports. It notes that while Trump's favorability has increased somewhat from July, the Republican presidential nominee is still seen unfavorably by nearly 7-in-10 likely voters in California.
The poll also notes that Trump is narrowly winning California's interior regions, while Clinton leads coastal counties by a nearly two-to-one margin. Trump also leads among voters over 65, among evangelicals, and among voters with “no more than a high school education.” Clinton leads among voters under 40, non-evangelicals, and college graduates. In addition, “Clinton holds a three-to-one advantage among the state's Latino voters, is favored six-to-one among African Americans and has a greater than two-to-one lead among Asian Americans,” though her lead is only six points among non-Hispanic white voters.
The Field poll also showed 58% of California's registered voters approve of President Barack Obama, while 42% disapprove.
The poll was conducted online among 1,800 registered voters and 1,426 likely voters. No margin of error was reported.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can't Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
WARNING: NSFW, Mulanna. Please skip this chapter if you can't handle Mulanna content.
NOTE: Hey, look at that; made it home from Pride, safe and sound! And with plenty of time to spare for posting more SEEK! Hooray!
~ Chapter Twenty-Five ~
"Oh… MY god."
The party was one of the most ridiculous things Anna had ever seen. So many representatives of the eighteen-to-twenty-five demographic, with a few thirty-pluses sprinkled in for good measure. They were probably the ones who had provided a lot of the things that Anna didn't want to know about, being sold out of a fishing tackle box. That was off-limits for the wayward Canadian; bad enough she was drinking against her parents' wishes.
Mulan was nowhere to be seen, but that was to be expected in a sprawling beach-mansion packed to the gills with bodies. Most of them were dancing, but some were simply lounging around on furniture. Some bodies were lounging on other bodies, or doing more than lounging. People were jumping in and out of the pool like it was a trampoline.
"Okay," Anna breathed to herself, wiping her palms on her shorts as she approached a drink table. "What can I pick that's not going to murder me?"
"Try those," said a boy with a casual smirk. He didn't look nearly as well-dressed as everyone else there, but his dark features and shaggy hair gave him a rakish quality that went well with his pecs and abs. Anna wished Kristoff was there; he'd probably have exploded with glee.
"Try what?" Then she followed his index finger, which turned out to be pointing at the cans of beer in ice. "Oh… OH! You're right, those are probably safer."
"Definitely safer." Smiling warmer now, he reached out a hand to her. "I'm Al."
"I'm gay," she answered automatically. When his eyebrow went up, she froze in mid-handshake. "I… um…"
Shaking his head, he leaned back against the wall as she picked up the beer and held it up in front of her face. "That's, uh, not how people usually introduce themselves, but… good to know."
"Sorry, but I just, I had this feeling you were about to hit on me, and in my head I was thinking, 'If he knew I was gay I could head that off before it gets worse,' but I didn't mean to actually blurt it out, and now you-"
"Think you're really cool," he finished, heading off whatever she had been about to tell him instead. "Seriously, we're good. So… gay, huh? How's that working out for you?"
"What?!"
"Well, I don't have anything else to talk about with you so far other than 'how's the beer', and you haven't tried the beer yet."
Grinning, she popped the top open, gestured to the can like a girl on a game show, and then took a sip. "Yep… tastes like beer."
"Oh, it's you."
Anna turned to find herself nose-to-nose with Meg. This time, there was no Tiana in tow - or she was elsewhere in the party, which was a very high possibility. "Hey! How are you?"
"Better since I haven't seen your famous friend at this party." Glancing over at the boy, she said, "Is this your boyfriend?"
"Doubtful," Al muttered under his breath.
"No, no, just a new friend, I guess. What's… I mean, it's cool we're both here. Right?"
"Yeah… 'cool.' Are you claiming all these drinks for yourself?" When Anna moved aside, she picked up a wine cooler instead, then glanced up and down Anna again. "So, what's your thing?"
"My thing?"
"You know… what do you do, why are you here, who are you in this big, wide world?"
"Nobody. I mean, you called it at the club; I'm nothing special. Just Anna."
"Then that's how it's going to stay." When Anna looked away again, she went on, "Unless you figure out how to be a little less 'shrinking violet' and a little more 'check out my website at', you'll always be nobody. You have to grab life by the balls sometimes, or it can be a living hell."
Halfway through that, Anna realised that Meg wasn't just trashing her for being uninteresting; she was trying to give her advice. Maybe it wasn't advice that she necessarily needed, since she did have a plan in mind for her future. Still, it was better than just being yelled at.
"Yeah. Yeah, I'll remember that."
"So," Al said, leaning in slightly. "You interested in either one of us?"
"Either one of-" Meg blinked, looking between them. "Wait, you think I'm… well, I guess I've been called worse things." Then she fixed him with a level gaze. "I am interested in neither of you - especially not 'Just Anna', thank you very much."
"What, I don't look cute in this cami?" At that, Meg couldn't help but crack a slight smile. "I mean, not that I'm any good at this kinda thing, but I think Al was fishing to find out if you're gay so he could fix us up."
"Ah, okay, that makes more sense." She had just taken a sip of the cooler when she froze in place for a moment, then slowly lowered it as she stared at Anna."Ohhhh. Okay, wow, my mistake — I mean, I hope you didn't take what I said as like, you not being attractive for real. Just not my type."
Smiling a little easier now, Anna leaned back against the table and asked, "What type is that?" When Meg nodded at a well-muscled man with curly hair, dancing close to the hot tub, Anna said, "Ah, I gotcha. He's cute, go talk to him."
"I'm already interested in someone back in Greece. Although… what happens on Ibiza…" Flashing them a suggestive smile, she flounced away from the table and toward the aforementioned dancing boy.
~ o ~
Anna took that to heart. She chatted with Al for a few minutes before forging her way back into the rest of the party. She wasn't sure where Mulan was, but she wanted to find her, to progress their evening instead of just loitering around with a bunch of people she didn't know.
Finally, much to her relief, Mulan flagged her down from across the living room. Even at that party, she was wearing a vest and a short-sleeved button-up with khaki shorts and boat shoes; almost as "dapper" as one could get at a seaside party like that. The sound system in there was too loud for them to hear each other, so they retreated to a hallway.
"Sorry!" Mulan half-shouted with a huge grin. "God, I went out back, out front, out everywhere — and I texted you but you didn't answer!"
"You did?!" Pulling her phone out of her pocket that just barely held it, she glanced at the screen. "Shit, you did; I didn't even hear it! I'm sorry!"
"Don't worry about it, I tracked you down. Want a drink?"
"Sure, if you can get me one without weird chemicals or rat poison."
"Rat poison?!"
Smiling a private smile, Anna said, "Nevermind. Let's go see if there's any non-spiked punch."
The two of them danced for a while, Anna doing her best not to look awkward while Mulan looked completely comfortable in her skin, a match for anyone else there. She might not have been doing any fantastic, showy moves — not like the girl literally dancing IN the punch bowl, thankfully having started after they both had a glass — but she was holding her own, quite easily. Now that Anna had a little libation inside her, she was growing more accustomed to the moves.
And then, when the DJ took a break and put on a SEEK song, Anna rolled her eyes. "I can't dance to this!" she told her partner. "Too weird!"
"What? Oh, because you were with Elsa the other day?" As they wandered the rest of the house, she asked, "How'd that all come about, anyway?"
"It's a long story…"
By the time Anna had finished what was becoming a very familiar tale to tell, they were sitting in what turned out to be a weight room, on one of the benches. Perhaps it was the alcohol going to her head, but she honestly couldn't remember when Mulan had scooted so close, or when she had begun resting her hand on Mulan's thigh. Everything just seemed to happen so naturally.
"And now Esmé's there, too?!" Sighing, she leaned back to gaze up at the dark ceiling. "Man… I wish I wasn't flying out tomorrow morning, it'd be awesome to meet those two."
"You're really going that soon, huh?" Both of her hands slid onto Mulan's leg; it was a calculated risk. Not that a lot of calculating was going on in her inebriated brain, but in the moment, she was proud of herself. "That's too bad."
And it worked. Mulan leaned closer, blinking shyly even as she advanced. "Terrible. Almost like… I'd love to have a perfect memory. Something to remember the end of this trip by."
"Maybe we can arrange that." No more waiting. Her face closed the last shred of distance.
Mulan's lips were soft and smooth, and felt incredible against her own. This was happening — her first kiss! Well, her first honest-to-goodness romantic one, and not cheek-kisses with Elsa or ones from her mom when she was little. Thinking about her mom was a bad plan; she shifted back to the present, a thrill shooting through her stomach from how this beautiful woman who somehow found her desirable could make her feel.
More came, a blur around her as she felt the bench up against her whole back, Mulan's body pressing down on top of her. A tongue found her own; where did that come from? But she couldn't stop herself from wanting more, running her fingers over the short fuzzy hair on either side of Mulan's scalp, the long hairs attached to the center. All of it was sensation, all of it mesmerising to her as she lay there, being kissed like never before.
"You're so good," Mulan panted between contacts, hands sliding up and down Anna's side. "So fucking hot."
For whatever reason, perhaps the way Mulan was grunting or that she was so heavy atop her, she whispered, "You're so butch… I'm really…"
"Butch, huh?" Mulan chuckled, sliding a hand up the side of Anna's cami - under it. The fingertips weren't at her breast, not yet, but they were coming closer. "Does that make you my bitch?"
"Wh-wha-" But her words were cut off by another kiss, deeper, harder. Another hand was on her thigh, and she felt tingles spreading from the contact.
"Yeah," Mulan breathed shakily, pulling back to gaze down into her eyes as the hand found her breast at last. Anna gasped, writhing under the touch, loving and hating it at the same time. "My little bitch. Don't worry; Mulan's going to take good care of you. I swear it."
The hand on her thigh was higher now, prying up the pantleg, heading in and further in as her tit was being pulled this way and that. Feelings were happening in both areas, but another was happening in the middle of her stomach that didn't have anything to do with where Mulan was touching her. At least, not directly.
"You want more?" Mulan asked heatedly, flicking a fingertip over Anna's nipple and causing her head to fall to one side, eyes sliding shut. "I got that. You can have anything you want right now. Anything."
Her stomach seemed to unfurl, to open up around the presence that had been growing there, the unwelcome feeling. It became more powerful when she felt a fingertip just touching her underwear; she knew what it was.
"I want…"
Fear.
"I want you to s-stop."
Mulan blinked down at her, hands no longer moving. "You want… wait, what?"
"P-please, I need to stop," she is half-whispered, head still turned away from the girl atop her who had just nearly driven her to an anxiety attack.
"Uh…" Mulan sat back, hands raising away from Anna and sliding out of her clothing. "You got it. What's…"
Shaking her head, Anna stumbled for the door so fast she lost a flip-flop. Stopping to put it back on seemed to mean she had to say something, so she tried, "I'll be fine. Just… need… out of here."
"Wait, but we didn't- I don't get it. What happened just now?"
"Nothing. Nothing happened; nothing's ever going to happen. I'm… sorry." And then Anna managed to wrench the doorknob open and flee… like the little coward she felt she was.
~ To Be Continued ~
The Mk1 Nose of our Blenheim has a particularly interesting history. It began life as a Bristol Blenheim Mk1 built under license by AVRO and issued to 23 Squadrons on 2nd September 1939, serial number L6739. It served as a night fighter throughout the Battle of Britain before being struck off charge in December 1940 after which it went back to Bristol's and was left in their scrapyard. After the war an innovative electrician by the name of Ralph Nelson, who was working at Bristol's, was given permission to buy the nose which he then went on to convert into an electric car. After mounting it to the chassis of an Austin 7 he fitted an electric motor of his own design and registered it as a 'Nelson' with the index JAD347. Ralph drove the car for 10 years before it suffered a fire which damaged the systems beyond repair, however, he had heard of the ongoing 2nd Blenheim restoration at Duxford and donated the car to the project in 1992.
Thankfully Ralph had kept most of the original systems such as the control column, rudder pedals, trim system and fittings including the seat and frame, so after hours of reverse engineering and a huge amount of fabrication work we where able to turn the much loved car back into the Blenheim nose you see today. If you have a chance to see it up close in the future look for the tax disc in one of the front windows, we decided to leave it in as a lasting legacy of Ralph and his car for which this project wouldn't have been possible without.
Association of Scientists stands behind Dr Mike Joy
New Zealand Association of Scientists stands behind Dr Mike Joy.
The New Zealand Association of Scientists (NZAS) is saddened by some of the recent media commentary on the actions of Dr Mike Joy, Massey University, in commenting in overseas media on the truth of the 100% Pure New Zealand brand.
The New Zealand Herald editorial today [1] calls criticism of Dr Joy “well-warranted”. In the light of recent labelling of Dr Joy as a “traitor” [2], it seems that this statement could have been more carefully considered. The editorial states unambigiously that there is currently no great damage being done to New Zealand's enviroment. This is manifestly incorrect, as NZAS President, Shaun Hendy points out: “On a per-capita basis we have one of the highest levels of greenhouse gas emissions in the world and data from NIWA's National Rivers Water Quality Network shows that our water quality is declining, with the health of a large proportion of our lakes in danger from agricultural run-off”.
Of serious concern is the emphasis in the editorial on the ill-timed nature of Dr Joy's remarks. The clear statement is that the potential damage to New Zealand's reputation, and economic benefit of “big-spending American tourists” outweighs the need for truth in public debate. This is an issue that the Association takes very seriously, and emphatically refutes criticism of Dr Joy on this basis.
[1] http://www.nzherald.co.nz/opinion/news/article.cfm?c_id=466&objectid=1084987 1 [2] http://www.stuff.co.nz/environment/7993009/Scientist-defends-statements
ENDS
© Scoop Media
We always get excited when we can use the words “Trey Gowdy” and some version of him dropping the mic – even a hammer – on someone (see Ouch. Trey Gowdy Berates FBI Dir. Comey for Handling of Clinton Email Scandal… and Awesome: Trey Gowdy Obliterates Second Amendment Restrictions For No Fly List). So since the Hillary Clinton e-mail scandal is kinda of his thing…
According to Clinton, the emails she deleted were all of a personal nature, most of which pertained to yoga and her daughter's wedding. Gowdy, though, isn't so sure and wants to know if the presidential hopeful considered emails about the Clinton Foundation personal.
Sorry, but anytime someone brings up Hillary Clinton and yoga, I need a trigger warning. Otherwise you'll need a splash guard.
“She and her lawyers had those emails deleted. And they didn't just push the delete button; they had them deleted where even God can't read them,” the lawmaker said during an appearance on Fox News' “America's Newsroom” Thursday. “They were using something called BleachBit. You don't use BleachBit for yoga emails or bridemaids emails. When you're using BleachBit, it is something you really do not want the world to see.”
Like Hillary in a downward facing dog. Or cobra. Even warrior two. No one needs to see that, Trey. No one. Especially with the tight yoga pants. Oh. Gawd.
Gowdy argued that Clinton's previous statements — and her untrue assertion that she never sent or received any classified information — should assist voters in determining the truthfulness of her claim that Clinton Foundation donors never received special treatment.
For those not familiar with “BleachBit,” as we weren't, it's software claiming it can “prevent recovery” of files. If you use this program, it's because you want something gone, never to return.
Kinda like Vince Foster. ALLEGEDLY.
So while yes, Hillary wearing spandex, or talking about wearing spandex, is bad, it's not quite worthy of BleachBit. Also, if you're employed by the State Department, you're employed by the tax payers. Us. Which means even if Madam Spandex Pantsuit was embarrassed by her struggle with the crow position, she shouldn't have deleted it. She works for us. No deleting emails.
All yoga jokes aside, can we all admit the truth? Hillary lied. She knows it. We know it. Methinks her supporters know it. She's hiding emails. She did something wrong. Probably multiple things wrong. She used BleachBit to delete said wrongness.
Does it matter?
Won't her voters still pull the lever in November? Yes, I believe we should call attention to the wonton criminality of Panstuit Savasana. But maybe we should be more worried over how little her voters care about how corrupt she clearly is. Hillary is a problem, yes. But perhaps she's also a symptom.
And speaking of reasons not to vote for Hillary…
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
Quote from: ResMar on September 30, 2013, 10:11:32 pm So is there any specific editing that you want me to do? I can balance the document better, but it's not always easy to avoid awkward disconnects like the role weight issue or the role-profession-view juncture fault.
Fun fact: this was originally supposed to be a demonstratatory LaTeX project for myself (I was/am I learning the language), and got a little out of hand .
can you elaborate more on the awkward disconnects you mention? also, what did you mean in the document where you talk about the preferences and thoughts not reporting correct numbers? is there a bug, and/or something reproducible i can test? same applies to why you think grouping by total skill levels and total assigned labors is incorrect?
It goes a long way towards reducing the horizontal sprawl of the default labor view, making the program significantly more usable, especially on smaller screens.
It increases utility and speeds up application by allowing you to manipulate a set of labors in groupwise order, instead of having to resort to right-click "turn off all <labor grouping> labors", and having to repeat that operation multiple times.
It adds what I feel is that one last missing piece of interactivity to custom grid views.
I need to reread what I wrote, but I can give you the first one off bat:Simple: role weights are artificially done. Not really your fault, though, there just hasn't been enough !!SCIENCE!! done on this topic. I think your solution is elegant, but it took me a good bit of 'xplaining from thistle to understand, and I nonetheless have to explain why role numbers are so fuzzy in the document. Doing so requires getting a bit involved in the mathematics and some lamentation on the state of labor !!SCIENCE!! today, which could be seen as objectionable in a manual, but I think is necessary.Right now custom roles have only been implemented into the program insofar as viewing them as columns, or using them in the labor optimizer. A much more immediately useful application that I was initially shocked that the program lacked would be to link these roles to custom professions. Custom professions, meanwhile, would be much more useful if they could be made into individual "labor groupings", so that you could toggle them on or off at will within the view without having to resort to right-clicking. Allow me to explain in detail.: A useful capacity for the program to have would be the ability to link several labors under a single profession (which can be done), and then have the ability to add a row of boxes for that "superlabor" to your grid view. For instance, hauling. Hauling is almost always all-on or all-off, so instead of having the horizontal sprawl of an entire row of hauling sublabors, you can have just one, neat "Hauling" column. This has three benefits:: So I now have a superlabor toggling option linked to my profession. However, because custom professions are defined ad hoc, there are no role ratios and so that entire chunk of the program's utility is missing. One solution would be to simply add up the role weights of the job normally associated with the labor, ignoring any overlap; in fact I think this would be a good "default" solution. It would be even more useful if you could link my own, custom-written role to that profession and therefore to that column of boxes.: I think Dwarf Therapist should ship with some predefined sort scripts already embedded in the program. These are actually not intuitive to write, but extremely useful and easy to use. Also, I think you should include my heavily edited "Labor+" view as an option the default install, but this is up to you: I'm not going to plug my own work if it's not necessarily wanted.
Four Sarawakian crew members, who were kidnapped by Abu Sayyaf after their tugboat was seized in April, have been released by their captors.
KUALA LUMPUR: Four Malaysian crew members who were kidnapped by the militant Abu Sayyaf group off Sabah in April have been released by their captors.
The four men from Sarawak returned to Sabah early on Wednesday (Jun 8), a Philippine military official said.
Advertisement
The militants had demanded a ransom of RM30 million (S$10 million) for the release of the men – brothers Wong Teck Kang and Wong Teck Chii, their cousin, Johnny Lau Jung Hien and Wong Hung Sing.
Tommy Lau, the brother of hostage Johnny Lau, told Channel NewsAsia the police had informed family members that the hostages have been released.
The official added that the Philippine military had yet to confirm whether ransom money was paid in exchange for the safe release of the victims. The Philippines rarely publicises such payments, but it is widely believed no captives are released without them.
Canadian John Ridsdel, 68, a former mining executive, was executed in April by Abu Sayyaf who captured him and three others in 2015 while they were on vacation on a Philippine island.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Philippine Major Filemon Tan told reporters the Malaysians were released on Jolo, Abu Sayyaf's stronghold in the southern Philippines. The sailors were then sent by speedboat to Sabah.
"We have yet to confirm whether ransom money was paid in exchange for the safe release of the victims," Tan said, adding that the kidnapping was led by Abu Sayyaf leader Madjan Sahidjuan, also known as Apuh Mike.
Malaysian authorities have yet to confirm the sailors' release.
Abu Sayyaf, a group linked to the Islamic State, have become notorious for kidnapping, earning millions of dollars in ransom.
Last month, 14 Indonesians kidnapped by the group were released but several people, including Norwegian, Canadian and Japanese citizens are still being held.
Security is precarious in the southern Philippines, despite a 2014 peace pact between the government and the largest Muslim rebel group that ended 45 years of conflict.
The men were abducted on Apr 1 when they were returning on their tugboat to Sarawak from the Philippines by eight gunmen in a speedboat.
Background Each of us have as many as 30 trillion bacteria living in and on our bodies. These bacteria, most of which live in our digestive systems, are part of a system called the human microbiome. Most of these bacteria are harmless or even beneficial. However, some have been implicated in diseases such as Type 1 diabetes, Crohn's disease, and ulcerative colitis. Recent technological advances are enabling scientists to explore the human microbiome in detail for the first time. As scientists gain a better understanding of the role of human microbiome in the development of disease, they will be able to find and create better diagnoses and treatments.
Problem To better understand the roles played by the various bacteria in the human microbiome, scientists need to study the proteins produced by these bacteria, which are encoded in their genomes. The first step is to determine the physical structures (shapes) of the protein molecules coded by each bacterium's genes. This is important because the physical structure of a protein determines its function. Once the protein functions are determined, scientists can explore how the bacterial proteins react with each other, and determine which proteins play a role in any number of diseases. From these insights, scientists would be able to develop drugs to control those particular proteins and help treat diseases that originate in or are influenced by the human microbiome. The scale of this research is enormous: the microbiome is comprised of about 3 million unique bacterial genes. By comparison, the human body has about 20,000 genes. To study the proteins corresponding to each of these genes would be a monumental task that is nearly impossible in a laboratory setting. Most of these proteins have therefore not been explored. While using traditional laboratory techniques is infeasible for the scale of the problem, computational methods can also be used to predict the protein structures. However, doing this at scale requires significantly more computational power than is typically available to scientists. World Community Grid addresses this need by harnessing computing power donated by volunteers from all over the world.
Keeping aside diplomatic niceties, Iran has reacted in the strictest possible manner against Sunni militants' activities along its southeastern province of Sistan-Baluchestan, bordering Pakistan.
Jaish al Adl (the Army of Justice), a Sunni militant group based in Pakistan, killed at least ten Iranian border guards last month. The guards were shot with long-range guns, fired from inside Pakistan.
Jaish al Adl has previously claimed responsibility for attacks that killed Iranian troops in 2013 and 2015. The anti-Iran and anti-Shiite militant group is fighting against what it says is discrimination against Sunni Muslims in Pakistan's southwestern Baluchistan province. Sunni militant groups consider Shiites as apostates.
Iran has reacted angrily against Sunni militants' activities along its southeastern province of Sistan-Baluchestan
'Unacceptable'
On Monday, May 8, Iran's army chief said Pakistan must confront Sunni militants or his country would hit their bases itself.
"We cannot accept the continuation of this situation," Major General Mohammad Baqeri, the head of the Iranian armed forces, was quoted as saying by state news agency IRNA.
"We expect the Pakistani officials to control the borders, arrest the terrorists and shut down their bases," Baqeri added.
"If the terrorist attacks continue, we will hit their safe havens and cells, wherever they are," he said.
Last week, Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif visited Islamabad and asked Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to improve border security. Islamabad promised to deploy additional troops along the Pakistani-Iranian frontier.
Pakistan's regional isolation
Iranian-Pakistani relations have been tense for quite some time, but lately there has been a sharp rise in hostility between the two neighboring countries. Experts say that Islamabad's alleged support to Sunni militant groups, most of which operate freely inside Pakistan, is one of the reasons behind the deteriorating ties.
Last week, Iran's FM Javad Zarif visited Islamabad and asked PM Sharif to improve the border security
Shia-majority Iran is not the only country in the region that is unhappy with Islamabad's handling of Sunni militants; Afghanistan and India have long accused Pakistan's leadership of backing terrorist organizations which, they claim, are used by the nation's military establishment to create unrest on their soil and gain geopolitical leverage.
There have been severe clashes between Afghan and Pakistani troops along the Afghan-Pakistani border, and the situation is not very different on the so-called Line of Control, the Indian-Pakistani border along the volatile Kashmir region .
But, for Iran, the main concern regarding Pakistan is Islamabad's renewed defense alliance with its arch-rival Saudi Arabia.
Despite the parliament's decision last year against becoming a party to the intensifying Saudi-Iranian conflict in the Middle East, particularly in Yemen, Islamabad last month approved the appointment of Raheel Sharif, the country's former army chief, as head of the 39-member Saudi-led military coalition. Riyadh says the Muslim nations' alliance was formed to fight terrorism in the region, but experts point out that it is primarily an anti-Iran grouping. Naturally, Tehran is not part of the coalition.
Sattar Khan, DW's correspondent, reports from Islamabad that Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government has undertaken a diplomatic initiative to allay Tehran's concerns following Raheel Sharif's controversial appointment. But the efforts are unlikely to yield results, says Khan.
"Saudi Arabia and Iran do not trust each other. Also, Riyadh does not want Islamabad to be neutral in the conflict; it wants its full support. In this scenario, how can Pakistan's diplomatic drive be successful?" Aman Memon, a former professor at the Allama Iqbal Open University in Islamabad, told DW.
Pakistan's Sunni religious parties strongly support Saudi Arabia's Yemen campaign
Dependence on Saudi Arabia
In 2015, Riyadh formally requested Pakistan to provide combat planes, warships and soldiers to support the Arab coalition in fighting Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen. But the South Asian country's lawmakers voted to remain neutral in the conflict, albeit PM Sharif later clarified in a televised speech that in the case of an aggression against Saudi Arabia, Pakistan would take Riyadh's side.
Saudi Arabia, which is one of Pakistan's biggest financers, was unhappy with Islamabad's reluctance to join the coalition against Yemen's Shiite rebels. The Arab kingdom has been involved in a two-year-long campaign of airstrikes against Houthi rebels, who have taken over swathes of territory in Saudi Arabia's southern neighborhood, raising concerns in Riyadh about a potential Shiite uprising in the kingdom. Saudi Arabia also fears that Iran is working to increase its influence in the region.
Experts say that Pakistan's economic dependence on the Arabian country is also a reason behind its support for Riyadh and Raheel Sharif's appointment. They claim that Pakistan already has troops in Saudi Arabia in an assisting role. But with Sharif taking charge of the alliance, the troops could be directly involved in the battle.
The Arab countries' coalition also has the backing of the United States. In the past few years, Islamabad has drifted away considerably from Washington but analysts say that both countries still have many common strategic interests in the region. Also, the Pakistani military heavily depends on US financial assistance.
Pakistan's military and civilian leadership expressed solidarity with Saudi Arabia in the wake of Riyadh's Yemen attacks
"Recently, a US official visited Saudi Arabia and expressed his country's support to the Saudi alliance. He also lampooned Iran. So the objectives of this grouping are pretty clear," Sabir Karbalai, an Islamabad-based analyst, told DW.
The expert, however, added that Islamabad should have remained neutral in the Saudi-Iranian power struggle.
Deteriorating ties
Islamabad's over-enthusiasm to appease Riyadh could further exacerbate its relations with Tehran.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani visited Pakistan in March last year in an attempt to convince Pakistani authorities to remain neutral in the Middle Eastern conflicts. Iran is aware of the concerns and limitations of its ties with Pakistan, but analysts say it still wants to maintain "normal" relations with Islamabad.
Farhan Hanif Siddiqui, an International Relations expert at the Quaid-i-Azam University, believes that Pakistan needs to assure Iran that the Saudi alliance is not against any country.
"It is vital for Pakistan to convince Iran that the Saudi-led alliance is only against al Qaeda and the so-called "Islamic State." If Tehran continues to believe that the Saudi coalition is targeting the regimes in Iraq and Syria, Pakistan's diplomatic efforts will be in vain," Siddiqui told DW.
How Kashmiris are paying the price for Indian-Pakistani politics Massive military operation The Indian military has launched a fresh offensive against armed rebels in Kashmir, surrounding at least 20 villages in Shopian district. New Delhi accuses Islamabad of backing the militants, who cross over the Pakistani-Indian "Line of Control" and launch attacks on India's paramilitary forces.
How Kashmiris are paying the price for Indian-Pakistani politics Soldiers 'killed and mutilated' India said Wednesday it would retaliate to the killings of its troops by Pakistani military. Islamabad denies allegations that its border forces killed and mutilated the bodies of Indian soldiers on Monday. "The government demands that Pakistan take immediate action against its soldiers and commanders responsible for this heinous act," said Foreign Secretary Subrahmanyam Jaishankar.
How Kashmiris are paying the price for Indian-Pakistani politics A bitter conflict Since 1989, Muslim insurgents have been fighting Indian forces in the Indian-administered part of Kashmir - a region of 12 million people, about 70 percent of whom are Muslim. India and Pakistan have fought two of their three wars since independence in 1947 over Kashmir, which they both claim in full but rule in part.
How Kashmiris are paying the price for Indian-Pakistani politics The new wave of violence The security situation in the Indian part of Kashmir has been volatile since the killing of Burhan Wani, a young separatist leader, in July last year. Protests against Indian rule and clashes between separatists and soldiers have claimed hundreds of lives since then.
How Kashmiris are paying the price for Indian-Pakistani politics The Uri attack In September, Islamist militants killed at least 17 Indian soldiers and wounded 30 in India-administered Kashmir. The Indian army said the rebels had infiltrated the Indian part of Kashmir from Pakistan, with initial investigations suggesting that the militants belonged to Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammad group, which has been active in Kashmir for over a decade.
How Kashmiris are paying the price for Indian-Pakistani politics No military solution Some Indian civil society members believe New Delhi cannot exonerate itself from responsibility by accusing Islamabad of creating unrest in the valley. A number of rights organizations demand that Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government reduce the number of troops in Kashmir and let the people decide their fate.
How Kashmiris are paying the price for Indian-Pakistani politics Rights violations Indian authorities banned a number of social media websites in Kashmir after video clips showing troops committing grave human rights violations went viral on the Internet. One such video that showed a Kashmiri protester tied to an Indian army jeep - apparently as a human shield - generated outrage on social media.
How Kashmiris are paying the price for Indian-Pakistani politics Turkey's mediation offer Ahead of his official visit to New Delhi, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan advocated a "multilateral" solution to the Kashmir dispute. During an interview, Erdoğan expressed his concern at the continuing stand-off between India and Pakistan on the Kashmir region. India dismissed his remarks and said the Kashmir dispute could only be resolved bilaterally between New Delhi and Islamabad.
How Kashmiris are paying the price for Indian-Pakistani politics Demilitarization of Kashmir Those in favor of an independent Kashmir want Pakistan and India to step aside and let the Kashmiri people decide their future. "It is time India and Pakistan announce the timetable for withdrawal of their forces from the portions they control and hold an internationally supervised referendum," Toqeer Gilani, the president of Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front in Pakistani Kashmir, told DW.
How Kashmiris are paying the price for Indian-Pakistani politics No chance for secession But most Kashmir observers don't see it happening in the near future. They say that while the Indian strategy to deal strictly with militants and separatists in Kashmir has partly worked out, sooner or later New Delhi will have to find a political solution to the crisis. Secession, they say, does not stand a chance. Author: Shamil Shams
Sectarian strife
The South Asian country's intelligentsia and civil society have voiced their displeasure and concern over Raheel Sharif's role in the Saudi alliance and Islamabad's direct involvement in the conflict.
Pakistan's support to Saudi Arabia is likely to increase the Sunni-Shiite tension in the South Asian country. Analysts believe that the Sunni militant groups will feel further emboldened by the fact that the ex-army chief now heads the Saudi-led alliance.
The sectarian strife in Pakistan has been ongoing for some time now, with militant Islamist groups unleashing terror on the minority Shiite groups in many parts of the country. Most of these outfits, including the Taliban, take inspiration from the hard-line Saudi-Wahabi Islamic ideology.
"For Pakistan's Islamic fundamentalists, the country is already a 'Sunni Wall' against Shiite Iran," Siegfried O. Wolf, director of research at the Brussels-based South Asia Democratic Forum (SADF), told DW in an interview.
"The policy of containing the Shiite influence in the region was seriously affected after the collapse of the Sunni Taliban regime in Afghanistan in 2001 and the subsequent overthrow of Saddam Hussein's government in Iraq. These events created a power vacuum which is now being increasingly filled by Tehran. Saudi Arabia does not want to see the rise of Iran and will continue to do anything to ensure Sunni dominance," he underlined.
Additional reporting by Sattar Khan, DW's Islamabad correspondent.
[image-51]
[image-78]
NASA and Aerojet Rocketdyne recently finished testing a rocket engine injector made through additive manufacturing, or 3-D printing.
This space technology demonstration may lead to more efficient manufacturing of rocket engines, saving American companies time and money. The tests were conducted at NASA's Glenn Research Center in Cleveland.
The series of tests demonstrated the ability to design, manufacture and test a critical rocket engine component using selective laser melting manufacturing technology -- a method that employs high-powered laser beams to melt and fuse fine metallic powders into three dimensional structures.
"NASA recognizes that on Earth and potentially in space, additive manufacturing can be game-changing for new mission opportunities, significantly reducing production time and cost by 'printing' tools, engine parts or even entire spacecraft," said Michael Gazarik, NASA's associate administrator for space technology in Washington. "3-D manufacturing offers opportunities to optimize the fit, form and delivery systems of materials that will enable our space missions while directly benefiting American businesses here on Earth."
This type of injector manufactured with traditional processes would take more than a year to make, but with these new processes it can be produced in less than four months, with a 70 percent reduction in cost.
The project is supported by the Game Changing Technology Program in NASA's Space Technology Mission Directorate, which is innovating, developing, testing and flying hardware for use in NASA's future missions.
Right now, there are about five times as many people looking for work as there are jobs to be filled. But by 2018, a new study argues America could be facing the opposite problem — more jobs than there are people to fill them.
It comes down to demographics, argue Barry Bluestone and Mark Melnik of Northeastern University in a study sponsored by the MetLife Foundation and think tank Civic Ventures, with retiring Baby Boomers will leave a huge number job vacancies in their wake.
The two project that by 2018 there will be 14.6 million new nonfarm payroll jobs, plus some additional jobs in farming, family businesses and so on. Meantime, with no change in immigration policy or labor force participation rates, there will only be about 9.6 million workers available to fill those positions, leaving a gap of more than 5 million jobs that are vacant.
For the moment many older workers, having seen their net worth wither, have been hanging on to their jobs. In Southwest Michigan, for example, two nuclear power plants that employ many Baby-Boom generation workers told work force development agency Michigan Works! that they expected slots to open up. Michigan Works! is working on setting a training program for those jobs, but the plants then found that the workers weren't retiring as quickly as expected.
“We know that there's going to be a big demand — it's looming out there,” said Todd Gustafson, executive director at Michigan Works! Southwest Michigan locations. But he doesn't know when, exactly.
The study's authors believe that in time, the problem won't be older workers hanging on to their jobs past retirement age, but older workers not staying in the labor force long enough.
“Not only will there be jobs for these experienced workers to fill, but the nation will absolutely need older workers to step up and take them,” they write.
1 / 9 Sarah Palin On 'Game Change'
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R) said she wouldn't watch her portrayal in "Game Change" by Julianne Moore. "I'm not going to go see the movie, neither is the good Sen. John McCain," she told <a href="http://nation.foxnews.com/sarah-palin/2012/03/03/palin-game-change-hollywood-lies-are-hollywood-lies" target="_hplink">Fox News</a>. "We've discussed this and realized that Hollywood lies are Hollywood lies. They're going to do what they can to drum up their money and their machine, and their machine happens to be a very pro-leftist, pro-Barack Obama machine there at HBO that created this movie. And those campaign staffers who essentially threw John McCain under the bus, I think that they should feel some shame, and they should feel some embarrassment, because the movie is based on a false narrative, as you can see in the trailer." A number of her former aides, however, saw the film, and<a href="http://www.sarahpac.com/posts/statement-on-game-change" target="_hplink"> posted this response on the Sarah PAC website</a>: Despite HBO's best efforts, we have all seen the movie Game Change. We stand by everything we previously said on the record. The movie is at best "historical fiction" - historical only in that Sarah Palin was nominated and campaigned for the office of Vice President. The movie is a series of scenes where the dialogue, locations and participants are invented or rendered unrecognizable for dramatic effect. HBO and its surrogates continue to argue that they spoke to 25 sources. None of them are on the record nor is their level of involvement in the campaign disclosed. Not one source is on the record in either the book or in the movie and it is clear why. The authors of the book never even traveled on the campaign with Governor Palin. We call on HBO to add the fiction disclaimer.
AP/Phillip V. Caruso, HBO
In this episode, I am going to show you what a SQL injection attack is, along with how it works, and then we will look at several methods to prevent them. We will also look at how a SQL injection attack can reach far beyond the database.
So what is a SQL injection attack anyways? Well, I think it is best described through illustrations at a high level. Lets say that you are hosting a blog. Then Joe user comes along and make a request to your blog. He asks for example.com/blog/12, the 12 being the 12th blog post. You happen to be running an apache, php, and mysql application stack. Your blog software queries the database asking for the 12th blog post. The SQL statement will probably look something like this, select * from blog where id = 12. You will notice that the 12 from the url and the 12 in the SQL select statement are the same. That is because we are using user supplied data to query the database. This can be extremely dangerous if the user input is not filtered correctly. What do I mean by extremely dangerous? Well, if the user input is not filtered correctly, an attacker can execute other SQL statements by playing around with the user input.
Lets say for example that an attacker comes along and after playing around with you blog for a while noticed a SQL injection vulnerability. So the attacker crafts a special request to test his assumption. You will notice that his blog request obviously looks strange. Again, we have a apache, php, and mysql application stack. Our application takes our user input and constructs a SQL statement, but what does it look like? Select * from blog where id = 12 or id = 13. That looks weird, but it is actually a valid request. In this example, there is no user input filtering happening, which should at the least filter out the user provided quotes in the input. You will notice that I played around with the quotes, to make sure our SQL statement was escaped properly, this is to ensure it was valid.
This is how SQL injection works at a high level. There is actually a really great site called SQL Injection Attacks by Example, I have provided the link in the episode notes below. The site will show you just how nasty SQL injection attacks can be. There are examples to update records, insert new data, delete tables, amongst other things.
I got the idea for this episode, while watching a YouTube video of a security researcher, who was looking for vulnerabilities in a VPN appliance. I highly recommend watching the video. I have provided the link is in the episode nodes below. I think it is useful because it shows you how and attacker will reverse engineer your infrastructure to find weaknesses. In the video, around the 22 minute mark, a SQL injection vulnerability is found, the researcher leverages this SQL injection vulnerability to read and write files to the host operating system with an interesting outcome.
I was thinking it would be neat to configure a virtual machine with Apache, PHP, and MySQL to see how SQL injection attacks work in real life. Just a word of warning before we jump in, I am going to configure this server in a highly insecure manner, so do not duplicate my instructions in a production environment. I am going to be using Vagrant which we learned about in episode #4 to configure a CentOS 6.4 virtual machine along with the required application stack. Here is what my Vagrantfile looks like if you are interested. I am going to login and su to root so that we can get started.
Vagrant :: Config . run do | config | # Every Vagrant virtual environment requires a box to build off of. config . vm . box = "centos64-x86_64-minimal" config . vm . forward_port 80 , 8080 ends
Lets disable SELinux as it will stop us from doing fun things, and I will show you why that is a bad idea later in the episode. Lets run getenforce to see the current status. Looks like SELinux is enforcing, so lets turn this off. We can run setenforce 0 to set it to permissive mode. To make the change persist across reboots you can edit /etc/sysconfig/selinux and change the SELINUX line to your desired mode.
Now, lets install our application stack by running yum install httpd php php-mysql and mysql-server. Do not worry about keeping tracking all these commands as I have put them into the episode notes below.
yum install httpd php php-mysql mysql-server
Now that we have the software install, lets configure the various bits and pieces. We can start with httpd. Lets run service httpd start to make sure httpd is started. Then we can run chkconfig httpd on to make sure it starts at boot. In this case we are probably not going to reboot this machine many times, but this is just a habit to make changes persist across reboots.
service httpd start chkconfig httpd on
CentOS 6.4 runs a iptables firewall by default, so we will have to open up port 80 so httpd traffic can get through. Lets open up /etc/sysconfig/iptables, and you will see there is already a rule for allowing incoming ssh connections on port 22, we can just copy this rule and modify it for port 80. Next we can run service iptables restart to reload the firewall rules. We can verify the rule exists by running iptables -L -n and you can see the port 22 and port 80 rules exist.
vi /etc/sysconfig/iptables -A INPUT -m state --state NEW -m tcp -p tcp --dport 80 -j ACCEPT service iptables restart
Next we need to configure the mysql server. We can start the server by running service mysqld start. There is a bunch of output since this is a fresh installation. Most of these talks about locking down the mysql server by setting a root password. Lets go ahead and do that by running mysqladmin -u root password and then our password. Now that we have that done, lets make sure mysqld starts on boot by running chkconfig mysqld on.
service mysqld start /usr/bin/mysqladmin -u root password '3p1s0d3-two1' chkconfig mysqld on
Okay, so at this point we have a virtual machine configured with httpd, a mysql server, and a firewall rule to allow external access to port 80. To get the SQL injection bit working we need to configure a mysql database and an example php script.
First lets log into mysql at the console and configuring an example database with some content. Lets run mysql -u root -p and enter the password we set earlier. I have copied the database creation scripts into the episode notes below, so if you wanted to duplicate my setup, you could. I am going to create a new database called episode21. Then I am going to use that database and create an example table called blog. It is a very simple table with id and data columns. Then we can input several records into the table to simulate real data. Okay, so we now have the database created, with a blog table, and some example data. Lets just run select * from blog to verify this. We can even simulate what our example php script will be doing, select * from blog where id = 1.
mysql -u root -p show databases ;
CREATE DATABASE episode21 ; USE episode21 ; CREATE TABLE ` blog ` ( ` id ` int ( 11 ) DEFAULT NULL , ` content ` varchar ( 100 ) DEFAULT NULL ); INSERT INTO ` blog ` VALUES ( 1 , 'testing 1.. 2.. 3..' ); INSERT INTO ` blog ` VALUES ( 2 , 'testing 2.. 3.. 4..' ); INSERT INTO ` blog ` VALUES ( 3 , 'testing 3.. 4.. 5..' );
select * from blog ;
This just about wraps up configuring our vulnerable mysql server, but to aid in the debugging process I want to turn on the mysql query log so that we can see what is happening behind the scenes when we are doing our SQL injection tests.
Lets edit the mysql configuration file, we are going to enable the general log and specify and output file. After we save the configuration file you need to create the log file. We need to touch /var/log/query.log and then change the ownership to mysql by running chown mysql:mysql /var/log/query.log. Then we can run service mysqld restart to refresh the mysql server setting. Then we can run tail -f /var/log/query.log to verify the log is actually working.
# enable logging general_log = 1 general_log_file = /var/log/query.log
touch /var/log/query.log chown mysql:mysql /var/log/query.log service mysqld restart tail -f /var/log/query.log
Many people are making predictions for the new year around now. I see fewer people going back and grading the accuracy of their predictions about last year, even though that obviously has a lot of relevance for how seriously we should take this year's predictions.
In keeping with the SSC tradition, here are the results for my (late) predictions for 2015. Successful predictions are normal-looking, failed predictions are crossed out :
World Events
1. US will not get involved in any new major war with death toll of > 100 US soldiers: 70%
2. North Korea's government will survive the year without large civil war/revolt: 95%
3. Greece will not announce it's leaving the Euro: 60%
3. Neither Russia nor Qatar will lose their World Cups: 80%
4. Ebola will kill fewer people in second half of 2015 than the in first half: 95%
5. No terrorist attack in the USA will kill > 100 people: 90%
6. Assad will remain President of Syria: 70%
7. Israel will not get in a large-scale war (ie >100 Israeli deaths) with any Arab state: 90%
8. Syria's civil war will not end this year: 80%
9. ISIS will control less territory than it does right now: 70%
10. ISIS will continue to exist: 80%
11. Iran will reach a deal with the West on nuclear weapons: 80%
12. No major civil war in Middle Eastern country not currently experiencing a major civil war: 90%
13. Iraq's situation not to get any worse (eg gov't collapse, new rebellion): 60%
14. Obamacare will survive the year mostly intact: 60%
15. Hillary Clinton will be the top-polling Democratic Presidential candidate: 95%
16. Jeb Bush will be the top-polling Republican candidate: 50%
17. Trans-Pacific Partnership to pass at least mostly intact: 60%
18. US official unemployment rate will be less than 7% in Dec 2015: 95%
19. Bitcoin will end the year higher than $200: 95%
20. Oil will end the year greater than $60 a barrel: 50%
Personal Life
21. SSC will remain active: 95%
22. SSC will get fewer hits in the second half of 2015 than the first half: 60%
23. At least one SSC post in the second half of 2015 will get > 100,000 hits: 70%
24. Shireroth will remain active: 90%
25. I will remain at my same job through the end of 2015: 95%
26. There will be no further ramifications or lawsuits from either side over the flooding of my house: 80%
27. I will reach my savings target: 90%
28. I will get a score at >95th percentile for my year on PRITE: 50% (unknown, haven't gotten score back)
29. I will be involved in at least one published/accepted-to-publish research paper by the end of 2015: 60%
30. I will not break up with any of my current girlfriends: 80%
31. I will not get any new girlfriends: 50%
32. I will not finish [project]: 60%
33. I will attend NYC Solstice ritual: 80%
34. I will flake out of my plan to lead some kind of Solstice Ritual myself: 60%
35. I will be living in the house I'm currently trying to arrange to rent: 70%
Scoring
Of items I marked as 50% confident, 0 were right and 3 were wrong
Of items I marked as 60% confident, 4 were right and 4 were wrong
Of items I marked as 70% confident, 4 were right and 1 was wrong
Of items I marked as 80% confident, 5 were right and 1 was wrong
Of items I marked as 90% confident, 4 were right and 0 were wrong
Of items I marked as 95% confident, 7 were right and 0 were wrong
As usual, the dotted line represents perfect calibration; the closer my blue line comes to that, the better I'm doing.
The graph looks like there's a massive failure at 50%, but this is just an artifact of very few questions at that level. If I'd gotten just one more right, I would be at 33%, ie as close to 50% as it's possible to get with a set of three. Given that the difference between total success and total failure was just one question, I don't feel too bad about total failure. Everything else looks pretty good. I'm prepared to call this another successful year.
A side note: Scott Adams has also graded his predictions from the past year, and reports incredible success: 9/9 correct despite going way out on a limb and saying things everyone else found really unlikely (like that Trump would stay Republican front-runner). The obvious way to accomplish like that is to make lots of things that vaguely sound like predictions, then only highlight and count the ones that end up correct; after a quick scan of Adams' blog, there's no sign that he's doing this; his win seems pretty genuine. Another method might be to make vague predictions and grade them in your favor, and there is some sign of this – for example, someone goes off Clinton's poll numbers versus Sanders could say they are in fact still going up. Nevertheless, it's obviously been a good year for Adams, and I'd be fascinated to see him make a list of official concrete predictions for 2016, all in one place, maybe even associated with confidence levels. [EDIT: Someone else's more pessimistic analysis; this makes it more pressing that he do everything beforehand this time]
Getty Images
1. Broncos: Nine straight wins are enough to put them straight at the top of the stack.
2. 49ers: Two Niners teams showed up on Sunday night. Only one of them can win the Super Bowl.
3. Falcons: They should have saved a few of those points for their playoff opener.
4. Texans: The road to New Orleans most likely will go through Houston. The question is whether the team from Houston will be the one making the trip.
5. Patriots: Those who think Sunday night's loss to the 49ers removes the Pats from Super Bowl consideration apparently don't realize that the 49ers don't play in the AFC.
6. Packers: They'd have a better chance of advancing in the postseason if Sidney Crosby was their kicker. Or Bing Crosby. Or Bill Cosby.
7. Seahawks: The hottest team in the NFC will make their move to the top five if they can topple the 49ers.
8. Redskins: Maybe Kirk Cousins is actually the rookie of the year.
9. Cowboys: They're playing just well enough to eventually blow their shot at a playoff berth.
10. Bengals: They're playing just well enough to eventually blow their shot at a playoff berth.
11. Colts: The team that never quits will be tough to beat in January, especially if they get their head coach back.
12. Vikings: If running the ball and playing defense were still the formula for winning championships, the Vikings would be in great shape.
13. Giants: The fact that they expect to find the gas pedal when they need to could make it less likely that they will.
14. Ravens: Fat, drunk, stupid and/or carrying a five-game losing streak into the postseason is no way to go through life.
15. Steelers: The franchise has had three coaches since 1969. More and more locals are ready for No. 4.
16. Panthers: Ron Rivera is earning another chance to make good on Ryan Kalil's prediction.
17. Bears: Within Lovie Smith's 2003 introductory press conference resides the main reason why the end of his tenure is near.
18. Saints: That 41-0 win may have been aimed at persuading Sean Payton to believe that the team is still Super Bowl ready.
19. Rams: Sooner or later, this team has to confront the quarterback question.
20. Dolphins: 40 years after 17-0, the Fins are still technically alive for the postseason.
21. Titans: Given their mutual fondness for middle fingers, maybe Bud Adams should hire Rex Ryan.
22. Browns: After a temporary outage, the Factory of Sadness is back on its normal production schedule.
23. Bills: It's a good thing they signed Mario Williams; otherwise, the Bills may have given up 100 points to the Seahawks.
24. Buccaneers: At least they didn't have to try to blow up victory formation.
25. Jets: The next two weeks could be all about showcasing Tim Tebow for a possible trade.
26. Chargers: Philip Rivers possibly wishes the next two weeks would be all about showcasing himself for a trade.
27. Cardinals: Even if they win the rest of their games, that 58-0 blowout will likely blow out the coach and much of the front office.
28. Eagles: Best evidence that Garrett Reid wasn't distributing steroids? The team's won-loss record.
29. Lions: Once again, the Lions will play the role of spoilers who couldn't spoil milk.
30. Raiders: By winning against the Chiefs, the Raiders merely lost the chance at a higher draft slot for 2013.
31. Jaguars: It's only a matter of time before Tim Tebow rides a donkey into his hometown.
32. Chiefs: Ricky Stanzi may finally get his close up. At a time when absolutely no one is paying attention.
Steve Jobs died nearly a month ago, and Amanda Knox is back in jail - or so they'd have you believe.
Twitter is, as most of its users would argue, increasingly awesome. It's a way to get real-time facts, fresh information and/or updates on whether your friend's about to go take a dump. As they happen. However, we can't help but notice the slight flaw in that system: when 'news flashes' come up on the site without any grounding in reality, then get used as the basis for news reports, then get published as news.
As the digital age gives us ever more access to resources for fact-checking there are still several hilarious and sometimes horrifying instances when publications and sites click publish or go to print without double-checking. Hey, sometimes in the race to be first in line at the 'we already knew that story' queue, you might have a few hiccups on the way right? Well, yes. Just ask any member of the Daily Mail staff involved in the recent little blunder that inspired this whole piece...
We can only be talking about the Amanda Knox court verdict, of course. When the judge finally gave his verdict on her implication in the murder of Meredith Kercher last week, it turned out the ole Mail had its own story ready to publish if she'd been found guilty of the murder already. Its own story, replete with made-up quotes and soundbites. Awkward. Knox was, of course, in the process of appealing to have her conviction for the murder of Kercher over-ruled in what had become a massively high profile case. So when she was in fact found guilty of slander and not murder, it seems the online editor at the Daily Mail was too keen to hit 'publish' at the first snippet of the g-word.
Their overly dramatic and largely erroneous piece only lived on the internet for about ninety seconds, apparently, but was up long enough to be got picked up on by an SEO expert. Once this Malcolm Coles had blogged about it, well, the mainstream press joined ranks and the universal mocking tones hit live blogs from the Guardian to the UK's Press Gazette. Again, awkward. According to the Mail's own statement beside the newly-published piece, "The quotes were obtained from various parties in the event of either a guilty or not guilty verdict". Hmm.
And this wasn't the only incident of misreported news in this week's main stories. Steve Jobs long battle with pancreatic cancer ended last week, and Silicon Valley's tech press were swift to get word out to the world. Perhaps a little too swiftly, in the case of Gizmodo, who unfortunately listed the Apple co-founder's death as September 9, 2011 - nearly a month before he passed. Was this another case of having copy ready a little early? Well, it's good to be prepared, I suppose.
This wasn't the earliest 'reported' death for Steve, either. Way back in 2008, Bloomsberg accidentally published their obituary on the man, complete with potential contacts for quotes. This was clearly written as an incomplete piece however - a template ready to be finished if the unfortunate event came. Gawker's editor Ryan Tate was quick to publish news of Bloomsberg's error. Yes, that's the same Gawker that owns Gizmodo. A case of stone-throwers forgetting about the fragile nature of their housing material, we feel.
CNN's baffling cut-and-paste obit for Castro, featuring snippets of Ronald Reagan's life
Premature obituaries have been hitting the press for a good few decades now though. Really, you'd be hard pressed to find better examples of how quickly a rumour can turn into a hoax into a news story. Over the years a whole host of celebrities has been given the thrill of reading about their own deaths on the internet and/or television news summaries. Though these kinds of reports were often rooted in a dark satire (see Founding Father Benjamin Franklin claiming his top rival had died ), nowadays there seems to be a combination of relying on the nets anonymity and good old Chinese whispers reportage.
Some of our favourites? When in 2010 Queen Elizabeth II was jokingly reported dead after someone using her name on Facebook passed away. What kind of shoddy outfit would make such a glaring mistake? Only BBC Radio Midlands. Although it was meant as a prank, by many it was taken seriously. You know, as the BBC often is. From Bill Cosby's rumoured death trending twice on Twitter in the last year to Bob Hope's extraordinary luck at being falsely named dead twice in his lifetime, it seems easier to mess this one up than most of us would think. Look no further than CNN's mistakenly-published set of obituaries for everyone from Fidel Castro and Dick Cheney to Nelson Mandela, many of which bizarrely used the Queen Mother's details - Cheney's position as "the UK's favorite grandmother" might have been more suprising than his fake death.
Canadians trying to fight the information blackout. Probably on iPhones
While incorrectly publishing the news of an important figure's death can get weird, this next example of an attempt to regulate the gun-jumping is almost weirder. In Canadian law, ( Section 329 of the Elections Act to be geekily precise) it pretty much states that in a country as wide as Canada you can't mess up the fun/crushing disappointment for everyone else by leaking election results across time zones
Since this fair isle is such a small one, when we all found out about the coalition government, that confusion/crushing disappointment came in one neat time zone. Canada's sprawling plains and forests and whatnot, however, have caused some big recent problems for political bloggers - generally politically-inclined Tweeters and random people who spilled the beans on Facebook. A Vancouver blogger was fined about £625 in the general election of 2000, and this year the ' Tweet The Results ' campaign set out to flood the site with real-time results, in a protest against the planned 'blackout' of news.
So, is this to become the best way to try and minimise stories breaking before they ought to? Given Section 329's inception in 1938 it would have been almost unimaginable then to think of the real-time consumption of news now. It'll be interesting to see whether other nations will look to tighten restrictions on jumping the gun, but until then we can still freely giggle at screen-grabs from errors past, can't we?
Description
The Little Acre follows the story of Aidan and his daughter, Lily, set in the 1950's Ireland. After discovering clues as to the whereabouts of his missing father, Aidan begins investigating until he inadvertently finds himself transported to a strange new world. Ever the hero, Lily sets off after him, encountering her own perils along the way. Featuring voice-acting and hand-drawn animation, The Little Acre is a memorable, lovingly crafted adventure game.
History
The concept for The Little Acre began with something vaguely similar to the game in its present form, as a major project undertaken for a Master's degree. Several years and approximately four iterations later, The Little Acre became what it is now - an innovative point-and-click adventure which gives the player a charming, story-led experience. The Little Acre is Ireland's first Xbox One game.
Features
We all know what Zen is - but what are lovely records?
Well firstly: Have you noticed that someone else's lovely records are not always lovely for you? This must mean that they are not lovely in and of themselves - but become lovely through time and effort, chance and contingency. It's our personal investment that makes them lovely.
But wait a minute: How many lovely records can you have then?
I want to suggest that you can't have very many at a time. Our objects of desire are randomly complex and they belong to no-one else but us. It is all in our mind's eye (and ear) and there isn't room for many.
So I am not going to provide you with yet another display of lovely records, because they probably won't click with you anyway, and they will be just another collection of personal orphans on the net wasting your time and overwhelming you with worry (Why don't I like that?), anxiety (I can't live without this record, where can I buy it?) and unease (How can another person like that?).
Hifi should be fun, right? And shopping isn't.
So I want to give you (back) all your own lovely records...
Let's recap. Scarcity
Idiosyncrasy
Chance all seem to determine the alchemy of lovely records.
So here's what you have to do....
First step. Get rid of some (a lot) of your records! I am sure there are many records taking up space (in your mind, on your shelves and in your hard disc) that you no longer listen to or like. Throw them away. Delete. And with no feelings of guilt. Enjoy a lean and mean collection, where you almost randomly can pick an album and you know that it almost certainly will give you a lovely experience.
Second step. You put on a record and you didn't get a lovely experience? Throw that album away. It's a Frisbee, and just hear the whispering woosh of the delete key.
Third step. Stop buying new records. Take a sabbath from all the angst. Listening to new records is work, work, work and the chances are low that this new record will prove to be lovely. Be content with what you have.
Fourth step. Don't read about new records (or other people's lovely records) cos then you won't be tempted. As the fortune-teller said to the singer-songwriter: Beware of the beautiful stranger. The one after the one you know now.
I know, I know. Every day in every way things just got better.
(Angry Patriot) – If this doesn't prove the need for a wall, I don't know what will.
The U.S. Border Patrol has discovered 224 underground tunnels used by Mexican cartels for human trafficking and drug smuggling. The Border Tunnel Entry Team, a special division of the Border Patrol, is tasked with infiltrating the extensive tunnel network, and have been dubbed “tunnel rats.” (via ABC News)
Cartels are currently able to smuggle smaller shipments of heroin and cocaine through existing border check points, or by crossing the border illegally, so the tunnels are used for larger shipments. The tunnels are sophisticated — including a rail system, lighting, and ventilation. One tunnel is 70 feet deep and almost 3,000 feet long.
Huge shipments of marijuana are now smuggled underground, since the large quantity and foul odor are easily detected at Border Crossings.
The DEA estimates that these tunnels cost between one and two million dollars to construct and maintain, but they can generate several more millions in illegal profit if they go undetected. Most of the tunnels end up in Arizona or California.
Lance LeNoir, leader of the “tunnel rats” division of the border patrol, says the cartels will “tunnel anywhere they want to. It's wherever they can get a building on the south side and a building on the north side. Location, Location, Location.”
LeNoir's team uses ground-penetrating radar and acoustic devices, in addition to classic investigative techniques, to try to find the tunnels. The Border Patrol keeps tabs on warehouses near the border, monitoring for suspicious activity and large piles of dirt.
Once detected, agents must undertake the dangerous task of infiltrating the tunnels to map them. After that, they fill the holes in with concrete. The Department of Homeland Security spends over a million dollars a year just filling the tunnels. The Mexican government attempts to seal the holes, but they claim it is too expensive to fill them with concrete. Smugglers have tapped into “sealed” tunnels at least seven times in recent years.
Thankfully, President Trump is acutely aware of the problem. He has vowed to build a wall along the Mexican border, and has already signed an executive order to spur on construction. President Trump promised during the election that he will “find and dislocate tunnels and keep out criminal cartels.”
The wall will be part of an overall strategy deployed by President Trump to keep the border safe. Aerial surveillance will help detect the smuggling operations along with other advanced technologies. The huge profits being generated by the tunnels ensures that they will continue to be a problem, but we are now equipped with a president who is willing to invest what's needed into solving the problem.
We need to protect our border in order to protect our country. The border is not just a crossing point for illegal immigrants who plan to abuse our social services — it is used to smuggle in the drugs that destroy our communities. We have a duty to block these cartels to make America safe again.
www.angrypatriotmovement.com/border-patrol-underground-discovery/
Update : Bitcoin's surge continues as Asia re-opens, pushing the cryptocurrency above $9500 as Korea's second largest bank tests Bitcoin vault and wallet services for its clients.
As Coinivore reports, Shinhan, the second largest commercial bank in South Korea by market valuation in the country is testing a Bitcoin vault and wallet service for its customers that is expected to be released by mid-2018.
A representative of Shinhan Bank told Naver News, a media publication in South Korea in an interview that the bank will launch a Bitcoin vault and wallet platform in response to recent hacking attacks of leading South Korean cryptocurrency exchanges including Bithumb.
“Shinhan is testing a virtual bitcoin vault platform wherein the private keys of bitcoin addresses and wallets are managed and issued by the bank. The bank intends to provide the vault service for free and charge a fee for withdrawals,” the representative said.
In 2016 the bank reported a total of US $192 billion in assets and over 13,000 employees according to News Bitcoin. The bank stated that the service wouldn't be ready until the second quarter of 2018 but has begun testing the network for the services.
The service will incur zero fees to deposit Bitcoin to store in their cold storage instead a slight fee will be taken during the withdrawal process. They will also be rolling out a mobile app that will contain a dashboard for viewing stats and deposit information for their customers.
It's unclear whether or not Shinhan will offer Bitcoin brokerage and trading services to enable their existing clients and customers to purchase or sell Bitcoin.
South Korea has been a hub for cryptocurrency and somewhat of a safe haven for established digital currencies since, unlike other countries, they have embraced digital currency as a means for change. Earlier this month, Choe Heung-sik, chief of the Financial Supervisory Service (FSS), stated that the South Korean government would not impose strict regulations on cryptocurrency exchanges in the foreseeable future.
“Though we are monitoring the practice of cryptocurrency trading, we don't have plans right now to directly supervise exchanges. Supervision will come only after the legal recognition of digital tokens as a legitimate currency,” Choe said.
Truly allowing the growth of Bitcoin, as of this writing, South Korea holds the largest markets in Bitcoin exchange Bithumb with a volume traded of $356,126,000 today at the time of this writing.
* * *
Update : Bitcoin has continued to soar intraday - now topping $9,300 - with a total market cap over $156 billion, leaving the cryptocurrency worth more than Merck, Disney, and GE.
Coinivore notes that the digital currency, once a toy for computer nerds, is now soaring in price, triggering a new gold rush. Is it just another bubble, or a glimpse into a radically different financial future?
As Rick Falkvinge, CEO of BitCoin Cash and founder of the Swedish Pirate Party, warns “bitcoin is an extinction-level event for banks” and probably governments too...
* * *
As we detailed earlier, less than 24 hours ago, we noted that Bitcoin had broken above the recent resistance level around $8,300 and hit a fresh all-time high of $8,650, observing that the world's biggest cryptocurrency by market cap is now rising at a pace that has put the $10,000 price target by both Mike Novogratz (and Jose Canseco) firmly in its sights. It didn't take long however for bitcoin to find a new round of eager buyers, and in early Asian trading, a burst of buying out of Korea's Bithumb exchange, has sent bitcoin surging another several hundred dollars higher, and around midnight ET bitcoin had surpassed $9,000, sending its market cap to $150 billion, making it more valuable than corporations like Siemens, Mastercard or McDonald's.
The sharp gains come as the combined market capitalization for all cryptocurrencies also peaks at new highs – currently standing at just shy of $300 billion.
At this rate of appreciation, the crypto may hit the key psychological level of $10,000 in under a week. Needless to say, the long term chart is about as exponential as it gets, so as usual, buyer beware.
Bitcoin started the year just above $1,000, and the YTD gain is now over 900%, which however pales in comparison to Ether's nearly 5,000% YTD return and Litecoin's 20x.
However, it's not just Asian demand as CoinTelegraph reports that in a sign of growing mainstream acceptance, digital currency exchange Coinbase now boasts more accounts than brokerage firm Charles Schwab.
image courtesy of CoinTelegraph
According to its website, Coinbase has 13 mln users while the number of Schwab brokerage accounts stood at 10.6 mln as of the end of 2016. These numbers don't paint a complete picture, since the amount of assets controlled by Schwab certainly vastly exceeds those of Coinbase users. Nevertheless, the actual number of users indicates a massive volume of adoption, as the public begins to dabble in cryptocurrencies. Coinbase user numbers have grown by 167% this year.
One month ago, Mike Novogratz was the first to predict a $10,000 price in 6 to 10 months. It may come in that many weeks instead. As a store of value, Novogratz likened bitcoin to digital gold, and said the technology is beginning to make "more and more sense" as we move increasingly into the digital. Novogratz continued to say that, while bitcoin is a bubble, the mania is justified, because it is a technological advancement that promises to fundamentally alter our lives.
"I can hear the herd coming" Novogratz said. And bubble or not, Novogratz concluded eloquently on the extreme nature of cryptocurrencies' potential...
“Remember, bubbles happen around things that fundamentally change the way we live,” he said. “The railroad bubble. Railroads really fundamentally changed the way we lived. The internet bubble changed the way we live. When I look forward five, 10 years, the possibilities really get your animal spirits going.”
Bitcoin is set to become "the biggest bubble of our time," he added, and could reach $10,000 very soon due to fast-building interest. In retrospect, he may be right much faster than even he anticipated.
This is the last install for the Kanban board. The project has ended. Lessons learned have been gathered. A new project has begun with its own board.
Recent Comments
“Have you seen his board? You have GOT to see his board.” ~ One of our PMs to our visiting PMO managers.
“I love coming over here. It inspires me.”~ One of our PMs referring to our board.
“You must fear the cleaning crew.”~ One of our PMO managers after seeing the board.
“This is one of the most innovative things we are doing here.”~ One of our employees showing the board to visiting students.
“I was skeptical about using the board and the post-it notes, but it worked out pretty well.” ~ One of our team members during Lessons Learned.
Observations
I've gotten better at explaining the board to people. My go-to explanations: “It allows me to sleep at night.” “It leverages the concept that the project is a system and this is a visual representation of it.” “It allows me to easily identify bottlenecks and recognize areas of concern.” “It leverages psychology in that human beings are visual creatures and we process visuals or patterns quicker than text.”
I suspect people know I'm busy because they can see the board. Another project manager made this same observation recently. People don't have to ask if I'm busy. They can SEE I'm busy.
Board discipline can be difficult—especially when you are getting overwhelmed with so many demands. I have to be careful not to let it get behind.
We had a situation where the board and a spreadsheet were not in line. While neither were exactly correct, the board was more accurate. In some ways, this didn't surprise me, I've noticed the board is often more accurate than any spreadsheet. I've often said, “the board knows all.”
Our process can be extremely complex. I would need an entire room to create “In Progress” and “Done” columns. I've had to consolidate some of these.
The board seems to have become a part of the IT department. It doesn't get the skepticism it once did. People have come to accept it for what it is and understand that it works. Its not a fad.
All in all, I would guess 10% of the people think the board is cool, 10% don't like it, and the remainder are somewhere in between.
Lessons Learned
Sometimes your work can take a different path than the one you have created on the board. This can be frustrating. This is usually due to variation and complexity built into the overall system. You have to learn to roll with these, get creative, and adjust.
ALWAYS include the team. When I finished the project, I took a picture of just me with the board. Wrong move. Maybe I worked on it the most. Maybe I championed it the most. Maybe most people didn't quite get it. But we all used it. I took a picture of all involved later and posted it on our company Yammer page. I was told they appreciated it. I should have had them help me take down the post-its and the board. Opportunity lost.
You never know how your work can influence others. The team that assisted me is now using their own visual management board. I was more than happy to help them come up with something. I must keep doing this.
Share the wall. I want the team next to me to enjoy the “easier-to-sleep-at-night” feeling when using a visual management tool. That means I will gladly surrender some of the wall (they get half!). I've started using OneNote to track things where I don't have enough wall space. I just put on the wall what management wants to see.
Experiments
One experiment is posting on the company's Yammer page. I've been inviting people to share in the experience of using Lean and Kanban concepts. I'm going to sneak Deming in there as well. I have one follower so far. Heh.
My biggest experiment was limiting WIP. It got to the point late in the project where I was pretty much the only one working on the project, so I didn't have to struggle convincing people to limit their WIP. I just did it. I also realized there was much I didn't realize about why it was important limiting WIP. Things I learned:
Dependencies is a huge problem. In one instance, I have a WIP limit of two. Its full. However, I'm waiting on a dependency before I can move both of them forward. This is very common.
Because I am waiting, my instinct is to take on more. But what happens is I soon have so much in progress I can't remember what all I was working on and the problems of context switching sets in. It takes discipline to limit WIP. Fortunately I didn't have any outside pressure to increase it otherwise I would have.
When I find myself waiting, I go work on something else—for instance—that 30-minute side project someone asked me to complete two weeks ago—I can go work on that now.
WIP can mysteriously increase. For instance, I had a team member tell me something they were working on needed my help. Suddenly, my WIP increased by one. About an hour later, something we thought was fixed wasn't fixed at all. It came back. My WIP increased again. This is a challenge and I'm still figuring out how to handle this.
I've been increasing and decreasing WIP limits. Because of the external dependencies, you have to try to find a balance. Because of variation, these can shrink and expand regularly. I don't think one should ever set their WIP limits in stone (unless their system has little variation).
I now understand the importance of limiting WIP. It's really quite simple and what I was told in the first place—it reduces context switching. If you reduce context switching, you get more speed . This is a hard concept for folks to grasp. Even me.
. This is a hard concept for folks to grasp. Even me. The tendency to start something else without finishing another is very strong. Especially when you have a line of people wanting something from you now . The problem is, you are actually making them wait longer by starting them early. It might make them feel better that you have started them, but ultimately, you will frustrate them because they have to wait a long time and they will begin to wonder, “WHY DOES IT TAKE SO LONG?” Best tell them to wait. They will be better off for it. This takes tremendous courage and discipline.
Links to the rest of this series:
Part I
Part II
Part III
Part IV
Part V
Part VI
Part VII
Part VIII
Advertisements
Johannesburg - The Constitutional Court will hand down judgment in Nkandla matter on Thursday this week.
In a letter by the senior registrar's clerk of the Constitutional Court, it informs parties that judgment would be handed down at 10:00 on March 31.
The matter relates to security upgrades - paid for the taxpayer - made to Zuma's home in Nkandla, KwaZulu-Natal.
The EFF and DA, fed up with Zuma not paying back any of the money, as recommended by the public protector, took Zuma and Speaker Baleka Mbete to court.
They had applied for an order clarifying the powers of the public protector, and that Zuma be ordered to pay some of the money back that was spent on non-security items – like the swimming pool initially called a “fire pool”, and a cattle kraal.
News giant Bloomberg has filed a formal complaint with the Federal Communications Commission, accusing Comcast of violating conditions it agreed to as part of its merger with NBC Universal, which created a $30 billion entertainment colossus.
Bloomberg argues that Comcast, the nation's largest cable operator, has exiled its financial news television network to cable-dial Siberia, far away from the “existing news neighborhoods” where it groups major news channels like MSNBC, CNBC, and Fox News.
Bloomberg's dispute with Comcast goes to the heart of objections raised by critics of the NBC Universal deal, who had argued that Comcast could use its market power to favor its own channels to the disadvantage of rival programming, in this case Bloomberg TV.
For its part, Comcast says it “does not, and since the transaction has not, ‘neighborhooded' channels on our systems.” The cable giant argues that the FCC's “neighborhooding” requirement would only apply if Comcast-NBCU actually did neighborhood news or business news channels in the future, but since it does not at present, the FCC's order approving the merger “does not support Bloomberg TV's request.”
Thus, the outcome of this squabble will likely center on whether the FCC determines that Comcast does, in fact, neighborhood its channels or not.
Bloomberg's complaint centers on a specific condition the FCC applied to the merger, which required that “if Comcast now or in the future carries news and/or business news channels in a neighborhood, defined as placing a significant number or percentage of news and/or business news channels substantially adjacent to one another in a system's lineup, Comcast must carry all independent news and business news channels in that neighborhood.”
In Washington DC for example, Comcast carries CNN, Fox News, MSNBC and CNBC on channels 35-39. Bloomberg TV, by contrast, is way down the dial ot channel 103, next to C-Span 2 and C-Span 3.
Bloomberg has an intense interest in this issue as it tries to expand the reach of Bloomberg TV, which has struggled to gain traction in the shadow of its much more widely viewed rival, CNBC, which Comcast now controls following the merger. When it approved the merger, the FCC noted that “by foreclosing or disadvantaging rival programming networks, Comcast can increase subscribership or advertising revenue for its own programming content.”
In a statement, Greg Babyak, head of Government Affairs at Bloomberg, accused Comcast of “failing” to abide by the conditions to which it agreed as part of the merger.
“The Commission stressed the critical role of independent news in its Order and indeed, this was a significant component of the conditions that enabled the FCC to have the confidence to move forward with the merger,” Babyak said. “If Comcast is dragging its feet on a condition this clear, we can only imagine how they will live up to conditions that are potentially less clear.”
Babyak said that Bloomberg is “confident the FCC will enforce this condition,” but noted dryly that “if merger conditions are shown to be without meaning, then it becomes impossible for the Commissioners to assess whether moving forward with other mergers is in the public interest.”
Incentive Programs for Big Thinkers Our incentive programs are designed to help you motivate and reward your employees and sales network step-by-step toward higher and higher levels of performance. If your organization is aiming high and thinking big, we have the perfect tool to complement your aspirations: our Superachievers ® incentive programs. For more information about these powerful state-of-the-art programs, just click on sales incentives or employee incentives . Or contact us for a free consultation.
Your loyal employees who have been with you for years deserve special recognition. They've formed a long-term bond that reflects a special relationship with your organization. Now you can celebrate that relationship with a special gift and recognition that reflects your deep appreciation for their enduring commitment: our Celebrationservice award program.Designed to fit any budget, this amazing employee service award program is a program you'll love. To find out more, just visit our service award information page, or contact us to speak with a service recognition expert.
We invite you to breathe new energy and excitement in your organization by taking the highest aspirations for your organization and setting them into action today. We'd like to help you build enthusiasm, focus, and fun in the pursuit of your goals throughout your entire organization.
Sales Incentive Programs For both internal sales groups and external sales channels, our sales incentive programs are designed to help you bring strong focus, motivation, and reward to the areas of sales with the greatest potential for growth. Find out more about our sales incentives Employee Incentive Programs Designed to help you motivate and reward outstanding performance, our employee programs can put focus on different goals for each department or segment of your organization. Find out more about our employee incentives Employee Service Award Programs For those employees who have maintained a longstanding loyalty to the company as expressed in many years of service, our programs are designed to provide attractive and appreciated awards and recognition. Find out more about our employee service awards Employee Health & Wellness Programs Employers and employees alike can benefit greatly from the improved health and wellness of employees. Our programs are designed to help you build enthusiasm, motivation, and rewards for healthy choices. Find out more about our employee wellness programs
Atlanta is routinely renowned as the capital of the south and home to civil rights and black political icons. Now, much to its chagrin, Atlanta has achieved a new dastardly distinction. It is the nation's major hub for human trafficking and child sex exploitation.
More than 12 million human beings—and some 1 million children—are forcibly enslaved and trafficked worldwide in what has escalated into a $32 billion illegal industry. It is a shameful and sordid saga that tarnishes Atlanta's otherwise impressive image.
“I am so embarrassed that we go from number one as the most sex trafficking city in the United States,” laments childhood sexual abuse advocate Ann Platz, a board member of Well Spring Living. “That needs to grieve the citizens of Atlanta. While we are doing a lot of wonderful things, our children are being taken and other people's children are being trafficked through our beautiful city. We need to be known as the city that stopped sex trafficking and that we ran it out of here.”
That mission – a call and commitment to combat human trafficking – was the thrust of a high powered public forum and luncheon this weekend at the stately Piedmont Driving Club produced by The Buckhead Cascade City Chapter of The Links, Inc., a prestigious organization of polished, professional and high profiled Atlanta's black female gentry that has pledged their collective talents and resources to raise public awareness and outrage about this hideous and scandalous epidemic.
“They could have had another topic for this luncheon but they chose this one,” said Lisa Williams, President of Living Water for Girls and one of the heavyweight expert panelists.
“They chose to put something in the ground on this because we've already gotten cards from people saying let us help because they are women. They understand that these [victims] are daughters and they were once daughters and because it is a humanity issue. It's not about race, it's not about socio-economics, it's just about injustice. We deplore that and they do as well.”
The panel consisted of a top notch lineup of internationally distinguished activists in the human trafficking arena. In addition to the highly regarded Williams, it also featured former Fulton County Juvenile Court Chief Judge Nina Hickson, National Center for Civil and Human Rights Executive Vice President Deborah Richardson, and Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Georgia Nekia Hackworth.
They offered grim, galvanizing and riveting testimony. The discussion was deftly moderated by former Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin.
“The Links have decided that we need to add our voice to the voices of business and federal officials and human rights activists that human trafficking cannot be ignored any longer; that literally thousands and thousands of children are trafficked in the United States,” said Mayor Franklin. “And, sometimes it happens right in front of our eyes and we don't know it. Atlanta has been a center, to my knowledge, for the last ten years. [Federal officials] made it clear that Atlanta was one of the worst transportation hubs for human trafficking in the world. It ruins the lives of thousands of girls and young women.”
This problem is not the street prostitution that has plagued the nation's inner cities for decades, today most of the girls bought and sold as sex slaves are exploited virtually and visibly on Internet websites. It is appalling and outrageous, says Link National Trends Chairperson Gloria Patterson.
“There are lots of things we can do,” opined the regal retired Atlanta school principal. “After we gather information and we understand what the problems are and what the needs are then we can converge and put our resources together so we can connect with other organizations throughout the city to go around and inform children about what these predators look like; how they approach you; what you can do to keep yourself away from them and to keep safe. We can talk to parents so they are more informed about what goes on.
“We can talk to health care professionals, we can talk to educators and churches and bring all these organizations and components together so that we can really impact this city with information, and information is power. We think we can really make a difference.”
The Links are a powerful and influential women's group who have now vowed to use their collective clout to ratchet up the war on human trafficking and sexual slavery at the epicenter of the problem here in Atlanta.
Also On Atlanta Daily World:
Ignite is all about fast and fun presentations. Selected speakers use 20 slides that auto-advance every 15 seconds, giving them a total talk time of 5-minutes. Those who have the guts to get on-stage talk about something they are personally or professionally passionate about.
Talks like Bird Sex, Nosy Neighbors & Climate Change; Standing In The Center of The Digital Divide; and The Art Of Energy Redirection are thought up and delivered by community members who are instructed to Enlighten us, but make it quick!
The first Ignite took place in Seattle in 2006, and since then the event has become an international phenomenon with over 350 cities staging an Ignite event around the world. You can learn more on the IgniteTalks website.
Ignite Charlotte, a non-profit organization, was founded in 2010 by Bridget B Sullivan, an independent event producer who serves as the executive producer.
Admission to Ignite Charlotte is for ages 18 and older. Like us on Facebook, follow us on Instagram and Twitter for future announcements.
Palm Crosses
Clicking on any of the pictures will bring up a larger image
Download a zipped Word version of these instructions by clicking here.
To Make the Knot in the middle
1. Hold the palm horizontally.
2. At about the half waypoint fold the palm up towards the ceiling to create a ninety-degree angle.
3. Take this piece and fold it tightly down towards the floor. (Do not try to make the cross. At this point you are making the square in the middle).
4. Still using the same piece of palm, fold it back up toward the ceiling.
5. Take the other piece of the palm and fold it across the square you have been creating.
6. You will now take this same piece of palm and thread it through the small square you have created. This square is at the back of the cross and you will see the right angle you originally created in this square – thread the palm under this right angle piece.
7. Pull tightly and you should have a completed knot that does not need to be held.
To Form the Cross
1. Take the palm that points towards the ceiling and fold it down toward the floor and thread it through the square you have created at the front of the cross. This will be the top of your cross.
2. Still using the same piece of palm thread up back through the same square you used in the previous step to create the bottom of the cross.
3. Turn the half made cross around so that the remaining horizontal piece of palm is to the right. You should have a vertical square in front of you and a horizontal piece of palm to your right. Take the unwoven piece of palm and thread it through this square to create one side of the cross.
4. Take the same piece of palm and thread it through the same square you used in the previous step making certain to thread it behind where you had previous threaded. You should have a cross that still has some palm pieces hanging out either on top and sometimes in the sides of the cross.
5. Cut the strands that do not belong in your cross.
This page is brought to you by King of Peace Episcopal Church in Kingsland, Georgia
A couple who had a Silly String fight in a Michigan Wal-Mart has been arrested.
The couple, from Muskegon, entered the store in Ludington and started to get into a fight with the Silly String, Mason County Sheriff Kim C. Cole told Michigan Live. Multiple cans were emptied in many aisles of the Wal-Mart.
"It sounds like they did make quite a mess," Cole told Michigan
Employees of the Wal-Mart asked the couple to pay for the cans, which they didn't, according to the report.
Both Samantha Christiansen, 26, and Derek Gomez, 24, have been charged with misdemeanor third degree retail fraud, according to the report. The crime is punishable by up to 93 days in jail or a fine up to $500 or three times the value of the objects taken.
The couple's attorney information was not immediately available.
GWEN IFILL: Finally tonight, a West African country struggles to recover from years of conflict and aims to provide its citizens with very basic needs, including safe drinking water.
Special correspondent Steve Sapienza has another of his collaborations with African journalists covering the continent's water issues.
His story was done in partnership with the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting.
STEVE SAPIENZA: Since 1980, the West African nation of Liberia has been through a cycle of bloody civil war that has claimed over 200,000 lives.
Reporter Tecee Boley survived the turmoil and is now pushing the government to tackle a water crisis that arose during the war years, a crisis that is still claiming lives today.
Radio journalist Tecee Boley wants to know why a reliable supply of clean water to Monrovia's slums remains outside the reach of government and aid agencies. I met Tecee at the Liberian Women's Democracy radio station on the outskirts of the capital. Her drive to report about Liberians' daily struggle to find clean water was undoubtedly shaped by growing up in a war zone.
TECEE BOLEY, Liberian radio journalist: When the war was really hot in Liberia, I would get up early morning to fetch water for my mom. As soon as the shooting subsides, I would go sneak, get a bucket or two, and come indoors. There was no other alternative. We needed the water. Otherwise, we would die.
STEVE SAPIENZA: During the war, tens of thousands of Liberians fled the violence in rural areas in search of food and shelter in the capital. A decade later, Monrovia's slums remain badly overcrowded, and those who eluded war now face new dangers.
TECEE BOLEY: There's a high demand for clean water now in these areas because the population overstressed the already limited services.
STEVE SAPIENZA: At the Randalls Road slum, a group of war amputees tells Tecee that their pump hasn't worked in over one month, a heavy burden to those living on less than a dollar a day.
TECEE BOLEY: The water source itself, when we went to that community, you see there is a hole dug around the well. That means somebody who is physically challenged can't get there to get the water.
MAN: To get water here is hard. I have to pay someone to get to the well and buy the water and bring it to us, so that we can get water to take bath.
STEVE SAPIENZA: 18 percent of all deaths here are caused by waterborne illnesses like diarrhea, malaria and cholera, according to the World Health Organization.
One recent World Bank study found E. coli, an indicator of widespread fecal contamination, in 58 percent of water sources across Monrovia. These are sobering statistics for President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, who is recognized internationally for her work on water issues.
She pledged in 2008 that water access in Liberia would double in four years. Achieving this target is the job of the Liberia Water and Sewer Corporation and its managing director, Nortu Jappah.
TECEE BOLEY: I visited a community yesterday, and I want to know why the water supply to that community is irregular.
NORTU JAPPAH, managing director, Liberia Water and Sewer Corporation: Okay, so I think I have talked about the issue of our capacity issue. We ration water. Most of our infrastructure have lived their useful lives, and at the end of the day, most of it needs to be replaced. And we have had constant breakdowns of machines and pumps.
And so it's our plan that once we have some of these technical issues reckoned with or so, we will be able to get water to Monrovia in its entirety.
TECEE BOLEY: How soon do we expect to see. . .
NORTU JAPPAH: I would assume that probably just by the end of the year.
STEVE SAPIENZA: As proof the government was on target, Mr. Jappah cited a recent project.
NORTU JAPPAH: For the past 21 years, there has not been water on the Somalia Drive area. Just recently, the president and I, we dedicated or opened the first water main since 1990, so people along the Somalia Drive now have pipe-borne water.
STEVE SAPIENZA: Curious to see if rhetoric matched reality, Tecee left the interview and went straight to Somalia Drive. After several hours of fruitless searching, she found no evidence of water flowing from city pipes to local taps.
TECEE BOLEY: Since the war, it only came once.
Tecee did find a local man profiting from the water shortage by reselling bags of water. But he also had seen no proof the city was pumping water to his neighborhood.
MAN: Before the war, there was water all around here, but now we don't know what is the problem.
STEVE SAPIENZA: Kulah Borbor fled heavy fighting in the interior during Liberia's civil war and came to West Point, one of Monrovia's largest slums. She arrived with her husband and four young children, only to face another battle.
KULAH BORBOR, Liberia: When we get here, we started drinking good water. It went bad with a bug that hit our stomach, so he didn't make it.
STEVE SAPIENZA: When cholera took Kulah's husband, she thought about going back to her village. But she stayed, and now teaches her neighbors how to purify water and prevent deadly diarrhea in infants. This is lifesaving knowledge in a slum of 60,000 people, where most residents buy suspect water from vendors or fetch water from dirty wells.
TECEE BOLEY: How do you feel when you save someone's life with that solution you made there?
KULAH BORBOR: I feel happy because I don't want people to be like me. So, I feel happy, because when I lose my husband, I suffer with my children.
TECEE BOLEY: And the president said that there are water supply to a community like West Point. And, clearly, we went to West Point. There is no pipe water there. There's no pipe water. The people in West Point will have to buy the five-gallon container of water.
STEVE SAPIENZA: Unfortunately, the rising urban population and waterborne illnesses are spreading faster than city pipes.
TECEE BOLEY: Some of these people who work in government, they have people who are working under them in the various departments. They come back and paint a picture like everything is fine. And, actually, they are not fine. I think the bosses themselves have to go on the field and see the reality.
STEVE SAPIENZA: Tecee's reporting exposes the gap between the Liberian government's claim it has addressed critical water problems, and the actual conditions faced by Monrovia's residents.
Until the government solves the problems, many more Liberians who fled the war, leaving towns and villages behind, risk losing their lives to a new foe: unsafe water.
GWEN IFILL: You can learn more about West Africa's struggles to get access to safe drinking water. There's a link to the Pulitzer Center's stories on our website.
Last Friday five scientists were fired from the EPA Board of Scientific Counsellors. The 18-member board analyzes EPA researches in order to set energy policy and regulation.
EPA chief Scott Pruitt indicated that the firings were an intentional strategy to realign the massive, bloated agency.
“The administration believes we should have people on this board who understand the impact of regulations on the regulated community.”
President Trump has been open about his desire to reduce the near unlimited power of the EPA and the control an unelected body of bureaucrats over American homes and businesses.
As a result, he has been accused of being a “science denier” by the crowd that wants us all to believe that gender is all in the mind.
Conservatives and Republican politicians have long been opposed to allowing scientists who depend on lucrative government research grants to analyze research and dictate energy policy. The EPA board has often been accused of “massaging” results to maximize grant access and the public funds available.
This is not the first move the EPA has made toward deregulation since Trump's election. They recently reversed a ban on chlorpyrifos, a common and effective pesticide used by farmers. The Obama administration originally proposed the ban in 2015, but upon his appointment chief Scott Pruitt decided not to enact the ban, citing lack of compelling evidence of it's dangers and the negative impact the ban would have on agricultural producers.
Speaking before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee yesterday, Secretary of State John Kerry shrugged off Iranian military involvement in Iraq. Responding to senators' concern regarding recent Iranian airstrikes, Kerry reportedly said: “Iraq is 80 percent Shi‘a. There are interests.”
With all due respect to Mr. Kerry, his comments reflect ignorance of Iranian behavior, Iraqi Shi‘ites, and religious freedom. That the Islamic Republic is the only protector of Shi‘ites around the globe has long been a staple of Iranian propaganda. But the concept of clerical rule imposed by Ayatollah Khomeini (and subsequently by his stepchild, Hezbollah in Lebanon) has long been an outlier among traditional Shi‘ites because it violates the separation of mosque and state at the heart of traditional Shi‘ism.
In short, ordinary Shi‘ites believe that the religious authority to follow is an individual, personal decision and not a state decision. Theologically, mainstream Shi‘ism teaches that only with the re-emergence of the Mahdi, Shi‘ism's messianic figure, will there be perfect, incorruptible, Islamic government on earth. Therefore, until his return, government is by definition imperfect, corrupt, and un-Islamic, whatever the claims of the politicians who lead it. Khomeini turned this on its head, effectively arguing that the Prophet Muhammad didn't separate religion and state, so neither would he and that Shi‘ite religious figures could act as the Mahdi's deputy. Most Shi‘ite religious leaders don't accept Khomeini and Khamenei's view, however, nor do most individuals, either in Iran or outside it.
Independent Shi‘ism is, more than political reformism or anything emerging from the amorphous Green Movement, the true Achilles' heel for the Iranian regime. It created militias like the Badr Corps and Jaysh al-Mahdi not simply to fight Americans, but rather to impose through force of arms and intimidation what is not in the hearts and minds of ordinary Iraqi Shi‘ites. Here's the basic problem for the Iranian leadership. As supreme leader, Ali Khamenei claims to be the deputy of the Messiah on Earth. Khamenei's religious credentials are greatly exaggerated, however, and every time he has sought to put himself forward as the chief source of emulation for the Islamic world, for example after the death of Grand Ayatollah Araki in 1994, he has been laughed off the stage, and subsequently withdrew his name to save face.
Earlier this year, my colleague Ahmad Majidyar and I published a short monograph based on travel and interviews which surveyed all the Shi‘ite communities surrounding Iran, and examining the nuanced and diverse strategies each of these communities embraced to maintain their own independence from Iranian attempts to speak and act on their behalf (and AEI produced a short video for its launch, here). Iraqi Shi‘ites have struggled to preserve and protect the religious independence of both Najaf and Karbala from those in Tehran who would seek to speak on their behalf. The Iranian government surely pressures Iraq to do its bidding, a job made all the easier by the American withdrawal. But Iraqi Shi‘ites don't want to be Iranian puppets, and never have. During the Iran-Iraq War, the Iraqi Shi‘ites did most of the fighting; they didn't defect en masse just because Khomeini claimed to be the voice of the Shi‘ites. In 2013, the governor of Basra inaugurated a new bridge (built with U.S. money) over the Shatt al-Arab. It was no coincidence that he chose to inaugurate it with a fireworks display on the anniversary of Khomeini's death. The implication was clear: even Iraqi Shi'ites celebrate on a day when the Islamic Republic officially mourns.
Iran may want to defeat the Islamic State, but they do nothing altruistically. Once they enter Iraq, they will not leave simply because they cannot afford to have any Iraqi ayatollah resident in Najaf or Karbala contradict the word of the supreme leader. How ironic it is that President Obama and Secretary of State Kerry defer so much more to the Iranians than even Iraqi Shi‘ites do. And how sad it is that the United States continues to treat religious freedom in the Middle East, whether practiced by Jews, Christians, or Shi‘ite Muslims, so cavalierly. Make no mistake: the Iranian regime isn't the protector of the Shi‘ites; it is among their chief oppressors.
Vancouver police are asking players of Pokémon Go to "PokémonStop," at least while they're driving.
In a span of two days, officers issued six tickets to distracted drivers, saying they were caught playing the popular cellphone game behind the wheel.
Pokémon Go uses the camera on your smartphone to combine the world of the game with the area people are actually living and working in. Players have to travel to real locations to capture Pokémon characters with their phones.
Officers said they've been able to catch the drivers because they're often stopped in traffic in areas flagged in the game as virtual Pokémon hunting grounds.
"Pokémon Go is presenting a new set of challenges as police have started watching for drivers playing the game," Vancouver Police Const. Anne-Marie Clark told CTV News.
"You may be looking for a Pokémon, we're looking for Pokédrivers."
The Vancouver PD also took to social media with a similar message: "#PokemonStop #PokeCop gets them all!"
#PokemonStop #PokeCop gets them all!! In 2 days officer hands out 6 cell phone tickets to drivers playing the game. pic.twitter.com/A2YEvXnn8O — @VPDTraffic (@VPDTrafficUnit) July 25, 2016
Drivers caught using their phones, or being otherwise distracted while driving, can face fines of $368 and four demerit points.
Vancouver-area police have issued warnings previously, noting that players are often so wrapped up in the game that they're not paying attention to their surroundings. In Richmond, RCMP warned players to be careful when wandering around at night.
Delta police issued a warning after a 19-year-old was sexually assaulted by a man she met online. Investigators said she'd arranged to meet up with him to play the game in Annieville Park.
Other areas of B.C., including a hospice for the terminally ill, a community garden and a Hells Angels clubhouse have issued statements asking players to stay off the property.
Two Canadian teens were taken into custody after illegally crossing the U.S. border while engrossed in the game.
The game's popularity has spawned a new cottage industry in B.C.: game chauffeurs. For an hourly charge, the chauffeurs will drive gamers and their friends to help catch more Pokémon.
Submitted on Tue, 09/21/2010 - 1:52am
Sandwich Workers Union Keeps the Pressure on as Unprecedented Union Election Approaches
MINNEAPOLIS– Jimmy John's workers were doing more than preparing french bread, cold cuts, and sliced tomatoes for “Dollar Sub Day” this morning as union members and supporters hit the bricks outside stores, asking customers to put up tip jars and use them.
The act of civil disobedience is meant to draw attention to a company policy that forbids tip jars, despite the fact that it costs nothing.
Union members say the action supports their goal of shifting power back to the workers. “We think having customers act in solidarity by putting up tip jars will give workers a glimpse of a better workplace, and a few more dollars in their pockets on one of the most hectic days” says Max Specktor, a bike delivery driver at multiple Jimmy John's stores.
Workers will receive the same wages on Dollar Sandwich Day, though business (and effort needed to pump out sandwiches) will be fourfold. Tips can help compensate for this extra hard work to promote the company, since the amount of tips is related to the number of customers on a given day.
Despite making hundreds of sandwiches each day, workers are not entitled to a free sandwich unless they work a 7 hour shift, a rarity for a company with standard shifts of 2-4 hours. Today, Jimmy Johns workers will be asked to pay $2.50 for a $1 sandwich, and will not have tips to cover the difference.
“Respect is a core issue at Jimmy John's, and what we are fighting to regain,” says David Boehnke, an in-shop worker at the Skyway Jimmy John's store in downtown Minneapolis. “While tip jars and free sandwiches may not seem like a big deal, to come in, make $15-25 working all lunch, make no tips, clean up, and go home hungry—this is not something that connotes respect.”
The Jimmy John's Workers Union, made up of workers at all 9 Minneapolis franchise locations, filed for an unprecedented union election Monday. They say they will continue to build pressure until the owners Mike and Rob Mulligan cede to their demands, and until fast food and service workers everywhere get the respect and dignity they deserve.
Story highlights Four children were killed in a teen suicide bombing on September 8
They included Khorshid Hawa, 14 and her sister Parwana who was just ten
Naweed Tanha, 17, tells of the moment the bomber attacked
Most of the children were members of Skateistan, a charity for street kids
On a road jammed with traffic in Kabul is a hospital behind very high walls. There's a security checkpoint at the gate and once inside, the guards search all belongings -- checking every bag, opening every zipper and looking through the lens of our TV camera to make sure it's not a bomb.
Inside the compound are single storey buildings clad in white paint. Cement pathways connect the low-rise structures that pave their way through a mini oasis. Trees and garden beds surround the complex. Brightly colored flowers sprout from the earth -- a stark contrast from the dry, dusty, arid landscape outside these four high walls. Vines grow up a patio awning where patients sit taking respite -- recovering from their injuries, all sustained through war.
This is the Emergency Hospital -- an Italian-run facility funded by private donors. It treats only victims of the war in Afghanistan -- civilians and the Taliban alike. The hospital had its busiest month in August 2012 with casualties reaching the highest levels since this war began almost 12 years ago.
Recovering in one of the wards is 17-year-old Naweed Tanha. He was badly injured on September 8 when a teenage suicide bomber blew himself up outside ISAF Headquarters in Kabul. It was the 55th suicide bombing in Afghanistan this year. "We were all selling bracelets in that place," explains Naweed, quietly sitting on a bench outside, happy to get out of the crammed hospital ward. His right hand is thickly bandaged after the explosion tore a chunk off his palm. His legs and back were also badly injured after being flung ten meters by the force of the blast.
"I was with my friends -- we're all poor, innocent people. I was a few meters away getting some water from the nearby water hand pump and as I was returning the bang happened," Naweed says.
JUST WATCHED Kids killed in Afghan suicide attack Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Kids killed in Afghan suicide attack 02:21
"By the time I opened my eyes I saw myself injured and saw bodies of my other friends laying on the ground. I started crying and running towards them when police stopped me. They put me in a car and brought me here to the hospital. "
JUST WATCHED The Afghan war: When friends are enemies Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The Afghan war: When friends are enemies 03:05
Four were killed in the blast, including 14-year-old Khorshid Hawa and her 10-year-old sister Parwana. "I am so upset for losing my friends," says Naweed, his eyes dark, his pupils bloodshot from crying. But he has no more tears to shed -- just hurt and anger oozes from his body. "What kind of people would do this? Why are they continuing to do this? It is ruining our country and our future."
JUST WATCHED Two attacks kill six NATO troops Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Two attacks kill six NATO troops 02:38
Most of the kids were members of Skateistan -- a charity that teaches street kids how to skateboard while providing them with an education. They'd sell their wares in the morning, hustling bracelets, chewing gum and water to foreigners entering the heavily fortified ISAF compound. They'd then go off to school in the afternoon in an attempt to break this cycle of poverty.
James Herzog, an American music teacher at the Afghanistan National Institute of Music, used to hang out with Khorshid and her gang of skateboarding friends on the weekend. "She was strong and witty and full of edgy comebacks," he says with a sad smile on his face.
"She could stand up to any of the other street kid bullies and was always protecting the younger girls on the street. I loved spending my weekend afternoons with her and despite seeing her position in this life, I always left feeling extremely positive about this world."
James lived just around the corner from the blast -- he arrived on the scene shortly after witnessing the carnage. The bodies of his young friends had been taken away but pools of blood covered the footpath next to one of Khorshid's chalk drawings on the pavement.
JUST WATCHED The risk of fleeing Afghanistan Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The risk of fleeing Afghanistan 03:13
"She never ever asked me for money and rarely tried to sell me any trinkets. She usually wanted to practice English, and I often quizzed her little sister with multiplication questions. I loved the moments when I could convince Khorshid to sing a folk song for me as an unofficial audition for the music school. At the end of every 'hang,' we would share an apple or Pepsi while she would draw little designs on the street or walls."
JUST WATCHED A daunting transition in Afghanistan Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH A daunting transition in Afghanistan 03:08
Paying tribute to his young Afghani friend, Herzog says she's left a huge imprint on his life. "Khorshid was one of those kids who sent life lessons back to the rest of the world through the foreigners who were lucky enough to know her. Her setting may have been a dusty street corner with occasional packs of aggressive dogs, nervous foreign soldiers, unforgiving barbed wire and concrete walls, but her beauty and positivity transcended all of it."
JUST WATCHED U.S. 'pauses' Afghan detainee transfer Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH U.S. 'pauses' Afghan detainee transfer 02:23
Back at the hospital, 15-year-old Mohammad Ilyas sits in a wheelchair -- both of legs are bandaged up. His mother has tied a piece of brightly colored material around his wrist as a good luck charm.
"We were close to the blast. I was very close to it -- almost two meters away. I didn't see the suicide bomber myself, but other people were saying that he was around 13 years old and he had a school bag too. After the explosion took place, I thought somebody had shot me in the leg but after I opened my eyes and saw my friends on the ground, I realized that it was an explosion.
"I saw their bodies. I saw the body flesh of the suicide bomber, which was spread every where -- only his legs were left lying on the ground."
Mohammad is about to undergo surgery on his legs. Doctors are telling him that he may never get full movement back, but the news doesn't seem to register. "I am very upset about losing my friends. I only remember them and I only think about them -- I don't care about my wounds."
"I was going to school for half a day and was spending half a day with them everyday. Whoever carried out the attack was a stupid person. They killed five of my friends who were the future of Afghanistan."
Washington Nationals third baseman Anthony Rendon. (Brad Mills/USA Today)
Washington Nationals infielder Anthony Rendon was the victim of a star-studded logjam at third base, preventing him from representing his team in Tuesday's All-Star Game. Nolan Arenado, the RBI leader at the break, won the fan vote and players voted in Jake Lamb as the backup, leaving Rendon without a roster spot.
But forget all-star nominations — it's time we start talking about Rendon as the league's most valuable player.
[These MLB teams are poised to run away with their divisions]
Rendon finished the first half batting .304 with 16 home runs and 54 RBI, creating runs at a rate that is 48 percent higher than average after adjusting for league and park effects (148 wRC+), the most among NL third basemen and tied for fourth highest among NL hitters with enough plate appearances to qualify for the batting title. Plus, he saved 17 runs per 150 innings through his fielding prowess, the most of any infielder this season.
The only other hitter in the NL entering the second half who produced as many wins above replacement as Rendon (4.1 fWAR) is Justin Turner. Paul Goldschmidt (4.0), teammate Bryce Harper (3.8), Joey Votto (3.8), Corey Seager (3.6), Nolan Arenado (2.9), Charlie Blackmon (2.7) and rookie sensation Cody Bellinger (2.3) — all given better odds than Rendon to be named NL MVP — have all been less valuable during the first half.
Yes, much of Rendon's value comes from his solid play at third base, but his batting and base running is worth 21.2 runs above average, fifth most in the league heading into the second half. And he makes pitchers work for their outs, requiring them to throw 4.5 pitches per plate appearance, second-most in the majors and tops in the NL. He also swings at very few pitches outside the strike zone (21 percent, third-lowest in the league), allowing him to get ahead in the count more, where he is batting .356 with a 1.256 OPS.
[Six stats that need to be retired from sports]
This all-around play has Rendon batting .293 with 25 home runs and 90 RBI, producing a 6.1 fWAR by the end of 2017 — the second-highest in the league behind Goldschmidt (6.2), per Dan Szymborski's ZiPS projections. Steamer projections have Rendon finishing third (6.2 fWAR) behind Harper (6.6) and Goldschmidt (6.3).
Finishing in the top three is key for any MVP candidate: Since 2008, eight of the nine eventual NL MVP winners have ranked No. 1 in FanGraphs' wins above replacement by season's end, the lone exception being Ryan Braun, who had the third-highest fWAR in 2011.
In sum, Rendon is the most valuable player in the league for a team that is among the most likely to win the World Series. If that doesn't make someone an MVP candidate, nothing does.
As you settle back into work, I am sure one of the more popular subjects around the water cooler will be last weekend's snowstorm. I had an interesting email exchange over the weekend with one of my fellow meteorologists concerning whether or not we should have called this storm a blizzard.
This is what meteorologists do. We love to talk about the details of what the models are showing before a storm and then recount what actually happened when it's over. I am incredibly fortunate to be able to chat with some of the best forecasters in the business and what's more, this region is lucky, because we have some of those forecasters working both in front of and behind the scenes of both the public and private sector.
Advertisement
It doesn't matter really if we gave it a name. The storm happened. It was windy, snowy, power went out, and some damage occurred along the coast. Nature doesn't care what we humans call the events she dishes up. The National Weather Service (NWS) is responsible for putting out warnings and watches to the general public; private originations don't take on that role. We, in the media, then disseminate the information from the NWS via radio, newspaper, TV, blogs, tweets etc. When the blizzard warning went out Thursday afternoon from the NWS, it meant blizzard conditions were likely to occur. By definition, a blizzard occurs when the following happens: winds reach a sustained speed or frequent gusts of 35 miles per hour at the same time the visibility is at or less than one-quarter mile due to snow or blowing snow. A blizzard could occur with 4 inches of snow or 40 inches, the amount of snow has nothing to do with the criteria. Here's where it gets interesting. Throughout the storm, virtually no official reporting station recorded a blizzard. There is conflicting information that a blizzard occurred in Falmouth, Massachusetts late in the evening Friday. That is the only official station that had close to blizzard conditions.
The reason what happened in Falmouth isn't clear is that weather information at the various stations comes from an Automated Surface Observing Station or ASOS. The ASOS in Falmouth showed the wind and the visibility fit the criteria for a blizzard, but the problem is it also said there was rain for one hour. ASOS is not perfect, so it may have been very wet snow and thus an official blizzard between 10:30 PM on Friday and 1:30 AM on Saturday.
So, let's assume a blizzard did occur in Falmouth. Based on the other ASOS from around the state we do know Boston, Worcester, Framingham, Fitchburg, Norwood, Marshfield and Lawrence did not have a blizzard. Based on meteorology, areas around those stations also did not have a blizzard. There is no ambiguity here, there was not a blizzard during this storm at any other official weather station besides possibly Falmouth, MA.
Many cities and towns along the coast of Maine and New Hampshire did have a blizzard. Since nature doesn't recognize state lines it's safe to assume parts of the north shore of Massachusetts, that do not have official observing stations, also met blizzard conditions. This was the exception, not the rule in our state. (the ASOS in Beverly also had reporting issues during the storm) While this is semantics, criteria and definitions matter. When you get a degree from an institution of higher education, there are certain criteria you must meet. If you don't satisfy all of the requirements, you don't get your degree. (although, some argue students should if they are close, but I digress to another discussion for another day) Degrees mean something and everyone has agreed on the criteria to earn such an honor. If we just use terms without any construct, we have no reference points to look back on history and there is no meaning behind our words.
What we did have, was a snowstorm . A snowstorm which came from a low pressure area moving up the coast. The track of this storm creates northeasterly winds and thus is also called a nor'easter. A name rightly attributed by mariners who certainly would rather not be caught in such a storm.
There are many weather phenomena we name and categorize. For example, the meteorological community decided a long time to define a heat wave in the northeast as three days in a row of 90 degrees or more. You might be miserable after three days of 87°F and high humidity, but according to the definition, it wasn't a heat wave. A hurricane is defined as a tropical system with wind speeds of 74 miles per hour or greater and so on. There is general agreement on these matters.
In addition to whether this was or was not a blizzard this weekend, another naming issue came up. This particular snowstorm was given a name by The Weather Channel (TWC), a private company, owned by NBC Universal, who this year decided, unilaterally, to name winter storms. TWC came up with their own set of criteria which were not part of any board, discussion, vetting process, or official research. While a private company has lots of leeway in how they operate, many of my colleagues and I are against such a move by TWC. While TWC will argue they did this is the name of informing the public, I argue it's a marketing ploy to create more hype around weather events and that is not something we need to increase. There are many of the top forecasters in the country at TWC and certainly they do an enormous service for the public, but naming winter storms without soliciting feedback from others in the meteorological community doesn't give those names any credibility.
There are names on which there is almost universal agreement. Since 1953, hurricanes have been given official names and today the World Meteorological Organization keeps a running list of names for each year's hurricanes. Even with decades of naming conventions, there is still an occasional controversy within in the industry. There are meteorologists who believe some storms are now named which wouldn't have been 20 years ago and therefore the statistics on named storms is skewed.
As complicated as a tropical system like a hurricane is, winter storms are exponentially more difficult to categorize. The impact from a winter storm is not only difficulty to define, it's much more subjective. I have seen more car accidents from a squall line of snow on a weekday afternoon, than an overnight snowstorm of 10 inches. According to TWC criteria, the former likely wouldn't get a name, but the latter would. As far as the name Nemo for our snowstorm, let's keep it as the name of the captain of the Nautilus or a whimsical Disney character.
It would be an accomplishment if those responsible for informing the public at the various media outlets would agree on following the same rules. This would allow us to then report the weather without commentary or using words like blizzard gratuitously. Lastly, while blizzard warnings were certainly issued and you did indeed shovel a lot of snow, for most of you, an actual blizzard never happened.
I'd love to hear from you. Please find me on Twitter at @growingwisdom and send me a question.
Advertisement
Gardening this week
This week I have a video on one of the easiest plants you can grow. The jade plant is one of those houseplants that is almost foolproof. Spend a few minutes learning more about this minimal care plant.
The DUP leader was born into the bloodiest era of the Troubles and was never going to back down over the border question
In an age of marginal political figures seizing centre stage, it is apt that the most powerful person in Britain this week was not the prime minister but Arlene Foster, a 47-year-old County Fermanagh solicitor and the first woman to lead Ian Paisley's staunchly loyalist Democratic Unionist party.
Until she torpedoed Theresa May's initial Brexit deal on Monday, Foster's most notable contribution to public life had been the spectacular mismanagement of a subsidy scheme for woodchip boilers that led to Northern Irish farmers being paid up to £1m to heat empty barns.
Even close allies thought she should have resigned over the embarrassing “cash for ash” farrago, which looks set to cost taxpayers £1bn. Her refusal brought the entire power-sharing executive tumbling down in January. But then Foster is nothing if not stubborn.
After June's general election, she and her band of 10 DUP MPs kept the nation waiting while she wrung £1bn out of Theresa May to prop up the Conservatives' parliamentary minority. Critics were aghast at the power being wielded by such a social conservative who opposes abortion and gay marriage. She is, one critic claimed, “quite out of her depth”. However, allies strongly disagree and, with the assistance of her deputy leader, the veteran negotiator Nigel Dodds MP, she seems to be playing her hand strongly right now.
In the early hours of Friday they extracted a further price from Downing Street in the form of a guarantee Northern Ireland would not be set adrift from the rest of the UK because of difficulties over the Irish border in the first phase of the Brexit agreement. Nigel Farage, another former marginal player, declared himself delighted at her “heroic role” when she pulled the rug from the deal on Monday.
Trade talks will not start until February at earliest, EU tells UK Read more
The politics of the border has always been fundamental to Foster. She is the daughter of a farmer and part-time police reservist in the border county of Fermanagh, where during the Troubles the IRA regularly murdered farmers.
“Growing up along the border marks her unionism,” said Tom Elliott, a former Ulster Unionist MP who knew Foster and her farming family. “Those at the edge of the union like Arlene are the ones that value the union more than say those in the east of the province.”
Foster was aged just eight when at 9.30pm one evening her father, John Kelly, went out to close the animals in for the night at their farm.
“I was in the kitchen and my mother was sitting on the edge of the table and she just froze when the gunshots went off,” she later recalled. “I didn't know what they were until my father came in on all fours crawling, with blood coming from his head.”
Her father had been shot in the head by the IRA but survived. The terrible thing, Foster later said, “knew one of his neighbours must have set him up”. The family were moved for their protection to a Belfast council house, where Foster hid under the bed covers at night in fear the terrorists would return.
Foster was born Arlene Isobel Kelly in 1970, just in time for the bloodiest era of the Troubles. Her parents had created a “very simple, happy, rural life” at their farm near Roslea, but in the first two years of her life nearly 500 people were killed in Northern Ireland.
A few years, after the attack on her father, came another near miss. While she was at Enniskillen Collegiate Grammar School for Girls she was almost killed in a bomb attack on a school bus driven by a part-time soldier in the British army's Ulster Defence Regiment. The girl she was sat next to almost died. It left Foster feeling “very bitter”, she later said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Britain's prime minister, Theresa May, poses for a picture with Democratic Unionist party (DUP) leader, Arlene Foster, at 10 Downing Street. Photograph: Daniel Leal-Olivas/AFP/Getty Images
Foster became the first person in her family to go to university and in her first days of studying law at Queen's in Belfast she joined the student Ulster Unionists Association. It became a key network from which many of today's DUP leaders would emerge.
Margaret Thatcher's signing of the Anglo-Irish agreement in 1985 had “wakened a sense of betrayal” in young unionists, recalled Peter Weir, Northern Ireland's former education minister who has known Foster since they met as law students in 1989. Unionists feared it was the beginning of the increasing influence of Dublin in the province.
“There was a belief you couldn't sit back and let events happen,” Weir said. “We were pitched into a position of minority status. If you are in that position and want to win you can't simply rely on showing up with a block vote. You have to out-organise, out-manoeuvre and out-think your opponent. It was a good training ground.”
In 1995, Foster married William Foster, now a police officer, and worked as a general solicitor in Enniskillen. They had three children, the youngest now 11 and the oldest 18. Foster became increasingly active in the Ulster Unionist party with the so-called “baby barrister” group of Queen's-educated lawyers, who were opposed to what would become the Good Friday agreement which was being backed by their party leader, David Trimble. Emotive issues such as prisoner release and the winding-up of the RUC were red lines.
Between 1998 and 2004, the group were thorns in Trimble's side as he sought to reconcile unionism with its historic enemies in the republican movement. Foster ended up defecting to the rival DUP alongside UUP MP Jeffrey Donaldson.
Both Martin McGuinness and Foster served as ministers in the Northern Ireland executive throughout its existence from 2007 to 2017. For the last two years she worked alongside the former IRA commander-turned Sinn Féin politician. She was first minister and he was deputy first minister. It was not always easy. When McGuinness died in March, it took a lot of “soul-searching” for her to attend his funeral. The former IRA commander had delivered an oration at the funeral of Séamus McElwaine, the man suspected of shooting her father.
Foster's brinkmanship this week can be seen as rooted in the “cut and thrust” and “nasty” brand of northern Irish politics from which she emerged.
“You need to be tough to get through that,” said Weir. “She can be tough with individuals who are against her as we saw this week. She is not someone who is easily cajoled or flattered.”
Her long experience in the detailed negotiations of Ulster politics also imbued in her “an awareness of the significance of language – not just what it says, but what it can lead to”, he said.
So it was never likely she would let pass Downing Street's ambiguous language on the border question about “regulatory alignment” between the Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland.
Quick guide Why is the Irish border a stumbling block for Brexit? Show Hide Counties and customs Inside the EU, both Ireland and Northern Ireland are part of the single market and customs union so share the same regulations and standards, allowing a soft or invisible border between the two.
Britain's exit from the EU – taking Northern Ireland with it – risks a return to a hard or policed border. The only way to avoid this post-Brexit is for regulations on both sides to remain more or less the same in key areas including food, animal welfare, medicines and product safety. Early drafts of the agreement Britain hoped to get signed off on Monday said there would be “no divergence” from EU rules that “support north-south cooperation”, later changed to “continued alignment” in a formulation that appeared to allow for subtle divergences. But it raised new questions about who would oversee it and how disputes might be resolved. It was also clearly still a step too far for the DUP. Photograph: Design Pics Inc/Design Pics RF
Foster remains a divisive figure. Earlier this year she compared republicans to “crocodiles” and during the general election she was heavily criticised for talking with Jackie McDonald, a leader of the loyalist paramilitary group, the UDA, while canvassing in south Belfast.
Her leadership of the DUP since 2015 has nevertheless cemented its transition into unionism's big tent. It had emerged in the early 1970s from Paisley's Christian Free Presbyterian church, which regarded the Pope as the anti-Christ and used its influence on district councils to lock up playgrounds on a Sunday. But Foster came from the mainstream Anglican Church of Ireland tradition and while the DUP has blocked gay marriage in Northern Ireland, the Rev Chris Hudson, who preaches at Belfast's All Soul's church, the spiritual home of LGBT Christians, believes “Arlene has many gay friends and is comfortable with the gay community”.
“She is in a party that has blocked gay equality but she is no homophobe,” he said.
Eoghan Harris, a southern Irish political strategist, met Foster this year and found her “humble and funny”.
“Like most cradle Catholics, I have an antenna for a Protestant bigot but I knew straight away that Arlene was no bigot,” he said. “Which is some moral achievement when you think she saw her own father bleeding on their kitchen floor after an IRA murder attempt.
“I told her the Irish language should not frighten unionists given the role played by Presbyterian scholars in keeping written Irish alive,” he said. “She listened carefully and shortly afterwards she visited a Roman Catholic school, spoke some Irish and tried to reach out. She got little thanks for her effort.”
Her performance this week is likely to win her greater applause from her allies.
Fremantle's future is in good hands with the club securing promising young players Alex Pearce and Lachie Weller until the end of the 2018 season.
Both extended their contracts for a further two years, after debuting in 2015.
Pearce played 13 games after breaking into the side in round six.
The 198cm key-position player is an exciting prospect for Fremantle in coming years.
Pearce, who is spending time with family and friends in his home state of Tasmania, said he is excited to stay.
“I've thoroughly enjoyed my time at Fremantle,” Pearce said.
“I've played some AFL games this year and that was really exciting but my focus is now on playing more in 2016.”
The 20-year-old missed the finals series due to shin soreness.
“I was disappointed not to play in the finals and that is a real driver for me over the pre-season,” he said.
“I want to continue to build my body and I'm always trying to improve.”
Weller played three games in 2015 and was a prolific ball-winner for Fremantle's partner club Peel Thunder in the WAFL.
The 19-year-old was the club's top pick at pick 13 in last year's NAB AFL Draft.
Weller said he was relieved to stay at Fremantle.
“I'm keen to head to into the pre-season with the certainty of staying at Fremantle,” he said.
“I've loved my time at the club.
“I can't wait to get into the pre-season and keep improving in every way.
“I'm still building my body and learning the physicality of AFL.”
Fremantle general manager of player management Brad Lloyd said it was a terrific result for the club to re-sign the pair.
“Alex showed last year he's more than capable at the highest level,” Lloyd said.
“He has great attributes for a young developing tall with his athletic ability and temperament.
“Lachie was our first pick last year and he is a quality young player.
“He has a very large running capacity and is highly skilled.
“We're looking forward to him continuing to develop.”
Fremantle's first to four year players return to the training track on Monday 23 November.
UPDATE: Anima2D is now free on the Asset Store!
At Unity, we are always looking for new ways to help our developers and provide them with the best tools possible. To that end, we are excited to announce that Anima2D, a popular skeletal animation software, will be available to the entire Unity developer community for free starting in January 2017! Along with this powerful tool, we welcome one of the asset creators, Sergi Valls, into our dedicated 2D team.
Improving the 2D creation experience
We're committed to the goal of democratizing development and Anima2D will be an important part of improving our toolset and workflow for developers who are focused on the 2D space. Anima2D's unique approach to 2D animation and 2D character tools combined with Sergi's experience will be a pivotal part of this effort.
Anima2D features
2D Bones
Sprite to mesh conversion
SpriteMesh Editor
Automatic weights
Weight Editor
Inverse Kinematics
Save / Load Poses
Atlas compatible
Bake Animation to Bones
Onion Skin
Create Avatar Masks
Working with Unity
In an effort to further improve the asset, we will be temporarily taking Anima2D off the asset store for the month of December. It will be relaunched in January free to the Unity community with revised documentation and essential support to continue helping developers create the best projects possible. We're doing this because we believe in its value and want you to be able to use Anima2D to the fullest extent possible.
For full documentation on the asset, reference the Anima2D User Guide.
We'd like to thank Joaquim Virgili and Sergi Valls from Mandarina Games for bringing Anima2D to the Unity developer community!
Claims that "rogue" Special Air Service (SAS) soldiers killed unarmed Afghan civilians in cold blood and attempted to cover up the evidence should be probed in an independent inquiry, British Opposition Leader Jeremy Corbyn says.
He said there was a risk the British armed forces' reputation for decency and bravery would be undermined unless the claims in the Sunday Times were investigated.
According to the newspaper, which quoted senior military police and defence sources, there is "strong evidence" SAS personnel killed rather than captured unarmed Afghan civilians who were suspected of being Taliban insurgents during night raids on their homes.
The allegations emerged in Operation Northmoor, a Royal Military Police (RMP) investigation, the Sunday Times reported.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) said the RMP found no evidence of criminal behaviour by British armed forces in Afghanistan to date.
In February, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon announced 90 per cent of the probe's misconduct cases involving British troops who served in Afghanistan were to be dropped, amid controversy over a discredited probe into Iraq war veterans.
Commenting on the claims, Corbyn said: "The allegations of unlawful killings and war crimes in Afghanistan are extremely serious and must be fully investigated.
"Our armed forces have a reputation for decency and bravery. If we do not act on such shocking allegations we risk undermining that reputation, our security at home and the safety of those serving in the armed forces abroad."
Corbyn said there could be no question of a cover-up and the government must establish an independent inquiry into the claims.
A Ministry of Defence spokesman said the Royal Military Police had found no evidence of criminal behaviour by the armed forces in Afghanistan but where allegations were raised it was right they were investigated.
Keke Palmer isn't done Scream-ing just yet.
The actress, who starred as sorority girl-turned-doctor Zayday Williams in both seasons of Ryan Murphy's Scream Queens on Fox, will headline MTV's “reboot” of its horror franchise, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
Palmer will play Kym, a social activist with “zero patience for suffering fools.” (Especially fools who try to kill her and her friends.)
And Palmer isn't the only new addition to the cast. RJ Cyler (Power Rangers) will star as Deion Elliot, a football star whose sordid past comes back to haunt him and his friends; Giorgia Whigham (13 Reasons Why) will play Beth, a goth girl with a love of horror movies; Jessica Sula (Recovery Road) will play new-girl Liv, who quickly develops a relationship with Deion; and Giullian Yao Gioiello (Julie's Greenroom) will play Manny, an intelligent, openly gay student.
These actors join previously announced cast members Tyga and C.J. Wallace. A premiere date for Scream‘s third season — which will not be connected to the first two — has yet to be announced.
Your thoughts on all these new additions? Drop 'em in a comment below.
The Republican National Committee had some strong talk about their chances next week in the Wisconsin recall and what a victory for Gov. Scott Walker would mean for their state's going red in November.
"Certainly [if] Wisconsin goes red, I think it's lights out for Barack Obama," said RNC Chairman and Wisconsinite Reince Priebus on Wednesday.
This is on the heels of a new Marquette University Law School poll showing Walker over Milwaukee mayor Tom Barrett by 7 points, 52% to 45%.
Despite their tough talk, it's not so cut and dry that a Walker win would automatically mean an Obama loss. The same survey also shows President Obama over Mitt Romney 51% to 43%.
The RNC said they have made "over two million voter contacts" and identified "nearly every Wisconsin voter" ahead of Tuesday's vote, on a conference call the committee held Wednesday. That date will then in turn be quickly used for get-out-the-vote efforts ahead of November.
They also rolled out a partnership with their state parties to mobilize volunteers and activists from Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Michigan and Minnesota to make phone calls or travel to Wisconsin ahead of Tuesday. The chairman even said he doesn't think there is another state in the country where the party "both nationally and locally know more about voters than the state of Wisconsin."
The RNC stressed they are ready to quickly pivot to the general election after Tuesday. Aides say they have opened up 20 field offices that will be used to try and retain Walker as governor through Tuesday, but will quickly move to focus on Romney.
"One thing is really clear here, if Walker wins here next Tuesday, which we are very confident he will, Obama is going to have a much tougher road ahead in Wisconsin this fall," Priebus said. "Clearly putting Wisconsin in the red column for the first time since 1984 is a pretty big deal."
This comes on the same day Democratic National Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz visited Wisconsin to campaign with Barrett. According to the Milwaukee Wisconsin Journal Sentinel she said the party was "putting all of our effort into this fight."
"Scott Walker has worked hard to make sure that people think that he's the rock star of the right-wing tea-party extremism that the Republican Party has allowed to take them over," Wasserman Schultz said. "And that is not what voters in Wisconsin want to see happen."
On Sunday, Wasserman Schultz said just how important the recall is, calling it a "dry run" for the presidential election.
"And so what I think the implications will be, is that ultimately I think Tom Barrett will pull this out, but regardless it has given the Obama for America operation an opportunity to do … the dry run that we need of our massive, significant, dynamic grassroots presidential campaign, which can't really be matched by the Romney campaign or the Republicans because they've ignored on-the-ground operations," Wasserman Schultz told CNN's Candy Crowley.
Despite a strengthening national economy, President Donald J. Trump's just-released budget proposal paints a bleak picture for anyone aspiring to earn a college degree, build a successful career, and realize the American Dream.
Not only does it propose a staggering $150 billion in federal cuts to financial aid programs, practically obliterating programs that have made college access possible for hundreds of millions of young people from middle and lower income families.
The number and scope of education programs affected is startling and the impact students, prospective students, and the schools themselves will feel if these cuts are adopted is devastating.
ADVERTISEMENT
Among the most alarming aspects of the budget package are a
13.6 percent cut in Department of Education funding
, a
nearly 20 percent reduction for the National Institutes of Health
, the largest federal funder of biomedical research, and
elimination of the Perkins Loan program
, subsidized federal loans and the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program.
The underlying message of President Trump's first Executive Budget is clear: The federal government is no longer interested in helping young people finance a college degree as they seek to build a bright and prosperous future.
Instead, the Trump administration seeks to shift this critical responsibility to the states, which can ill afford such a fiscal burden, and to students themselves, forcing them to mortgage their futures for decades.
If Trump is truly committed to making America great again, he would be wise not to cut funding for our future leaders – today's college students.
The cost of a quality education remains a strategic and worthwhile investment, but for the majority of young people who want a degree it's a significant expense that requires they leverage all available institutional aid, scholarship opportunities and federal financial aid.
Many must also take on part-time and even full-time employment while carrying a full-time course load. The President's proposal to eliminate financial aid options that have served as an essential lifeline for so many middle and lower income students shocks the conscience and needlessly imposes a burden that is beyond reason.
In pressing such a draconian measure, Trump's administration is forcing an impossible choice on young people seeking a better life through higher education: Assume a formidable financial burden that will follow them for decades or give up the dream of a college education altogether. In order to make America great again, the Trump administration must not only create jobs, it must also ensure a continuing source of individuals qualified to fill these positions.
The only way it can achieve this is through continued federal support of grants, subsidies, funded work study, low or no interest loans, loan forgiveness, and other proven assistance programs.
In gutting essential financial aid initiatives, the Trump Administration would stifle opportunity and create obstacles for those seeking a college degree.
Our nation was founded on a fundamental belief that the American Dream is open to anyone willing to invest the time and effort, and supported by a government that wants its people to succeed.
In implementing cuts to education as proposed in President Trump's 2018 Executive Budget, the federal government would reverse course on a national philosophy that has fueled the economic primacy of the United States and the success of American business leaders and innovators for more than 200 years.
College graduates are as vital to ensuring our national economic health and securing the promise of a vibrant future as the quality, high-paying jobs higher education prepares them to fill.
If the president does not uphold America's commitment to its students, colleges and universities, it falls upon Congress to reverse these untenable cuts, restore essential financial aid programs, and ensure college access for our nation's youth.
Stephen J. Friedman is the president of Pace University in New York.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
Bitrix24
Bitrix24 is probably the best new Gantt chart tool to appear within the last two years. The best thing I like about it is the fact that Bitrix24 is a project management for regular folks, not just geeks. Bitrix24 is a good choice if your team is 12 people or fewer (Bitrix24 is free for 12 users, otherwise it's $99 for unlimited users) and if you want to have team communication and collaboration tools (like group and video chat, shared group calendars, file sharing and document management). And if you want to have a choice between online (cloud) and the self-hosted version that works on your server. If you opt for the latter (self-hosted version), you get API and the source code, so you can modify it and integrate with other tools, provided you have adequate PHP programming skills. Another supercool feature is Employee Workload Planning tool – great tool if you are using project management in order to coordinate how many hours should be spent on each task by a particular employee, freelancer or contractor. Employee Workload Planning shows how much time was actually spent vs planned so that you can calculate profit margin for each of your project. Mobile app is available for iOS and Android.
TaskJuggler
TaskJuggler is your choice if you are a project management buff who refuses to use anything but open source. TaskJuggler has a lot of functions that very few free PM solutions offer, like support for work shifts or usage based costs for resources. TaskJuggler supports different timezones as well – important if you outsource work to countries like India or Philippines. TaskJuggler works on PC, Linux and macOS. No online (cloud) version is available – a huge minus in my view. No mobile apps either.
Gantter
Gantter is popular with SmartApp and Google App users (as it works only with those two). It was created with a goal to provide Microsoft Project experience in the cloud and this mission has definitely been accomplished successfully. The best thing about Gantter in my view is Gantter VU (see what I did here) – their free mobile app. Gantter definitely deserves more of your attention, if you run your business on Google Apps – read this review to get a better idea what it can do for you business.
TeamGantt
TeamGantt is another good cloud only option with project management done right. Two things caught my attention – ability to build Gantt charts with Drag'n'Drop and email integration. Things I did not like about it is the fact that the number of project is limited for each plan (all the other solutions mentioned come with unlimited number of projects).
GanttPV
The main appeal for GanttPV is the fact that it's based on Python. This is an ubergeek tool. For example, in order to create charts, you use scripts and command style inputs. People tend to love or hate GanttPV based on how much or little coding skills they have. It's definitely worth your attention if you program in Python. This is not run-of-the-mill project management solution.
Category: Uncategorized
The latest technique used by conservatives to silence liberal academics is to demand copies of e-mails and other documents. Attorney General Kenneth Cuccinelli of Virginia tried it last year with a climate-change scientist, and now the Wisconsin Republican Party is doing it to a distinguished historian who dared to criticize the state's new union-busting law. These demands not only abuse academic freedom, but make the instigators look like petty and medieval inquisitors.
The historian, William Cronon, is the Frederick Jackson Turner and Vilas research professor of history, geography and environmental studies at the University of Wisconsin, and was recently elected president of the American Historical Association. Earlier this month, he was asked to write an Op-Ed article for The Times on the historical context of Gov. Scott Walker's effort to strip public-employee unions of bargaining rights. While researching the subject, he posted on his blog several critical observations about the powerful network of conservatives working to undermine union rights and disenfranchise Democratic voters in many states.
In particular, he pointed to the American Legislative Exchange Council, a conservative group backed by business interests that circulates draft legislation in every state capital, much of it similar to the Wisconsin law, and all of it unmatched by the left. Two days later, the state Republican Party filed a freedom-of-information request with the university, demanding all of his e-mails containing the words “Republican,” “Scott Walker,” “union,” “rally,” and other such incendiary terms. (The Op-Ed article appeared five days after that.)
The party refuses to say why it wants the messages; Mr. Cronon believes it is hoping to find that he is supporting the recall of Republican state senators, which would be against university policy and which he denies. This is a clear attempt to punish a critic and make other academics think twice before using the freedom of the American university to conduct legitimate research.
Professors are not just ordinary state employees. As J. Harvie Wilkinson III, a conservative federal judge on the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals, noted in a similar case, state university faculty members are “employed professionally to test ideas and propose solutions, to deepen knowledge and refresh perspectives.” A political fishing expedition through a professor's files would make it substantially harder to conduct research and communicate openly with colleagues. And it makes the Republican Party appear both vengeful and ridiculous.
Torg Eternity Preview #1 – Updating a Classic
Welcome to the first of a series of previews highlighting changes in Torg Eternity from the original Torg RPG (as well as some things we specifically didn't change). These previews will discuss changes to the rules and the lore in order to give the game a streamlined and modern treatment.
First up, we don't expect folks to like everything that we've changed or left as-is. What we hope though, is that you'll find enough to like. Some of the rules changes may at first seem odd, but hopefully once you see them in play, you'll see why we did things this way.
Updating the Rules
We had four core principles with regards to updating the rules.
The rules must be easily identifiable as being Torg. The resolution of actions must be fast and easy Reduce the number of sub-systems while keeping the Torg flavor. Changes must provide benefits. No changes for the sake of change.
Balancing these principles was not easy. We experimented with different ideas, different systems, and eventually hammered out a rule set we think meets each of those goals.
Some things we knew for sure we needed to keep, in order to keep it feeling like Torg.
An ‘Eternity shard' d20 core die (That's right! It's coming back!)
The Drama Deck.
Possibilities.
The logarithmic scale.
Interaction Attacks and Approved Actions.
The Core Mechanic
The core mechanic for Torg Eternity is the same as it originally was: roll a d20, re-roll and add on 10s and 20s, then compare the result to a bonus chart. We did investigate eliminating the bonus chart, but the knots we tied ourselves into trying to keep the rest of the rules looking like Torg were too much. Getting rid of the bonus chart (while keeping the d20) would have made the game completely different.
Mishaps
We now standardize rolls of 1 (and occasionally larger ranges) as a Mishap, with result in various effects such as disconnection and weapons malfunctions.
Success Levels
There is no action total and effect total, just the total, which you compare to a Difficulty Number (DN). You don't have to remember what bonus you rolled as you resolve your action. There are only three success levels: Standard (equal to the DN), Good (DN+5), and Outstanding (DN+10). The exact amount you succeed by doesn't matter, only those ranges. It's quick and easy to determine how well you succeeded in an action.
Many actions, spells, miracles, and psionic powers have more powerful effects on Good or Outstanding results. If you get a Good result when attacking, you get to roll a bonus die (two on an outstanding hit).
The Bonus Die
The bonus die is a d6, and gives a bonus to damage equal to the roll, and this die explodes too! On a roll of 6 (or the eternity symbol on the custom ‘Eternity shard' d6), it counts as a 5 and you roll again and add, continuing until the die no longer explodes.
We realize that this will likely be the main controversial new mechanic, but we've found that it's quick and it works. Plus, exploding dice are fun!
It's the combination of the quick and easy resolution of actions via only three success levels combined with the bonus die that allows us to keep the bonus chart and not have it too unwieldly.
Do You Want to Know More?
If you'd like to discuss this preview on our forums, just head here, where Dean will elaborate some more.
Most everyone at the Supreme Court on Tuesday agreed that the First Amendment protects a public employee in a non-political job from being fired or demoted for supporting a political candidate.
But in a case alternatively described as “bizarre” and more “like a law school hypothetical,” the question was what happens when the boss retaliates against an employee on the mistaken belief that the employee has asserted such support.
By the end of the hour-long argument, it seemed clear that Paterson, N.J., police officer Jeffrey Heffernan would have had a better case if he had endorsed his friend running for mayor rather than maintained his neutrality.
“The First Amendment talks about abridging freedom of speech, and I thought the case came to us on the proposition that he wasn't engaging in speech at all,” Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. said, adding: “I'm not sure how he can say his freedom of speech has been abridged.”
On the other hand, Justice Elena Kagan warned that such a reading would be a threat to “every couch potato out there” — politically agnostic or uninterested government workers who might have no constitutional protection if their bosses set out to replace them with workers with more aligned political views.
“If somebody had come in to me before today's argument and just said ‘Does the First Amendment prevent the government from punishing a person because that person does not share the government's views?,' I would have said, ‘Why, yes, of course the First Amendment protects that,' ” Kagan told lawyer Thomas C. Goldstein, who was representing the city of Paterson.
“Now you're telling me, no, the First Amendment does not prevent the government from punishing a person because that person doesn't share the government's views, unless that person is actively opposed to the government's views.”
Even Goldstein acknowledged that Heffernan presented a “very sympathetic claim.”
He was a detective in the police department, assigned to a division headed by the police chief. His boss supported the incumbent mayor in the 2006 election; Heffernan was a close friend of former police chief Lawrence Spagnola, who was the challenger.
One day, while on his own time, Heffernan was observed by another officer picking up a yard sign at the Spagnola campaign headquarters. The sign was not for him, Heffernan explained later, but for his bed­ridden mother (Heffernan didn't even live in Paterson and was ineligible to vote.)
Nevertheless, Heffernan was demoted to patrol officer the next day and told it was because of his “overt” involvement in a political campaign.
The case has bounced around lower courts for years — Heffernan won once, only to have the judgment overturned. Finally, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit ruled that Heffernan could not receive damages for a First Amendment violation when he had not actually exercised First Amendment rights.
The court's conservatives seemed to agree that Heffernan might have a legitimate beef but that he could not make a constitutional case out of it.
Justice Antonin Scalia was among the most outspoken. “The First Amendment guarantees the right to freedom of speech and freedom of association,” Scalia said. “Your client was neither speaking nor associating. So how could he possibly have a cause of action under the First Amendment?”
There might be statutes that protect against unfair retribution, Scalia said, “but there's no constitutional right not to be fired for the wrong reason, and that's what happened here.” (Actually, Heffernan was only demoted.)
The justices across the board expressed some irritation with Heffernan's attorney, Mark Frost of Philadelphia, when they asked whether there were New Jersey statutes that Heffernan could use to challenge his demotion.
But Frost insisted that Heffernan was right to assert his constitutional protections, saying “the fact that he actually was not engaged in any political activity should make no difference.”
The Obama administration agreed with Heffernan, and Assistant Solicitor General Ginger D. Anders defined the officer's rights this way: He “has a First Amendment right not to have adverse action taken against him by his employer for the unconstitutional purpose of suppressing disfavored political beliefs.”
Anders acknowledged that would be an expansion of what the court has previously recognized, but said it would not lead to a flood of new lawsuits. (The case did not touch on the Hatch Act, which limits the political activity of federal executive branch employees.)
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy seemed to have a different view of the issue the case presented.
“Would it be fair to the proposition that you are putting before the court to say that you're asserting the right to be free from government inquiry into an oversight of your views?” Kennedy asked, in one form or another, of all three lawyers.
Goldstein encouraged the justices to focus on the case in front of them: “He may have a state law right; he does have a collective-bargaining-agreement right, but he doesn't have a First Amendment right because he's not engaging in First Amendment-protected activity.”
But Justice Stephen G. Breyer said he was concerned that the demotion would chill the speech of others who might want to take a position. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said it defied common sense that a person who spoke out would be protected from demotion and one who did not would have no case.
Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr. said that Heffernan's case might be what the court likes to call a “one-off.”
“How often will it be the case that an employee will be unable to allege any expression or any association that is protected by the First Amendment?” he asked. “It seems to me quite rare.”
The case is Heffernan v. City of Paterson.
At rest, Mama Duck looks like a yellow omelet, 50-feet in diameter, according to her keeper. But after a go-round with fan blowers, the way-larger-than-life rubber ducky grows to 61 feet tall with a 75-foot span from wing to wing.
She is more than 11 tons of potentially jarring imagery, scheduled to bob along with the signature vessels at Tall Ships Duluth, which starts today and runs through Sunday on and near Lake Superior. The festival features tall ship tours, rides, live music and the Art in Bayfront Park art fair.
The idea of pairing boats with an oversized bath toy was born in a bar, said Craig Samborski, of Draw Events, the executive producer of Tall Ships Duluth. He was in Los Angeles, plotting the west coast version of the event in 2014, and Mama Duck was a dare from his partners, he said.
“In L.A., we go big or we go home,” Samborski recalled being heckled. “We think you should build the world's biggest rubber duck.”
And then there she was, dwarfing houseboats and speed boats with a sly, smiling beak during the August 2014 event. A Los Angeles Times headline from the festival: “Giant Rubber Duck makes a splash in Port of Los Angeles.” Since then, Mama Duck has appeared in Philadelphia, Long Island, Syracuse and Green Bay. After Duluth, she travels to Buffalo and Erie, Pa.
Crying fowl
Life hasn't been all bubble baths and kiddie singalongs for Mama Duck. She appeared, about a year ago, in Philadelphia magazine, in a story about Florentijn Hofman. The Dutch artist crafts duck designs for exhibitors who want a giant rubber duck at their event - including Samborski. But when the duck moved from Los Angeles to Philadelphia in 2014, Hofman said he hadn't been given permission, or cash, for the appearance.
That's because they didn't use his designs for their duck, Samborski said earlier this week. The artist's drawings were for a duck that was smaller than what he wanted, and the steel pontoon wasn't as stout and rugged as it would need to be.
It wouldn't work, Samborski said he was told by engineers. So he hired a new designer.
The World's Largest Rubber Duck, in its current version, was trademarked in June 2015 by Big Duck LLC, Samborski's company.
Hofman had hinted at legal action in the Philadelphia magazine article. But so far, nothing.
“I haven't heard anything since Philadelphia,” Samborski said.
Hofman did not return an email from the News Tribune by press time.
Just ducky
After retiring from more than 30 years at the Duluth Entertainment Convention Center, Bob Hom picked up a gig as a duck wrangler. He is one of the core crew members who travel around the country and inflate and deflate Mama Duck. He takes his job seriously.
He recently removed a Thorogood work boot to reveal painted yellow toenails from his last pedicure.
Assembling the duck is a two-day project, Hom said. First, they lift it onto the boat, then they blow it up using two large fan blowers.
“It's physical,” he said. “It either works or it doesn't. But if it doesn't, it breaks your heart.”
There have been some bumps for what is arguably the biggest bill of the Tall Ships lineup. A trip to Wilmington, Calif., was canceled in 2014 because of strong winds. Last year in Philadelphia, she was felled by weather and tears in the duck's vinyl.
Fun fact: There is a 6-foot zipper along the duck's keister, a point of entry.
“It looks a lot bigger,” Hom said of the rare vantage point. “It's a whole different perspective. It's like being in a greenhouse.”
The duck was scheduled to be fully inflated by midday Wednesday, according to Samborski, who did not want to reveal the duck's specific whereabouts.
Mama Duck's itinerary for today includes a photo shoot near the lift bridge and a spot in the Parade of Sail, which is scheduled for 1:30 p.m. She will be based at Bayfront Festival Park.
“I didn't anticipate she would be this popular,” Samborski said. “I kind of felt stupid the day after I said I'd do this. It (was either) going to be smart or stupid. I didn't anticipate how successful she would become.”
By By Kesavan Unnikrishnan Nov 25, 2015 in World Qatar's municipal council is planning to introduce family-only days at major shopping malls prohibiting blue-collar migrant workers from entering malls on the weekends. Nasser Ibrahim Mohamed Al Mohannadi , a member of CMC representing Al Khor region Qatar is a family-based society, and it is the right of families to have a day especially for them. Malls are not just for shopping but also for entertainment and family gatherings. Families are complaining that they cannot enter the big malls on weekends because of the huge number of labourers. Families suffer and we want to allocate one day, either Friday or Saturday. Qatar has more than 1.8 million foreign workers, mostly male, who constitutes 90 per cent of the population of the country. Most of them work on major infrastructure projects related to the 2022 World Cup. Human rights groups have been putting pressure on Qatar to improve conditions for the migrant workers employed in the Gulf state as part of the World Cup construction boom. A labourer from Nepal told The rule makes us feel like we're not human at all. It hurts us that we can't enjoy ourselves and be among people inside malls during the hot searing months. This policy makes us feel unwelcome in the country we are helping build. Qatar's municipal council is the country's advisory body, which can propose legislation and make a list of recommendations for change. The proposal, which will be voted on by CMC on December 1, has received criticism from many people of being “racially profiled” as the proposed law targets foreign workers who leave their families in their home countries.Nasser Ibrahim Mohamed Al Mohannadi , a member of CMC representing Al Khor region said Qatar has more than 1.8 million foreign workers, mostly male, who constitutes 90 per cent of the population of the country. Most of them work on major infrastructure projects related to the 2022 World Cup.Human rights groups have been putting pressure on Qatar to improve conditions for the migrant workers employed in the Gulf state as part of the World Cup construction boom.A labourer from Nepal told Al Bawaba news that the move will cause problems for people like him. More about Qatar, Mall, Family Qatar Mall Family
So, I got the best Santa EVAR (unfortunately, don't know his username). He got me this hideously adorable Uglydoll mug (which pretty much looks as awkward as I feel, 70% of the time). IT IS MOST EXCELLENT. Goes perfectly with my collection of strange mugs/things in general.
On top of that, he stalked my Amazon wishlist and saw the Agent Coulson Funko Pop Vinyl figure I had on it - and decided to get that for me, just 'cause! I have this growing obsession with Funko Pop Vinyl figures; I've acquired quite a few Walking Dead ones from the previous two Comic-Cons, and I'm just beginning to assemble my army of Marvel ones...starting with Agent Coulson! Embarrassingly excited about this.
--- HUGE thanks, Thomas! Your thoughtful gifts totally made my week!! You're the best :)
Sincerely, Betty (in perfectly sunny, not-at-all-humid California).
Angriberen Jan Kliments lejeaftale med Brøndby udløber ved udgangen af juni, men han ser gerne opholdet på Vestegnen forlænget.
23-årige Jan Kliment var i sidste sæson på leje i Brøndby fra Stuttgart. Lejeaftalen med vestegnsklubben udløber ved udgangen af juni og angriberen er således mødt ind til Alexander Zornigers hårde opstartsprogram efter sommerferien.
Der er ingen afklaring om Kliments fremtid endnu, men han håber selv, at opholdet i Brøndby kan blive forlænget.
– Jeg vil gerne blive her. Men det er ikke kun min beslutning. Det handler også om Stuttgart og Brøndby. Forhåbentlig ender det godt, så jeg kan blive, siger han til 3point.dk og fortsætter:
– Jeg har det bedre her, så jeg vil gerne blive. Jeg tror heller ikke Stuttgart vil have noget imod det, men jeg ved ikke noget om forhandlinger. Vi må se.
Tjekken føler også, at han har noget at bevise i Brøndby. Hans første sæson i klubben gik ikke helt efter planen, men han er opsat på at gøre det bedre, spille mere og hjælpe klubben.
– Min første sæson her kunne have været bedre. Jeg føler ikke, at jeg ‘completed the mission'. Så jeg skal blive her, score mål og kæmpe for Brøndby.
– Jeg håber, at jeg kan komme til at spille, score en masse mål, hjælpe Brøndby og mine holdkammerater. Vi skal have en god sæson, ligesom sidste. Måske endda bedre.
Tror du at du er i Brøndby den 1. juli?
– Ja, det tror jeg.
Jan Kliment er under kontrakt med Stuttgart til sommeren 2019.
In A Nutshell
SmartDNS is a service that unblocks streaming sites like Hulu, Netflix, BBC iPlayer, and any websites that are blocked based on your location. If you don't need to hide your IP or need to encrypt your internet connections, you may want to use a SmartDNS service instead of a VPN.
These are my recommended SmartDNS providers:
Overplay (fast connections, good customer support, you can cancel the service at any time and use your remaining paid time, $4.95 per month or $34 per year)
ibVPN (based in Europe, good reputation for privacy, $4.95 per month or $36.95 per year)
UnblockUS (designed to be very user friendly, great collection of set-up guides, free trial for one week with no credit card required, $4.99 per month, $59.88 per year)
Smart DNS Proxy (no payments for 14 days, 30-day money-back guarantee, $4.90 per month, $34.90 per year )
The Details
If you don't need to hide your IP or need to encrypt your internet connections, you may want to use a SmartDNS instead of a VPN. SmartDNS enables a computer and most other Internet-capable devices to access region-restricted or blocked content from anywhere in the world.
Connection speed tend to be faster than a full VPN because you are only changing your DNS settings to install SmartDNS . Unlike a VPN, there is no application to install and your IP address remains the same.
The other advantage of SmartDNS is that it can be used on any device that permits DNS changing such as iPad, AppleTV, Roku, Xbox and others. Note that note of these services will unblock Pandora's streaming service.
A smart DNS proxy can be installed and set up across an entire network of devices such as desktop computers, laptops, mobile smart phone devices, smart televisions, and Internet-capable gaming consoles, and is compatible with all mobile operating services including Android, Apple's iOS, Blackberry and Windows Phone.
Copyright by WTEN - All rights reserved
ALBANY, NY (NEWS10) - A 38-year-old Schenectady woman was arrested for driving while intoxicated after crashing into a marked Albany Police patrol car on Quail Street.
On Saturday at around 5:15pm, Dawn Brennan was traveling southbound on Quail Street near the intersection of Western Avenue when she crossed over into the northbound lane hitting a marked Albany Police patrol car that was stopped near the intersection.
Brennan displayed signs of intoxication, failed several field sobriety tests and was arrested for Driving While Intoxicated.
No injuries were reported during the incident. Brennan was charged with Driving While Intoxicated and Criminal Mischief 4th. She was also cited for Failure to Keep Right.
She is scheduled to appear Monday morning in Albany City Criminal Court.
Another day, another referendum story.
Or rather non-story. For what we are being fed by the print and e-media is a constant stream of subconscious thoughts and mutterings that amount to hee-haw.
The Scotsman seems to have exhausted itself with its mission to create a scary independence-related splash for every day of the week. Today, it actually manages to impart some news on its front page. But some of the headlines screaming at us since the announcement of the independence referendum have been shocking. No, scratch that, for no one could actually believe them, surely. Funny or tiresome is probably more like it.
This weekend, we had the unedifying spectacle of Labour folk – of all people – invoking the race card. The news that 60,000 EU nationals get to vote in Scottish elections seems to have been a revelation for some, which is strange given that they have voted in elections since 1999. In fact, quite possibly, helped deliver Labour into office in 1999 and 2003. Now, however, the inference is that these dirty foreigners will steal our country and break up Britain. Politics at its worst. Shame on Labour. Shame on Scotland on Sunday for giving this “story” such credence, though it does mitigate its actions by saying something very different in its leader.
Over the weekend, we had some poll results which showed either a surge for independence or a devastating dip in support. Such treatment by the commissioners and authors actually makes their polls toxic and not worth dissecting and analysing. Play it straight and you'll get us all talking about the trends the polls are displaying. Something to think about….
The Herald tried to persuade us earlier this week that we should care what the outgoing Director of the Royal Shakespeare Company thought. “There's a bit of me that will cry if Scottish independence happens”.
Apparently he fears that Scotland, if independent, would repel all English drama, such as Shakespeare. “So if Scotland does go into a ‘Whaur's yer Willie Shakespeare noo?' phase, I don't think it will last forever. For either Ireland or Scotland to chop off their nose to spite their Anglo-dominated face, it is self-defeating.”
To be fair to Mr Boyd who voted SNP in the 1970s “to kick Labour up the**e“, he was pushed and prodded into uttering this nonsense sentiment, enabling the paper to scream the headline that independence would deny our weans Shakespeare.
I mean, c'mon. Right now there might well be 16 year olds struggling their way through Shakespeare texts for their English exams celebrating and vowing to vote yes in 2014. But if anyone else can seriously believe that a post-independence Scotland would become a cultural coo-shed with ritual burnings of texts that epitomise Unionism and the English oppression, then we are in trouble.
But just in case I'm wrong, they're welcome to Walter Scott but I'm hiding my Shakespeare and Dickens in the loft.
It's not just the mainstream press which is at it. Newsnet Scotland has been a welcome addition to our media, providing a pro-Scottish, pro-independence slant and take on things. It posts news that other blatts don't deem worthy of publication. Like I said, welcome, especially when it provides a counter-balance to the scare stories.
But it also produces a tiresome stream of material, particularly attacking other parties, presenting them in a very negative light, while printing in full SNP and Government media releases without any attempt to scratch the surface of the declaration.
I understand absolutely why they do this and why to many in the SNP and on the pro-indy side, this is deemed necessary, if not necessarily desirable. But do we really need headlines like “Unionists manipulate Salmond remarks in attempt at diverting attention from BBC censorship scandal“? Just because they do it, and have been doing it for decades now, doesn't make it right.
Nor, I would contend, does it help. While there are plenty polarised between the two extremes of “aye” and “naw”, most are “mebbes aye, mebbes naw” at this stage (though a few are definitely wondering “who's askin'”). They are the ones that need to be persuaded by one side or the other and both sides standing on the fringes of the media shouting at each other and everyone else is simply encouraging the undecideds to stick their fingers in their ears.
Some of us – many of us who are partials if not quite outright partisans – are bored. This endless stream of shoutiness from the margins is boring. We're despairing of how we'll survive until 2014.
And if we're feeling like that, then spare a thought for folk who only think about politics and how they are going to vote a few weeks out from an election. Do you think they are listening to any of this? Taking it in? Or turning the page, switching channel, refusing to engage?
We need a better tempered discourse. We also need a straight man, someone or some people or some body which will do a factcheck kinda thing to all the utterances and pronouncements.
But more than anything else right now, we need silence. We need a free week every month (I'd suggest a whole month actually but know that would be impossible) where the constitution does not dominate, where we talk about some of the other issues affecting Scotland and the people who live here. And we can usefully spend the time thinking about what it all means.
So, no constitutional chatter on this here blog for at least a week. No matter how momentous it might prove to be. There will, after all, be weeks, nay months, afterwards to dissect it.
Advertisements
Kasem's second wife and widow, who is estranged from her step-children, has not publicly announced plans for a funeral or public memorial.
The children of DJ Casey Kasem's first wife have announced they will hold their own memorial service in the legend's honor on Saturday, June 21.
PHOTOS: Hollywood's Most Fascinating Legal Sagas, From Casey Kasem to Michael Jackson
"Kerri, Mike and Julie Kasem will hold a private memorial service for family and friends on Saturday," said Danny Deraney, spokesman for Kasem's daughter Kerri Casey, her brother Mike, and sister Julie. "We will not give out the location to make sure the ceremony is kept private."
PHOTOS: Casey Kasem Through the Years
Though Kerri invited Casey's second wife, Jean Casey (who prefers to be called Jeannie), and her daughter Liberty, an aspiring singer, to join Kerri's side of the family at what turned out to be his deathbed last weekend, Jeannie apparently left Mr. Kasem to fight for control of his medical treatment in a Los Angeles court.
VIDEO: Casey Kasem's Wife Reportedly Throws Raw Meat at Daughter
Mr. Kasem's widow has not announced her plans for his funeral, or any public event in his honor. Jeannie Kasem did not return several emails from THR, and may be averse to publicity, as suggested by her notorious meat-hurling incident on June 1, when she seemed to compare the media and Kerri's side of the family to the dogs in the bible's Psalm 59 who appear, slavering for meat, when people die (watch the incident below).
Photo
It's not unusual for contenders in political battles to try to win support with giveaways, a candidate offering tax cuts, for instance, or a labor union giving out free coffee and donuts at a rally. But Planned Parenthood, now embroiled in a fierce fight with Congressional Republicans, is taking the concept to a whole new level: free testing for sexually transmitted diseases.
Planned Parenthood, which provides an array of health services, including abortions, through clinics and affiliates nationwide, is under criticism by Republicans over the use of aborted fetuses in medical research. The Republicans want to cut off all federal funding to Planned Parenthood, and some lawmakers have even threatened to shut down the federal government in order to do so.
Fighting back, Planned Parenthood has declared Tuesday to be “National Pink Out Day,” and said it expected millions of supporters to rally in the group's defense. As part of the day's activities, the organization is offering free testing for sexually transmitted diseases in 28 cities, including Washington. where it will be available, curiously, at Ben's Chili Bowl, a popular restaurant.
Planned Parenthood also said that its action fund had made a six-figure digital ad buy, including advertisements on the websites of The Washington Post, The New York Times and Politico. The ads emphasize the group's work providing birth control and cancer screenings and in defending “reproductive rights.”
Other events include a march to the State Capitol in Salt Lake City, Utah, and an evening vigil in Concord, N.H.
House Republicans have announced that they are forming a special committee to investigate videos in which officials from Planned Parenthood affiliates discuss the use of aborted fetuses in medical research. Republican lawmakers have accused Planned Parenthood of violating the law by selling the fetuses for profit. Planned Parenthood has said that the videos were doctored by anti-abortion activists, that the recorded conversations were distorted and that the group does not profit from its cooperation with medical researchers.
The National Pink Out Day will coincide with a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing on Tuesday morning about the allegations against Planned Parenthood. The committee had already begun its own investigation into the videos before leaders announced formation of a new special committee. The president of Planned Parenthood, Cecile Richards, is scheduled to testify.
Greater income inequality is linked to more deaths among African Americans, but the effect is reversed among white Americans, who experienced fewer deaths, according to a new study by researchers at the University of California, Berkeley.
The study, published in the fall 2014 issue of the International Journal of Health Services, highlights stark racial differences in the effects of the widening wage gap. The United States has one of the largest gaps between rich and poor among developed nations. According to a report from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, income grew by 275 percent for the top 1 percent of households between 1979 and 2007. In comparison, income for households in lower brackets grew only 40-65 percent in that same time period. The bottom 20 percent of households saw their incomes grow by only 18 percent.
“There have been a number of studies that have established the association between greater income inequality and poorer health on a population level, but ours is one of the few studies to explicitly factor in race,” said study lead author Amani Nuru-Jeter, associate professor of community health and human development and of epidemiology at UC Berkeley's School of Public Health. “What is really important is the finding that income inequality matters for everyone, but it matters differently for different groups of people.”
The researchers analyzed census data from 107 U.S. metropolitan areas with populations that numbered 100,000 people or more and that were at least 10 percent African American. They used three different measures to assess income inequality, and then matched the results to National Center for Health Statistics mortality data from the same period.
The researchers found that with each unit increase in income inequality, there were an additional 27 to 37 deaths among African Americans. For white Americans, however, each unit increase in income inequality resulted in 417 to 480 fewer deaths.
“Other studies have found poorer health outcomes when income inequality increases, so the results for blacks were not surprising,” said Nuru-Jeter. “What I didn't expect to see were the results for whites, and our study doesn't explain this inverse relationship between income inequality and death for this group. However, this is a finding that warrants further exploration. We do know that the proportion of high-income people compared to low-income people are higher for whites than for African Americans. It's possible that the protective effects we are seeing represent the net effect of income inequality for high-income whites.”
Notably, for both races, the researchers found racial segregation to be a confounding factor that weakened the association between income inequality and mortality to varying degrees.
“What we're finding is that at the population level, income inequality may be a proxy for racial segregation, particularly for black people,” said Nuru-Jeter. “Racial segregation and concentrated poverty can't be completely disentangled from income inequality. In our study, racial segregation completely explained the effect of income inequality on mortality among blacks.”
However, only a small portion of the association between income inequality and mortality was explained by racial segregation among white population in the study.
“This tells us that racial segregation has a significant impact on both income inequality and health inequality among blacks, but not among whites,” said Nuru-Jeter. “For blacks, addressing the negative impact of racial segregation will be important for improving overall population health.”
Nuru-Jeter noted that with the growth of the black middle class between 1940 and 1990, income segregation grew as middle-class blacks moved out to more suburban areas. That demographic shift resulted in the concentration of poverty among lower-income black populations, she noted, linking income inequality to income segregation in racially segregated black areas.
The study authors pointed out that households are affected not just by their own income, but by the income of their neighbors.
“Place matters. That's not news,” said Nuru-Jeter. “What is news, however, is that place matters differently for different groups of people. The idea is that the sense of being left behind, of not making it, of living in an area where there is more crime, more pollution, fewer jobs, lower-quality schools, less access to parks and green space, all comes with stressors that impact health. These are considered psychosocial pathways, and it's a growing area of research into how those pathways influence the health effects of income inequality.”
Nuru-Jeter said the study suggests that efforts are needed to reduce the high levels of racial segregation experienced among African Americans.
“Although more research is needed, we can still act on what we know about racially segregated areas,” said Nuru-Jeter. “These are structural issues that require investment from policy leaders so that everyone, regardless of zip code, has equal opportunities for health and well-being.”
The Agency for Health Research and Quality helped support this research.
RELATED INFORMATION
Contents show]
History
The Angels were the inhabitants of the Nordic Tenth Realm. They were a race of extremely materialistic and selfish creatures, who would only be moved by the desire of material reward.[1]
Odin Borson, All-Father of Asgard, secretly paid them to hunt and drive off the Asgardians who wished to hunt the mortals for fun.[1]
After Jotunheim paid them for devising strategy, the Angels suggested an alliance of all of the Asgardians' enemies. Consequently, all realms prepared to war, including at least Svartalfheim, Surtur, Niffleheim, Hela, the Trolls and Vanaheim.[1]
Refusing the Queen of Angels' blackmail of paying her to stop the war before it could begin, Odin decided that he would not pay neither this nor what he already owed, preferring that war broke. And the War of Angels broke.[1]
War of Angels page. For the full presentation of this event, please consult thepage.
Because they had kidnapped and seemingly assassinated Aldrif Odinsdottir, Odin cut their realm from the other Nine Realms and Yggdrasill.[2][1]
Her mother, All-Mother Freyja of the Vanir went to the Fates and had that their dead would go to Hel as slaves to Hela.[3][4]
Return
After the revelation of the existence of this Tenth Realm, Thor managed to open a portal to Heven with the help of Loki.[2] The Angels initially greeted them, but after they revealed themselves as Asgardians, they waged battle.[5] With the return of Angela to Heven, the Angels managed to defeat Thor in battle, while Loki sided with them.[1]
Loki helped an Angel fleet enter the Asgardian realm to have revenge on Odin, however, the trickster god betrayed them, and crashed their fleet into Asgard's shielding only to be able to reach out Odin for help. Meanwhile, Thor managed to escape captivity and faced Angela in battle again.[6] Odin managed to stop the confrontation and return to Asgardia with his sons, additionally, the true lineage of Angela as an Asgardian was revealed, and she was exiled from Heven by her fellow Angels.[7]
Alternate Realities
On this reality, the reconnection of Heven with Midgard caused a second "Angel War" between Asgard and the Angels. The heroes of Earth got caught in the middle of the conflict while they were facing Nick Fury on the Moon for the death of Uatu the Watcher.[8]
Powers and Abilities
Powers
Flight: Every Angel possess wings which enable them to fly.[2]
Immortality: Angels are immortal and cannot die from old age. Thor noted that they can spend eternity in prison.[9]
Abilities
The Angels are great hunters.[10]
Miscellaneous
Type of Government: Monarchy
Level of Technology: Advanced
Cultural Traits: The Angels are extremely materialist and selfish. No reward which is not material has worth for them. They consider concepts like honor meaningless.[1] Angels also seem to revere an unnamed goddess.[10] The male Angels, called the Anchorites,[11] who don't have wings and are rare (having one male birth for every hundred girl-children), are kept and guarded by the rest of the Angels inside temples, where they pray for the dead Angels who have no soul. Angels believe there's no afterlife for them.[12] The Throne of Heven doesn't command the Temple of the Anchorites, and thus the Hierophants.[13]
Representatives: Queen of Angels, Loriel
Share. Cites the experience of making Green Lantern as reason. Cites the experience of making Green Lantern as reason.
If and when the Justice League of America movie finally happens it will probably won't see Ryan Reynolds reprising his role as Green Lantern's Hal Jordan.
"If you're going to do comic book movies in that vein, you really have to get them right," Reynolds told Empire. "I believe that Joss Whedon is the guy that just nails it and Christopher Nolan obviously nails it. So if they were gonna do it like that, it would be an interesting thing to do."
"It's just that... working on Green Lantern, I saw how difficult it is to make that concept palatable, and how confused it all can be when you don't really know exactly where you're going with it or you don't really know how to access that world properly - that world comic book fans have been accessing for decades and falling in love with."
Reynolds added, "So at this point I have very little interest in joining that kind of world. But, you know, a great script and a good director can always turn that around."
The Church of England is on course to give its final approval to female bishops next year after its General Synod voted in favour of new proposals to bring women into the episcopate, raising hopes of an end to the damaging and frequently bitter 20-year standoff between modernisers and traditionalists.
On the third and final day of its meeting in London, the synod voted in favour of the new plans by an overwhelming majority of 378 to eight, with 25 abstentions.
Proposing the new draft legislation, the bishop of Rochester, James Langstaff, recognised that the synod had been given a "second bite of the cherry" but said that it had come a long way since last November, when the last moves to introduce female bishops fell.
He urged the synod to vote "as positively as it is able" for the proposals, adding: "People may have quibbles about various words and phrases within this statement of guiding principles, but I would ask you to remember that these are guiding principles, not holy writ nor a creedal statement.
Although the first speech from the floor noted that "history makes us naturally cautious about optimists who wave documents that offer peace in our time" – and a later one described the previous failure as "missionally disastrous" – it soon became apparent that a consensus had been reached and that many key former opponents from the conservative evangelical and Anglo-Catholic wings of the synod had come to accept the new plans.
The Rev Rod Thomas, chair of the conservative evangelical group Reform, conceded that his decision to vote against the previous draft legislation had been "a cause of shock, of bewilderment, of anger and of grief" to many.
Thomas said that although he still had reservations over some aspects of the new package, he intended to support it even if he found himself unable to vote for final approval for female bishops next year.
"In the spirit of agreement we have reached, in the spirit of wanting to achieve agreement I will vote for it," he said. "And even if at the end of the day I am unable to join the majority at synod – who I confidently expect to approve this by the required majorities – even if I am not able to join you, I shall rejoice in the measure of agreement that we have been able to reach."
However, Reform's director, Susie Leafe, said she simply could not bring herself to follow suit.
"How I wish that I, too, could stand here and say that all was well," she said. "But I can't … We claim that this package is designed to enable all to flourish yet I and my church can only flourish once we've denied our theological convictions and accepted a woman as our chief pastor."
Prominent Anglo-Catholics who had opposed the previous legislation also announced they would back it.
The Rev Paul Benfield – who sat on the steering committee that yielded the new proposals but had previously abstained from commending its recommendation to the synod – supported the new plans despite concerns over issues of jurisdiction.
"I think this is a workable way forward and so I shall vote for this motion and I shall vote in the next debate to put this legislation for revision in full synod," he said. "I urge you all to do the same."
Christina Rees, a member of the archbishops' council and veteran campaigner for female bishops, said she could scarcely believe how far the synod had come in 12 months.
"If anyone had told me that one year on from last November we would be where we are, I would have said: 'That's impossible,'" she said. "But by the grace of God it has been possible and here we are. And I believe that what we are considering now is better than what we had last year and I also believe that we are better as a synod."
Despite the outbreak of peace, the archbishop of York was careful to sound a note of caution and warn against premature rejoicing.
"Your generous magnanimity is palpable," said John Sentamu. "However, may I bid us all that we should not open champagne bottles – or whatever drink we're going to celebrate with – because we need to continue to walk together till the end. As Francis Drake said: 'There must be a beginning of any great matter, but the continuing unto the end until it be thoroughly finished yields the true glory.' And until we all get together we need still to stick together and stay in the same place."
Speaking after the ballot, the bishop of Rochester, who chaired the steering committee , said that he had been encouraged by the "hugely positive" vote, but stressed that there was no room for complacency.
"There is still a lot of work to be done and people will have voted in favour of this because it's about continuing the process [but they] may or may not vote in favour of the package at the end of the day and that's a reality," he said. "So it's not over. I suspect I've got a job to do for the next few months."
The bishop said much of the credit for the result belonged to the archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, who has worked as a mediator and peace negotiator in some of the most dangerous places in the world.
"He is something of an advocate of conciliatory processes," said Langstaff. "Without those three facilitators working with us through the steering committee, I suspect we would not have got to where we've got to. And so I think Archbishop Justin's influence in that regard has been a significant mover-on of the process."
Wednesday's vote comes a year to the day after the church was plunged into crisis when the last attempt to introduce female bishops was defeated by just six votes.
The narrow defeat put the C of E under huge public and political pressure: its failure to resolve the issue was described by the church's most senior civil servant as a train crash, while David Cameron warned that the church needed "to get on with it".
Langstaff denied that the church had felt under political pressure to resolve the issue, saying: "We had to do this anyway and it's far better that we should have done it ourselves than had somebody else do it for us or put pressure on us and we have done it."
Asked where the church was after last year's "train crash", he offered a long metaphor that almost collapsed under the weight of its symbolic freight.
"The train is on the tracks," he said. "The train is moving forwards and we know there are some stations we've got to pass through along the way, but we can begin to see the end of this particular journey."
The synod had been asked to give first approval to plans produced by a steering committee of 15 that included five synod members who voted against last November's draft legislation.
Among the recommendations is the creation of an ombudsman who would rule on disputes over arrangements once female bishops are in place.
Under the plans, female bishops would be introduced with a house of bishops "declaration" setting out guidance for parishes where congregations reject female ministry.
The ombudsman – appointed by the archbishops and with the backing of lay and clergy representatives in the General Synod – would be given power to investigate where complaints were made about arrangements.
At the last meeting of General Synod in July, the church was told that if it did not move on female bishops, parliament would step in.
Sir Tony Baldry, who speaks on the church's behalf in the House of Commons, told the York meeting: "If we haven't got this sorted by 2015 then I cannot account for the law of unintended consequences at Westminster as to the creative ability of colleagues on both sides of the house of getting involved in this.
"I put it no further than this: a number of senior privy counsellors on both sides of the house are already putting their minds to how do they sort this if General Synod doesn't."
The synod, he said, needed to remember that it did not exist in a bubble: "The world is looking at us – and not the least parliament."
The steering committee, however, appeared to have paid dividends and narrowed the differences on the issue. Those in favour of bringing women into the episcopate had been quietly confident the latest set of proposals would win favour at the synod and believed that some of the Anglo-Catholics and conservative evangelicals who opposed the previous attempt had become more open to finding a solution.
Campaigners were also encouraged by a new, more collegiate spirit within the synod and last week's statement from the Anglo-Catholic group Forward in Faith urging its members to back the new plans.
"Though these proposals are still far from what we have long said would be ideal, we believe that they may have the potential to provide workable arrangements for the future," said its chair, the Right Rev Jonathan Baker, bishop of Fulham.
While acknowledging that some of the group's members would ultimately find themselves unable to vote in favour of female bishops should the synod take a final vote on the matter in a year's time, he said the proposals nonetheless held out "the possibility of bringing to a conclusion a process that for too long has been a distraction from the church's mission".
Spread the love
Los Angeles, Ca — In 1991, a neo-Nazi, white supremacist gang was terrorizing the streets of Lynwood in Los Angeles County. The reason these violent thugs could run amok was because they were deputies at the Lynwood Sheriff's station, having the power of blue privilege.
A federal judge acknowledged that the gang of deputies carried out “systematic acts of shooting, killing, brutality, terrorism, house-trashing and other acts of lawlessness and wanton abuse of power.”
These maniacs were not the sudden appearance of a unique group of individuals among law enforcement, but the progeny of a decades-long effort by the Ku Klux Klan (KKK) to infiltrate police departments wherever possible.
That's why it is so difficult to believe the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) when it said on Tuesday that there was no racial profiling in any of the 1,365 allegations leveled against the department from 2012 to 2014.
“I don't think anybody believes that there are actually no incidents of biased policing,” said Matt Johnson, president of the Police Commission panel. “The problem is we don't have an effective way of really adjudicating the issue.”
“While no doubt the vast majority of LAPD officers do not engage in biased policing, it strains credibility to suggest that … there were zero instances of biased policing,” said commissioner Robert Saltzman. “It should not be surprising that there is diminished trust in the LAPD given these results.”
The LAPD seems to think that the influence of neo-Nazi, white supremacist groups is a thing of the past.
A Florida deputy police chief was exposed as a member of the KKK last year, and no criminal wrongdoing was found as he resigned. In September, a Louisiana police detective was caught in a photo giving a Nazi salute at a KKK rally. An Alabama police officer recently spoke at a League of the South rally.
While the South has been fertile ground for racist groups, the KKK has penetrated many police departments around the country, as evidenced by the Lynwood horror.
Larissa Moore and four of her law school colleagues performed an investigation of unsolved civil rights murders from 1946 to 1969, under a Syracuse University program, and confirmed an ugly truth.
During the Civil Rights movement, one of the KKK's first orders was to infiltrate police departments, “because the laws don't apply to them if they are the law,” according to Moore.
This echoes an FBI statement in 2006 that white supremacist groups “have historically engaged in strategic efforts to infiltrate and recruit from law enforcement communities.” The federal agency's concern seems to be selfish, though, as it stated that the hate group's actions cause “investigative breaches and can jeopardize the safety of law enforcement sources and personnel.”
So far, the FBI has not reviewed any of the 37 cases sent to them from the program in which Moore is involved—The Cold Case Justice Initiative. Since the purview expires in 2017, there seems to be little chance that the FBI will take meaningful action.
“We have discovered hundreds of killings that aren't on the FBI's list that no one's ever done a full accounting of all the people who have been killed either by Klan or by suspicious police shootings,” said Janis McDonald, a law professor at Syracuse University who co-founded CCJI with law professor Paula Johnson.
The government's disinterest here mirrors a wider problem in law enforcement at all levels. Cops continue to inflict most of their brutality on minority groups, especially blacks. African-Americans make up only 13 percent of the population, yet they are the victims in 26 percent of all police shootings. A young black male is 3 times more likely to be killed by a cop than their white counterparts. Michael Brown, Eric Garner, Walter Scott and Tamir Rice are just a few of the recent examples.
The injustice of the drug war also falls most heavily on minorities. “More than 60% of the people in prison are now racial and ethnic minorities” and “two-thirds of all persons in prison for drug offenses are people of color.”
Clearly, the KKK has had success in establishing a culture within not only police departments but the entire “criminal justice system.” With departments like the LAPD continuing to pretend that racism does not motivate any of its officers, it will be difficult to know just how far the disease of white supremacy has spread into law enforcement.
PHOENIXVILLE, Pa. -- Charlie Walker was working from home one day last January when he got a call from his manager, who had already assembled several other senior employees in his office.
"I can't remember exactly how he said it -- change of business conditions or whatever else -- long story short: you're out of here," Walker, 55, said in an interview. He'd worked for the business-to-business publisher for 11 years. "Everyone else was in the office because they were able to pull them in. I got laid off by phone."
He didn't know how to react. His 6-year-old daughter, Emmalee, had been playing with dolls on the floor of their two-story home in this Philadelphia suburb while her father got fired.
"I hang up the phone and I look at her and say -- she doesn't know these things -- and I said, 'I just lost my job,'" he said. He immediately wished he hadn't burdened his daughter.
The next thing he did was call his wife, Andrea, so they could begin downscaling their lifestyle. No more restaurants, no new winter coat, no more zero balance on the credit cards. Since then, between her job with a local government agency that serves senior citizens and his roughly $300 per week in unemployment benefits, they've been able to juggle their expenses.
"The unemployment wasn't that much, but it made the difference," Andrea Walker said.
The benefits are at an end. Congress skipped town for the holidays without reauthorizing federal unemployment insurance, which is available to workers after they use up the usual six months of benefits provided by states -- which Charlie Walker has done. Next Saturday, he will be among more than 1 million workers whose federal benefits prematurely expire.
Democrats have made a lot of noise about reinstating the benefits in January, but Republicans have been quiet. It's unclear whether proposals to reauthorize the compensation for a year, or even just three months, will win enough support to pass when Congress reconvenes.
A reauthorization would give the Walkers at least another couple months of help. Jobless workers in Pennsylvania have been eligible for 63 weeks of combined state and federal assistance. Charlie Walker is one of 73,330 Pennsylvanians whose economic lifeline will stop short.
"It was the difference between making it and not making it," Walker said. "It wasn't enough to pay all the bills, but it was enough to make it."
At first, little Emmalee didn't understand what it meant that her dad had lost his job. "She thought maybe I'd misplaced it," he said. But eventually, as her father's jobless spell dragged through spring and into a summer, during which they couldn't afford to fix their broken air conditioning system, Emmalee began to grasp the meaning of unemployment. After Halloween, as the holiday season approached, she asked her father what it would mean for her.
"She looked up at me and said, 'Daddy, are we still going to have Christmas this year?' Talk about taking your heart out and stomping on it."
It's a heartstomper that shows the agonizing process of transforming from someone who just got laid off into someone who economists recognize as one of the "long-term unemployed" -- people out of work at least a half-year. There were more than 4 million Americans who had crossed the six-month mark as of November, and more than 1 million were jobless longer than 99 weeks. In the past half-century, no other recession has had so much prolonged joblessness.
Studies have shown that the longer someone is out of work, the less likely they are to get hired. Walker is keenly aware that some employers just don't want to hire people who seem unwanted.
"The more I read about people in my situation -- middle-aged, liberal arts [background], out of work more than six months -- the odds of someone who meets those demographics coming up with a traditional 9-to-5 office job are miniscule," he said.
But he is a man willing to adapt. He's sought liberal-artsy writing jobs, but also stuff way beneath his pay grade, including some non-managerial positions with Barnes & Noble. In August, he said he had a temporary position editing a website for Temple University. He's continuing to seek a regular office job, but takes contract work when he can, figuring entrepreneurship might be unemployment's only escape.
When he neared the six-month mark of joblessness, his wife suggested he cut his ponytail and shave his soul patch. He resisted, arguing people should accept the fact that he likes the Grateful Dead. But just like he did when he quit smoking so that Andrea would marry him, just like when he went vegetarian for the good of his heart, he did what he had to do.
"It's a small price to pay for employment," Walker said.
Nevertheless, it's hard to cope with the indignity of prolonged joblessness. Walker said he put himself through college by working nights at a newspaper copy desk, and he's unused to this kind of struggle.
"I've always been proud of that and now that sense of self-worth isn't there," he said. "Not only that, but the rejection that has come with it. Andrea cautions me. After an interview I will be so sky-high because it went so well. And now she has seen me enough times go down in flames and she tells me."
"Don't get your hopes up," she said. "It's horrible to say but …"
"But I do. I work so hard for the interviews."
"He gets so excited, [saying] 'This is the one!' And he starts making dreams, like we're gonna do this and this when I get the job."
Charlie Walker isn't the only one forced to take the occasional cold shower. The Walkers' water heater has been on the fritz since last week. Instead of paying the utility company to come and replace it, Walker is going to buy one from Home Depot and put it in himself. His dad is going to help.
"This model we're buying is easy to install, I looked at these reviews online and he's good at this kind of stuff," Walker said. "It's gonna save $1,200. An 80-year-old man is gonna come help me and we're gonna save $1,200 and we're gonna have hot water."
They're gonna have Christmas, too. Even though they have no way to know whether Walker will get a job or will have any income from unemployment insurance next year, the Walkers deemed Christmas a necessity for their daughter. That's what Charlie Walker told Emmalee when she asked if Christmas would be canceled.
"There is nothing that would stop Christmas," he said.
This story is part of a Huffington Post series profiling Americans who work hard and yet still struggle to make ends meet. Learn more about other individuals' experiences here.
for the radio program see The American School of the Air
School of the Air is a generic term for correspondence schools catering for the primary and early secondary education of children in remote and outback Australia where some or all classes were traditionally conducted by radio, although this is now being replaced by internet technology. In these areas, the school-age population is too small for a conventional school to be viable.
History [ edit ]
The first School of the Air lessons were officially sent from the Royal Flying Doctor Service in Alice Springs on 8 June 1951.[1] The service celebrated its 50th jubilee on 9 May 2001, ahead of the real jubilee on 8 June.[2][3][4] Each state of Australia that utilizes this means of training has well-documented checks and overviews of the service.[5]
Method [ edit ]
There are School of the Air programmes in all states except Tasmania.[6]
School classes were conducted via shortwave radio from 2003 until 2009,[7] after which most schools switched to wireless internet technologies to deliver lessons that include live one-way video feeds and clear two-way audio.[8][9][10][11][12]
Each student has direct contact with a teacher in a major inland town such as Broken Hill, Alice Springs or Meekatharra. Each student typically spends one hour per day receiving group or individual lessons from the teacher, and the rest of the day working through the assigned materials with a parent, older sibling or a hired home-stay tutor.
Traditionally, the students received their course materials and returned their written work and projects to their hub centre using either the Royal Flying Doctor Service or post office services. However the extension of Internet services into the outback now enables more rapid review of each child's homework.
As the children are in isolated situations, the School of the Air is frequently their first chance of socialization with children outside their immediate family. This is supplemented by 3 or 4 annual gatherings where the children travel to the school to spend one week with their teacher and classmates.
Studies have shown that such education has a parity with if not better standard than traditional methods of schooling.[13]
Awards [ edit ]
In 2009 as part of the Q150 celebrations, the School of the Air was announced as one of the Q150 Icons of Queensland for its role as an iconic "innovation and invention".[14]
Schools of the Air [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Made from 100% Cotton, this black t-shirt features an image taken straight from the hit comic book mini-series, The Killing Joke, expertly drafted by uber-talented artist, Brian Bolland! Written by Comic Book luminary, Alan Moore, the Killing Joke gave us an origin of the Joker that forced one to actually care about a humble, struggling comedian and the circumstances that carved his route towards becoming the painted monster we all know and...fear. Well, we cared until he shot Babs in the spine and kidnapped Commissioner Gordon, forcing him to view photographs of the intimate moments Joker and Barbara Gordon... shared together. Yeah, then we stopped caring and demanded a little deus ex machina in the form of freakin' Batman! This Killing Joke t-shirt is for fans of Alan Moore, Joker, Batman...and taking a little time to truly understand the importance of a solid delivery.
More Details Sku: tsjokkillingjoke
Color: Black
Sleeve Type: Short sleeve
Licensor: DC
Style Attributes: Image
The number of hate crimes reported to police nationwide surged in 2015 by 6.7 percent compared to 2014, according to date released by the FBI on Monday.
Far outpacing the national increase in hate crime overall was the elevated number of bias crimes against Muslims. The FBI said there were 257 anti-Islamic incidents last year compared to 154 reported in 2014, an uptick of 67 percent. That was one of the largest increases against any group, according to the bureau's data.
It's a level of Islamophobia unseen since the Sept. 11 attacks, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center.
“We believe this jump in anti-Muslim incidents should push our nation's leaders to finally come out against the growing Islamophobia in our society,” said Council on American-Islamic Relations spokesman Ibrahim Hooper. “This repudiation should start with President-elect Donald Trump, who rode a wave of Islamophobia into the White House.”
Overall, there were 5,850 hate crimes counted in this year's FBI report. African Americans were targeted more than any other group. The FBI said there were 1,745 anti-black crimes last year, or 7.6 percent more than in the previous report. There were 614 anti-white crimes in 2015, compared to 593 the year before. The number of anti-Hispanic or Latino crimes was unchanged, at 299 in the two most recent reports.
Crimes against people because of sexual orientation were the second most common form of hate crime. There were 1,053 in 2015, compared to 1,017 the year before. Among this category, anti-gay-male crimes were the most common, with 664 reported incidents.
The increased totals are not indisputable proof that there were actually more hate crimes than committed in the previous year, the FBI cautioned. It's possible more victims are reporting crimes to the 14,997 law enforcement agencies that supply the FBI with data.
This jump in anti-Muslim incidents should push our nation's leaders to finally come out against the growing Islamophobia in our society. Ibrahim Hooper, CAIR spokesman
According to data compiled by The Huffington Post, there have been 286 Islamophobic incidents reported, including both hate crimes and other forms of discrimination such as offensive speech, through September. (HuffPost's Islamophobia tracker is not comprehensive and does not provide data comparable to the FBI's statistics.)
Trump tapped into this sentiment during his campaign by calling for a ban on Muslim immigration to the U.S. and calling for increased surveillance of Muslims in the United States. High-profile terrorist attacks, such as the mass shooting in San Bernardino, California, and coordinated attacks in Paris last year appeared to precipitate retaliatory anti-Islamic crimes in the U.S. as well.
There has been an alarming spate of harassment and intimidation incidents against Muslims, Jews and other groups reported since the election, many of them referencing Trump. Trump told the perpetrators to “stop it” in an interview with “60 Minutes” on Sunday.
But Trump's appointment of Steve Bannon, a white nationalist and former Breitbart News executive chairman, to serve as his chief strategist counteracted his message on “60 Minutes,” CAIR spokesman's told HuffPost.
“He tells them to stop, but at the same time he appoints a white supremacist and Islamophobe to his inner circle,” Hooper said.
Though there was a steep increase in anti-Muslim crimes in 2015, anti-Semitic crimes continued to be the most frequent form of religious hate crime. There were 664 incidents against Jews in 2015, 9 percent more than in 2014.
“We must not let this troubling trend of hate define our society, which means that the onus is on our community leaders, religious clergy, elected officials and others to remain vigilant, report incidents when they surface and make clear that this level of vitriol will not be tolerated,” Anti-Defamation League Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Greenblatt said in a statement about post-election bigotry.
California, the nation's most populous state and one of its most diverse, had the most reported hate crimes in the country, with 837. New York was second with 500, followed by Ohio with 416.
Almost two-thirds of hate crimes were carried out against people while slightly more than a third were property crimes, such as vandalism, burglary and arson, the FBI report said. Less than 1 percent was categorized as “crimes against society.”
Sydney woman escapes conviction over racist bus rant against Asian student
Updated
A woman who racially abused a school boy on a public bus in Sydney has escaped conviction.
Susan Bernobich hit the headlines when her racist tirade was captured on a mobile phone by another passenger in May this year.
In it she is seen demanding the Asian school boy "sit down","get a passport" and "get back on your boat".
Court documents show she also abused three other Asian passengers.
She has since apologised to her victims and today pleaded guilty to using offensive language.
The magistrate issued a bond without conviction accepting the woman was genuinely contrite about what she had done.
The court heard she had been intoxicated at the time with a number of issues boiling over in her life.
Ms Bernobich last month appeared on Channel Nine's A Current Affair to apologise for her actions.
Topics: courts-and-trials, race-relations, burwood-2134
First posted
Photo by Amy Eskind
When Mina Johnson was elected to Metro Council a year ago, she asked Metro Public Works about a sidewalk that has long been on the list of wishful capital projects, but never in the spending budget. Could the department install the sidewalk now? Students attending Hillwood High School who use free bus passes are let off on Harding Pike, and walk 0.7 miles on Davidson Road overtrain tracks and in ditches on the side of the road, alongside commuter traffic and school buses, sometimes in the dark.
The Metro Nashville Department of Public Works divided the project into three phases, citing budget constraints. The first phase covers 0.4 miles from Hillwood High School to H.G. Hill Middle School, which will be useful to the middle-schoolers who use the high school's athletic facilities. The second phase will add 0.2 miles of sidewalk, and the final 0.1 mile phase will reach Harding Pike.
Only the first phase is listed in “Projects Planned and In-Progress,” just compiled by the department, and, along with 51 other sidewalk projects in the city, that short sidewalk remains mired in the design phase with no estimated date of completion.
“Something's not right,” says Johnson. “They haven't even done the first phase. Kids should be a priority.”
Dr. Stacy Dorris, a pediatric allergy and immunology specialist at Vanderbilt, agrees. Dorris has become a pedestrian crusader, fighting for new sidewalks and repairs on Bowling Avenue from West End to Woodmont, next to Elmington Park. “It's not fair that families have to risk their safety to get to the park,” she says. Progress has been elusive. “I've been talking about this for three years, and I'm in the same place I was.”
Patience is waning all around the city. The Google group Walking and Biking in Nashville was started last year to keep residents informed. Hume-Fogg Academic High School students convened the community project Stop! Take Notice to increase pedestrian safety downtown. Newcomers from more walkable cities and longtime Nashvillians are meeting to discuss walkability in their neighborhoods.
Even with effort, funding and the mayor behind the sidewalks cause, improvement is hard to find. Want to walk to the nearest park or greenway? You could very well wind up walking inside a ditch and darting vehicular traffic, with no safe place to cross the street. How about if you decide to take public transit? Without sidewalks, it may take real courage to walk to the closest bus stop.
Metro Council members say they don't understand what's taking so long. When Burkley Allen was elected to Metro Council in 2011, she compiled a list of two dozen places in her Vanderbilt/Belmont district that needed better pedestrian infrastructure. “They did the repairs in the first two years, even some I didn't ask for,” she says. As for new sidewalks, her district received its second a few months ago. “It's a long, drawn-out process,” Allen says.
“I am frustrated, I think we all are,” says Ed Cole, president of the Alliance for Green Hills. “All trips involve an important component, that's walking. It's got to be upgraded and made more urgent.”
This has been a glaring problem for years. Former mayors Bill Purcell and Karl Dean recognized it, and began to allocate more funding. “The demand is there,” Dean says. “When I go to Kroger, people ask where their sidewalk is.” He urges patience. “We're making up for decades of not doing it,” he says.
For the 2015-2016 fiscal year, $25 million was allocated for sidewalks. It was a welcome boost from outgoing Mayor Dean, who had already devoted $57 million to sidewalks in the previous seven years. But as the fiscal year came to a close in June 2016, none of the chosen new sidewalks for the year were installed. To date, not one of those sidewalks has materialized.
It's bewildering. Where are the sidewalks? There are $35.5 million in specific new sidewalk projects in the works, for a total of 86,782 linear feet (16.4 miles). Even with those, Nashville remains well behind peer cities: Memphis has more than 3,400 miles of sidewalk, Nashville will have 1,119.
Yet the city can't seem to get concrete poured for new sidewalks. Some of the projects on the list are a few years old. Date for installation is “as soon as possible,” says Billy Fields, spokesperson for Metro Public Works. “Historically, complicated projects can take as long as three years to complete.”
A shakeup in leadership at Public Works, a yearlong strategic planning process and investigation into a possible new Metro Department of Transportation are taxing resources, at least in the short run. The current stagnation is worth it if these efforts bring faster results, says Councilman Freddie O'Connell.
Methodical planning has tried the patience of thousands of residents who told the city of their desire for sidewalks three years ago, when the planning department initiated NashvilleNext, and they said it again for the Metro Transit Authority's nMotion plan, and again for Public Works' WalknBike. Others participated in the Chamber of Commerce and Urban Land Institute studies. There is universal fatigue.
“I'm actually sick of planning,” Mayor Megan Barry told a crowd at the Open Streets Nashville festival on Oct. 30. “I actually want to start doing.”
Though last year's budget has yet to be exhausted — in fact, sidewalks are still being constructed with 2014-2015 funds — the mayor allocated another $30 million to sidewalks this year. However, half of the budget goes to repairs. With an average cost of $434 per linear foot, and individual projects ranging from $85,000 to $4.35 million, that $15 million can only do so much. Furthermore, planning is a long process.
“People think you pick a street [that needs a sidewalk], and you build it,” says Jason Radinger, bike-ped coordinator at Metro Public Works. “It doesn't work that way. There are a lot of factors that go into getting a sidewalk shovel-ready. It takes eight months to a year to get a complete plan.”
It works like this: A street is identified as one that needs a sidewalk, with priority given to locations near schools and parks or where existing sidewalks need connections. Alternatively, a council member can propose a location. A survey is conducted. Radinger meets with the council member, community meetings take place for stakeholder input, and other Metro entities are consulted, including MTA and the parks and water departments.
Easements and right-of-way arrangements must be completed. An ordinance has to pass the Metro Council for each parcel that Public Works buys. Fair market value is determined by the county property assessor, but the property owner has to agree on the value. “If one person holds out, we have to go through a legal process,” says Radinger. He cites one owner currently delaying a sidewalk because reappraisals next year will likely raise the value. Occasionally, residents flatly oppose a sidewalk. “Sometimes you can do without the easement, but it pisses off homeowners,” Radinger says. “We want to make sure we're all leaving happy, holding hands.”
Engineers plan the sidewalk. Then it is evaluated for stormwater effects, along with every other construction project in the county. “One of our projects is 37th in line for a storm water review,” says Radinger. The plan must be reviewed for Americans With Disabilities Act compliance, and the Tennessee Department of Transportation reviews it as well. The ongoing paving schedule is considered — would adding a sidewalk mean a newly repaved road would have to be torn up? Utilities are consulted, and poles may have to be relocated, adding time and expense.
Sometimes a sidewalk can be extraordinarily costly. For example, the new sidewalk on Hart Lane from Jere Baxter Middle Prep to Ellington Parkway is 800 linear feet, but is costing $2 million because tons of rock and dirt have to be removed, according to Fields. Public Works worked with TDOT to arrange partial state funding.
After months of planning, a sidewalk contractor is asked for a bid. Metro has to produce a bond. Then Public Works has to get time on the calendar of a busy contractor. Finally, a new sidewalk is installed.
Slow progress doesn't sit well given that more than two dozen pedestrians have been killed since the beginning of last year. The outcry for more walkable streets has reached a crescendo in some neighborhoods. Residents near 51st Avenue North are upset that even though the street has just been redesigned, storm water problems fixed, and bike lanes added, there are still no sidewalks to access Richland Creek Greenway at the end of the street. Residents near Eighth Avenue South, and tourists renting houses there, are upset that they can't safely walk to restaurants and bars.
The most dangerous place to walk in the county is Lower Broadway. More than a year ago, stanchions were installed to temporarily widen the sidewalk in the name of safety. With the influx of tourists and conventioneers taking over narrow sidewalks in a nighttime street jamboree, more pedestrian crashes took place there than anywhere else in the city. Intoxicated revelers were crossing the street mid-block, right into traffic.
Both Public Works and the Metro Department of Planning suggested widening the sidewalks, but businesses wanted to keep on-street parking for deliveries of beer and load-in by musicians. Instead of charging through these concerns and simply improving the sidewalks, Public Works took over the parking spaces and set up a 90-day experiment. The stanchions are still up a year later, and a permanent solution cannot be expected any time soon. A few merchants still want on-street parking, says Ron Yearwood, assistant director of the Nashville Civic Design Center, and another year of experimentation commences.
The urban designers of Gehl Studio (of Times Square revitalization fame) have been hired to consult. Their recent survey and stakeholder meetings revealed that there is a need for shade, storm water management, outdoor seating and dining, and more nighttime activity at the riverfront. And some people are still jaywalking. Gehl will host another stakeholder workshop to discuss pilot projects.
Yearwood sees testing as important to the process, noting that Times Square evolved over many years to become what it is today. Gehl's recommendations for Lower Broadway will be issued in early 2017, and Yearwood estimates it will be at least another year before there is heavy investment to permanently fix the situation.
Temporary infrastructure is becoming popular in other parts of the city as well. “Sometimes the price tags and time involved in major projects get in the way of getting things on the ground quickly,” says Nora Kern, executive director of Walk Bike Nashville. Mayor Barry condones tactical urbanism, and the city granted $25,000 to TURBO, the volunteer organization behind pop-up walkability events and a demonstration “complete streets” block party.
There are high hopes for the $322,000 WalknBike plan, the update to the Strategic Plan for Sidewalks and Bikeways, expected to be adopted early next year. It will include a five-year plan of sidewalk projects, shortening the planning time for each sidewalk by one to three months — the time it now takes to decide on the year's projects. Furthermore, it will encourage sidewalk planning consultants to add staff, says Radinger. That heavy reliance on outside consultants may also be re-evaluated; Metro employs only seven part- or full-time bicycle and pedestrian staff, while Denver, an aspirational city, employs 26. Furthermore, Kern anticipates the new plan will abandon the 50/50 split between new installations and repairs to increase funding new sidewalks, and drop the requirement that every council district receive a portion of the annual sidewalk budget.
Advocates are bringing more solutions. Knowing that the pace quickens when city coffers are boosted by private funding, Cole is galvanizing support for a Green Hills Business Improvement District, identical to the one in the Gulch. Property owners would be assessed, and state and federal funds would match. “It's an arrangement where people can know they're going to get what they pay for,” Cole says.
Though statistics are not readily available through Public Works on sidewalks installed by real estate developers, they are often responsible for building sidewalks on a site. Council member Angie Henderson, who began volunteering in an effort to make Green Hills more walkable in 2000, thinks Nashville developers are let off easy. She has drafted a bill that would increase requirements, include the builders of one- and two-family homes located near a designated “center,” and make it harder to merely pay a fee and forgo the sidewalk. Disconnected coverage can be filled in by the city, Henderson says.
For side streets that are low priority for new sidewalks, Dorris has invented Walking Districts. “Cars would be the visitor,” she envisions. With minimal expense — Metro traffic engineer Chip Knauf estimates $5,000 a neighborhood — Walking District signage, decals on the pavement and lowered speed limits should make walking safer. Hillsboro/West End, Cleveland Park and Pinnacle Point are being considered for the strategy.
“It's important to provide the opportunity to walk,” Henderson says. “It's a fundamental civic right.”
On Twitter, Charles Johnson excitedly says:
He links to a post, evidently written by an LGF user, which provides no context for the clip, but simply embeds it. Here is a screenshot of the entire post:
And here is the short and misleading video the post embeds:
Now, here is the context Charles and his blogger omit.
The full transcript is here. When you read it, you will see that the word “you” refers to the leftist politicians in Washington and their pals in the media, and “they” refers to their radical leftist friends — who, Beck warns, actually believe there must be violent revolution . . . and if they don't get what they want, they may start one.
Beck is warning the comfortable pols that the people who put them in power aren't going to be satisfied with seeing just a little of their agenda accomplished. They want it all. Because they are revolutionaries at heart — people who have called for violence and never repudiated it. And if they aren't satisfied, Beck tells the pols, they will come after you. Violently.
You're going to have to shoot them in the head. But they may shoot you.
Johnson wants you to believe that the “you” is Beck's audience, whom Beck is inciting to violence. Nothing could be further from the truth.
But Charles Johnson doesn't care about context or truth any more.
Now that this video has surfaced, expect it to spread like wildfire. Be prepared, with this post and the linked transcript, to rebut the lies.
UPDATE: Thanks to Instapundit for the link, and welcome to new readers. Please note also Stacy McCain's post on the same topic.
It gets better! Now leftist Brad Friedman is complaining about Beck's rhetoric — despite the fact that Friedman's business partner is a convicted bomber who blew off a guy's leg.
Image caption Staff will be offered 10% of the Royal Mail's shares in any privatisation
Royal Mail workers will be offered at least 10% of the business's shares if it is privatised.
The plan was announced by the Business Secretary, Vince Cable, at the Liberal Democrat annual conference in Liverpool.
The Communication Workers Union (CWU), which represents Royal Mail staff, is strongly opposed to privatisation.
If taken up, the workers' share would be the biggest of any privatised UK company for 25 years.
Mr Cable said the "engagement and participation" of the Royal Mail's staff would help revive the business as part of the privatisation process.
"That is why our legislation will include a specific provision to make available at least 10% of the shares in Royal Mail to employees, as part of the privatisation process," he said.
"This is a once in a generation chance to transform the culture at Royal Mail - energising everyone and allowing employers and employees to share in the company's future success," he added.
'Patronising'
A postal service bill is expected next month, which will set out the coalition government's full plans to privatise the Royal Mail.
Royal Mail's woes Pension deficit up from £2.9bn in 2008 to £8bn in 2010
Size of daily mailbag down from 84m in 2005 to 71m in 2010
Losses at Royal Mail Letters grew to £333m, from £200m last year
Global mail volumes predicted to decline by 25-40% by 2015 Source: Hooper review 2010
Mr Cable said that "mutual ownership" would be promoted, spreading worker ownership alongside private capital.
"The Liberal Democrats were the first and only party to call for an employee stake and we are now implementing it in government," he said.
Of the numerous privatisations since the early 1980s, the sale of BT in 1984 created the largest number of employee shareholders.
Billy Hayes, the general secretary of the CWU, said his members would not be impressed with the latest plan.
"Any offer of shares to employees is deeply patronising for people who have invested their working lives to a public service," he said.
Employee ownership
Mr Cable reiterated that the government's plans did not include the sale of the Royal Mail's Post Office business.
In a briefing note published by the Liberal Democrats on Wednesday, the party said the recent report by Richard Hooper had highlighted that the Royal Mail was a company "on the brink".
"It faces a lethal combination of challenges, from falling number of letters being sent to potentially one of the worst pension positions in UK corporate history," the briefing said.
The Lib Dems said they were keen to draw lessons from the success of the employee ownership structure of the department store giant John Lewis and other companies with significant employee share ownership.
The CWU has been lobbying delegates at the conference all week, urging them to keep all of Royal Mail in the public sector.
Last week's TUC conference supported an emergency motion from the CWU, which warned that hundreds of post offices would close and the universal postal service would end if the business was sold off.
The Royal Mail employs 150,000 workers.
One of the things that has always bothered me about the PC(USA) divestment debate and our wider discussion of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is the unacknowledged hypocrisy of criticisms leveled against Israel. I agree that Palestinians are suffering and I hope for the eventual creation of a viable Palestinian state as part of a negotiated two-state solution. Critiques of Israeli occupation and settlement policies are legitimate and necessary.
But how can Americans criticize Israel for “stealing” Palestinian land when our nation is built on land stolen from indigenous peoples? If we demand that Israel return land to Palestinians, should we also be required to return land to Native Americans?
How can Americans call Israel an apartheid state when we live in one of the most segregated nations in the world? How different are “new Jim Crow” policies from apartheid?
After these frustrations were once again stoked at GA221, I attended the Wild Goose Festival and heard Jim Wallis begin his talk on “Racism is America's Original Sin” with this line he penned back in 1987:
The United States of America was established as a white society, founded upon the genocide of another race and then the enslavement of yet another.
That pretty much sums up what I've been trying to articulate. I would go a step further and say that America is an apartheid state.
So one of the things I'm taking away from WildGoose14 is a commitment to studying and naming the many unresolved issues of American colonialism, racism, and apartheid.
Here is a sample of articles and books I've already come across in this past week of thinking about this:
I'll be thinking a lot more about what this trajectory means for my life and ministry, so stay tuned.
In the meantime, how do you respond to the claim that America is an apartheid state?
England international Chris Ashton was a standout signing for Saracens from Northampton in 2012
Saracens have called for the Premiership wage cap to be abolished and say that they have the backing of six other top-flight teams.
Premiership clubs are restricted to spending £5m on player salaries, with that rising to £5.5m next season.
The wage cap is designed to encourage teams to produce young players and enhance the pool of English talent.
"The salary cap has served its purpose," said Saracens chief executive Edward Griffiths.
"It's time to seize a golden opportunity to grow the game, to ensure a level playing field in Europe, to build the strongest league in world rugby and to let players earn market-related salaries.
"We must release the handbrake and step on the accelerator."
Mind the wage cap gap "Certain Premiership clubs have been glancing wistfully across the Channel for some time, and with Dan Carter this week becoming rugby union's first million-pound-a-year player, a formal call for the salary cap to be abolished in order to keep pace with the French was perhaps inevitable. "The salary cap has ensured the Premiership has been a highly competitive competition, but with the cap rising year on year and the second marquee player allowance being introduced, the gap between the "haves" and "have-nots" has already started to widen. "Saracens believe scrapping the cap will grow the game and create a level playing field in Europe, although supporters of, say, regional rugby in Wales may think the opposite."
However, Harlequins chief executive David Ellis described Griffiths' quotes as "somewhat surprising" and said the Twickenham Stoop side "fully support the salary cap".
He continued: "The fundamentals of this regulation were approved recently at a shareholder meeting and so I can't understand why the issue is being raised again so quickly.
"As a club, Harlequins fully supports the salary cap - it is one of the elements which makes our league one of the most competitive in the world.
"Most of the great leagues globally have salary caps or systems in place to monitor spending."
Dan Carter is set to become the best-paid player in the world when he joins Racing Metro next year
The Premiership's 12 clubs, and Championship sides Worcester and Bristol, will discuss the possibility of scrapping the salary limit at a Premier Rugby shareholder meeting on 4 February.
Premiership sides have long strived to compete in Europe against the cash-rich French clubs, who have a wage cap of 10m euros (£7.8m)
New Zealand fly-half Dan Carter is set to become the best paid player in the world by agreeing to join Racing Metro after the 2015 World Cup.
Meanwhile, England and Northampton Saints hooker Dylan Hartley admitted he was close to moving to the Top 14 for an improved wage at Montpellier before signing a new deal at Franklin's Gardens.
2015-16 Premiership salary cap Basic cap is £5.1m, up from £4.76m in the 2014-15 season Clubs can now nominate a second player to be excluded from the salary cap £400k in academy credits, covering players who are under the age of 24, joined the club before their 18th birthday and are earning more than £30k a year Clubs can apply for one injury replacement when one of their players has been injured for a period of 12 weeks or more
From next season, the Premiership's basic salary limit will rise from £4.76m to £5.1m, with a further £400,000 available in academy credits, which cover players who are under the age of 24 and joined the club before their 18th birthday and are earning more than £30,000 a year.
Clubs will also be able to sign two 'marquee' players, whose wages will be excluded from the cap, as long as they arrive from outside the Premiership.
Griffiths added: "English clubs must compete in the European Champions Cup against Irish and French clubs spending two or three times as much on players.
"Imagine the likes of Arsenal and Manchester City being asked to compete with Barcelona, FC Bayern and Real Madrid under those circumstances.
"It would never happen, but it happens in rugby. Strong legal opinion suggests the salary cap, as applied, breaches European competition laws."
Tuesday, November 27, 2007 at 12:28PM
The Voice of the London Underground taken outside and shot.
I used to work in radio in Australia and one of the stations I had a gig at was a brand-new FM channel whose on-air talent was mainly made up of recent radio school graduates. One of the things they loved to do of a Friday night, after the General Manager had left the building, was to play silly-buggers on the intercom. The Breakfast Jock did a really funny impression of a supermarket check-out chick asking for a "Price Check"...another did a tone-perfect rendition of fighter-jets taking off - complete with conversations from the planes to the tower. Somebody else impersonated the Company Secretary giving the Chairman a blowjob in the dunny. It was very funny stuff. So when I saw this post it really struck a chord. Emma Clarke the voice of the London Underground (The Tube) has just been fired for recording and posting some spoofs on her own website as well as, a London Underground spokesman said, "slagging off her client's services". Clarke said she was "wildly misquoted."
"What I actually said was that traveling in a Tube train would be dreadful for me, listening to my own voice and seeing the haunted faces of commuters being subjected to me telling them to 'mind the gap'" ..."I would find it quite an uncomfortable experience in the same way that when I call a company when I'm their on-hold voice and it's me saying - "please press 2 for accounts - it's a creepy experience to be honest".
Here are some of her spoof announcements -
"Do not drop litter on the train. Please use the tramps provided." boomp3.com
"Warning, this is an emergency. I've chipped a nail." boomp3.com
"Would the passenger in the red shirt pretending to read a paper, but is actually staring at that woman's chest, please stop. You are not fooling anyone. You filthy pervert." boomp3.com
We'd like to remind our American tourist friends that you are almost certainly talking too loud." boomp3.com
"Passengers should note that the bearded gentleman's rucksack contains the following items only: Some sandwiches, a library card and a picture of a bare ankle and is no cause for concern." boomp3.com
"Passengers are reminded that a smile is actually a friendship signal - not a sign of weakness." boomp3.com
"Would the gentleman in the pinstripe suit and £1000 glasses who obviously works in the media, please take one step forward on to the track as the train arrives. Thank you." boomp3.com
Residents of London are reminded that there are other places in Britain outside your stinking shithole of a city, and if you removed your heads from your arses for just a couple of minutes, you may realise that the M25 is not the edge of the Earth." boomp3.com
"Passengers are reminded that, like all voiceover artists, I probably look nothing like you imagine and may turn out to be somewhat of a disappointment." boomp3.com
"Would passengers filling in answers on their Sudokus please accept that they're just crosswords for the unimaginative and are not in any way more impressive just because they contain numbers." boomp3.com
"Here we are again, crammed into a sweaty tube carriage. And today's Wednesday - only two more days before you can binge drink yourself into a state of denial about the mediocrity of your life. Oh, for Goodness sake, if you're female, smile at the bloke next to you and make his day. He's probably not had sex for months." boomp3.com
Here's a free London Underground ringtone for you - unfortunately not Emma -
Emma Clarke's wonderful site is up again. She writes about the effect the enormous publicity of the last couple of days has had on her life. There's lots of interesting stuff there. Including her bio which includes writing for -
The Now Show (radio comedy) Stop the World (radio comedy)
Mummification (a one-off radio play) Share and Share Alike (radio sit-com)
Get your Ears around my Mouth (radio sit-com)
Casualty (television drama)
Private Viewing (radio sit-com)
Teleluvvies (an acclaimed play for the Edinburgh Fringe)
The Song's in the Story and the Story's in the Song (a mockumentary, for independent local radio, telling someone's life story through the lyrics of a song)
The Write Stuff (a Channel 4 children's educational show, for which Emma contributed sketches)
She also tells us she's a keen writer and has been working on her first novel for the last five years and is currently writing a one-woman play for the Edinburgh Fringe. She is also working on several ideas for children's television programmes, a comedy drama about a couple who meet over the Internet and poetry. She's a hell of a talent this Voice of the London Underground
You might find This story somewhat droll and all.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE appears likely to garner fewer endorsements from newspaper editorial boards than any other major party nominee in modern history.
Among the nation's 100 largest newspapers by paid circulation, not a single editorial board has sided with Trump.
ADVERTISEMENT
Even Libertarian Party nominee Gary Johnson Gary Earl JohnsonPotential GOP primary challenger: Trump's 'contempt for the American people' behind possible bid The Hill's 12:30 Report — Presented by Kidney Care Partners — Trump escalates border fight with emergency declaration Former Mass. governor takes step toward Trump primary challenge MORE has earned more support, a new tally shows.
Through Monday, 20 of the nation's largest newspapers had formally endorsed a candidate for president. Seventeen have backed Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, the Democratic nominee. Three support Johnson. And USA Today editorial writers, in a break with more than three decades of precedent, weighed in specifically against Trump.
Another paper, the Tulsa World, declined to endorse any of the major candidates on the ballot this year.
“We encourage all voters to participate in the election and to follow their consciences in making the best choice from the least acceptable list of candidates for president in modern times,” the World wrote. “We won't be endorsing any of them.”
The editorial marked the first time in 76 years in which the conservative paper had not backed the Republican nominee for president.
Endorsements from newspaper editorial boards provide campaigns fodder for late-season advertisements, though it's less clear they actually sway votes.
A 2007 poll conducted by the Pew Research Center showed just 14 percent of voters said an endorsement from their local newspaper would make them more likely to vote for a presidential candidate — the same percentage who said a newspaper endorsement would make them less likely to back that candidate.
The Tulsa World is hardly the only conservative editorial board breaking with precedent.
The Dallas Morning News endorsed Clinton, the first Democrat it has backed since Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
The Arizona Republic made Clinton the first Democrat ever to win its endorsement.
The Cincinnati Enquirer also endorsed Clinton, backing its first Democrat since Woodrow Wilson.
Brian Knight, an economist at Brown University who has studied the effects newspaper endorsements have on political races, said the most influential nods are also the most unexpected.
“We find that endorsements matter,” Knight said. “The endorsements with the most influence are those that cross partisan lines.”
Knight's research, which focused on the 2000 and 2004 presidential contests, found that when a conservative editorial board endorses a liberal candidate, or vice versa, it can shift up to 10 percent of readers into the endorsed candidate's column.
Some conservative papers chose Johnson, the former two-term Republican governor of New Mexico, over Trump.
The Chicago Tribune called Trump “a man not fit to be president of the United States.”
The Detroit News picked Johnson over the Republican nominee, a first in its 143-year history.
The Richmond Times Dispatch picked Johnson after concluding neither Trump nor Clinton “meets the fundamental moral and professional standards we have every right to expect of an American president.”
Smaller conservative papers including the New Hampshire Union Leader, the Winston-Salem Journal and the Caledonian-Record have also backed Johnson.
Even during the primaries, Trump struggled to earn backing from newspapers. He won just four endorsements — including one from the National Enquirer and another from the New York Observer, which is owned by his son-in-law, Jared Kushner.
Since 1972, no major party nominee for president has gotten fewer than the 56 endorsements from newspaper editorial boards that George McGovern won, according to Editor & Publisher magazine. That year, 753 papers endorsed Richard Nixon for reelection.
Today, as print circulation declines precipitously, fewer papers exist — and fewer are endorsing candidates. Of the 100 largest papers in the nation, only 76 endorsed either President Obama or Mitt Romney in 2012.
This year, Clinton has won over eight editorial boards that endorsed either Romney or John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE over Obama. In recent weeks, the Democratic nominee has been backed by the Houston Chronicle, The San Diego Union-Tribune, the El Paso Times and the South Florida Sun-Sentinel.
On Sunday, the San Antonio Express-News, which backed McCain in 2008, endorsed Clinton.
Sarah Mearhoff, Joe DiSipio and Ellie Silverman contributed to this report.
Read more from The Hill:
Whip List: Whom the top 100 newspapers have endorsed
The beautiful Artbook and the addictive Soundtrack for the witty action/adventure Stories: The Path of Destinies , are now available for purchase, DRM-free on GOG.com.Every great fairy tale has a beginning, a middle, and an end. The great ones even have multiple endings, and a good number of intriguing middles. They also have stunning imagery enhanced by a fine selection of catchy tunes that stay with you long after all the Stories have been said and done.is one such fairy tale and whenever you are looking to revisit or reminisce on Reynardo's charming adventures, you can now browse through the Artbook or listen to the alluring Soundtrack. You were always looking for an excuse to go back and discover those other endings anyway, weren't you?Return to the magical storybook land of Stories: The Path of Destinies with its Artbook and Soundtrack , DRM-free on GOG.com.Buying both the Soundtrack and the Artbook will get you a 20% series discount.
Timebound is an app for learning about the past in an easy and exciting way. It allows you to follow important historical events hour-by-hour and minute-by-minute. You can join the Titanic on her maiden voyage, witness the hunt for Jack the Ripper, see the first landing on the Moon, experience the first Woodstock festival, and dozens of other thrilling stories.
This is what the Timebound app looks like
Timebound is featured in:
Mental Floss | Kill Screen | TechDigg | Digital Trends | International Business Times Australia | Gotit.media | Conéctica | Crowd Watch | Best Advisor | Afisha | Vc.ru
"Americans' knowledge of history is exceedingly poor, but Timebound could change that." Digital Trends
"Some ideas are so brilliant, yet so simple, that it's almost frustrating to learn about them. 'Why didn't I think of that?' is usually the first thought. The new app Timebound... leverages that simple technology for all it's worth, then combines it with superb research and writing to make something special." TechDigg
"[Timebound is] an intriguing concept. Some events, like the death of JFK, have outsized significance in history, but lasted only a few hours, while others dragged on for years. It's easy to know that World War II lasted for six years; it's another to be reminded of how those events unfolded every day for those 2193 days." Mental Floss
"Would you wake up one morning, now lacking the follicular endowment of the last time Timebound served you a notification, and suddenly discover that hostilities had resumed under Henry V?" Kill Screen
It's a kind of time machine!
Timebound offers you access to an ever-expanding list of the most interesting and important events in history, from Ancient Greece to the beginning of the 21st century. Some events — such as the first spaceflight — last only a few hours or days; others (e.g. World War II) continue for years. Each event included in Timebound has played a crucial role in the history of humankind.
Now you can sit back, select an event, and let the time travel begin!
You'll be notified about every twist and turn of the event you selected, and have a chance to explore its details through historical images, maps, and other media. For example, you can be living in World War II for six years and one day (its actual duration) by receiving event updates in real-time. With push-notifications, you'll constantly keep time with history!
With push-notifications, you'll never miss a Timebound update, even if you miss something else
Live it as it happened
Push-notifications are an essential part of Timebound. They may come in the middle of the night, during a meal, or while you are commuting to work. History will become a part of your daily life.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Here is a demo of Timebound. It shows a push notification that leads to the “JFK Assassination” feed, as well as the countdown timer for “Man On The Moon.”
Is it iOS or Android?
It's both! Right now we have an iOS beta ready for testing. But Timebound will be officially released on both platforms, and all our backers who buy a subscription will be able to choose between the two.
Examples of Timebound events
Timebound will be released in May 2017. Once that happens, we will add one new event each week. You can pick any event at any time and start following it, or wait for a specific start date and live through the event in full calendar sync.
Here are some of the events Timebound will offer (list may be subject to minor changes):
The Titanic voyage and the first man in space
Hiroshima and Nagasaki Bombings and the fall of the Berlin Wall
D-Day and Rumble in the Jungle
JFK Assassination and the Apollo 11 Moon mission
The Battle of Gettysburg and the First Woodstock Festival
The Chernobyl Disaster and the Battle of Waterloo
Is it free?
The Timebound app is free to download. A limited number of events will be free to follow. The full Timebound archive will be available via a monthly or annual subscription. In some cases, it will also be possible to purchase access to single events.
Why time travel?
We think of Timebound as an entry point to history. At the moment, academic historians are testing the app, and we will post their reviews as they will be coming in during the campaign. If you are teaching history and want to collaborate with Timebound, drop us a line! We'd love to give you and your students free access to the app: teachers@timeboundapp.com
Here is one review we received from Jonathan Even-Zohar, director of EUROCLIO, the European Association of History Educators, which unites more than seventy history, heritage, and educational associations and other organizations active in the field:
“I like the idea of the app:
The push messages are fun and interesting way to have this experience of 'time travel'.
The contents of the message are written in good and engaging way.
There is great potential to relate historical content with historical awareness today.
I would propose, however to keep in mind that:
For us it is much more preferable to work with historical sources than with author text.
Visual source material will increase significantly the willingness to read the additional info.”
What does a Timebound event look like?
Here's an excerpt from the JFK Assassination feed, November 22, 1963 (spoiler alert!): 11:54 AM | The presidential motorcade leaves Dallas airport. They are 25 minutes behind schedule. In the presidential limousine, Governor John Connally and his wife Nellie sit in the middle, John and Jacqueline Kennedy take the rear. The motorcade is headed for the Dallas Trade Mart. Thousands of people gather in the streets to greet it.
12:21 PM | The presidential motorcade passes through Main Street in downtown Dallas. The majority of spectators are gathered here. A total of over 150 thousand people line the streets to greet the president.
The majority of spectators are gathered here. A total of over 150 thousand people line the streets to greet the president. 12:22 PM | Pipefitter Howard Brennan walks to the Texas School Book Depository building. Along with many others, he wants to witness the presidential motorcade. He notices a man looking out the sixth floor window of the depository. The man appears and disappears several times, but Brennan makes little of it.
Along with many others, he wants to witness the presidential motorcade. He notices a man looking out the sixth floor window of the depository. The man appears and disappears several times, but Brennan makes little of it. 12:29 PM | Kennedy's limousine turns onto Elm Street. It approaches the Depository building.
It approaches the Depository building. 12:30 PM | Several shots are fired at the President, one of them will become lethal. This happens as the motorcade passes the school book depository. One of the bullets hits Governor Connally, he is wounded. Pipefitter Howard Brennan, who at first mistakes the shots for fireworks, notices that the shooter is the same man he saw in the sixth floor window of the depository several minutes ago.
12:31 PM | Agent Clint Hill jumps onto the moving limousine, trying to protect Jacqueline Kennedy. The motorcade rushes to Parkland Memorial Hospital, about four miles from the shooting site. On the way, Mrs. Kennedy repeats, "They have killed my husband… I have his brains in my hand."
The motorcade rushes to Parkland Memorial Hospital, about four miles from the shooting site. On the way, Mrs. Kennedy repeats, "They have killed my husband… I have his brains in my hand." 12:32 PM | A police officer stops Lee Harvey Oswald in the Book Depository lunchroom. The officer is accompanied by Roy Truly, Oswald's colleague. Truly recognizes Oswald, who is let go and leaves the building.
The officer is accompanied by Roy Truly, Oswald's colleague. Truly recognizes Oswald, who is let go and leaves the building. 12:34 PM | The police determine that the shots were fired from the Book Depository. They begin to seal off the building's exits.
They begin to seal off the building's exits. 12:36 PM | The President is delivered to Parkland Memorial Hospital. The doctor on duty states that the president is still alive. George Gregory Burkley, the presidential doctor who arrives moments later, says it's impossible to save John F. Kennedy's life.
12:40 PM | CBS breaks the news that the president is seriously wounded. News anchorman Walter Cronkite cuts into the broadcast: “In Dallas, Texas, three shots were fired at President Kennedy's motorcade in downtown Dallas. The first reports say that President Kennedy has been seriously wounded by this shooting.”
News anchorman Walter Cronkite cuts into the broadcast: “In Dallas, Texas, three shots were fired at President Kennedy's motorcade in downtown Dallas. The first reports say that President Kennedy has been seriously wounded by this shooting.” 12:43 PM | Pipefitter Howard Brennan notifies the police he saw the shooter. He claims the shots were fired from one of the top floors of the Book Depository and describes the shooter, a slender male in his thirties, dressed in light colored clothing.
He claims the shots were fired from one of the top floors of the Book Depository and describes the shooter, a slender male in his thirties, dressed in light colored clothing. 12:45 PM | The police broadcast the description of the alleged killer. “The suspect from Elm (Street) and Houston (Street) is reported to be an unknown white male, about thirty, slender build, five feet ten inches tall, one hundred and sixty-five pounds, armed with what is thought to be a 30-30 rifle.” At the same time, FBI Director Edgar Hoover calls the President's brother, Robert Kennedy.
“The suspect from Elm (Street) and Houston (Street) is reported to be an unknown white male, about thirty, slender build, five feet ten inches tall, one hundred and sixty-five pounds, armed with what is thought to be a 30-30 rifle.” At the same time, FBI Director Edgar Hoover calls the President's brother, Robert Kennedy. 12:57 PM | Father Oscar Huber administers last rites to John Kennedy. The Catholic priest arrived at Parkland Memorial Hospital for this express purpose.
Image sources: Barcroft Media, JFK Presidential Library and Museum, Mary Krahmer / Wikimedia Commons.
Meet the team
We've assembled a team of writers, designers, and developers with experience in leading international media like Esquire and Forbes. We also have experience in academic history. That means the app isn't just beautiful and entertaining. Each event is carefully researched from different points of view; only facts from reliable sources make it into Timebound. Here are the core team members:
Editorial. Dmitry Golubovsky, journalist, historian, Timebound CEO (left). 15 years of experience in media, including three years as editor-in-chief at Esquire Russia. Also known for pronouncing the longest word in the world – the chemical name for titin, a huge protein. Aside from that, he also holds a PhD in history (2009). Mikhail Kazinik, journalist, traveller, Timebound editor-in-chief (right). 12 years experience writing and editing features on history, travel, and social issues for Russian editions of Esquire, Forbes, and various publications of Afisha Publishing House.
Design and product. Maxim Nikanorov, Pavel Alexeev, Vyacheslav Zhitnikov (from left to right). For 10 years, they were the force behind Esquire Russia, its print publication, which won international design awards, as well as a popular site, an iPad edition, and various digital projects. At Timebound, Maxim and Pavel curate the design, Vyacheslav is the product director.
Development. Ilya Tikhonov, Timebound CTO (left), and Ivan Mikhailov, lead developer (right), worked on various media projects at Esquire Russia and Afisha Publishing House. They also developed the newsgame Archanoid, which explores the tragedy of demolished historical buildings in Moscow.
We would like to thank Katya Romanovskaya for help with the campaign, Viktor Gorbachev and Zhanna Gureeva for making our video, Andrey Testov, Polina Kirilenko, Tamara Eidelman, Alexey Alikin, Dmitry Perevozchikov, and Sergey Bondarenko for help with the events, Gleb Arkhipov and Andrey Kozlov, as well as Dmitry Vlasov and Rustam Galiullin from 4taps for the iOS app, Alex van Oss and Paul Richardson for reviewing the texts, and all our beta-time travellers. We would also like to thank our friends and colleagues at the educational site Arzamas.academy. Without their help, there would be no Timebound!
A mayoral candidate in Toledo, Ohio warns that if she is not elected mayor God will “visit the city in the greatest destruction” they've ever seen.
Self-proclaimed prophetess Opal Covey insists it's God's plan for her to lead the city, and if she's not elected, God will be very angry.
Covey, a Republican, is making her fifth run for the mayoral office. Covey told The Toledo Blade:
I have to run until I become mayor. This is God's plan, for me to be here and to be mayor.
Speaking with NBC24 Covey said:
God sent me to look upon Toledo…
Covey feels she has been robbed of votes as part of what she believes to be ongoing corruption in city government. Covey said:
I've run four times, this will be my fifth. I won the election in 2013 – it might be a shock to you, but not to a lot of people because my votes have been stolen ever since I've been running.
NBC24
reports that prior to the conclusion of the interview Covey was asked if there was anything else she would like to add. After pausing, Covey said:
Great destruction will come upon… (speaking in tongues – much gibberish)… Thank you, Jesus. That was a confirmation. If people don't give me what I earned in 2013 back, and I'm not on that seat in November, then you'll see God come and visit in the city in the greatest destruction you've ever seen.
If Jesus confirmed it, it must be true.
Good luck, Toledo.
Watch the interview below:
President Obama urged Congress Thursday to vote in the coming weeks to repeal billions in oil industry tax breaks in an attempt to parry growing Republican attacks on the White House over high gas prices.
“I am asking Congress to eliminate this oil industry giveaway right away,” Obama said during a speech at Nashua Community College in swing-state New Hampshire.
“I want them to vote on this in the next few weeks. Let's put every single member of Congress on record.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama and Democrats in Congress have long seen nixing oil-and-gas industry tax breaks as a winning political issue, but legislation to eliminate them is unlikely to win congressional approval because Republicans and oil-state Democrats oppose the plan.
Still, Obama is betting that the plan will resonate with the public amid high gas prices and soaring oil company profits.
"Every time you fill up the gas tank, they're making money," Obama said, referring to oil companies.
Republicans quickly blasted Obama's plan to eliminate oil industry tax breaks Thursday.
“A freshman-year economics student could tell you that increasing taxes on energy production would make gas prices go up, not down," an aide to House Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) said in an email. "With energy costs already threatening our recovery, that's not a very good idea.”
The GOP hopes to pin voter anger over high gas prices on Obama. They argue Obama hasn't done enough to expand domestic drilling and criticize his rejection of the Keystone oil XL pipeline as contributing to higher prices.
Gas prices are averaging $3.73 per gallon, according to AAA. That's up about 12 cents from this time last week and 35 cents from this time last year.
Thursday's speech was Obama's second high-profile energy speech in as many weeks, signaling that the White House is conscious of the fact that soaring gas prices could hurt Obama at the polls this November.
To counter GOP arguments, Obama tried Thursday to paint Republicans who oppose eliminating the tax breaks as puppets of the oil industry.
“You can either stand up for the oil companies, or you can stand up for the American people,” Obama said. “You can keep subsidizing a fossil fuel that's been getting taxpayer dollars for a century, or you can place your bets on a clean energy future.”
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview MORE (D-Nev.) signaled Thursday that he's open to voting on legislation to repeal oil industry tax breaks.
“Well, we've done it before. No reason not to do it now,” he told The Hill in the Capitol.
Obama also sought to protect himself on the Keystone issue by highlighting his support for TransCanada's plans to carry oil from Oklahoma to Texas as part of the broader Keystone XL pipeline.
"Just this week, we announced that we'll do whatever we can to help speed the construction of a pipeline in Oklahoma that will relieve a bottleneck of oil that needs to get to the Gulf — something that will help create jobs and encourage more production," Obama said.
Obama has insisted that the decision to reject the Alberta-to-Texas pipeline was not based on the merits, and has previously blamed Republicans for forcing the administration to weigh in on the project within 60 days under a provision in a package to extend the payroll tax cut.
Obama also touted his energy record, including efforts to expand oil-and-gas production both offshore and onshore.
Much of the address echoed the themes of an energy speech he delivered last week in Florida at the University of Miami, where he alleged that Republicans are playing politics with gas prices.
He stressed that there are no quick fixes for high gas prices, dismissing plans by Republicans — both in Congress and on the campaign trail — to lower prices at the pump. “That's just not how it works,” Obama said.
Federal policymakers have few options to lower gas prices in the short term, according to experts. Gas prices are largely tethered to oil prices, which are set on global markets. Even a dramatic expansion of domestic oil-and-gas leasing would have little short-term effect on gas prices, they say. But Obama said he is directing his administration to look for ways to give consumers relief at the pump in the short term.
The president again called for an “all-of-the-above” energy plan that includes reduced dependence on foreign oil, expanded domestic oil and gas production, increased vehicle fuel efficiency and greater investments in renewable energy.
Obama called on his supporters to press their member of Congress to eliminate the tax breaks.
"So I'm asking everyone here today, and everyone watches at home, to let your members of Congress know where you stand," he said. "Will you do that?"
—This story was updated at 2:20 p.m.
Letter to a Christian Young Man Regarding Joining the Military
The following letter was sent to a Christian young man I know who was considering joining the military. He hasn't joined as of yet, and I hope and pray that he doesn't. I am posting this letter publicly in the hope that it might persuade some Christian young men I don't know from joining the military. This letter was published on February 13, 2009, on LewRockwell.com. At the end of the letter I included this appeal:
If any readers are veterans, consider themselves to be Christians, agree with the sentiments expressed in this letter, and would be willing to let me append their name, branch, and rank to any future use of this letter, please contact me at lmvance@laurencemvance.com. The fact that you “served” and I didn't might be what is needed to help persuade some young man (or woman) to not join the military.
The names appended to this letter are those of Christian veterans who contacted me. I have listed the ranks just as they were given to me. If you are a Christian veteran and wish to have your name added, please contact me with your name, branch, and rank and I will add your information. If I have posted your name in error, made a mistake of some kind, or you wish to have your name removed, please contact me and I will remove or correct your information.
____________________
Dear ______:
I have been told that you are thinking about joining the military. I hope I am misinformed. I understand that you are having trouble finding a job, but think that, as a Christian young man, you are making a big mistake if you join today's military.
First of all, you were raised in a Christian home and went to Christian schools your whole life. You will be needlessly exposed to much wickedness in the military. You will unnecessarily face temptations that you have never been exposed to. Why put yourself in this position? It is a fact that there is a network of brothels around the world to service U.S. troops stationed overseas. I know that you are a clean young man and have a girlfriend, but don't deceive yourself into thinking that you can remain clean in the military. Because I write on war and military issues, I have scores of veterans, Christian and otherwise, who have written me that will back up everything I am saying.
Second, it is one thing to join the military out of a sense of patriotism, but how does joining the military for financial reasons make you any different than a mercenary? I know that sounds harsh, but would you consider joining the military if you had a good job right now?
Third, the senseless wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have no end in sight. There is no guarantee that you will not be sent to Iraq, Afghanistan, or some other God-forsaken place where you could be in danger of losing life or limb. And for what?
Fourth, you can't trust military recruiters. Like a car salesman, they are trying to make their monthly quota. They have been caught on tape lying to young men, even telling them that no troops were being sent to Iraq anymore.
Fifth, I know that you have a very low opinion of the new president, Barack Obama. I share your opinion completely. As a member of the military, Obama would be your commander in chief. You could be sent anywhere to fight for Obama. Are you willing to fight and possibly die because Obama thinks it necessary to send American troops into some other war?
Sixth, in the military, you will be expected to blindly follow the orders of your officers. Independent thought is not tolerated. Please consider the words of U.S. Marine Corps Major General Smedley Butler (1881–1940), a two-time Congressional Medal of Honor winner: “Like all the members of the military profession, I never had a thought of my own until I left the service. My mental faculties remained in suspended animation while I obeyed the orders of higher-ups. This is typical with everyone in the military service.” Major General Butler became disillusioned with military service and wrote a famous book called War Is a Racket in which he said: “War is a racket. It always has been. It is possibly the oldest, easily the most profitable, surely the most vicious. It is the only one international in scope. It is the only one in which the profits are reckoned in dollars and the losses in lives.”
Seventh, the purpose of the U.S. military is to defend America. But not only is the military not being used in defense of the country, it is being used to guard the borders, patrol the coasts, and defend the shores of other countries. The purpose of the military has been perverted by the interventionist foreign policy of the United States. There are American troops stationed in 147 countries and 10 territories. I know this for a fact because I have researched this in official Department of Defense documents and written about it on many occasions. The current use of the military is contrary to the American Founding Fathers' policy of nonintervention in the affairs of other countries.
Eighth, joining the military may have an adverse effect on your future family. I know that you have a girlfriend that you are very serious about. You should know that the breakup of marriages and relationships because of soldiers being deployed to Iraq and elsewhere is epidemic. Multiple duty tours and increased deployment terms are the death knell for stable families. What makes you think that the military will never send you away from your family for an extended period of time? You know that the possibility exists, so why gamble with your family? And then, as if being away from your family wasn't bad enough on you and them, some soldiers come home with such physical and/or mental problems that they are unable to return to civilian life. Debt, doctors, and divorce lawyers soon consume their finances.
Ninth, joining the military means that you may be put into a position where you will have to kill or be killed. What guarantee do you have that you will be in a non-combat role? Can you in good conscience pull the trigger against any “enemy” that the U.S. government sends you thousands of miles away to kill?
And finally, you would have problems even if you went into the military as a chaplain. Taxpayer-supported chaplains have to serve two masters: God and the state. Compromise is inevitable. He that pays the piper calls the tune. To become a chaplain in the U.S. military, one must obtain an ecclesiastical endorsement from an organization approved by the Pentagon as an Endorsing Ecclesiastical Organization. According to the chaplain requirements, one of the things that the endorsement should certify is that a military chaplain should be “sensitive to religious pluralism and able to provide for the free exercise of religion by all military personnel, their family members and civilians who work for the Army.” I know that you are a conservative Christian and are averse to compromising your religious convictions. You will, however, be expected to do just that. As a chaplain, you would be expected to ask God to bless the actions of U.S. troops even if they were fighting in an unjust war. Can you in good conscience do this?
Please remember that if you join the military, there is no getting out until your enlistment period is up. I hope and pray that you don't make the mistake of joining.
In Christ Jesus our Savior,
Laurence Vance
____________________
Auchtung, Matthew Glenn, Army, Captain, Intelligence Officer
Arnold, Chester; Marines, Sergeant
Babb, Paul; Army, Specialist E-4
Barletta, Don; Army, Sergeant E-5
Barnett, Gary; Army, PFC
Beadle, Mark; Marines, Corporal
Beaulieu, Tom; Air Force, Sergeant
Bentley, James; Navy, Sonar Technician
Berdanier, Ian; Marines, Enlisted
Berndt, Andrew; Marines, Sergeant
Bernier, Stephen; Air Force, SSGT
Biega, Bill; Army, Specialist E-6
Billman, Keith; Marines, Corporal
Blagg, James; Army, Colonel
Boyd, Kenneth; Marines, Corporal
Boyett, Joseph; Air Force, Colonel
Bradshaw, Kim; Marines, SSgt.
Brunner, Robert; Army, Sergeant E-5
Campie, Michael; Air Force, Captain
Cannon, Bruce; Navy, Electrician's Mate E-3
Carroll, Mark; Marines, Enlisted
Carroll, Jeffrey; Army, Specialist E-4
Case, Tim; Army, CW3
Cheney, David; Navy, FTG3
Cloyd, Jeff; Navy, Machinists Mate 3rd Class
Cole, William; Marines, Corporal
Cook, Leonard; Marines, Sergeant
Cranmer, Hal; Air Force, Major
Davis, Chad; Navy, YN2
Detzner, Bill; Army, Specialist Four
Dohoney, Nathan; Army, Sergeant
East, Brian; Army, Sgt.
Ely, Jack; Navy
Evanoff, Alexandra; Army, Specialist E-4
Evans, Scott; Navy, Chief Petty Officer
Fisher, David; Marines, Sergeant; Navy, Petty Officer 1st Class
Forrester, Keith; Army, Specialist
Gaddy, Michael; Army, Command Sergeant Major
Glaser, James; Marines, Sergeant
Golubski, Dianne; Air Force, Sergeant
Golubski, Frank; Air Force, Senior Airman
Gonzalez, John; Navy, Lieutenant
Grossklas, William; Army National Guard, Sergeant E5
Hagerty, Patrick; Marines, Corporal
Haines, David; Air Force, Tsgt E-6
Hamby, Randy; Air Force, Ssgt E-5
Harris, John T.; Navy, AT2
Holson, James; Army, Military Police Corps
Janness, Mark; Army, Specialist 4th Class
Jenkins, Ed; Navy, Builder 2nd Class E-5
Johnson, Angela; Army, E-2
Johnson, Charles; Navy, RM3
Jones, David; Navy, MM2
Jones, Eric; Navy, MM2 E-5
Jones, Jeffrey; Army, Specialist E-4
Kalisky, Pete; Air Force, Lt. Col Ret.
Kliesen, James; Army, Spec 5
Knapp, Fred; Marines, Enlisted
Knecht, David; Army, Captain
Landry, James; Navy, SN
Lewis, Daniel; Army, Sergeant E-5
Linnebur, Harold; Marines, Corporal
Lowe, Thomas; Navy, E-3
Ludwig, Mike; Army, SPC5
Marshall, Eric; Air Force, Senior Airman
Martin, Philip; Marines, Corporal
McCarthy, Thomas; Army, Specialist E-4
McCauley, Vincent; Marines, E-3
Metzger, William; Army Reserve, Chief Warrant Officer 3
Miller, Andrew; Air Force, Captain
Mitchell, Thomas S.; Army, Staff Sergeant
Moe, Leon; Army, Specialist 5th Class
Montgomery, Patrick; SGT E-5 Army
Moore, James; Army, Tech Sergeant
Moorhouse, David; Air Force, Sergeant
Moreland, Natalie Amos Yawn; Navy, Electrician's Mate 3rd Class
Morris, Eric; Army, Captain
Mullen, Linda; Marines, Sergeant
Nelson, Ken; Army, 1st Lieutenant
Norris, Gerald; Air Force, Sergeant
O'Brien, Sean; Navy, Machinist Mate E-5
Page, Lauren; Air Force, Master Sergeant
Pearson, James; Army, Captain
Peddicord, David; Air Force, Sergeant
Polomny, John; Navy, Electricians Mate 2nd Class
Potter, Eric; Air Force, Captain
Province, Travis; Marines, Corporal
Reith, Mike; Air Force, Major
Rice, J.D.; Air Force, Sergeant
Roda, John B.; Navy, GMG2
Rodriquez, Craig, Marines, Corporal
Rorie-Baety, Walt; Marines, Sergeant
Ross, Michael; Marines, Corporal
Ruppert, William; Navy, Electricians Mate 3rd class
Russell, Jim; Army, Specialist 4th Class
Ryken, Daniel; Army, Sergeant
Sacco, Ed; Army, Band
Schmatz, David; Army, Sergeant
Schoolfield, Jim; Navy, 2nd Class Petty Officer
Schuberg, Mark; Navy, Lieutenant
Scott, Jack; Navy, Machinist's Mate 2nd
Simpson, Richard; Air Force, Senior Airman
Snively, William; Army Reserve, E-6
Southorn, Jason; Army, Sergeant E-5
Stevens, Tim; Navy, Quarter Master 3rd Class
Stimeling, Brittin; Army, Specialist E-4
Stoppelbein, Joseph; Army, Captain
Sweigart, Steve; Marines, Sergeant
Tuuri, Michael; Navy, Electronics Technician Radar 2nd Class E-5
Venaglia, John; Army, Major
Vied, Joshua; Marines, Machine Gunner
Walters, David; Marines, Captain
Welling, Richard; Army, Major
Weltman, Craig; Coast Guard, Lieutenant
Whitfield, George; Marines, Corporal
Wigton, Richard; Marines, Corporal
Wilson, Greg; Marines, Captain
Woodard, Brian, Air Force, Sr. Airman
Zahringer, Kenneth; Air Force, Captain
Lifting a decadelong ban by the state, a district court judge ruled this week that transgender people on medical assistance have the right to gender transition surgeries.
Monday's decision by Ramsey County Judge William Leary will now allow 64-year-old Evan Thomas, who sued the Department of Human Services, to proceed with surgery that state law had previously denied him.
Thomas' victory was the first legal challenge of the law, which the judge said was unconstitutional.
“For many of us, the ability to have the surgeries is a matter of life and death,” Thomas said Wednesday. “Feeling you are in the wrong body can be devastating.”
Leary rejected the state's claim that the coverage ban was because of budgetary constraints and that change to the federal medical assistance program in January that will allow such surgeries made the suit moot.
The suit was filed in December by the American Civil Liberties Union of Minnesota (ACLU) on behalf of Thomas and the advocacy group OutFront Minnesota. It challenged the state's Medical Assistance and MNCare programs for public insurance for low-income residents. Those programs won't pay for surgeries such as hysterectomies, mastectomies, vaginoplasty and phalloplasty, among others, if they're related to gender assignment. But they do cover the same surgeries for other medical needs.
The suit alleged that the law discriminated against people who are transgender, infringed on transgender people's right to privacy and violated the state Constitution.
Changes were made to the federal Affordable Care Act in July to ensure state medical assistance plans would allow transitional surgeries, and states had until Jan. 1 to implement the changes.
In a statement Wednesday, the Department of Human Services said it supports the court's decision to strike down the law.
“The department has been working to provide health care services related to gender transition since a federal rule went into effect in July 2016. The district court order brings the state into compliance with this federal rule and ensures the department may provide this service to Minnesotans.”
Over the past three years, Thomas began counseling and more recently, hormone therapy, to transition into a man. But medical assistance wouldn't cover his request for a double mastectomy.
He said he had known since he was a child that he didn't feel right in his body, “as if parts of it belonged to another species.”
Thomas was found to have gender dysphoria, a “serious medical condition” of feeling incongruence between birth gender and gender identity. If left untreated, it can lead to significant psychological distress, the suit said.
Thomas describes himself as naturally shy. Going out in public made him anxious, knowing he wasn't able to fully portray “how I felt about myself in my body.” He had a serious bout of depression and suicidal thoughts, not uncommon in the transgender community, he said.
The state allowed transition surgeries for people on medical assistance for 30 years before coverage stopped in 2005. “OutFront Minnesota is delighted by this ruling,” said Phil Duran, legal director of OutFront Minnesota. “And it could have broader impact on protection of transgender people in schools and other state government programs.”
About a dozen states have Medicaid programs that cover transition surgeries. Although changes to the Affordable Care Act on Jan. 1 would have affected current state medical assistance programs, there could be challenges to the law or changes by the new White House administration, said Teresa Nelson, legal director of the ACLU of Minnesota.
“Having the current law on the state books is a stigma to the transgender community,” she said.
Thomas said the surgery is critical to his well-being. His surgery is planned for this month.
“I'm so happy we won,” he said. “The judge's ruling is a forceful statement that transgender people deserve equal treatment under the law.”
A doctor in Telangana pulled off a Veeru (from Sholay) like stunt and climb on a tower threatening suicide.
But there's a twist in the tale, the doctor did not threaten suicide to profess love but because he wanted a divorce.
via GIPHY
Dr. B Ajay Kumar Rao, who is a doctor at a private hospital in Arpalli village, said his wife Lasya was harassing him with police cases and thus he wanted a divorce. Since Rao failed to convince her, he climbed a local tower and refused to come down.
He dropped a letter from the 40-feet tall tower which said that he wants a divorce.
Describing his ordeal Dr. Ajay wrote in the letter, "My wife threw me out of my house after lodging a case the second time two days ago and the police is also pressurising me. I want custody of my daughter and divorce from wife."
After much coaxing the police finally succeeded in bringing him down. The couple was then sent for counselling.
Jagityal town police inspector Prakash said that Ajay and Lasya married seven years ago and have a daughter. Recently a case of dowry, harassment and domestic violence was filed against him.
WATCH | Telangana: Doctor climbs atop mobile tower demanding divorce from wife
by
The Coyotes were trounced by the Winnipeg Jets last night. The afterparty interviews with Coach Tippett and Captain Doan were predictably about accountability, same as they ineffectively were after the last loss (to the Ducks) of a poor home stand.
There's been fan backlash over the last series of games, plenty of opinions about who needs to sit or be traded, plenty of finger pointing and plenty of consensus using general terms like “the defense has to be better”.
The flip side are people insisting Coyotes fans need to take a chill pill, it's all under control and there's plenty of time for the team to recover. They point to the team's record during the run up to the Pacific Division Championship and to the points proximity to a playoff spot.
My non-expert but interested opinion is the truth lies somewhere between the two. We're neither at rock bottom and need to blow everything up nor is anything clearly under control or resembling a comfortable situation.
Horse's Mouths
Tippett:
“We're talked out here, more meetings than you can shake a stick at. It's about doing now. We'll see who can do it.”
Doan:
“Even saying something tonight, today, was beating a dead horse. …If one guy in here thinks it's someone else's fault, they're wrong.”
The above comments came after the Jets were afforded a chance to snap a five game losing streak and after a standing ovation for the team pumped up to play for their new head coach. After being blown out by a traditionally poor team, Mike Smith's chances at Olympic ice time are fading fast.
Western Panic Attack
Pressure to perform is coming early this season. Realignment has shifted the balance of power in the Western Conference more significantly than in the Eastern. The top three teams from each Division will reach the playoffs, then the balance of the Conference battles it out for two Wild Card spots.
The Western Conference dominates the top spots in the NHL and it already looks like if the Coyotes make the playoffs it will be via the Wild Card route. The three teams atop the Pacific Division look like they won't be relinquishing their spots, with the worst of them (the LA Kings) ahead of the Coyotes by five full games.
The Canucks sit three full games ahead of the Coyotes in the Wild Card race, the Wild have two games. Yes, the Coyotes have some “games in hand” on both teams, but we've been touting that advantage for some time now and the only progress is down the standings instead of up.
The Coyotes were vying for the number one spot in the entire NHL toward the beginning of the season.
It's too early to panic, but it's not too early to get some serious wrinkles in your forehead. That pressure is palpable and is undoubtedly a significant influence on the continued doofosity (penalties, turnovers galore) the team exhibits on the ice.
Injuries Hurt
While “man games” lost to injury (mangameslost.com) isn't bad for the Coyotes, it has affected key guys. Rusty Klesla was knocked out early. He is back, but isn't performing to his former standards. Shane Doan was felled by a tick, Derek Morris was out for a personal issue, OEL missed some time, Z remains out, Ribeiro is a game time decision, etc.
It's easy to argue that every player is a key man on the Coyotes with their non-star system and roster. That's valid up to a point, for example losing Michalek had an immediate and lasting impact on penalty killing efficiency.
It doesn't matter in the end. Injuries are a fact of life in professional sports and teams have to find ways around the adversity and the Coyotes have not done so recently.
Turnovers
Everybody but Stan Wilson and the coaching staff is turning the puck over. Everybody.
Defensive zone turnovers are the most visible and the most likely to draw both goals and criticism. As they should, but that's not the whole story.
The Coyotes have made their living with mobile, aggressive defensemen. Those are the guys with the big minutes and the big points. The problem with having your D down the ice is that even offensive zone turnovers often become a race to stop a shot on our goalie. It happens a lot and the end result, while perhaps initiated by a forward, becomes a “defensive breakdown”.
Mike Smith plays a dangerous style, it's why we love him or hate him or both. The price for that style is getting stung once in awhile, sometimes in spectacular fashion. That price includes turnovers while being out of position for a save. The upside is huge stretch passes and some really amazing stick handling that used to baffle opposing teams.
I think NHL coaches now have a book on Smitty that's hampering the effectiveness of his rambling style. While the shelling and pulling of Greiss makes that theory shaky, I've been watching and it seems Smith is getting trapped in his trapezoid with some regularity.
So What's Your Fix, Smarty Pants?
I don't have a fix. The team is shopping for a beefy defenseman and a physical forward to play with Vrbata and Hanzal. Both would help, but the cupboard is apparently close to bare. Assume the roster is status quo, the Coyotes have had success with similar guns in their arsenal.
As a non-expert, I figure any NHL team can beat any other NHL team on a given day. I believe the mental game is the deciding difference in more games than it appears. The nebulous “leadership” will eventually prevail in dispelling the funk, but in the meantime I'd consider:
Make it clear cross ice passes in the defensive zone are a last resort, put it up the wall until the mojo returns. Period.
Smitty is the number one goaltender. I'd see if he and Burke can work out some way to tone down the out of net play a notch or two until the train is back on the tracks.
Insist that somebody, the bigger the better, plant themselves in front of the opposing goaltender at every opportunity. Every other team in the NHL that I've seen is significantly better than the Coyotes at doing so.
Make it clear that a poke check isn't good enough to stop a forward coming down the boards in the defensive zone, body contact is preferable.
Offensive players have defensive responsibility at all times in every zone. You get lazy and let a puck or player slide by because it looks like the defense “has it”, you will sit.
Last night, Dustin Byfuglien ran Mike Smith repeatedly and with impunity. The zebras ignored it and so did the Coyotes. Buff needed to be popped in the face regardless of the consequences of smacking a beefy guy, certainly after the second time he did it. It didn't happen.
Big Picture
No matter what, we have a team to gripe about. This time last year, that was two weeks from a huge smack to the head when the Jamison deal expired.
It's hard not to feel a sting from our optimism at the beginning of the season, celebrating new life for the team with new owners. Not much of that has changed, this is a temporary slump.
Following Thursday night's shutout loss to the San Jose Sharks, the Philadelphia Flyers officially became the low-scoring team in the NHL. Through 19 games, they've averaged 1.79 goals per contest, last in the league behind the Anaheim Ducks.
The main culprits early in the season were superstars Claude Giroux and Jakub Voracek, who started slow in terms of point production. But both have turned it around recently - Giroux has eight points in his last nine games, and Voracek finally scored his first goal of the year on Saturday against Carolina.
Still, the team-wide goal woes have continued despite Giroux and Voracek picking up the pace. Frustration needed a new target, and it found one in center Sean Couturier. In 13 games, Couturier has only one goal and two assists for three points, putting him on a 19-point pace over 82 games. That would be the least productive offensive season of Couturier's career, and a huge disappointment for a second line center who many believe still has untapped potential.
Clearly, Couturier's tangible production has been lacking so far. But there remain positive signs in the young forward's play. For example, he dominated at even strength in matchups against Alexander Ovechkin last week, and Joe Thornton this week. Why is Couturier driving play against top competition but still cannot light the lamp?
A puck possession breakout
Right now, there is a disconnect between two sects of the Flyers fanbase - the analytic community and those who favor basic stats - when it comes to Sean Couturier's performance this season. The latter points to his production and argues that it's far below average for a second line center, Couturier's current role. He may be posting strong shifts, but at some point, all of the cycling deep in opponents' zones needs to result in some goals.
The analytic community, on the other hand, looks at Sean Couturier's puck possession statistics and sees a player on the verge of a breakout season.
So far in his career, Couturier has been a middle-of-the-road forward in terms of even strength puck possession. To his credit, Couturier has long taken tough matchups and difficult faceoffs, which accounted a bit for the uninspiring numbers. But with recent research pointing towards the conclusion that quality of competition and zone starts do not have a major effect on individual possession metrics, it became fair to wonder if Couturier would always be a break-even Corsi player.
But this year, Couturier has taken a significant leap forward.
That's not just an improvement, it's a quantum leap. In 2015-16, Couturier has been right in line with Claude Giroux and Jakub Voracek (historically stellar Corsi players) when it comes to on-ice puck possession. This is why those who adhere to stat-based analysis are so excited about Couturier's play this season - through thirteen games, he's showcased a dramatic improvement in a key area.
Less on-ice shots and chances?
While Sean Couturier has been on the ice at 5-on-5 this year, the Flyers have generated 55.84% of the total shot attempts by both teams. That implies territorial dominance, and over a large sample, will almost certainly result in the Flyers scoring more goals with Couturier on the ice than they allow.
But it doesn't necessarily mean that Couturier will increase his individual point totals.
Let's say that Player A and Player B have equal 60% Corsi For percentages. When Player A is on the ice, his team takes 60 shot attempts and allows 40 per 60 minutes of play. When Player B is on the ice, the team takes 30 shots and allows 20.
Who will most likely score more points? The answer is Player A, because when he is on the ice, the team is creating more shots and more chances for the puck to go in the net. Player B is providing the same degree of territorial dominance, but can't be expected to score nearly as much as Player A, because his team does not generate a high shot volume when he plays.
Sean Couturier has long held a reputation for stellar defensive play. Could Couturier be Player B in this scenario - suppressing shot attempts against but not generating much offense either?
Nope. The Flyers are actually generating more shot attempts, scoring chances, and high-danger scoring chances with Sean Couturier on the ice than with top scorer Claude Giroux.
Not only are the Flyers with Couturier creating more chances than the Flyers with Giroux this year, Couturier's 2015-16 on-ice numbers are better than Giroux's last year, too. Giroux's on-ice high-danger per 60 rate in 2014-15 was 11.20, still behind Couturier's 12.21 so far this season.
Stop missing the net
The Flyers are attempting lots of shots with Sean Couturier on the ice. They're even generating a high amount of scoring chances. What they're not doing is actually hitting the net with regularity.
Couturier is second on the Flyers (behind linemate Matt Read) in on-ice Corsi For (shots on goal, missed shots and blocked shots) per 60 with 61.77. Even in Fenwick For per 60, which removes blocked shots from the equation, Couturier still ranks 5th. But in Shots For per 60, he's way down in 14th, with 26.87.
And here we come to the heart of the problem. Couturier and his linemates are creating opportunities to shoot. They're even getting to high-danger areas. But they're just not hitting the net once they get there.
So much territorial dominance should not result in less on-ice Shots per 60 than Scott Laughton (28.77). Or Pierre-Edouard Bellemare (27.90). Or even R.J. Umberger (27.11). It's hard work entering the offensive zone, establishing a cycle, and finding an open man in scoring areas. The Couturier line has all of that down. They're just failing at the last (arguably most important) task - testing the opposing goaltender.
If they fix this problem while retaining their puck possession advantage, the goals will come.
Couturier must be more assertive
Sean Couturier has taken a measurable leap forward in terms of on-ice puck possession statistics, even if lots of missed shots have blunted the tangible impact of the improvement. But Couturier must take an active role in fixing that problem, and not just by firing more accurate shots. Couturier needs to play a larger role in making key decisions with puck.
Despite all of his on-ice shot metrics going through the roof this season, Couturier's personal shot metrics are way down. In fact, his individual Shots per 60, Fenwick per 60 and Corsi per 60 are all at career lows.
He's deferring more and more to his teammates, which is making him very dependent upon their ability to hit the net and score goals. And these individual declines are coming despite his on-ice Fenwick and Corsi going through the roof, so this chart doesn't even showcase the full extent of Couturier's passiveness.
For example, last season, Couturier personally took 23.19 percent of the unblocked shot attempts while he was on the ice. This year, that percentage is down to 14.28% - another career-low.
Couturier has not been assertive in the neutral zone, either. Among all Flyers forwards, he ranks 13th in 5-on-5 zone entries per 60, despite ranking sixth in Controlled Entry percentage. When he does enter the zone, it's with possession of the puck 46.15 percent of the time. But he only generates 14.80 entries per 60 minutes of 5-on-5 play, less than all forwards except Vincent Lecavalier and Brayden Schenn.
Once the puck is in the offensive zone, Couturier helping to drive possession via great work along the boards and smart passes. But too often, he is deferring to his teammates' skills in key moments. If Couturier wants the team to score more goals while he is on the ice, he would be well-served to be a bit more greedy with the puck, both in the neutral and offensive zones. He would then have more control over the way his line gets on the attack, and how many shot attempts actually hit the net.
Conclusion
Sean Couturier's on-ice possession statistics are through the roof this season, but so far, it's yet to help his individual scoring metrics. His strong Corsi masks poor individual shot generation rates and a line-wide propensity to miss the net with key scoring chances.
The good news is that these problems seem fixable. It's much easier to clean up general shooting accuracy than to teach a player how to create dangerous scoring chances. Regarding his individual shooting issues, Couturier has been more assertive in the past - it's just a matter of the player making a conscious effort to trust his shot and puck handling ability a bit more than he has thus far in 2015-16.
If these problems are fixed, Sean Couturier's stellar on-ice metrics should begin to bear fruit with an offensive rebound. And for a Flyers team in desperate need of scoring, such a rebound would be most welcome.
All statistics gathered from War-On-Ice.com, Stats.HockeyAnalysis.com, or manually tracked by Charlie O'Connor.
Mums who cut fathers out after separation: One in three say Dad should not have said in their child's upbringing
Study found 32% mothers feel they can better handle problems alone
Comes as deepening concern millions of children don't have male role model
85% of fathers would prefer to make decisions as a unit, research finds
Concerns: Judges and education experts warn that if fathers are cut out it could be damaging for the child
One in three separated mothers think their children's fathers should have no say in their upbringing, according to a report yesterday.
It found that 32 per cent of separated mothers thought that they alone had the right to make decisions about their children's future.
The high proportion found by a survey implies that more than one in 10 of all the families in the country include mothers who do not want the fathers of their children to have a say over the future of their children.
The findings were revealed in a survey carried out for the counselling group Relate.
It comes at a time of deepening concern among judges and education experts over the absence of fathers from the lives of millions of youngsters.
Concerns over the way ‘deadbeat dads' have gone missing from their children's lives have been at the forefront of public concern for nearly 25 years.
The Child Support Agency was set up in the early 1990s to try to force absent fathers at least to pay for the children they had abandoned.
But the figure for mothers unveiled by Relate was more than double the number of men who believed that one parent from a separated or divorced couples should be able to decide alone how to raise the children.
Worries over mothers who want to exile separated fathers from their children's lives have been coming to the fore in recent months, notably in two prominent High Court cases in which judges questioned why mothers had been allowed to prevent fathers from taking a role with their children.
The Relate study was based on a YouGov survey taken among more than 1,500 people which asked parents about how they regarded their separation.
Six out of 10 thought a family break-up was always a bad thing and just over half of separated parents acknowledged that the split had had a negative impact on their children.
But the continued bitterness between mothers and fathers, and the wish of many mothers to cut fathers out of their children's lives, was laid bare in questions about how parents should cope with separation.
‘One notable difference was in attitudes between the separated mothers and fathers we asked on who should make decisions about children's futures,' the report said.
‘Here, 68 per cent of separated mothers said both parents should make decisions together about children's futures, compared to 85 per cent of fathers.'
Research: 32 per cent of separated mothers feel they can better handle problems as a single parent
Relate estimates that a third of all British families have been through a parental break-up, so on the counselling group's reckoning around one in nine of all families are led by a mother who wants to keep the father out of decision-making.
Family courts trying to help to war couples re-arrange their lives have long struggled with the difficulty of dealing with intransigent mothers.
Judges are reluctant to punish children further by sending mothers to prison.
At one stage Labour ministers tried to get around the problem with a plan to make mothers who disobey court orders obey curfews and wear electronic tags.
But the finding follows strong remarks from judges in recent cases over the way mothers are sometimes allowed to exile fathers from their children's lives.
Last month High Court judge Mrs Justice Parker set down a judgement that warned social workers: ‘Parents who obstruct the relationship with either mother or father are inflicting untold damage on their children and it is about time the professionals truly understood this.'
Campaign: Fathers For Justice continue to fight for equal parenting rights as growing concerns mount over lack of male role models for millions of youngsters after their parents have separated
In another case Appeal Judge Lord Justice McFarlane condemned family courts that had prevented a father from having regular contact with his daughter for 12 years because ‘the mother appears to want an unhealthy exclusive relationship' with her daughter.
In October Sir Michael Wilshaw, the chief inspector of schools and social care, warned against the alienation of fathers from their families, saying: ‘Children are abused because their biological parents were long ago alienated from each other and the new man in the house - often the latest in a succession of men - is violent and resentful.'
Relate said separating parents should try to communicate with each other, even if there is tension over one having a new relationship.
Chief Executive Ruth Sutherland said: ‘The one thing everyone can be sure of is that it's the wellbeing of children which is of paramount importance here - so finding ways to work together as parents in the best interests of our children is vital.'
Harry Benson of the Marriage Foundation think tank said: ‘Fathers must have a role in their children's lives. Teenagers are much more likely to go off the rails if their fathers are not part of their lives.
RZA is known worldwide as one of hip hop's pioneering figures: Wu-Tang Clan member, MC and producer, actor and director. On April 18, he appears as part of Pittsburgh Arts & Lectures' speakers series, talking about, among other things, his 2009 book The Tao of Wu. In it, he discusses a largely undocumented era of his life — in which Pittsburgh played a role
RZA, born Robert Diggs, grew up in the New York City projects, at one point living with 18 relatives in a two-bedroom apartment. At age 9, he was introduced to hip hop at a street block party. By 11, he was challenging other MC's throughout the city to rap battles.
"I definitely had a confidence that my talent level was amongst the greatest, you know what I mean," he says with a laugh. "It's like Bruce Lee fighting all the time, nobody could do what he did, he developed his own [style]. I felt that's what Wu-Tang had."
Even at that early age, he and fellow Wu-Tang member Ol' Dirty Bastard believed they were destined for greatness, he says. "By the time we are 11 or 12, definitely by that age, I would talk to Dirty like, ‘We're here for something. We're here for a special reason, I can feel it. We're gonna do something great.' We kind of had that feeling and belief in both of us."
In 1990, RZA, in his late teens, left his home in New York City to live with his mother in Steubenville, Ohio. His stepfather ran a convenience store in Pittsburgh, in the Hill District.
"Pittsburgh basically was the weekend spot," he says. "My pops, he would stay the whole week running the store, and maybe I'd go out once, twice a week or whatever. Met some cool dudes out there, pretty tough.
"At that time everybody was into the rough life, shall we say."
In The Tao of Wu, he touches on some of the major stories from his time in Steubenville, including a descent into petty crime and drug-dealing. It culminated in an attempted murder charge — he was facing up to eight years in prison, but was acquitted.
"I had a chance to get off that path of hell," he says. "My moms seen it and she just told me, this is my second chance. I don't really smile a lot, I don't smile in none of my pictures or whatever, but I had a smile on my face that was stuck for at least about 10 hours. The joy of walking out of that situation, and the understanding that, you know what, this is a second chance — I took heed to it. I made that second chance count."
It was in Steubenville, too, that RZA became involved with 4th Disciple, who produced for Wu-Tang-affiliated group Killarmy and helped RZA produce Wu-Tang's 1997 album Forever. He had been a schoolmate of RZA's younger brother, Freedom, who had moved to Steubenville before RZA.
"We used to have meetings at the public library in Steubenville," recalls 4th Disciple. "Everybody would bring information to the table — whether it was Islam, or whatever was spiritual. Everybody would bring it to this table and share information. Freedom had brought RZA to one of the meetings, early in its inception, and that's when we all first met RZA.
"I don't think he even knew I did music in the beginning. It was purely an intellectual, spiritual relationship at first."
Fellow Wu-Tang Clan members Ghostface Killah and Ol' Dirty Bastard also came to spend time in Steubenville, as a getaway from New York City. They would record demos on a four-track in a makeshift studio in 4th Disciple's grandmother's basement.
"I had a hanger with a stocking cap over it that we used for a wind screen," 4th Disciple says with a laugh. "We had a regular, old hand-held, stage-type mic. The mic stand was even broke, so the mic was, like, taped to the mic stand."
RZA crossed paths with some Pittsburgh heads, including McKeesport rapper Sam Sneed, at a hip-hop contest outside Steubenville in 1990.
"I had my group Rougher Than Most," Sneed says. "So, when this contest comes up, we drive up to see what it's about. I had gotten a couple of my artists in it to perform. And that's when I met RZA, when he performed."
"There were some Pittsburgh guys that came down and battled, and that's where I met those brothers," RZA adds. "So, me and Sam Sneed, we stayed friends. I knew him from Pittsburgh. I mean, I helped him get out of town."
Sneed says RZA cottoned particularly to one Pittsburgh rapper, Joe T.
"[Joe T.] was the most lyrical, and he had a song called ‘Slaughterhouse,'" says Sneed. "RZA really liked that song. It's crazy because the first time I ran into RZA out in California, the first thing he asked was, ‘What happened to that guy with "Slaughterhouse"?'"
Sneed would later move to California and sign to Death Row Records, working with Dr. Dre.
"Those [Pittsburgh] guys," says RZA, "I've seen their humble beginnings as well. I recall them trying to do what they were trying to do, and when they did make it to the mainstream I was really proud of them."
Sneed and RZA's paths continued to cross. After they connected at a Source Awards event, RZA invited Sneed to make a cameo in fellow Wu-Tang member Raekwon's music video for the single "Ice Cream." Sneed can be seen throughout the video wearing a bandana and button-up Pittsburgh Pirates jersey. In the mid-'90s, Sneed parted ways with Death Row, in part due to frustrations with the label not releasing his album. Even then, RZA didn't forget about that Pittsburgh kid he'd met in Steubenville.
"After the Death Row thing fell apart, I was still in touch with RZA and I was telling him how I was having a situation where I was trying to get a drum machine," Sneed reflects. "So I'm talking to RZA about it ... and he's like, ‘Man, you should've been told me about that.'
"The next day he sent me 10 grand to get a drum machine and a keyboard — an MPC-3000 and a Triton keyboard."
"I gave him some money and gave him a chance, you know," says RZA. "I thought he was a good dude and shit."
She was the color of happiness
At Oberlin, Sam was a powerful role model, even from afar.
“I thought she was the coolest person ever,” says Oscar d'Oliveira Soens. To Oscar, Sam first appeared as a burst of brilliant yellow.
Oscar has synesthesia, a rare brain phenomenon that triggers an unusual blending of the senses. The condition manifests itself in myriad ways – one person might bite into a rare steak and see a wave of indigo blue, while for another the sound of a lover's voice triggers the smell of ripe oranges.
For Oscar, the world is color-coded. Everything – including people and numbers – corresponds to a different hue. And when Oscar caught a glimpse of Sam that first week on campus, she was the color of happiness.
“Does she go here?” Oscar wondered.
Born a girl, Oscar started taking male hormones almost three years ago. “How I think of my transness is, it's just a hormone deficiency,” Oscar says. “That means that my body doesn't produce enough testosterone.”
The next time Oscar saw Sam, she was driving by in a car.
“She definitely goes here,” Oscar thought. Sam wasn't just cute – to Oscar she represented so much more. “I was like, ‘OK, there could be a place for me at this school.' ”
Sam seemed to be friends with everyone, no matter what group or clique they hung with. Maybe it was her openness that drew so many to her, an expansiveness that included everyone and felt bottomless.
She didn't want anything to come between her and someone else's humanity, says her father. Sometimes, just getting down the street with Sam was an accomplishment: On one trip to New York City, she stopped to give money to each homeless person she passed.
“Every time I saw her, she would come up and say, ‘Hey, love,' and give me the biggest hug,” says Wolf Pulsiano, who got to know Sam while the two worked to start Lilac, a group for trans students at Oberlin.
“It was such a wonderful feeling to feel so cared about,” he says. “And I never knew how to reciprocate that. I felt that I could never get to the point where I felt comfortable enough to show so much love and affection to everyone around me.”
Wolf “sort of identified as a girl” until about 13. He began taking male hormones at 16 or 17 and had top surgery three years ago.
When Wolf first started transitioning, he didn't know a lot. “I researched everything that men do – how men walk, how they sit – and I tried to conform so much.”
Today, when you look at Wolf, you see a lovely, slender young man who wears expertly applied eye shadow and nail polish. Nothing wrong with men looking pretty, he says.
In a word, Wolf can “pass.” Not Oscar. Though injections of testosterone, or T-shots, changed Oscar's emotional life almost at once (“the sun seemed brighter,” Oscar says), they have yet to erase the soft contours of puberty.
“When I go into the coffee shop, they're like, ‘All right, miss, what would you like?' ” says Oscar. “It's a very small thing. I don't mind. I'm feminine, I'm beautiful. It's OK. But that every day? Every time I go out somewhere is like a constant little reminder – it's like a constant itch you can't scratch.”
Oscar and Sam dated for about a month, though people just meeting the couple assumed they'd known each other for years. That's how in sync they were. They talked a little about gender and body issues, just enough for Oscar to know they were on the same page.
Lewis Hamilton
Best result: 1st (Monaco, Canada, Austria, Britain, Hungary, Germany); Championship position: 1st, 217 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 6-6
Lewis is at the height of his powers. The ups and downs have really just been the circumstances of racing. He can still have an off-weekend, as we saw in Azerbaijan, but generally his peaks are as high as they've ever been.
He can always pull it out when he needs to.
Nico Rosberg
Best result: 1st (Australia, Bahrain, China, Russia, Europe); Championship position: 2nd, 198 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 6-6
Nico has relaxed into his game. Maybe since Austin last year he's had a bit of a reboot and I think he's now relaxed in himself. He knows the stuff Lewis can do that he can't do, but his reasoning is that he can still take him on and beat him.
I think he's quite accepting of that and it's actually brought more of an evenness to his game. He's able to bounce back from setbacks. He's not the wheel-to-wheel guy that Lewis is, but that's him. You can only be who you are and that's who he is.
Daniel Ricciardo Best result: 2nd (Monaco, Germany); Championship position: 3rd, 133 points; Qualifying score v team-mates: 11-1
With different team choices, Daniel could have won both Barcelona and Monaco. It wasn't down to him he didn't win those races, it was just how it fell strategically.
He was absolutely on fire in that Monaco weekend. He's had one off-weekend but, overall, he'd be my choice as the number one driver over the first half of this season.
Max Verstappen
Best result: 1st (Spain); Championship position: 6th, 115 points; Qualifying score v team-mates: 4-8
Max is an extraordinary driver - and he's still developing. He doesn't really have a weakness.
The nearest you could say is one-lap pace, which is a trait that goes right back to his karting days. It's not the fact that he can put in a blinding, super lap it's just the fact that he can just do loads of them. He can put himself in places that others can't, can do amazing passes, he's amazing in defence - he's just got everything covered.
He's an extraordinary performer, but in Daniel he's up against a fantastic qualifier and that puts you on the back foot straight away. I'm sure it'll develop more evenly as Max's experience and data bank builds up.
Sebastian Vettel
Best result: 2nd (China, Canada, Europe); Championship position: 5th, 120 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 8-4
We definitely haven't seen the best of Sebastian so far this year. He's done some great races, but he's been patchy. The form of the car has been patchy as well but, for example, at Hockenheim he seemed irritated - even verging on angry - at the team's inability to make the right calls, to put him out in the right bit of track, and things like that.
His driving has looked scrappy. It's unusual, but it is a trait within him. He can have off-weekends when it's not going well for him. When things aren't operating well around him it seems to impact on his personal performance.
Kimi Raikkonen
Best result: 2nd (Bahrain, Spain); Championship position: 4th, 122 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 4-8
Kimi is still the second driver at Ferrari. He might be ahead on points, but that's down to the circumstances of the mechanical retirements Seb's had and other issues.
Although Kimi has had a couple of terrible races, in Monaco and Canada, since he's been re-signed for 2017 he's relaxed a little bit and Hockenheim was probably his strongest performance of the year up to the race.
It is still in there somewhere, but very particular sets of circumstances seem to be required. He doesn't seem to like short-sharp corners or bouncing over the kerbs, which you sometimes need to do for lap time. He's a very particular driver and when you get the right sets of circumstances he looks great. But I don't think we're going to see the driver he was at McLaren again.
Fernando Alonso
Best result: 5th (Monaco); Championship position: 13th, 24 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 8-3
Fernando is at the top of his game. He was out-qualified by Jenson last year when it was possible to make a comparison - where one or the other didn't have a problem - and Alonso felt a bit embarrassed and said "I'm not at my best and will be next year".
In a competitive car he would be winning races, some of his performances have been extraordinary, but you just see little snapshots of what's possible. He's still absolutely the driver he was.
Jenson Button
Best result: 6th (Austria); Championship position: 15th, 17 points; Qualifying score v team-mates: 3-9
When he's having an on-day he's as good as ever. At Hockenheim he was masterful in how he controlled Alonso who used up all his resources trying to pressure him, leading him to fall four places behind JB at the end.
But he's been a little less consistently excellent compared to last year.
Valtteri Bottas Best result: 3rd (Canada); Championship position: 7th, 58 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 10-2
Felipe Massa Best result: 5th (Australia, Russia); Championship position: 9th, 38 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 2-10
If you look back to this time last year and look at his stats, Bottas has annihilated Massa in terms of qualifying pace. That's happened at the same time the car has been slipping backwards from the front of the field, so it's gone relatively unnoticed. But that's more the function of the car and Bottas is doing a very good job.
I think we've seen the best of Felipe. He's still capable of turning in a good performance over a weekend and he's very experienced, but I don't think the cutting edge is there anymore.
Nico Hulkenberg Best result: 6th (Monaco); Championship position: 10th, 33 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 7-5
Sergio Perez Best result: 3rd (Monaco, Europe); Championship position: 8th, 48 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 5-7
When it's all about putting the car on the ragged edge, Hulk is a bit better at doing that then Sergio, but Hulk just doesn't seem to have got his head around the Pirellis whereas Sergio is superb at it.
It's been a bit of a pattern over their time together at Force India.
Carlos Sainz Best result: 6th (Spain); Championship position: 11th, 30 points; Qualifying score v team-mates: 7-5
Daniil Kvyat Best result: 3rd (China); Championship position: 14th, 23 points; Qualifying score v team-mates: 2-10
Carlos is operating at a very high level, he's got more confidence and the performances have become more consistent.
He's made the odd mistake, I think the spin at Silverstone cost him a position or two but lots of people spun there. Had there not been a problem pit stop at Monaco it would have been a podium there and he ended up three or four places back as a result.
There would have been a very different perception of his season had he got that podium, yet the reality wouldn't have been any different. His performance in Hungary was excellent but wasn't really noticed because it didn't involve any wheel-to-wheel stuff.
What's happened to Kvyat is sad to see. I don't think he was ever going to crack it at Red Bull alongside Ricciardo, I don't think he's that level. But on the other hand he's a much, much better driver than he's looked since being demoted and he's obviously suffering a crisis of confidence.
It's almost an impossible situation for him. How do you get yourself out of that when your team have so publicly demoted you? And he's up against a very tough motivated team-mate.
Romain Grosjean Best result: 5th (Bahrain); Championship position: 12th, 28 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 8-4
Esteban Gutierrez Best result: 11th (Spain, Monaco, Austria, Germany); Championship position: 19th, 0 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 4-8
Grosjean seems to have lost the plot a bit since earlier in the year. He's very public in his complaints and doesn't seem to be helping move the car forward. He's dynamite fast but if you're the lead driver you need to be driving the development forward and that car seems to have had the same problems it's had all year, which is braking stability.
It might be a technical thing but he just seems to bring the problem out and complain about it, which is probably counter-productive. I'd probably question what he's doing off-track, but if you give him a good car he'd be electrifying.
Gutierrez is making progress. Will he be given the time to see what his ultimate potential is? I don't know, you don't get much time in F1. You don't get much opportunity to show you're a potential winner.
Kevin Magnussen Best result: 7th (Russia); Championship position: 16th, 6 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 8-4
Jolyon Palmer Best result: 11th (Australia); Championship position: 20th, 0 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 4-8
The Renault is a very difficult car, very under-developed and it's been a bit of a handful. Palmer struggled with it in the early stages but since the car has improved so has he, he's got a much better handle on it.
For two races in a row now he's out-qualified Magnussen, so that's quite an achievement. I'd say Palmer made a bit of a breakthrough in Hungary, as up until then it wasn't looking good. Magnussen must find it hard to remain motivated, but I'm sure if he hangs in there all will come good.
Pascal Wehrlein Best result: 10th (Austria); Championship position: 17th, 1 point; Qualifying score v team-mate: 7-5
Rio Haryanto Best result: 15th (Monaco); Championship position: 23rd, 0 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 5-7
Pascal has put some races together. He's terrific on the first lap with some of the moves and defences he's doing and he can really race.
Haryanto has not been particularly rated but the fact he can out-qualify Pascal on merit 40 per cent of the time maybe either suggests Rio is better than his reputation or that it's something Pascal needs to work on.
Marcus Ericsson Best result: 12th (Bahrain, Spain); Championship position: 21st, 0 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 7-5
Felipe Nasr Best result: 12th (Europe); Championship position: 22nd, 0 points; Qualifying score v team-mate: 5-7
Nasr had a confidence crisis but has come out the other end of it now. I think Nasr is way better than his reputation but probably needs quite a lot of support and a helping hand. He was very highly regarded at Williams when he was there, he has potential but he's not always able to access it.
Marcus is very aggressive on the car and he can wring some sort of time from it, but you need to really see him in a more competitive car to gauge where he's really at.
Facebook must pay £3,000 damages to a loyalist flag protester for online comments about his children's religion, a High Court judge ruled on Tuesday.
Mr Justice Colton made the award after finding the social media giant liable for misuse of private information.
Any fair or objective reading of the references to the children could not possibly be justified, even in the context of his participation in loyalist protests Mr. Justice Colton
The man at the centre of the case, referred to only as J20, sued Facebook over a series of offensive comments posted on its pages.
He came under focus for his involvement in demonstrations following a decision in December 2012 to limit the flying of the union flag at Belfast City Hall.
The court heard he has a conviction for disorderly behaviour over an incident linked to tensions at the time.
In September 2013 one page included a picture of the man standing in front of the flag, naming him and stating: Meet Sectarian Parade Organiser.
Among comments posted was one claiming: “Another loyalist bigot exposed... (he) organises more loyalist parades and protests than you could shake your fleg (sic) at, he is as bitter as the day is long.”
Another poster alleged: “My daughter had three children to this scum woman-beating snake who can't string two words together, he can only mumble.”
The woman further claimed the plaintiff deleted his children from his Facebook page because they had Catholic names.
She added: “He must be full of Diazepam because he is the biggest coward I have had the misfortune to meet. Love the page by the way.”
A third contributor to the page alleged that J20 doesn't bother with his children, offering the reason “probably because they are Fenians.”
A separate Facebook page featured a photo of J20 in outdoor gear holding up a fish towards the camera.
Superimposed on the picture were the words: “That's a tout so it is. Said the fish.”
Other photographs prompted further captions, including a reference to the plaintiff's sexuality.
Another posted: “They said I could be anything so I became a lonely jobless flegger. I'm a woman beater and take the odd Diazepam so I do.”
His photo appeared again on a third web page, along with a description of him as a “parade organiser, knuckle dragger bigot”.
In his legal action against Facebook he sued for harassment and misuse of private information.
Dismissing the harassment claim, Mr Justice Colton said the comments were offensive and distasteful, but did not “cross the boundary between what is unattractive and unreasonable as opposed to what is oppressive and unacceptable.”
According to the judge J20 had understated his involvement in the flag protests.
But he held that the man did have a right to privacy over the religion of his children.
“Any fair or objective reading of the references to the children could not possibly be justified, even in the context of his participation in loyalist protests,” Mr Justice Colton said.
“The reference to these children - who can be identified by reason of the identification of the mother of the plaintiff's ex-partner - in my view does constitute a misuse of private information.”
Ruling that Facebook was liable, he confirmed: “In all the circumstances I consider an appropriate award is one of £3,000 damages.”
Beer is definitely proof that God wants us to be happy. But beer and bacon are proof that there's a heaven - right here on earth!
Beer Candied Bacon Wrapped Chicken is a tasty combination of flavors - sweet, salty, smoky. The chicken is pretty much a carrier for the awesomeness of the sweet drunken bacon.
I used a winter beer for the syrup because of the combination of sweetness and spices. Use what you like for a completely different taste experience. But use something with enough flavor for it to stand up against the bacon.
Beer-Candied Bacon Wrapped Chicken
1 Lb Thick-Cut Bacon, Smoked Bacon
1/2 Cup Brown Sugar
1/4 Cup Beer
2 Large Chicken Breasts
In a small bowl, mix the beer and the brown sugar together until the sugar is dissolved. Set aside.
Cook bacon on a griddle or in a pan until just starting to crisp. Place in a bowl and pour the beer syrup over them. Toss to coat.
Continue to cook the coated the bacon on the griddle or in a pan. Turn and baste with syrup as the bacon cooks. Cook until the crispy and browned.
While the bacon is cooking. Cut each chicken breast length-wise into four pieces. And cook on the griddle until done.
Wrap two slices of bacon around each piece of chicken.
Any left over back - yeah right! - can be wrapped into coils and left to dry on a rack for about an hour. It'll get nice and crunchy!
We're facing the final days of our amazing campaign! It's been a hell of a ride and we cannot but thank you all for the awesome support you have shown us so far. But this it's not over yet! As you might have expected, we have one final move to make for the final days!
Many of you have asked for a way to pledge for a second copy; so you can play the game on two platforms, or give away to a friend. Now you can do just that with the new ‘Extra PC Download Key' add-on! Please note that platform holders do not allow the resale of console keys, which means that this add-on can only refer to the PC version. If you want Console + PC, please make sure your base tier is a "Consoles" one. Unfortunately this also means that you cannot pledge for a combination of two different consoles, sorry about that!
PayPal support
Countless people have reached us soliciting an alternative payment method. We finally have managed to setup just that! The platform we're using is a bit limited, that's why we had to limit the tiers we offer through Paypal to the base 3: The Penitent One (PC only), The Follower (PC or Consoles), and The Disciple (PC or Consoles). But on top of that, you can also choose add-ons so, in the end, you'll still get pretty much the same choices (except for the tiers that are limited).
Click on the image to visit the Paypal support page...
The road to Voice Acting!
Do you like challenges?
Our 300,000$ stretch goal looks impossible, but it really isn't! We are going all in to make it happen and the good news is you can help us get there:
Head over our second Thunderclap campaign and support us with a tweet/share exactly 24 hours before the end. It's 100% free and there's a nice treat in exchange: Carlos Violas' newest masterpiece for Blasphemous soundtrack!
and there's a nice treat in exchange: If you use Facebook, click here to spread the word!
If you use Twitter, click here to spread the word!
Get creative: Mention or message your friends, favorite influencers, or anyone you think might like the game!
Together we can still make the final days of this campaign truly exciting and legendary!
Thanks!
[A hearing will be held in the Senate on Wednesday, October 21. Call 888-894-1033 to leave a message for your Senators and tell them to oppose the DARK Act and to protect your right to know what is in your food.]
Global Healing Center
by Dr. Edward Group DC, NP, DACBN, DCBCN, DABFM
Join The Food Justice Coalition as we go to D.C. to fight The DARK Act! Friday will be a day of action and Saturday will be The Food Justice Rally with speakers beginning at noon EST until 1:30 p.m.
Click on image above to view video
Food Justice Action: 2-Day Schedule of Events
On Friday, Oct. 16th, Truth in Labeling and Moms Across America are organizing lobbying groups to meet with Senators to lobby for the Genetically Engineered Food Right-to-Know Act. They are also organizing buses with the option for either a round-trip ride or a one-way ride if you stay over for Saturday.
***Note that we have moved the narrative march portion of this action to Friday, Oct. 16th.*** We believe we will have far more of an impact doing the narrative march while the locations we are targeting are open for business. There will be a second march following the rally on Saturday.
We ask all participants to meet at Lafayette Park about 3 p.m. EST. We will begin the march at USTR and the Chamber of Commerce. Margaret Flowers and Kevin Zeese will speak about the TPP. Then we'll head to Monsanto to occupy the building while a presentation is given. We are being a bit quiet on specifics as our groups and event pages have been infiltrated by Monsanto shills, but expect some cool visuals. From the Monsanto building, we will head to the EPA (about 5 p.m., as a point of reference). Zen Honeycutt will speak about glyphosate, recent testing and the EPA's lackadaisical attitude towards a solution. We are asking participants to consider dressing as bees so we can do a bee die-in in the lobby of the EPA. After the EPA, we will head to the White House. Please bring a flashlight so you can help us Shine A Light On The DARK Act. We will have the advantage of rush hour traffic at this point and we believe this unique form of protest will have a stunning visual impact! If you can't make it, but still want to contribute, you can donate here.
On Saturday, Oct. 17th, please meet on the West Lawn of the Capitol building for the Food Justice Rally. Our permit begins at 10am and we encourage you to come early and take part in education workshops that MAMNYC is organizing. The rally itself will begin at NOON. Confirmed speakers include Dr. Edward Group, Steven Druker, Anthony Gucciardi, Ronnie Cummins, Adam Eidinger, Kelly L. Derricks, and Liz Reitzig with other special guests. There will be a large unity march through the streets of D.C. following the rally. ***Please bring flashlights, signs, and any banners you may have!***
Why is this Important?
Monsanto is responsible for tainting our food supply with glyphosate and GMOs. Even worse, Monsanto fights GMO labeling and suppresses your right to know what you're eating.
How to Detox Your Body of GMOs Right NOW
A while back I sat down with Anthony Gucciardi of Natural Society to discuss the top 10 GMO foods you should avoid.
We also talked about the dangers of genetically modified foods and how you can detox your body.
President Mugabe blames the opposition for violence Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has accused the opposition of lying about political violence in the country to cast doubt on forthcoming polls. The opposition says at least 70 of its supporters have been killed and many more beaten in the run-up to next week's presidential run-off election. He also told supporters that "only God" could remove him from office. Meanwhile the opposition MDC says a court has overturned a police ban on a major rally on Sunday in Harare. Opposition spokesman Nelson Chamisa said the leader of the Movement for Democratic Change (MDC), Morgan Tsvangirai, planned to attend the event. Police have banned a series of opposition gatherings, leading the MDC to say it was being forced to campaign in virtual secrecy. All necessary force will be applied on malcontents and perpetrators of violence
Augustine Chihuri
Police chief
Your questions answered 'Raped for opposing Mugabe' Send us your comments Mr Mugabe told supporters at a campaign rally in the southern city of Bulawayo on Friday that he would "never allow an event like an election to reverse our independence, our sovereignty." "Only God who appointed me will remove me - not the MDC, not the British," he said. The BBC's Peter Biles in Johannesburg says President Mugabe has given another indication that he will not relinquish power as a result of a poll. Mr Mugabe has accused the MDC of acting in the interest of Britain, the former colonial power, and other Western countries. He was also quoted by the state-run Herald newspaper as saying that MDC leaders had been compiling names of people they say are victims of political violence. "They say this so that they can later say the elections were not free and fair. Which is a damn lie!" he said. Intimidation Mr Mugabe's police chief, Augustine Chihuri, has claimed that the MDC is the main culprit in the current political violence. "All necessary force will be applied on malcontents and perpetrators of violence," he said. "This violence is aimed at intimidating people from voting." Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement The MDC is to announce on Monday whether it will contest the 27 June poll, a party source has told the BBC. Mr Tsvangirai - who is due to face Mr Mugabe in the run-off - is reported to be under pressure to pull out in view of escalating pre-poll violence. New footage emerged on Friday, shot by US embassy staff, showing ruling party militias armed with sticks apparently hunting for MDC supporters in a township in the capital, Harare. Zimbabwe's immediate neighbours have added their voice to increasing international concern over the validity of the run-off. On Friday Angolan President Jose Eduardo Dos Santos, one of Mr Mugabe's closest allies, has urged him to stop the violence. Tanzanian Foreign Minister Bernard Membe, head of an election monitoring team, told the BBC earlier this week that violence appeared to be "escalating throughout Zimbabwe". Nigerian Nobel-winning writer Wole Soyinka told the BBC that Mr Mugabe had ruined Zimbabwe with a "scorched earth policy" and that Zimbabweans were primed to "throw off this yoke by all means necessary". 'Charade' In Brussels, the European Union has drafted a summit statement saying it is ready to take unspecified "additional measures against those responsible for violence". Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. The EU already has an arms embargo against Zimbabwe and has placed travel bans on - and frozen the assets of - President Mugabe and senior government and ruling Zanu-PF party officials. Mr Mugabe - who has ruled Zimbabwe since independence in 1980 - blames Western sanctions for causing the country's economic freefall. The MDC suffered at least five violent deaths of activists or their family members this week and its secretary general, Tendai Biti, was charged with treason and subversion. "Differences of opinion" have emerged among the party's senior officials over its next move, MDC spokesman Nelson Chamisa told the BBC after the leadership met in Harare on Friday. The party, he said, needed to assess the situation in the country but if conditions did not change, the vote would be a "charade". "We are assessing the situation as some areas are inaccessible," he added. "People are being abducted at night. Our grass-roots activists are being subjected to terror. Some of them are staying in the bushes and mountains to avoid pro-government militias.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Fox News confirmed Friday that it is parting ways with The Specialists host Eric Bolling after allegations of sexual misconduct were lodged against him. The Specialists have also been canceled.
In a statement Fox News said that the parting is “amicable.”
“Fox News Channel is canceling The Specialists, and Eric Bolling and Fox have agreed to part ways amicably,” Fox News said in a September 8 statement. “We thank Eric for his ten years of service to our loyal viewers and wish him the best of luck.”
Eboni Williams and Kat Timpf, who have co-hosted the four-month-old show, will be reassigned.
The decision comes a month after the former commodities trader was accused of sending lewd text messages to female colleagues.
Bolling has vehemently denied the allegations and even filed a defamation lawsuit against one of his accusers.
Fox suspended Bolling on August 6 pending an investigation into the allegations.
Bolling has been with the network since 2008. He co-hosted one of Fox News's most popular shows, The Five, before taking on the lead of The Specialists.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
That should easily beat 'Baywatch' — which likewise lathers up over Memorial Day weekend — in a needed win for Johnny Depp.
Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is tracking to set sail at the domestic box office with $90 million or more over the four-day Memorial Day weekend, roughly on par with the last film in the franchise, according to prerelease tracking.
The fifth outing in the Jerry Bruckheimer-produced series once again features a zany performance by Johnny Depp as Captain Jack Sparrow. Depp could use a win at the box office after a generally tough run, including last summer's sequel Alice Through the Looking Glass, which bombed over Memorial Day.
Dead Men Tell No Tales should have no trouble beating the other Memorial Day offering, Paramount's action comedy Baywatch, which is tracking to post an OK $37 million-$40 million in its five-day debut. (It opens on a Thursday.) Pirates by definition is a broader play, considering Baywatch is R-rated. Bullish box-office observers believe both films could come in higher than early tracking suggests, noting that Disney and Paramount have three weeks left to make their final marketing push.
Directed by Seth Gordon, Baywatch is loosely based on the television series of the same name and stars Dwayne Johnson alongside Zac Efron, Priyanka Chopra, Alexandra Daddario and Kelly Rohrbach. Comparisons to Baywatch are tough. In summer 2016, Johnson and Kevin Hart's action comedy Central Intelligence debuted to $35.5 million domestically.
It has been six years since Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides played in theaters on its way to grossing $1 billion globally, the majority of which it earned overseas. This time out, Pirates is directed by Hollywood studio newcomers Joachim Ronning and Espen Sandberg, who directed the critically acclaimed 2012 film Kon-Tiki.
Other returning castmembers include Kevin McNally and Geoffrey Rush. Orlando Bloom and Keira Knightley also return after sitting out the fourth film. Franchise newcomers include Javier Bardem, Brenton Thwaites and Kaya Scodelario.
In making Dead Men Tell No Tales, Ronning and Sandberg said they took their inspiration from the first movie, Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl, which was a runaway hit at the box office, grossing $305.4 million domestically and $654.3 million globally in 2003.
The second film, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest, opened to $135.6 million domestically in July 2006, followed by a massive four-day gross of $140.8 million over Memorial Day in 2007.
The summer box office officially gets under way this weekend with the debut of Disney and Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. The quirky superhero sequel is tipped to earn as much as $150 million.
To carry out the attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris this month, the killers relied on a cunning awareness of the weaknesses at the heart of the European security services charged with stopping them.
Poor information-sharing among intelligence agencies, a threadbare system for tracking suspects across open borders and an unmanageably long list of homegrown extremists to monitor all gave the Paris plotters an opening to carry out the deadliest attack on French soil in more than half a century.
Two weeks later, European security experts say the flaws in the continent's defenses are as conspicuous as ever, with no clear plan for fixing them.
“We lack the most obvious tools to deal with this threat,” said Jean-Charles Brisard, chairman of the Paris-based Center for the Analysis of Terrorism. “We're blind.”
With the Syrian war raging on the continent's doorstep and thousands of Europe's own citizens traveling to and from the battlefield under the influence of a spellbindingly effective propaganda campaign, Brisard's bleak assessment is widely shared.
The mismatch between the scale of the threat and Europe's patchwork response has contributed to a grim resignation among counterterrorism professionals: Even after a series of terrorist strikes this year — including two bursts of mayhem in Paris, deadly shootings in Copenhagen and a would-be assault on train passengers foiled by off-duty U.S. servicemen — another large-scale attack in Europe is almost inevitable.
“We have to figure out what went wrong and fix it as soon as possible. Because one thing is for sure: Islamic State will try to hit Europe again,” said a senior European intelligence official who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
Unlike in the United States after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, when American officials vowed to do whatever it took to prevent a repeat, Europe's leaders can offer few guarantees. They face enormous structural holes in their security networks, and they have few obvious solutions to a threat more potent than any the continent has confronted in decades.
Authorities confirm one of the Paris attackers came through Greece
The Paris attackers freely exploited those flaws and offered a possible guide to others who could follow in their blood-saturated wake.
Coordination between European intelligence services is poor, with no comprehensive, shared list of suspected extremists. So the attackers hopped freely and frequently over unguarded European Union borders, with at least five also traveling to Syria and back.
Most had already been flagged as potential security threats. But so had tens of thousands of others — 20,000 in France alone — and the plotters were careful not to stand out or give law enforcement an excuse to arrest them.
On Friday, Nov. 13, the worst terrorist attacks in Paris since World War II took place. In the days after the attacks, French authorities responded with raids, airstrikes and a manhunt. (Monica Akhtar, Deirdra O'Regan/The Washington Post)
The attackers chose lightly guarded targets, probably conscious that doing so would only add to the burden of security services already buckling under the strain of austerity-imposed budget reductions.
“The systems of European security that at one time were useful and effective are no longer adapted for this threat,” said Bernard Squarcini, a former head of France's domestic intelligence service who now leads the Paris office of the global intelligence firm Arcanum. “We are dealing with people who are cunning and determined. They've been in combat.”
European security officials have warned for more than two years about the threat of citizens returning from the Syrian battlefield to wage war at home. But the Paris attacks revealed how ill-equipped the continent is to reckon with the problem.
Despite returnees being at the top of Europe's threat list, the attackers seemed to face little trouble shuttling back and forth between Islamic State-controlled territory in Syria and the downtrodden neighborhoods of Brussels and Paris, where preparations for the attacks were finalized.
The failures reflect the paradox at the heart of Europe's security dilemma: The continent's citizens can freely cross borders, but authorities lack access to shared databases on suspected terrorists.
One of the attackers, 28-year-old Samy Amimour, was placed under judicial supervision in France in 2012 after attempting to travel to Yemen. But he later managed to get to Syria and back.
Belgian law enforcement was aware that 20-year-old Bilal Hadfi had returned from Syria but couldn't find him.
Another attacker, 31-year-old Brahim Abdeslam, was caught on his way to Syria by Turkish authorities. Belgian law enforcement questioned him — then let him go. His 26-year-old brother, Salah, was also questioned and released — even though Belgian authorities knew he had become radicalized. Hours after the attack, French police stopped his car. But they let him go, and he remains at large.
Abdelhamid Abaaoud, the alleged architect of the attacks, was one of Europe's most wanted men before the attacks. But the 28-year-old Belgian slipped from the radar of intelligence services and was widely thought to be in Syria, where he starred in grisly propaganda videos.
In fact, he had returned to Europe. But there was no trace of him until the night of Nov. 13 — when phone records show he stood watching from the street as police battled the militants he had sent to kill young music fans at Paris's famed Bataclan concert hall.
At the root of the intelligence failures, Brisard said, is a European security system that was designed to guard against external threats and is ill-prepared now that it faces such a sprawling challenge from its own battle-hardened and radicalized citizens.
“The paradigm has changed,” the terrorism analyst said. “We need to adapt.”
A good starting point, he said, would be a systematic way of checking E.U. citizens against security databases when they return from outside the union's borders. Such checks have been sporadic, as border guards typically confirm that the face of the traveler matches the one in the passport.
After the attacks, the E.U. stepped up its controls. But their effectiveness is severely limited. Europe lacks a common biometric identification system, and the one shared database covers only those with criminal records, not those who are suspected of extremist plots.
“We need a Europe-wide blacklist of jihadists,” said Manfred Weber, the head of a center-right group in the European Parliament that is pushing for tighter controls.
The idea of creating a “Passenger Name Record” — similar to the U.S. no-fly list — has been debated by E.U. politicians and bureaucrats for more than a decade. But it has been repeatedly stalled by privacy concerns among those who say the United States went too far in its response to Sept. 11 and who don't want to repeat the same mistake.
[ France's far right reaps political gains as fears of terrorism grow ]
There is little intelligence-sharing across Europe, despite the continent's open borders. Intelligence services prefer to cooperate on a bilateral basis with favored partners, rather than distribute information across a 28-member bloc. Even after the attacks, analysts say, that's unlikely to change at a time when terrorism, migration and debt are pulling E.U. members apart rather than bringing them together.
“The crises facing Europe are taking their toll on trust and unity,” said François Heisbourg, chairman of the International Institute for Strategic Studies.
The strains can be seen in European responses to the attacks, which have been marked by unanimous expressions of solidarity with France — but also little cohesive action and occasional finger-pointing.
French officials have accused Belgium of allowing Islamic extremism to incubate unchecked. Belgian authorities have hit back, but some have also admitted that the country is failing to meet the challenge.
Belgian security forces suffer from tensions between their French and Flemish halves. Hard-line Saudi preachers have long been allowed to preach in the country's mosques, and a thriving black market for arms has made weapons readily available.
More Belgians per capita have traveled to Syria to fight than from any other E.U. country. Relatives of those who have joined the tide blame their government and security services for a lack of oversight and prevention.
The night she realized her 22-year-old son had left for Syria, Yasmine called police to inform them who had recruited him: Jean-Louis Denis, a Belgian convert.
But Yasmine, who spoke on the condition her last name not be used in order to protect her family, said authorities failed to act.
Her younger son, 16, followed his brother to Syria three months later, in April 2013. Denis was not arrested until more than a year and a half after that, despite being monitored by authorities since 2009. All the while, he was sending young Belgians to Syria — a crime for which he was ultimately convicted.
“They know what's happening, but they don't intervene,” Yasmine said.
Alain Winants, head of Belgium's domestic intelligence agency until 2014, said the service simply could not cope with the strain of so many citizens becoming radicalized so quickly. He was lobbying for a 20 percent increase in personnel when he left. The agency has 600 employees.
Belgian spy chief says he warned on budget cuts as jihadi threat grew
France has considerably more agents in its domestic security service — about 3,300. But they are tasked with monitoring 20,000 people on national security watch lists, about half of whom are said to be Islamist extremists.
Experts say it is impossible for security services to run surveillance on such a large number. But unless the suspects commit a crime, they can't be arrested, either.
Following the Paris attacks, French President François Hollande declared a state of emergency that has given security services vast new powers. Authorities have conducted more than 1,000 searches, more than 120 people have been charged, and many others have been placed under house arrest.
The measures, which will remain in place for three months, may disrupt plots in the short term. But, given the civil liberties concerns, Heisbourg said, they are hardly long-term solutions for Europe's struggle with violent extremism.
“My house could be raided by cops tomorrow without a warrant. This is very radical stuff,” he said. “We're doing the right thing. But this can't be made into the new normal.”
Morris reported from Brussels. Virgile Demoustier in Paris, Karla Adam in London and Souad Mekhennet contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON -- Two veterinarians serving in Congress, one a conservative Republican and the other a Democrat, came together late Tuesday to introduce a bill aimed at ending an especially horrific type of horse abuse.
Reps. Ted Yoho (R-Fla.) and Kurt Schrader (D-Ore.), along with more than 100 of their fellow Democrats and Republicans, are co-sponsoring to Prevent All Soring Tactics Act, or PAST. The bill would strengthen the existing ban on the practice of "soring" horses, or using painful chemicals, heavy chains and other devices to give breeds like the Tennessee Walking Horse an exaggerated, prancing gait.
"Horse soring -- the intentional inflicting of pain to horses feet to achieve a high stepping gait -- has been illegal for well over 30 years," Yoho said in a statement Wednesday. "Unfortunately, soring is still practiced to this day in clear violation of the Horse Protection Act (HPA) of 1970. As a veterinarian and lover of animals, I feel the time is now to stop the practice of horse soring for good."
A companion bill to the House PAST Act has already been introduced in the Senate, sponsored by New Hampshire Republican Sen. Kelly Ayotte. So far, it has garnered more than 40 co-sponsors.
The majority of competitive Tennessee Walking Horse events are concentrated in two states, Kentucky and Tennessee, and the show horse industry there has long denied that soring still takes place. But USDA inspectors at the 2014 Celebration, the marquis annual Tennessee Walking Horse show, found that of the 389 horses randomly selected for testing, more than half showed signs of soring.
Some of the chemicals that can be used to sore horses include blistering mustard oil, salicylic acid and lighter fluid. What looks to outsiders like a show horse prancing is, in reality, that horse flinching in pain because its hooves and legs have been burned, weighted down with weights, or even shocked with electrical volts.
If it becomes law, the PAST Act would would prohibit the use of all artificial means to make horses lift their legs higher, and it would increase the penalties for those caught violating the existing Horse Protection Act, which was passed in 1970. Tennessee Walking Horse show industry representatives argue the bill would kill the niche market of showing gaited horses, and thereby eliminate the Tennessee Walking Horse breed.
Christian symbolism is a common go-to to add "mystic" flavor in anime, similar to how Hollywood draws from Pagan themes. Catholicism and the Vatican are especially popular and often blended with magic, demons, possession, vampires. This week's list takes a look at seven priests with less than holy personalities.
7. Frau ( 07-Ghost ) Frau is part pervy priest, part scythe-wielding skeleton. As Zehel, one of the "Seven Ghosts," Frau wields a scythe, can sense "unholy beings," and withstand things an ordinary human cannot since his body is, essentially, dead.
6. Nicholas D. Wolfwood ( Trigun ) "Nicholas the Punisher," wanders the desert with a large cross on his back, only his burden is a giant firearm. His morals are ambiguous at first and he strongly believes that murder is inevitable to carry out his goals. This changes over the course of the series but his past catches up with Wolfwood and ultimately, does him in.
5. Cross Marian ( D.Gray-man ) Cross has many vices including but not limited to debauchery, drunkenness, and gambling. The latter two contribute to what must be huge, outstanding debts as the man can never actually deliver when he loses. On the work side of things, Cross has the power control Akuma to his will, which are mechanical-like weapons made from the souls of the dead that also gruesomely kill humans.
4. Rip-Off Church ( Black Lagoon ) The entire church and clergymembers are really just a front for smuggling in firearms and drugs into Roanapur. The place is run by Yolanda, a seemingly elder nun that wields a gold-plated Desert Eagle. The church works with the Triad mafia and sometimes the Lagoon Company, and has seen its fair share of fire-fights.
3. Garterbelt ( Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt ) Garter tries his best to supervise Anarchy sisters Panty and Stocking but he has its own less-than-savory alternate persona. As "Master G," Garter participates in BDSM and runs a gambling racket in a few episodes. His enormous afro hides ammo for his shotgun, a leftover from his time as notorious gangster. After being gunned down, he is given a mission in Heaven and refuses, instead accepting the curse of immortality.
2. Abel Nightroad ( Trinity Blood ) The goofy, mild-mannered Abel works for the Vatican as part of a repentance for the millions of lives he took as the "God of Destruction." Abel's vampire-like "Crusnik" powers haven't left him despite his new mission as a priest, but he keeps them under wraps for the sake of humanity. His transformation includes vampire physical attributes (claws, long teeth, etc.), a blood-scythe, black wings, the ability to control electricity, and crazy levels of regeneration.
1. Alexander Anderson ( Hellsing ) Alexander is Iscariot's terrifying trump card and regular adversary to Alucard. He considers himself a devout Catholic and will drop Bible quotes into his speech whenever possible. The only thing he feels more strongly about than his God is his hatred towards Protestants and Alucard. He's made clear more than once that his vendetta against Protestants is deadly. He later abandons what humanity he may have had to become a "Monster of God."
The new poll: What's your favorite part of the anime fandom?
The old poll: The last poll asked for opinions on Japanese CG animation versus standard animation:
Prefer standard but don't mind CG 51.8% Like CG and standard animation equally 21.2% Can't stand CG! 13.0% I like the two mixed together (i.e. Love Live! ) 12.0% Prefer CG to standard animation 2.0%
When she isn't compiling lists of tropes, topics, and characters, Lynzee works as Associate Editor for, blogs about women and LBGT topics in anime and manga on her blog Engendered Dilemma , and posts pictures of her son on Twitter @ANN_Lynzee
Canada 's defense minister, Peter MacKay, would not answer questions about the possibility of Russia's involvement. “I am not going to play Clue,” he told reporters in Ottawa, adding that despite the episode, “our allies have full confidence in Canada, full confidence in our information.” Officials of the Russian government would not comment.
In a statement, Bob Paulson, the commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, said the force was “not aware of any threat to public safety at this time from this situation.” Speaking hours after the police statement was released, however, Mr. MacKay said at a news conference that it was still too early to determine that. “Those are issues that will be determined in the future,” he told reporters.
Photo
At the courthouse in Halifax, Lieutenant Delisle's lawyer, Cameron MacKeen, would not say how his client intended to plead to one charge of breach of trust under Canada's criminal laws and two charges under the Security of Information Act. The lieutenant is the first person to be charged under the security law, which replaced an earlier Official Secrets Act and carries a maximum penalty of life in prison.
“People have to realize that there's a presumption of innocence in this country,” Mr. MacKeen said in his brief remarks to reporters. The exact nature of the suspected spying as well as Lieutenant Delisle's possible motivation are unclear.
Wesley K. Wark, an intelligence specialist at the Munk School of Global Affairs at the University of Toronto, said sub-lieutenant was a relatively low rank for a 40-year-old officer, suggesting that he had little career success. “That raises questions about career disappointment and revenge,” he said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Despite the government's initial efforts to play down the seriousness of the arrest, Professor Wark said Lieutenant Delisle probably had access to a wide range of secrets given his job history.
“The rank doesn't matter,” he said. “The security clearance matters.” He and Professor Lagassé said the places where the lieutenant worked require high security clearances.
Both men said Russia and China would be interested in the naval intelligence the lieutenant handled on a daily basis. It would include important data about American naval operations because of the close ties between the two navies.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Spokesmen for the F.B.I. , the C.I.A. and the Justice Department in Washington all refused to comment on the case.
Professor Lagassé said it was also possible that Iran , perhaps through an intermediary, might have used the officer to gain information about NATO naval movements near the Middle East .
But if a major security breach has occurred, Professor Lagassé said, Canada will most likely deal with the case as quietly as possible. “If it is a bigger issue,” he said, “the incentive will be for most governments to cover it over.”
In 1923, Los Angeles Times owner and real estate investor Harry Chandler was looking for a way to advertise a new housing development in the Hollywood Hills above Los Angeles.
His friend H.J. Whitely (who claimed to have coined the name of the Hollywood area in 1886) offered a suggestion: Build a colossal sign above the development touting its name, Hollywoodland.
The idea stuck, and the developers contracted the Crescent Sign Company to build the sign, with letters 43 feet high and 30 feet wide, at a cost of $21,000.
Once erected, the sign was lit with thousands of light bulbs, and was programmed to flash its name in segments: HOLLY—WOOD—LAND—HOLLYWOODLAND.
The sign was only meant to stay up for a few months, but as Hollywood became known the world over as the heart of all things glamorous and cinematic, the sign became iconic.
The “LAND” was removed in 1949, but the sign stayed as a permanent fixture on the hillside. It fell into disrepair over the decades, but was designated a Historic-Cultural Monument in 1973 and rebuilt with more permanent materials in 1978.
Tyra Banks Needs a Diaper
[Gallery not found]
You probably don't know who Fabian Basabe is, which is good, but in case you care, he's one of those spoiled New York socialite brats who you'll find on shows like “Filthy Rich: Cattle Drive” and quite possibly in public restrooms having anonymous sex with other men. Anyway, heterosexual and married Fabian is reporting for Paper magazine on fashion week which he says is, “by far my favorite assignment.” and the only reason I'm posting about this is because he said Tyra Banks thinks her clothes are a toilet.
…i arranged to do it backstage at the tents in the w suite. Just when I start getting comfortable and ready, a group of madmen and madwomen storm in and take possession of the suite because… ready?… Tyra Banks messed herself and needed to change. Now, let's break this down: messing oneself should not happen if you are older that 5 or younger than 90. if it happens and in fact you are older than 5 or younger that 90, then it should be one, single, very unfortunate episode which will bound you to be made fun of forever and you can't complain about it. Now I would like to bring to your attention that Tyra's people carried a change of clothes for her at NYC fashion week. Hmmmh… could it be that Tyra messed herself before? or just that her entourage is so organized that in case tyra would ever, maybe, possibly mess herself that one time, they have a change of clothes? I don't know…”
In case you need a translation, Tyra soiled herself, and her entourage reacted as though they're so used to Tyra's accidents that they were very well prepared for the clean-up and wardrobe change. All I can picture is Steve Martin as “Ruprecht” filling his pants at the dinner table as he maintained a thoroughly retarded and relieved look on his face. I like to think that's how it went down with Tyra. Now all she's missing is an eye patch and a tire swing.
Thanks to Michelle for the heads-up!
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
At midnight last night, Minnesota's government officially shut down, save for essential services, after the Republican legislature and Democratic Governor Mark Dayton failed to reach an agreement on how to close the state's $6.2-billion budget deficit (Republicans want more spending cuts; Dayton wants to raise taxes in some areas). So how did Minnesota end up with a $6.2 billion budget deficit? Two words: Tim Pawlenty.
As I explained yesterday, the GOP presidential candidate and former governor spent his eight years in St. Paul turning in balanced budgets by using various accounting tricks (deferred payments, declining to take into account inflation when calculating future expenses), and shifting resources (local property taxes skyrocketed in order to offset shrinking state revenues). It looked good on paper, provided you didn't look too hard. But now, with Minnesota's shutdown making headlines, Pawlenty is doing damage control. Last night, he held a brief press conference at the Minneapolis–St. Paul Airport to offer his thoughts on the shutdown. The kicker: He thinks it's a good thing.
Via St. Paul's KSTP:
Former Governor and Presidential Candidate Tim Pawlenty says he wishes the brief shutdown he presided over in 2005 lasted longer. He explains that had the shutdown continued the state might have been better off fiscally. While Pawlenty refused to directly address the tens of thousands of state workers facing unemployment, he did suggest they should adopt longer term Republican goals based on fiscal responsibility.
This misses one key thing, which is that the actual shutdown itself has an economic impact. As Minnesota Public Radio reports, the shutdown could cost about $12 million per week in lost tourism revenue, $10 million in lost productivity, $2.3 million in lost lottery revenue, and a few million dollars more in lost productivity because workers were drawing up contingency plans for the shutdown rather than doing actual work. Beyond that, one direct consequence of laying off tens of thousands of state workers is that those people become unemployed, placing an even greater strain on the economy. Shutdowns are great if you're primarily concerned with slowly shrinking the size of government with no larger concern for the state's economic health—but that's about it.
“We don't care.”
That was reportedly the response of Tulsa, Oklahoma, code enforcement teams after illegally destroying Denise Morrison's garden on August 15, 2011. Morrison, a longtime Tulsa resident, tearfully watched from her driveway while local officials ignored her protests and cut down her flowers, plants, and trees.
“Every word out of their mouth was, ‘We don't care,'” Morrison told KOTV. Even after she showed them the city ordinances, proving that her garden complied with city law, the response remained the same.
Morrison, who was unemployed at the time of her property's unauthorized destruction, used her yard as a sort of survival garden, growing over 100 varieties of edible and medicinal plants. From fruit trees to herbs that helped ease pain from her arthritis, Morrison had a purpose for every single one of her plants—which, under local law, meant that she was well within her legal right to maintain her garden. According to Tulsa city ordinances, plants may only grow over 12 inches tall if they're fit for human consumption. Since Morrison had dealt with local code enforcement in the past, she made sure that she could chow down on all her plants.
So last August, when city inspectors sent the Tulsa resident a letter telling her they wanted the garden to go, she took it up to the local courts, knowing that she was within her legal growing rights. She knew she'd win. Or, at least, that she should've won.
The day after she went to the courthouse, Morrison came home to men chopping down everything in her garden down—walnut trees, garlic chives—you name it, it was gone.
"Not only are the plants my livelihood, they're my food and I was unemployed at the time and had no food left, no medicine left, and I didn't have insurance," Morrison told reporters. "They took away my life and livelihood."
Almost a year later, Morrison is finally getting her day in court. On Friday, she filed a civil rights lawsuit, accusing local officials of overstepping their bounds.
Unfortunately, cases like Morrison's aren't the exception. Check out these stories of zoning officials getting too big for their britches: from a Michigan woman getting 93 days in the slammer for her vegetable garden to Austin, Texas, officials filling in a resident's fallout-shelter-turned-home-office with 264 tons of concrete—and later charging him for the damage done.
Today I found out Alfred Nobel, who left most of his fortune to start the Nobel Prizes, was once nicknamed “The Merchant of Death”.
The “merchant of death” title was given to him due to Nobel inventing, and making most of his vast fortune off of, dynamite and other types of explosives, such as “ballistite”, which was the precursor to quite a lot of military grade explosive devices.
Nobel came up with the idea of using his money for these annual prizes after his brother, Ludvig, died in 1888 and a French newspaper mistakenly thought it had been Alfred Nobel himself who died. The newspaper published the obituary under the title: “The Merchant of Death is Dead”, going on to state: “Dr. Alfred Nobel, who became rich by finding ways to kill more people faster than ever before, died yesterday.”
When Nobel read this, he began thinking of how to improve his public image after his death and decided on leaving his enormous fortune to fund a set of prizes named after himself. The Nobel Prizes were created as awards for people who made the greatest contributions to mankind in subjects that interested Nobel, namely Physics, Chemistry, Medicine, Literature and Peace.
Nobel did a lot of his own work in Physics and Chemistry and was an enthusiast of various literature of the day. He also saw the benefit to advancements in medicine. The “peace” prize was thought to have been suggested and promoted by his former lover and secretary Bertha Kinsky, who later won the award in 1905, just a few years after the Nobel Prizes were established. This is thought to have appealed to him because of his reputation as a war monger, and a huge point to the Nobel Prizes, as stated, was to fix his reputation as a “merchant of death”.
If you liked this article, you might also enjoy our new popular podcast, The BrainFood Show (iTunes, Spotify, Google Play Music, Feed), as well as:
Bonus Facts:
Alfred Nobel invented around 355 things, most notable was his invention of dynamite, in 1867, which he was originally going to call “Nobel's Safety Powder”, as it was basically a safer version of nitroglycerin and he was attempting to improve his image as a maker of dangerous explosives. He ultimately went with “dynamite”, which was derived from Greek, meaning “power”.
All total, Nobel left 94% of his fortune to be used towards the Nobel Prizes. His total fortune, adjusted for inflation, would be worth about $250 million today.
Along with the groups setup to select the winners of the Nobel Prizes, a separate group, The Nobel Foundation, was founded to manage Nobel's money. To date, along with annually bequeathing money to award winners, The Nobel Foundation has grown Nobel's assets up to around half a billion dollars. This may seem an extremely poor improvement over the $250 million they started with over 100 years ago, particularly considering they operate tax free. However, that “$250 million” is already adjusted for inflation and they invest very conservatively to make sure to be able to maintain the Nobel Prize awards for years to come. And of course, they annually dole out quite large prizes to recipients.
Each recipient of a Nobel Prize receives a gold medal (18-carat green gold which is then plated with 24-carat gold), a certificate, and some amount of money which varies from year to year. In 2009, that sum was about $1.4 million. Up to three people can share an award. When this happens, it is up to the awarding body to decide how the money is divided amongst the winners. Most winners end up donating their award money to various causes and charities. When Mother Theresa won a Peace Prize, she even refused to go to the award dinner, stating that the money could be better used elsewhere. The $7000 that the award dinner costs was then donated to a charity in her name and the dinner was canceled.
To date, four people have won a Nobel Prize twice. Those include: Maria Sklodowska-Curie (1903 and 1911, for discovery of radioactivity (physics) and later for isolating pure radium (chemistry)); John Bardeen (1956 and 1972, for invention of the transistor (physics) and for coming up with the theory of superconductivity(physics)); Linus Pauling (1954 and 1962, for research into the chemical bond in terms of complex substances (chemistry) and for anti-nuclear activism (peace)); and Frederick Sanger (1958 and 1980, for discovering the structure of the insulin molecule (chemistry) and inventing a method to determine base sequences in DNA (chemistry)).
Not only did Maria Curie win two Nobel Prizes, but her family has been the recipient of five total Nobel Prizes. She won two, her husband, Pierre Curie, won one. Her daughter, Irène Joliot-Curie, won the Chemistry Prize in 1935 with her husband. Her second daughter was also the director of UNICEF when it won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1965.
Curie's notes from the 1890s are still today considered too dangerous to handle without protection due to the high levels of radioactivity. They are stored in lead-lined boxes. Neither she nor her husband, of course, knew anything about that and handled radioactive items all the time in their research. She eventually paid the price for this, dying from aplastic anemia. Her husband was killed after being run over by a horse drawn carriage some 28 years before Marie Curie herself died.
Expand for References:
Lousy timing or superb marketing? Film and television actor Gajendra Chauhan finally took charge as chairperson of the Film and Television Institute of India on January 7 for the first time since he was named to the position on June 9, 2015. His entry into the fabled campus was greeted with protests by students, who had gone on a 139-day strike soon after Chauhan's appointment was announced.
On Tuesday, an item song from the upcoming movie Any Time Money, whose cast includes Chauhan, Sheetal Shah and Avtar Gill, was posted on YouTube. Here is Chauhan, who plays a politician, enjoying his drink and the loose-hipped charms of a dancer played by Shah.
Play
A synopsis of the movie by Mahesh G Sharma (not to be confused with the Minister of State for Culture and Tourism and Civil Aviation) is as follows: “Dark and provocative, this bold socio-political drama incisively probes into rampant corruption in politics through the complex events sparked by a cunning woman, who is willing to stoop to any lengths to fulfil her delusions of grandeur.”
Chauhan, who is a member of the BJP, has appeared in a variety of roles on both TV and film. He is best-known for playing the Pandava prince Yudhishthira in BR Chopra's television series Mahabharata, and his movie credits include Baghban and Barsaat. Chauhan has also acted in low-budget movies with adult themes, including Khuli Khidki, Vasna and Jungle Love.
Any Time Money does not have a release date yet.
Did you know . . . ? At least seven Old Testament Bible books discuss the existence and activities of Satan. The book of Job has the most Old Testament references with fourteen. "Satan" is mentioned by name 56 times in God's word. "Devil" is used 61 times in the KJV translation, with all references occurring in the New Testament. Jesus directly discusses God's adversary in at least 25 Bible passages. The Bible mentions at least 81 distinct animals, including bats, cranes, crocodiles, dragons, eagles, fleas, leopards, owls, peacocks, pelicans, ravens, spiders, unicorns, weasels, whales, wolves and worms!
Rome and the Word It was not until 1250 that the Bible was divided into chapters by Cardinal Hugo. Although he separated chapters for convenience his divisions, though not always accurate, persists to this day and are in most modern translations. The Bible mentions at least eleven distinct Roman provinces and at least eight geographical regions within the Empire. The most referenced provinces in the New Testament are Judea (43 times), Macedonia (28 times), Asia (21 times) and Achaia (11 times).
As always, Q4 will be a blockbuster season for EA. Kicking off this year's festivities this Friday is FIFA 18, which will then be followed by Need for Speed Payback on November 10th and Star Wars: Battlefront II a week later on November 17th.
However, even though these triple-A physical releases remain of prime importance for EA, the increasing value of the company's digital content and live components means that a successful stint at retail is no longer the be all and end all for the publisher's bottom line. When EA published its financial results for Q1 at beginning of August, for example, digital sales represented 60 per cent of the publisher's total net revenue. What's more, digital sales were up 27 per cent year-on-year.
Naturally, FIFA has been instrumental to this growth, but Mass Effect: Andromeda, which released in March, and Battlefield 1, which launched back in October last year, have also played a huge part in this evolution, with the latter's first expansion, They Shall Not Pass, having released in March and the second one, In the Name of the Tsar, which launched yesterday.
As we meet with EA's EVP of global publishing Laura Miele (pictured above) at Gamescom, the publisher also announced a new competitive mode for Battlefield 1, which is currently in closed alpha. With so much new digital content on the way, it's allowed the publisher to build a bigger and stronger community around the game, which has become a priority for EA across all its titles, Miele tells us.
“We have over 21m players in our Battlefield 1 community right now,” she says. “We also look at it as Battlefield as a franchise, so Battlefield 1 is one very important offering right now – our biggest offering within the franchise – but we've always considered the community in a very whole way and we want to offer as many options and gameplay styles as we can. It wasn't as if we were starting from ground zero and launched Battlefield 1 and had to start building it up. We were actually able to flow our community into the Battlefield 1 experience and we are continuing to fight for engagement every day and we earn our players' time – that's how we think about it.
“We launched the game last October and have not slept a day since. We really are seeing the largest engagement the Battlefield franchise has ever seen. When we look at it overall as a franchise, we're at our height of engagement right now, and we're not going to stop here.”
In order to keep the community engaged for as long as possible, EA has also experimented with including them in the development process, with Miele saying the company sees its connection with players “as a solid consistent thread that we never want to break.” Indeed, giving them a voice in the firm's roadmap for a title has been key in maintaining that relationship.
" We're seeing the largest engagement the Battlefield franchise has ever seen. " Laura Miele, EA "
“I really see it as a golden era of gaming right now, where players are at the centre of our business strategies, our game design and our execution,” she enthuses. “Internally at EA, we now measure player sentiment and player engagement over dollars or units or sales. Players' happiness, their net promoter score, is the primary success metric for the company now. It's no longer revenue, it's how many players are playing the game.
"We have really taken a really significant shift in motivating our teams to keep players engaged and in the content for longer. When you do that, you listen to players more, you respond to players and develop programs like Battlefield [Incursions], the competitive gaming mode. We had players in our studio helped us create this mode, and that's why I think it's a golden era for players, because they have such a strong voice in what we are creating.”
The launch of a new mode like Incursions, and the fact that players were involved in its inception, also demonstrates that live games are now so much more than just DLC.
“DLC is a component of that package but there are game services, there are community chats with the producers and the developers, there are events and content dropping daily, a fun little weapon that comes out as well as maybe a large map or an entirely new game mode,” Miele believes.
“We see it as programming content, and DLC is a piece of it, but there is so much more that we offer players as it relates to engagement. We want them to connect with each other, to connect with their friends, to connect with our game developers, and we want to surprise them with little presents. We look at it as daily, weekly, monthly, seasonal kind of programming across the board.”
YOU SHALL NOT PASS
Despite a jam-packed portfolio of live games that all offer very different experiences, from The Sims to Madden, FIFA or Star Wars Battlefront, Miele tells us that EA's core strategy and vision for live services “remain the same.”
“We want to stay connected and keep that thread full with the player, whether they're a Sims player, a FIFA player or a Battlefield player,” she says. “Our motivation is to keep players playing and keep them engaged in our games. How we fulfil that promise differs from game to game, of course, but they all have incredibly robust live services actually.
“In the case of The Sims, Sims 4 launched over three years ago and we have more players and more engagement with that game than we ever had. We just came out of a cycle; we've been putting a ton of content in the community and we've seen our engagement numbers and our unique player numbers higher than they were around launch.”
" Players' happiness, is the primary success metric for the company now. It's no longer revenue, it's how many players are playing the game. " Laura Miele, EA "
A good example of the different ways EA can fulfil that promise of keeping players engaged is its policy regarding Season Passes. Battlefield 1 launched with a Season Pass, but the firm decided to drop it for the upcoming Star Wars Battlefront II, making all DLC free for its entire player base.
“The core motivation behind that is when a player purchases a Season Pass, there's a certain segment of your community that plays that Season Pass, but it's still only just a percentage of the community that can enjoy it and play together. Our goal and motivation is to keep the community together on the same maps as much as possible,” Miele explains.
“So we decided to evolve and adapt our business model to keep the community as vibrant and as large as possible and to allow players to have as many game options to all play at one time.
“It also allows us to adapt to how players are playing the game. We don't set the plan. For a premium pass, we would set the plan for our expansion packs before the main game would even ship, right? Now, we're really able to adapt and respond to the community. So I would say keeping the community together and adapting and responding to how people are playing the game is a big win for us and for our players as we move forwards in our online services.”
READY TO LAUNCH
The shift to live games means that launch sales aren't quite the make-or-break momenet they used to be for the biggest titles publishers. Back in November last year, for instance, Ubisoft's VP of live operations Anne Blondel supported this idea when she told MCV that Week One sales are still very important for the firm, “but not critical.”
At EA, Miele says launch sales are still vital for building a vibrant community of players. “We want to engage players as early on in the experiences as we can, and I think when you launch a game like FIFA, you want a lot of players in that community so it feels populated and energetic. So that is our primarily motivation.
“We are seeing a different tail on the life cycles of our games because of live services. You keep players engaged for a longer period of time, so the tail of your game extends. I think that launching big is important because you want a robust, populated community, and thencreating live services and dropping lots of content and keeping players engaged extends the tail of your game.”
LIVE AND KICKING
EA's emphasis on live games and the company's new success metrics “has shifted the entire company,” Miele continues, but does this mean EA will stop investing in more traditional, shorter, offline experiences?
“There's room for all different types of game experiences, but, yes, we are certainly investing significantly in large game live services,” says Miele. “But I do think there's a place for things like our EA Originals like A Way Out and Fe. We're creative entertainers, so we need to prioritise that as well, so there is a balance in how we provide content to our players.
“I believe we're incredibly fortunate and in an incredibly unique place when you think about how many hours players spend with our content and our games. We have the most diverse set of live services as a game company, and the exciting thing about it is that we're just beginning. I think modes such Battlefield's Incursions are going to take our services and engagement to a new place, which I'm incredibly excited about.”
5 years ago
(CNN) - Beau Biden said Thursday he won't seek re-election this year as Delaware attorney general and plans instead to run for governor in 2016.
"Over the past few months, as I've been planning to run for reelection, I have also been giving a great deal of thought to running for Governor in 2016," he said in a statement. "What started as a thought-a very persistent thought-has now become a course of action that I wish to pursue."
Follow @politicalticker
Beau Biden, 45, is Vice President Joe Biden's eldest son. He was elected as Delaware attorney general in 2006.
"After careful consideration, I have concluded that it is not right to ask for your support in 2014, knowing that my focus would be divided between doing my job as Attorney General while at the same time running as a candidate for Governor," he said.
Questions have been raised about his health, however, since he underwent a procedure in August at a Houston hospital after feeling weak and disoriented on a family vacation. He made few public appearances in the months following the procedure.
In 2010, he suffered what doctors said was a mild stroke. His speech and motor skills were not affected.
His announcement Thursday came only in written form - sent out in an email to supporters and posted to his website. He did not hold a press conference, and he has not spoken publicly about his decision in an interview.
He served in Iraq for one year as a captain with the Delaware Army National Guard. Biden acted as a prosecutor in the U.S. attorney's office in Philadelphia from 1997 to 2002.
He and his wife, Hallie, have two children.
CNN's Dana Davidsen, Steve Brusk, and Ashley Killough contributed to this report.
Trump interview on 9/11: "[My building] was the 2nd-tallest in Manhattan… And now it's the tallest." #NeverForget pic.twitter.com/47WUsSKLRu — Ess (@ScottyLiterati) September 11, 2016
Fifteen years ago today, on September 11, 2001, while most Manhattanites were frantically calling to see if loved ones were alive or dead and tens of thousands of people were rushing to take cover, Donald Trump phoned into WWOR for a live interview. And true to Trump fashion, the real estate mogul thought it was all pretty “amazing.” He also dryly noted that his own building would now be the tallest in the city.
Asked whether 40 Wall Street, Trump's 71-story skyscraper located only a few blocks from ground zero in the financial district, maintained any damage, Trump replied:
“Well, it was an amazing phone call I made. 40 Wall Street actually was the second-tallest building in downtown Manhattan, and it was actually, before the World Trade Center, was the tallest. And then, when they built the World Trade Center, it became known as the second-tallest. And now it's the tallest.”
Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, was serving as New York's junior senator during the attacks. On September 12, Clinton toured ground zero alongside New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and Governor George Pataki. “She really went out of her way to speak to the first responders on the site to reassure them,” one firefighter recalled. “I never forgot it.”
Clinton went on to become a champion of health programs for first responders who became ill after 9/11. In an audiotape recorded by WNYC in 2003, Clinton speaks from atop the pile at Ground Zero. “I am outraged,” she says of the Bush Administration's reassurance that the air over Ground Zero wasn't contaminated and causing illness. “In the immediate aftermath, the first couple of days, nobody could know. But a week later? Two weeks later? Two months later? Six months later? Give me a break!”
(Via Esquire & The Guardian)
The Climbing Update
The time has finally come for a new release! Alpha 3 brings a host of changes, but the centerpiece is the new climbing system lightly discussed in this post. In short, you can climb on any ledges found in the voxel data surrounding the player, dramatically opening up the movement possibilities within a world. As always, this is very early software, and all assets are placeholder “programmer art.”
An incomplete changelist:
Support for climbing on ledges, including Individual control over grabbing a ledge with your left and right hands Pulling up from ledges Moving between ledges and around corners Jumping from ledges Vaulting over ledges now uses the hand button inputs Drop to hanging from a ledge from above from a crouch or slide Full network support
Block editing is no longer constrained to the internal octree grid.
An air “woosh” sound was added when moving and falling quickly
Arm and leg IK algorithm was made more consistent and reliable
Separated editing features into a distinct editing mode
Added flying when in editing mode
Greatly reduced the chance of the camera clipping into world geometry when crouch-walking into a 1-meter gap
Pausing the game actually pauses player movement and behaviors
Future Plans
The the focus for the next release will be on polishing the movement system and making it feel more like you are controlling a living creature. This will involve slowing many interactions, such as climbing along and between ledges, and smoothing any elements that are still rough around the edges, such as moving up and down stairs. Additionally, falling damage (and death) and level checkpoint mechanisms will be implemented. Along with that, we will also be developing more levels for you to explore, and we hope you do to! As with the previous alpha, you can follow our progress on Trello.
Have you wanted to play a Puzzle Quest game in the land of Ooo? Well, good news: Cartoon Network, D3 Go, and WayForward are working on Adventure Time Puzzle Quest, which is coming to mobile later this year. There will be plenty of the match-3 RPG action you've come to know and love, but with quests, daily events, and loads of Adventure Time characters. I quite like Adventure Time, and I do enjoy Puzzle Quest games, so this sounds like quite the winning combination when it launches this summer worldwide. Hopefully the “worldwide" means that it'll be soft launching somewhere before too long.
D3 Go published Card Wars ($3.99), which was controversial due to being a paid game with several free-to-play monetization tactics. However, they are going full free-to-play with Adventure Time Puzzle Quest. Their Marvel Puzzle Quest (Free) is particularly well-regarded and is frequently updated, so there are loads of promise for what a similar game with new characters and content over time could do for this.
Former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney took to Twitter Wednesday morning, offering his congratulations to President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE.
Romney, an outspoken critic of Trump tweeted: "Best wishes for our duly elected president: May his victory speech be his guide and preserving the Republic his aim."
Best wishes for our duly elected president: May his victory speech be his guide and preserving the Republic his aim. — Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) November 9, 2016
ADVERTISEMENT
Throughout the presidential election, Romney was a face of the "Never Trump" movement, speaking out against the candidate and warning of the consequences of a Trump presidency.
During the primary, Romney told The Wall Street Journal that he wanted his grandkids "to see that I simply couldn't ignore what Mr. Trump was saying and doing, which revealed a character and temperament unfit for the leader of the free world."
"I know that some people are offended that someone who lost and is the former nominee continues to speak, but that's how I can sleep at night," he added.
Romney is among many Republicans offering their congratulations to Trump following the election.
Jeb Bush, who campaigned against Trump in the primary, also tweeted, saying: "Congratulations on your victory @realDonaldTrump. As our President, Columba and I will pray for you in the days and months to come."
Congratulations on your victory @realDonaldTrump. As our President, Columba and I will pray for you in the days and months to come. — Jeb Bush (@JebBush) November 9, 2016
Trump won Governor Bush's state of Florida, but lost Massachusetts, where Romney served as governor.
15% of U.S. broadband households have antenna-only TV service
New consumer research finds steady increase coincides with drop in pay-TV subscriptions
New cord-cutter consumer research from Parks Associates shows the percentage of U.S. broadband households that use only antennas to receive TV has steadily increased since 2013 to reach 15%. 360 View: Entertainment Services in U.S. Broadband Households reveals this increase coincides with a drop in pay-TV subscriptions and an increase in Internet-only video subscriptions.
“Pay-TV subscriptions have dropped each year since 2014, falling to 81% of U.S. broadband households in Q3 2016,” said Brett Sappington, Senior Director of Research, Parks Associates. “Several factors have played a part in this decline, including growth in the OTT video market, increasing costs for pay-TV services, and consumer awareness of available online alternatives.”
Parks Associates notes declining pay-TV satisfaction in each of the last three years. Only one-third of pay-TV subscribers are very satisfied with their pay-TV service. According to Parks Associates' OTT Video Market Tracker, 63% of U.S. broadband households subscribe to at least one OTT service and 31% of U.S. broadband households have multiple OTT service subscriptions.
“Pay-TV providers are adapting to address a fundamentally different video services market than existed three years ago. Challenges still remain for consumers in aggregating and discovering their favorite content and being able to watch on their preferred screen. Live broadcasts of high-profile events remain a challenge for online delivery, though pay TV and broadcast TV conquered live distribution long ago,” Sappington said. “These challenges represent areas in which pay-TV providers, or new entrants, can still win consumer attention, viewership, and revenue.”
360 View: Entertainment Services in U.S. Broadband Households examines trends in broadband and pay-TV adoption. It analyzes the impact of over-the-top (OTT) services as well as cord-cutting and cord-shaving on pay-TV services. It quantifies the growing ecosystem of connected entertainment devices in U.S. broadband households and their impact on broadband and video consumption and also assesses consumer demand for new pay-TV features. Additional research shows:
In 2016, twice as many subscribers downgraded (12%) their pay-TV service than upgraded (6%) it.
The likelihood of non-subscribers adopting pay TV has declined since 2012.
Only one-half as many Cord Nevers adopted pay TV in 2016 (2%) as in 2015 (4%).
The size of the Cord Never segment is slowly increasing.
“With the continued decline of traditional pay-TV subscriptions, 2017 will be characterized by the rise of online pay-TV services,” Sappington said. “While traditional pay TV provides superior viewing quality, OTT video commonly excels in discovery, portability, and personalized user experiences. Consumers care less about the network used to deliver the content than they do about access to the content, ease of use, and convenience.”
More information about this 360 View is available at www.parksassociates.com. To schedule an interview with an analyst or to request specific data, contact Holly Sprague at hsprague@gmail.com, 720.987.6614.
About Parks Associates: Parks Associates is an internationally recognized market research and consulting company specializing in emerging consumer technology products and services. Founded in 1986, Parks Associates creates research capital for companies ranging from Fortune 500 to small start-ups through market reports, primary studies, consumer research, custom research, workshops, executive conferences, and annual service subscriptions.
The company's expertise includes the Internet of Things (IoT), digital media and platforms, entertainment and gaming, home networks, Internet and television services, digital health, mobile applications and services, support services, consumer apps, advanced advertising, consumer electronics, energy management, and home control systems and security.
Each year, Parks Associates hosts industry webcasts, the CONNECTIONS™ Conference Series, Smart Energy Summit: Engaging the Consumer, Connected Health Summit: Engaging Consumers, and Future of Video: OTT, Pay TV, and Digital Media.
http://www.parksassociates.com
Next: 20% of U.S. pay-TV subscribers are dissatisfied with their pay-TV service
Previous: 71% of U.S. broadband households have Wi-Fi or Apple AirPort access
Ever go to a hackathon with the sole purpose of making your childhood dreams come true? Well that's exactly what we had in mind when we set out for BostonHacks. We wanted to make a real life virtual reality duel disk from the show Yu-Gi-Oh that we watched as kids. In the show a character would place a monster card on the duel disk. It would make the monster appear life sized through a holographic animation to battle with their opponent. We thought it would be incredibly fun to recreate this with an Oculus Rift, some NFC tech, and of course a plastic toy duel disk!
The Components
In the beginning, putting it all together was really difficult. Both of us were completely new to building hardware hacks. Here are the components needed and what roles they played.
Arduino UNO R3: This was used to integrate the NFC Card Reader into Unity by use of serial port I/O. In other words, the System.io.ports module in Unity allows us to open a port, take the data, and copy it to a string. The Arduino was connected with the card reader onto a breadboard. We also had a volt shifter which was vital to make the conversion from 5 to 3 volts across the board.
NFC Card Reader: This part detected NFC chips attached to the cards which allowed each card to be recognized. Each NFC chip has a unique ID by default and is defined the Yu-Gi-Oh! cards. For example, the back of the Blue Eyes White Dragon card had its own chip. Once the card is scanned, a 3D model of the monster card would appear in the realm!
Oculus Rift: The Rift was simply used to enable us and users to see the landscape on a 3D plane. This is where all the magic happens!
Duel Disk: Our favorite component was only used for authenticity.
We had some real help from Lyle Cheatham, a fellow hacker from Waterloo University, who showed us how to get a lot of the hardware setup. Once we collaboratively got over that hump, the sky was the limit from there!
Entering the Matrix
This was a pure hack, and believe it or not there was no algorithm involved to make this happen. Below are code snippets that are the main gears behind the ShadowRealm functionality. We tinkered with Unity settings and imported certain libraries in our C# Unity code, and then we were able to get serial input from the Arduino.
Arduino code to read NFC Chip and send to serial port
The Experience
Initially, we had faced a lot of problems with the hardware because both of us were very new to hardware hacking at the time. When a fellow hacker explained to us how it worked, we were able to get the RFID reader up and running in no time. We definitely learned a lot about the fundamentals of Arduinos, which can be applied to future hacks. The first time we saw a monster in the simulator was such a relief. We had spent the past couple hours trying various methods of communicating with the Arduino through the serial port, but all had crashed our game. The first time the game didn't crash, we saw the monster appear and at that point we knew we would be able to demo.
BostonHacks was a really cool environment, and everyone was really helpful! It was definitely a Hacky Halloween with all the costumes and candy, and it was awesome to see everyone lend a hand with a common mindset of making sure that we all had functioning hacks. The best part about it all was daylight savings though. That extra hour of hacking could not have been more clutch!
Special shout out to Jade Yee for being the dopest person ever and supporting us! We didn't leave BostonHacks with a win, but we did get two 5 LB Hershey Bars and a Minecraft pickaxe. Reliving our childhood dream was priceless!
Shahan Ahkter and Biggie Emmanuel are a senior and a sophomore respectively at Rutgers University. They both study Computer Science and have been to 15+ hackathons combined like HackRU, HackNY, and BostonHacks. Find Shahan and Biggie on GitHub.
Speaking on the empowering nature of technology at Advertising Week Europe, Turkish-born Brunini said it would not be "just" if she did not address the situation in Turkey when "I'm here giving a speech on freedom of expression and how technology enables that".
Brunini said: "I just want to say I'm hugely disappointed with that [the YouTube and Twitter ban]. I find it ironic when I'm here talking about freedom of expression and how technology is a superpower and that is a very sad state in my country.
"But I'm an optimist, time is on our side, I really wanted to share these stories from emerging markets because they are so striking and less well known."
Brunini detailed a number of projects that used Google products to empower people, including the story of "armchair activist" Eliot Higgins.
Higgins, who goes by the online alias of ‘Brown Moses', compiled YouTube videos from war-torn Syria to build up evidence that President Bashar al-Assad's forces had used chemical weapons.
Human Rights Watch has claimed American and French intelligence agencies told it that the evidence collected by Brown Moses from his armchair in Britain was more accurate than their own intelligence.
Brunini also detailed how YouTube was used by a Kenyan to teach himself how to throw a javelin and the footage was enough to teach him enough to qualify for the London Olympics.
Brunini said: "I believe technology is a force for good. There are many people in the world who will disagree with me."
Follow live coverage of Advertising Week Europe on LIVE@AdvertisingWeek
Posted October 12, 2016 at 8:10 pm
Otaku, at least in the US, has a tendency to simply refer to anime and manga enthusiasts (at least, that's how I've seen it used). It's my understanding that, in Japan, it's a bit more similar to just calling someone a nerd, and literally means 'your house" in reference to rarely leaving theirs.
In any case, I didn't want to the last panel to be insulting, but I also needed it to be visually obvious that these people were into anime and similar media (if not for us, then for Catalina). I think I succeeded. That's a pretty rad hoodie right there, and those are some impressive feats of hairstyling right there.
As for why Catalina considers this an "eep" moment, she'll unleash her Catalina logic upon us on Friday.
Sidenote: I had originally planned to put some parody anime titles on the Otaku... Otakus? The plural of "otaku" shirts. I didn't get far with this before deciding it would be better not to have text on their shirts, but I was plotting such gems as "No Punch" and "Dragon Ball W".
A young woman, Neda Agha Soltan, was shot dead during a protest in Tehran. She was not participating in the protests, but got stuck in a traffic jam close by. Many now see her as a symbol for people protesting against the disputed re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the Iranian president. (Full)
Neda's death was caught on a mobile phone camera, and published on YouTube. I include the link here, but do not want to embed the video, nor could I watch it all the way through. The reality and cruelty of this video is shocking and images are extreme, so beware...
The video was posted by the doctor who rushed in to assist her. This is what he wrote:
Basij shot to death a young woman in Tehran on Saturday June 20th protests at 19:05 June 20th
Place: Karekar Ave., at the corner crossing Khosravi St. and Salehi st.
A young woman who was standing aside with her father watching the protests was shot by a basij member hiding on the rooftop of a civilian house. He had clear shot at the girl and could not miss her. However, he aimed straight her heart. I am a doctor, so I rushed to try to save her. But the impact of the gunshot was so fierce that the bullet had blasted inside the victim's chest, and she died in less than 2 minutes. The protests were going on about 1 kilometers away in the main street and some of the protesting crowd were running from tear gass used among them, towards Salehi St. The film is shot by my friend who was standing beside me. Please let the world know.
Months after canceling the annual tradition of Spring Fling due to the prevalence of skipped classes and drinking, Student Activities announced Friday that it will host an alternative event on Saturday, April 12.
Cherry-On Experience Day will be held from 4 p.m. to 8 p.m. on the Geasey Field track and Lot 1. Afterwards, an outdoor movie will be played on the Geasey Field track.
Spring Fling was cancelled last year by President Theobald, who called the event a “a bacchanal, a drinking fest” and said it had lost its roots as a promoter of Main Campus activities to commuter students, instead encouraging students to skip class and attend off-campus parties.
Last years' event was marred by the death of 19-year-old West Chester University student Ali Fausnaught, who fell off the roof of an off-campus rowhouse where she had been visiting friends.
Administrator's said last fall when announcing the cancelation of Spring Fling that their decision was not the result of the teenager's death.
Cherry-On Experience Day will move the traditional spring celebration from Wednesdays to Saturday. Security will be posted at entrances to the event along Broad and 15th streets to make sure students are not bringing in alcohol, or acting in an unsafe manner, Chris Carey, director of student activities said.
“We want this to be programed where students can enjoy themselves,” Carey said. “There's going to be a process where we are making sure students are coming through to Geasey Field and Lot 1, they're not bringing alcohol in and people are behaving appropriately and enjoying the actual events and not seeing this as a big open party, as was the case a little bit.
The event will feature a food festival run by the Philadelphia Food Trust that will feature food trucks and booths from local restaurants along 15th Street –which will be shut down during the event – and Lot 1, the area between McGonigle and the Pavillion. In addition there will be music. a mural painting, a tough mudder-like event and laser tag.
Veronica Hunter, the associate director of affairs, said Student Activities will review the outcome of the event to determine whether or not they want it to become an annual event.
John Moritz can be reached at john.moritz@temple.edu or on Twitter at @JCMoritzTU.
THE gang whose high speed chase resulted in the death of an innocent woman following a drunken nationwide crime spree had several near misses with motorists before the fatal collision.
THE gang whose high speed chase resulted in the death of an innocent woman following a drunken nationwide crime spree had several near misses with motorists before the fatal collision.
Two separate investigations are ongoing this weekend following the death of child minder Diana Harton on the M7 motorway on Thursday.
CCTV shows gang members less than two hours before fatal crash. Photo: Press 22
Of the five males in the 1996 registered uninsured Volkswagen Polo, the youngest was just 12-years-old. He was accompanied by three teenagers - two 17-year-olds and an 18-year-old - and a 23-year-old man who was driving. All are members of the travelling community from the north Dublin/Meath region with three of the group on bail following a spate of robberies and burglaries.
The gang bought the Volkswagen for €100 in Trim, Co Meath on Wednesday before embarking on a crime spree which took them across six counties in 24 hours.
Read more: Burglary gang in fatal M7 pile-up bought car for €100
On Thursday lunchtime after committing a robbery in Trim, they went south to Newport, north Tipperary. Here further robberies including the theft of €65 worth of fuel and €40 worth of goods from separate service stations occurred as well as €1,500 worth of power tools from a workman's vehicle.
Fleeing a service station, they sped onto the Limerick road. A motorist had to take evasive action. A back seat passenger in the Volkswagen gave a one fingered signal to the shocked motorist.
As gardai were alerted the Volkswagen powered onto the M7 motorway travelling through Offaly and Laois. Three patrol cars attempted to intercept near the toll plaza south of Portlaoise.
The Volkswagen sped through the toll barrier and sped towards Kildare as gardai gave chase. Other motorists narrowly avoided crashes. Gardai from Kildare joined the pursuit that continued to the J13 turn off where the horrific carnage that claimed an innocent woman's life unfolded at 8.45pm.
Read more: Woman killed in burglar gang crash carnage
Ms Harton, originally from Tallaght, but living in Kildare had been shopping moments before she drove onto the northbound carriageway from the Kildare town slip road. As gardai attempted to 'box off' the speeding Volkswagen, the 23-year-old uninsured driver attempted to evade gardai but smashed into the back of Ms Harton's Citroen Xsara. Her car careered into a patrol car and the single woman died at the scene. Paramedics raced to the motorway while gardai attempted to stop oncoming traffic from driving into the scene. Fire crews worked to cut the trapped gang from the wreckage. All were hospitalised along with two gardai who have since been released.
Several beer bottles, along with stolen power tools, were recovered in the wreckage of the Volkswagen. More empty bottles had been discarded at one of the service stations.
MAP
Read more: M7 trawled in hunt for raiders' shotguns
The Garda Siochana Ombudsman Commission is investigating while gardai are investigating the robberies.
Senior gardai admit they do not have the resources to deal with criminal gangs who are using the country's motorway network to commit robberies and burglaries nationwide.
"These gangs travel across the country over one night driving at ridiculous speeds now this woman's family have to deal with the fall out."
Sunday Independent
Libya's Supreme Court has declared the election of Ahmed Maetig as prime minister to be unconstitutional.
In the latest political turmoil to strike the country, a judge at the Supreme Constitutional Court said on Monday "the election of Maetig at the General National Congress [was] unconstitutional".
Maetig, a 42-year-old independent backed by religious groups, was elected in a chaotic session of parliament in early May, in a vote that had been disputed by some politicians and judicial experts.
Al Jazeera's Stefanie Dekker, reporting from the capital Tripoli, said the GNC would comply with the court ruling and Abdullah al-Thinni would remain as caretaker prime minister.
The GNC will meet on Tuesday to decide on the next step.
Thinni had announced his resignation earlier this year after an armed attack on his family, but insisted his successor should be chosen by a new parliament rather than its contested predecessor and refused to recognise Maetig's cabinet.
Maetig was elected after clinching 121 votes, after a recount saw him pass the 120 votes needed under the constitution.
However, opposition politicians said the process suffered from irregularities after the first deputy adjourned the initial session.
Maetig's election prompted Thinni to refuse to hand power over until the judiciary decided on the matter.
Maetig's appointment adds to Libya's woes at a time when Khalifa Haftar, former general, is waging an offensive against Ansar al-Sharia fighters.
Haftar has said he will detain politicians he suspects of financing militias that he has blamed for Libya's strife.
The North African country has sunk into chaos following the downfall and death of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.
Originally Posted by Dale Emasiri (Source) Originally Posted by
I was a tad on the stompy side with those hopes and dreams wasn't I? So let me try to explain. There's a whole load of improvements that can be made to the current system, some additions, some refinement. This could happen in the next year of updates, so I won't say no on that. There's a lot of buzzing going on in the office as people are working hard the game. Loads being done across the game. We don't have unlimited funds, resources, and time so we have to be smart about what we do. What is being suggested and discussed in this thread (by some people) is going into the territory of a 3D orrery map with data points and contextual information accurately plotted. Essentially a to-scale replica of the system as an interactive (or at least a move/pan-able) entity.
Rebuilding the entire mapping system is an unlikely thing right now, which is what would probably be required (again, speaking from the perspective of a layman) for such a gargantuan task. Improvements and refinement, I could see that happening as you sometimes see in milestone updates. Rebuilding...? not for the foreseeable.
The Midwestern Connecticut Council of Alcoholism (MCCA) has opened an addiction treatment clinic at 140 John St. in Bridgeport.
The clinic will offer outpatient treatment for alcohol and drug addiction, as well as mental health disorders including psychiatric reviews for medication management, assessments, and co-occurring disorders. Victor Pittman, previously MCCA's director at its New Haven clinic, was named program director at the new location.
The Bridgeport clinic is the second Fairfield County-based operation for MCCA, which also operates a Danbury facility that provides inpatient treatment, medically monitored detoxification and transitional housing for recovering addicts; the organization also runs the family support program How to Cope in Danbury. Elsewhere in Connecticut, MCCA runs outpatient clinics in Derby, New Haven, New Milford, Torrington and Waterbury, plus long-term residential treatment centers in Kent and Sharon.
So, last night, we were scheduled to play part 2 of the Very Holiday Dungeon World Special. And then, about 15 minutes before the game, I saw on Facebook that one of my players had had a death in his family of someone he was close to and loved very much.
This did not bode well for the night. Grief is a profound emotion, and we can use gaming to process it, but when it is raw… it is best to take your cues from the player and see if they're ready to process, or if they need a little escapism.
He needed some escape, so 10 minutes before the game, I threw my notes into a drawer and went for Plan B.
There's a game that's cropped up on /r/rpg on Reddit the past couple of weeks, called “All Out of Bubblegum.” It lends itself to high-speed action, lots of kicking ass, and drunkenness. In fact, drinking while playing is completely encouraged. Since the friend in question said he wanted to game and drink, I figured this would do well. But what plot to run?
Fortunately for me, one of my most creative gamer friends (and the DM of the Moving Forward campaign) was online at 5:50 (we nominally play at 6). Here's a rough transcript of our discussion:
Me: I have a game in 10 minutes and I need a really good villain for a modern action story. One of the players had a death in the family today, so I'm changing tonight's game to something more alcohol-oriented.
Steve: Damn… What do you mean by “modern”
Me: Like Die Hard. International kingpin… using supermodels to smuggle drugs?
Steve: Russian… Must be russian.
Me: I can do that. Russian mafia.
Steve: Done.
Me: Now to make it personal…. His kid sister gets recruited, and the next thing he knows, she's in a Russian prison cell.
Steve:A crooked KGB agent can get her out, but the heroes need to clean up that mob first.
Me: Because if she's in prison, she's sort of safe. Outside, Molotov and his gang will just have her killed. Because she knows something.
Steve: And she lost a lot of products
Me: No, money. Which she hid. But she can't tell her brother where it is. Until he gets her out.
Steve: Because Molotov has paid off a guard to see if she tells anyone
Me: Surveillance, all the time.
In less than 5 minutes, I had a story.
I texted the other two players and told one of them “We're changing plans due to a death in the family. Can you stop and get some gum?”
Because my players are awesome, there was no hesitation. “Sure. Be there at 6:35.”
We ordered pizza and wings and poured drinks. When the bubblegum arrived, Carl stepped outside for a smoke. I handed out roles to the other two players.
“OK, you're his younger sister, who's currently in a Russian prison after her job as an international supermodel went wrong. You stole a lot of money, drug money, from your employers. The woman in charge at the agency is named Natalya, and she's a mega-bitch. Got it?”
She nods, confident in this role.
“And you're a dirty ex-KGB agent who knows this girl stole a lot of money, say….”
“5 million dollars?”
“Yes, perfect– enough to be too tempting to walk away from.”
Carl stepped back in, I explained the very basic mechanics of All Out of Bubblegum, and we were off.
Early on, I decided to modify the rule that says you lose bubblegum if you fail a non-combat role. I liked the idea that you lose bubblegum whenever you fail (this escalates you to All Out pretty quickly), so we went with that.
Between the prison breakout, where they rescued a Russian prostitute who had shown kindness to Mercedes (the sister), the helicopter hijacking, in which our action hero, off-duty Secret Service Agent John McStrongbad killed the pilot (Ivan Dogski's cries of “Dat was my sister's broder-in-law! You stoopid fat American!” went unheeded), and the flight to Milan (Madrid? No, Milan! Doesn't matter– McStrongbad joins the Mile High club on the way), the PCs pretty much kept a high-energy mix of craziness and silly going all the way.
In Milan, they faced the first boss, Natalya, who ran the modeling agency and who had taken possession of the shoes in which Mercedes had hidden the Swiss bank account numbers necessary to get the $5 million. There were words, a shootout, and Natalya was ultimately knocked down by Ivan and throat-slit on the way out by McStrongbad.
Then it's a quick trip into Switzerland, completely running the checkpoint with their little Swiss minivan.
They head to a safe house. McStrongbad wants to kick the Russian prostitute out of the car, despite their intimate moment at 3500 feet, and she objects, claiming to have a warrant for her arrest in Switzerland. McStrongbad shoots her in the face, despite Ivan's protestations and attempt to stop this carnage from happening.
Finally, they get to a safehouse, clean up, and head to the bank. They find an incredibly calm, almost out of place banking establishment. Everything is clean and orderly. The teller is unfailingly polite, calling Mercedes “Madame,” and offering a secure room once Ivan starts talking about renegotiating their deal.
“Deal is off– I no longer want citizenship and house and condo and job and car– just citizenship and 10 percent of 5 million. You people– I want nothing to do with you!” This carries on for a while, and Mercedes steps out to ask the teller to split the checks, so to speak.
The bank manager and teller are waiting in the lobby for them with two cases when the party steps out. Mercedes checks the cases and hands them to McStrongbad and Ivan. The trio step out, get into their minivan, and head the 3 blocks to the American embassy. McStrongbad makes the call to his contacts in the U.S. government to finally arrange for Ivan's part of the deal.
Then all hell breaks loose (cell phone still transmitting). Alexi Molotov, the head of this particular branch of the Russian mafia, ambushes them with twelve machine-gunners and a big black SUV. He threatens then, but by now, they're all out of bubblegum, and Molotov's remaining time on this plane of earthly existence can be measured in syllables. Just as he's explaining that he will be killing Ivan and McStrongbad, but not before he rapes and kills Mercedes, McStrongbad and Ivan fake out a fight between the two of them, but jolt past each other, into the machine gunners, headbutting one, shooting another, while Mercedes kicks Molotov in the femoral artery with her titanium stiletto heels.
It's all over in seconds, except Ivan now sees that a stray bullet has killed their driver. Operating a door at this point is impossible– he's all out of bubblegum– so he pushed out through the sunroof and dives into the driver side window, pushing the driver out of the way. He gets control over the vehicle just as it goes over the side of the bridge.
Mercedes is pushed out by her brother and bobs to the surface. Sirens and emergency vehicles are converging. there's a tense moment and then both McStrongbad and Ivan surface, each carrying a case from the bank. They're taken in by the embassy to be debriefed and told their official stories.
It's not until after Ivan has been separated from them and sent on his way that they get a chance to open the cases, which, naturally, have been switched. There's a single, final shot of Ivan, opening the briefcase and a glow of joy lighting up his face.
Roll credits.
Latest Posts
Popular Posts
With the proverbial bell tolling for the end of the Arctic ice sheet, as well as for the Obama presidency, dozens of leading scientists are calling on the president to pass a permanent ban on fossil fuel drilling in the Arctic—one that cannot be easily undone by his climate-denying successor, Donald Trump.
On Monday, 34 prominent scientists, including former members of the Obama administration, sent a letter to the outgoing president explaining why such a ban is crucial for the preservation of the pristine Arctic ecosystem, as well as for the future of the planet.
"You have identified disruption of the earth's climate as a significant concern of your administration because it poses a grave threat to the future of our planet," the letter states.
But, the letter continues, the president's efforts on climate will be betrayed so long as the Arctic remains under future threat of fossil fuel development:
We can lay no claim to sustainability if we continue to develop the Arctic's offshore fossil fuels. First, the hypersensitivity of Arctic ecosystems, combined with our obvious inability to respond to significant spills under Arctic conditions, means that we are taking risks that we cannot manage; we are essentially crossing our fingers that we will cause no severe, adverse events such as the Exxon Valdez or Deepwater Horizon oil spills. [...] Second, thoughtful research and careful management are necessary for dealing with climate disruption but, in the foreseeable future, no amount of Arctic research can counter the full adverse effects of more oil and gas development on the global climate. Moving away from our heavy reliance on fossil fuels is one of the most important steps we can take to avoid such disruption.
"Such exploitation," the letter continues, "places our needs above those of future generations, and undercuts efforts to address climate disruption in a responsible manner. The basic tenets of good citizenship call for thoughtful, responsible, enlightened action—including restraint—to address climate disruption...Your strong leadership these past eight years indicates that you know these things to be right and true."
The scientists conclude with the plea to "take yet another difficult, courageous step."
"With Trump threatening to return to the days of 'drill, baby, drill,' President Obama should be doing everything in his power to secure our public lands and waters, climate, and communities from the significant and irreversible dangers of fossil fuel development."
—Marissa Knodel, Friends of the Earth
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The letter comes days after President Barack Obama announced that the Arctic is no longer part of the Interior Department's five-year-plan for offshore drilling in federal waters.
But climate hawks want the outgoing president to go even further, particularly because the president-elect—who believes climate change is a "bunch of bunk," according to Trump's incoming chief of staff Reince Priebus—has made clear his disdain for federal environmental regulations.
"Under a Trump administration, the Interior Department could revise its five-year plan and open these areas to extraction within a few years," Grist reported last week.
However, a permanent ban on Arctic drilling would not be so easy to reverse.
Specifically, scientists, lawmakers, and environmental advocates are asking Obama to use the executive powers granted to him under section 12(a) of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (pdf) to permanently protect both the Atlantic Ocean and the Arctic Ocean.
The Act "gives the president unilateral authority to protect sections of the outer continental shelf from future energy development leasing," as explained in a recent letter sent to Obama by Rep. Frank Pallone (D-N.J.), who is among the 72 members of Congress also advocating for such a move.
"Putting off-shore areas off-limits to drilling is not the same as naming a national monument, but it's similar in that it uses a presidential power outside the normal rule-making process," Grist further explained. "To repeal permanent protection, Congress would need to change the underlying law, the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, or pass stand-alone legislation."
"With Trump threatening to return to the days of 'drill, baby, drill,' President Obama should be doing everything in his power to secure our public lands and waters, climate, and communities from the significant and irreversible dangers of fossil fuel development," Marissa Knodel, climate change campaigner at Friends of the Earth, told Grist.
A medical ethicist hopes a damning report that outlines how Indigenous women in Saskatoon were coerced into being sterilized is a "teaching moment" for doctors and hospitals across the country.
"It's egregious, it's blatant, it's clearly racist and it's very unlikely it was confined to one or two health authorities or confined to a few First Nations women," said Arthur Schafer, a bioethicist and director of the Centre for Professional and Applied Ethics at the University of Manitoba.
Schafer says the report released this week should be read by doctors and health-care professionals not just in Saskatchewan but across Canada.
The 57-page report released this week outlines how at least seven Indigenous women in Saskatoon were coerced into having tubal ligation surgery after giving birth. It details how they often felt racism and degradation during their hospital visit, have mistrusted the medical system, and felt "invisible, profiled and powerless."
Indigenous women coerced into tubal ligation felt 'invisible, profiled and powerless' according to an external report. 0:58
Schafer said while the report was about Saskatoon hospitals (specifically Royal University Hospital), it has implications for doctors and hospitals elsewhere.
"Every hospital, every health-care faculty in Canada should be studying what happened in Saskatchewan and learning from it and dedicating ourselves to preventing it from happening again, anywhere, ever," he said.
Report provides historical context
The report says sterilization of Indigenous women in nothing new in Canada.
"Historically, Canada's sterilization policies have had great detrimental effects on Indigenous women," the report said.
"Large numbers of Aboriginal women and men were sterilized for being 'mentally unfit' – when in reality, for various cultural and historical reasons they did not fit in with the Eurocentric dominant society's definition of 'fit.'"
The report said Saskatchewan did not participate in sterilization policies that were enacted in Alberta and British Columbia, but it does say the "sterilization legislation legacy remains intact through imprints in not only Saskatchewan but all of Canada's health care system."
Schafer said the fact this happened recently and not in the distant past should come as a shock to Canadians.
In McCarty's first blog for Goal.com, the midfielder shares his excitement in scoring a goal in the Red Bulls' first win of the season and living in New York City.
Follow Dax McCarty on
Hello, all loyal Dax McCarty blog post readers!Welcome to the first installment of the blog for Goal.com. Since this is my first, I guess you can't technically be loyal readers just yet, but considering you have read this far, I'm just going to consider that a win for the sake of my writing confidence. So thank you!For those who don't have the slightest clue who I am (which is probably pretty much all of you, which is sad because you are supposed to be my loyal readers... oh well, I digress), I am a midfielder for the New York Red Bulls in Major League Soccer.I'm currently embarking on my eighth season as a professional athlete, which is already an incredible personal accomplishment because if you asked my seventh grade gym teacher, I shouldn't have been allowed to participate in gym class dodgeball because I was too small. Well, HA! Joke's on him, look at me now. OK, I admit that's actually pretty rich of me to say because if you saw me on the side of the road, you would probably mistake me for a used car salesman, not a high-level athlete. But no matter, I followed my dream and it came true. How many people can say that and mean it? I certainly do.This is my third season with the Red Bulls after five sun-burned years with FC Dallas and 37 minutes with D.C. United (OK, it was more like six months but it certainly felt like the former after being in Longhorn country so long).The start of the season came upon us incredibly fast this year because of a shortened preseason and a more congested schedule, but ask anyone involved in MLS and they will tell you the same thing: the schedule is a great sign of continuing progress for our fast-growing league.There are a lot of improvements with the Red Bulls as well. With a new boss at the helm in Mike Petke and a roster makeover that would make George Steinbrenner proud (additions of Juninho, half of FC Dallas and Real Salt Lake - 2010 versions), it understandably took us a little bit longer to get going than many other teams around the league.We finally got our first win of the season this past weekend (five games in) against our big rivals from down the road, the Philadelphia Union. Other than it being our first win of the young season, the other big news to come from the game was: one, Thierry Henry is still really, really good. And two, I scored a goal!!!!!I say that with incredible excitement because me scoring a goal happens about as often as a lunar eclipse, so you understand my joy. Add in the fact that it was our first win with Mike leading us, in front of our wonderful home crowd, and that made for a pretty special first victory of the season. The feeling in the locker room after the game was a mixture of excitement, relief, and quiet confidence. We know we are a good team and hopefully getting that first win of the season off our chest will spur us on to a nice run going into the brutal summer months.Playing for the Red Bulls certainly has its perks, and one of them is the fact that we are in very close proximity to one of the greatest cities in the world. I'm talking about The Big Apple, The City That Never Sleeps, The City Of Dreams, The Concrete Jungle, none other than... Newark, N.J. OK fine, I don't think that's what they call Newark but they certainly would if New York City didn't steal all those nicknames first.In a somewhat random move, I decided last summer to throw all inhibitions to the wind and take my talents across the Hudson to New York City and I haven't looked back since. I love everything about living here. If you can't find something fun to do on a daily basis in a city like this, you should probably just retire from living in populated areas and become a farmer or something. Just the other day on our team's day off, Heath Pearce, Connor Lade and I decided to see what type of trouble we could get into.In the span of about five hours, we had a ping pong tournament at Spin NYC in the Flatiron district, a shuffleboard tournament at Fat Cat in West Village, snacked at a local taco truck off Seventh Ave, and finished off with dinner and bingo (yes, bingo) at Tortilla Flats near the Meatpacking district. All in a day's work!All focus and efforts now move on to getting another 'W' this weekend in Chicago. Until next time, loyal readers, take care! And smile every once in a while! Hey, that rhymed.Dax
Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte holds a sub-machinegun as admirers take a selfie with him during the 23rd Defense and Sporting Arms Show at SM Megamall on Wednesday. In his speech, Duterte again espoused his idea of governance despite being non-committal to running for the presidency. Fernando Sepe, Jr., ABS-CBN News
MANILA - Former Bayan Muna party-list representative Teodoro 'Teddy' Casiño said there is no smoking gun linking Davao City Mayor and incoming President Rodrigo Duterte to the alleged death squad killings in the city.
Speaking to radio DZMM on Friday, Casiño said extra-judicial killings in Davao City are a "ticklish issue" between rights advocates and the Davao mayor, who has led the city for over two decades.
"Apparently, hinahayaan at ini-encourage pa nga ito ni Mayor Duterte and that has always been an issue of disagreement sa amin, at mismo yung mga kasamahan namin sa Davao City ang magsasabi na yan ay ongoing ticklish issue. Hindi pinagkakasunduan yan ni Mayor Digong at sa amin," he said.
"But of course, wala naman talagang lumalabas pang sabihin na nating 'smoking gun' or proof na siya mismo ang nag-o-order ng mga ito. As I said, it is an issue that we are engaged in with Mayor Duterte, and we hope na kapag siya ang maging pangulo ay hindi maganap sa buong Pilipinas yung mga naganap na extrajudicial killings sa Davao," he added.
"This will always be an issue na pagtatalunan namin siguro ni Mayor Duterte when he becomes president."
Casiño said human rights groups are opposed to extra-judicial killings, saying the president should not encourage such activities "because it will be hard to control when it starts happening nationwide."
"It will be the end of due process. We have always reminded Mayor Duterte about these dangers," he said.
READ: Don't be a dictator, priest tells Duterte
Human rights groups have documented at least 1,400 killings in Davao that they allege had been carried out by death squads since 1998. Most of those murdered were drug users, petty criminals and street children.
A four-year probe into such killings by the National Bureau of Investigation has not led to a single prosecution.
READ: Death squads under Duterte presidency: Quo vadis?
Duterte earlier vowed that if elected president, he would kill 100,000 criminals and dump so many in Manila Bay that the "fish will grow fat" from feeding on them.
READ: Kill the criminals! Duterte's vote-winning vow in Philippines
He also said he will seek to restore the death penalty in the Philippines, warning he will hang the most heinous criminals twice: once to kill them, then again to "completely sever the head from the body".
This week, Duterte told journalists not to believe his "preposterous statements."
Last October we told you the dramatic story of young Daniel Montalvo, a 19-year-old who had been brought up in Scientology but had made a dramatic break for freedom — only to be thrown in jail by the LA Sheriff's Office on behalf of revenge-minded Scientologists.
Since that time, we've kept in touch with Daniel and the actor Jason Beghe, whose Malibu ranch has been Montalvo's protective sanctuary as Scientology continued to send private eyes and process servers at him.
Today, Daniel turns 20 years old. Yesterday, he filed two stunning lawsuits against Scientology with the help of attorney S. Christopher “Kit” Winter.
Winter helped Montalvo avoid the grand reaching that tends to characterize lawsuits against Scientology, and instead kept his complaints laser-focused on damning charges about how children are used by the church in troubling ways.
Specifically, Montalvo's lawsuits paint a picture of a child who was essentially abandoned by his two Scientologist parents to the organization, was signed to a billion-year contract at only 6 years of age, and through his teens was forced to work up to 100 hours a week with only the barest schooling, and for wretched pay (about $35 a week).
In the past, when Scientology has been confronted with the low pay and miserable conditions of its “Sea Org” workers, the church has responded that such workers are analogous to the monks of other religions who choose a life of asceticism and contemplation.
But Montalvo's lawsuit anticipates that excuse: not only was the youngster denied an adequate education, he was also not trained in Scientology itself. He was simply a miserably-treated, underpaid, and underage drone who was asked to operate dangerous machines without adult supervision.
“Yes, the ‘monk's life' shtick doesn't ring so true when it's kids who are involved — especially kids who couldn't care less about L. Ron Hubbard,” says Winter.
Working at Bridge Publications in the City of Commerce, where some of Scientology's books are produced, in January 2008 Montalvo lost a finger operating a “notching” machine. Two days later, the Sea Org insisted that he return to work, the lawsuits allege.
The St. Petersburg Times, always great on all things Scientology, has an excellent rundown of the lawsuit specifics this morning:
The lawsuits filed in state court in L.A. include allegations that Montalvo: • Was permitted to attend school about one day a week because working for Sea Org took priority. • Spent his childhood working at least 40 hours a week, and often more than 100 hours a week for pay that ranged from $35 to $50 a week. • Had no work permits required of minors. • Was made to work back-to-back 12-hour days in the fall of 2007, when the church was pushing its staff to produce and sell a new book release. • From 2008 to 2010, was punished along with other workers for lack of production. He was made to run laps wearing a jacket and tie, clean grease traps and do push ups. • Worked past midnight for two months in 2009 after rising at 6 a.m. each day, and was made to do push ups and dig ditches for lack of production. • Suffered an accident at age 16 while cleaning a “notching” machine at the church's printing unit, Bridge Publications. Half of his right index finger was cut off and no ambulance was called, the lawsuit asserts. It says Montalvo was taken to the hospital but told by the Sea Org to tell doctors he was a volunteer. He was not to mention Scientology.
We were especially encouraged to see that Scientology attorney Kendrick Moxon was named as a defendant in Montalvo's lawsuit. As we pointed out in our previous story about Montalvo, it was Moxon who lured the young man back to Los Angeles with promises of seeing his mother, only to double-cross him by having him sit through interrogations with Scientology attorneys and a short stint in jail, the lawsuit alleges.
Moxon we know very well. Eleven years ago, we showed in great detail what sort of skeezy behavior Moxon was capable of on behalf of Scientology.
As the St. Pete Times points out, a similar lawsuit against Scientology was brought by Marc Headley, another defector we've written about. That lawsuit was dismissed by a federal judge. But we've rarely seen a lawsuit like Montalvo's — one aimed at Scientology in such a narrow, focused way, leaving out Scientology's beliefs and focusing only on how it treats its Sea Org wretches. It's early days, but this case should be spectacular to watch unfold.
For the complaints themselves, Marty Rathbun has them in pdf form at his blog, “Moving on Up a Little Higher.”
Tony Ortega is the editor-in-chief of The Village Voice. Since 1995, he's been writing about Scientology at several publications. Among his other stories about L. Ron Hubbard's organization:
The Larry Wollersheim Saga — Scientology Finally Pays For Its Fraud
The Tory Bezazian (Christman) Story — How the Internet Saved A Scientologist From Herself
The Jason Beghe Defection — A Scientology Celebrity Goes Rogue
The Paul Haggis Ultimatum — The ‘Crash' Director Tells Scientology to Shove It
The Marc Headley Escape — ‘Tom Cruise Told Me to Talk to a Bottle'
The Jefferson Hawkins Stipulation — Scientology's former PR genius comes clean
The Daniel Montalvo Double-Cross — Scientology lures a young defector into a trap
A Church Myth Debunked — Scientology and Proposition 8
Image: Shutterstock
Right now, in Canada, there's a battle going on for its citizens' genes, as health insurance companies are using genome sequencing to assess risk (read: increase rates) for patients who are predisposed to certain diseases.
The country's privacy commissioner issued a policy statement last week saying that the government would really appreciate if health insurance companies left genetic testing out of whatever actuarial algorithms they're using, but hasn't banned the practice outright.
While Canada has universal health care that's highly subsidized by (and often free for consumers), there are still plenty of private insurers. And, right now, the country's health insurance industry has instituted a voluntary moratorium on asking people to specifically undergo genetic testing when they apply for coverage. But that doesn't mean it never happens—it just happens in a different way. If a person has already undergone genetic testing in the past, insurance companies will regularly request that data from a prospective client's doctors.
"If genetic testing has been done and the information is available to the applicant for insurance and/or the applicant's physician, the insurer would request access to that information just as it would for other aspects of the applicant's health history," the Canadian Life and Health Insurance Association stated as its official policy on the issue.
The practice sets a pretty scary precedent that some have worried about for years—what happens when and if a baby is genetically tested at birth and is determined to be a risky investment for an insurance company? Some countries, including the United States have (sort of) already banned the practice, but there's still no law against it in Canada.
“Some of these tests—as time goes on, and now—are important indicators with respect to risk,” Frank Zinatelli, a lawyer with the CLHIA, told Canada's Globe and Mail. “So yes, we feel it's important to be able to have access to those types of information.”
An insurance company flak would say that. There's no denying that knowing whether someone is predisposed to having Alzheimer's or Parkinson's or certain types of cancer is valuable information for an insurance company. It's, perhaps, the most important thing an insurance company can learn about a person, from a business standpoint.
It's also why the United States, a country that seemingly protects its citizens' privacy much less than Canada does passed a ban on genetic discrimination back in 2008. There are loopholes in that law, sure (it only covers health insurance and employment, not life insurance), but it's better than any sort of "voluntary moratorium," especially when the industry is champing at the bit to expand the practice. Meanwhile, a bill that would actually ban genetic discrimination has been sitting in Canadian parliament since October, with little indication that it's going to move forward.
Democrats are starting to panic.
This weekend Politico Magazine argued that Trump's position and free but fair trade could give him Ohio, Wisconsin and Michigan in the November election.
Donald Trump with coal miners in West Virginia. Union members are flocking to Donald Trump.
And Hillary Clinton hasn't even been indicted yet!
Breitbart.com reported:
A Friday piece in Politico Magazine warns that a Hillary Clinton “fumble on trade” could give Donald Trump wins in Ohio, Wisconsin, and Michigan in a general election contest.
In a piece entitled, “How Hillary Loses,” David S. Bernstein writes that the new polls showing Trump ahead of Clinton represent a “terrifying moment for Democrats.”
While Bernstein says one should not read too much into the early polls, he argues that the polling numbers reveal that “there is now a clear path for her to lose” the election.
In particular, Bernstein explains that trade could win Trump Ohio, Wisconsin, and maybe Michigan. Bernstein's warning in Politico echoes earlier concerns published by the liberal, anti-Trump Huffington Post, which similarly outlined how Trump's position on trade could deliver him to victory against Clinton.
Bernstein writes:
"The report of my death was an exaggeration."
...or... "Don't call it a comeback. I've been here for years."
LL Cool J
In the "Beyond 35" update distributed via email and social media in April, I shared that APEB made the difficult decision to end all medical case management and psychosocial support services funded by the Ryan White Program. Eliminating those services and the associated staff positions allowed the agency to consolidate all remaining services in a central location and reduce lease payment obligations in downtown Oakland by over $250K annually... We moved, but we didn't close!
APEB continues to provide:
Rapid, confidential HIV and Hepatitis C education, testing, and linkage-to-care services;
Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) navigation;
Substance use prevention and sexual health education services for youth ages 13-24;
Project Independence and HOPWA housing case management for people living with HIV; and
Targeted case management services for clients enrolled in the California AIDS Medi-Cal Waiver program.
All APEB staff and services are now based in East Oakland at City of Refuge UCC located at 8400 Enterprise Way.
While we don't expect many of our downtown clients to drop in to the new location at 8400 Enterprise Way, our mobile unit will be more visible throughout the community, and our licensed 2-exam room community health clinic will be ready to see patients again this summer. Housing Case Manager Shirley Gainey will also maintain limited office hours for clients at Tassafaronga Village on 85th Avenue.
APEB is positioning itself for the future by exploring options for program sustainability beyond our 35th Anniversary. In the coming months, we will introduce you to our Management Team and Board of Directors. Stayed tuned for an end-of-summer Open House at City of Refuge and an end-of-
Upcoming Events
July 20:23rd Ave and East 12th St Oakland, Ca July 27: Walgreens 8102 International Blvd. Oakland, Ca August 5: SO Oakland Festival Oakland, Ca August 10: 5th st. & Webster St. Oakland, Ca August 11: 1010 91st Ave, Oakland , Ca August 17: East Oakland Community Project 7515 International Blvd, Oakland, Ca August 24: 10320 International Blvd, Oakland, Ca
Pontiff wraps up Turkey visit by addressing plight of Christians in Syria and iraq and calls for ‘constructive dialogue' with Islam
The pope has concluded a three-day trip to Turkey by attending a religious service in Istanbul led by the ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew I, the pre-eminent spiritual leader of 300 million Orthodox Christians worldwide.
Afterwards, both men condemned the violent persecution of many Christian communities in the Middle East, and called for peace in Ukraine.
In a joint declaration signed by Pope Francis and Bartholomew after the divine liturgy to commemorate the Feast of Saint Andrew the Apostle, the leaders expressed concern for the increasingly volatile situation in both Syria and Iraq, and urged the international community not to turn away from their responsibility to those being oppressed and driven from their homes.
“Many of our brothers and sisters are being persecuted and have been forced violently from their homes”, the text read. “It even seems that the value of human life has been lost, that the human person no longer matters and may be sacrificed to other interests. And, tragically, all this is met by the indifference of many.”
They also highlighted the importance of inter-faith dialogue and religious tolerance and freedom, calling for “constructive dialogue with Islam based on mutual respect and friendship.”
The fourth reigning pope to come to the predominantly Muslim country, Francis's visit came at a time of great difficulties for Middle Eastern Christian communities, especially in Syria and Iraq where civil war and the growing influence of Islamic State militants who have captured large swaths of both countries have displaced millions of people, with almost 2 million Syrian refugees living in Turkey.
On Sunday, the 77-year-old Argentinian pontiff repeated his call to put an end to all forms of fundamentalism not through military interventions, but by eradicating poverty, hunger and marginalisation around the world, all of which facilitated the recruitment of terrorists.
During his three-day visit to Turkey, the pope has drawn attention to the persecution of Christians in the Middle East while discussing relations with Islam. He has also addressed the schism between Catholicism and Orthodoxy.
In an unprecedented gesture of humility and respect towards the Orthodox church, Francis bowed before Bartholomew and asked for his blessing on Saturday during a joint ecumenical service in Istanbul at the Patriarchal Church of St George, the first pontiff ever to do so. Bartholomew, with whom Francis is said to share close personal ties, was last year also the first Orthodox patriarch to attend a papal inaugural mass since the split between the churches almost 1,000 years ago.
The ecumenical patriarchy expressed satisfaction with the pontiff's visit to Turkey and the renewed commitment for cooperation between the two churches.
“The Pope's visit was an overwhelming success, exceeding our expectations and aspirations”, John Chryssavgis, theological adviser to the Patriarch of Constantinople, said. “There is a special connection – I would say inspired and spirited friendship – between these two visionary leaders. We are very blessed to have such primates on the thrones of Rome and Constantinople at the same time and at a critical point in history.”
It wasn't very long ago that Donald Trump vowed he could completely eliminate the American federal debt by the end of his second term as president.
Now, the Republican presidential candidate is doing a complete 180, telling CNBC's Squawk Box that because interest rates are “so low” that “this is the time to borrow, and to borrow long term, so that we can have money to rebuild our infrastructure.”
Trump demurred when asked just how much debt he was comfortable with taking on, but he argued that ideally the U.S. would borrow even more than the $500 billion in new infrastructure spending he pledged last week. That would only compound the problem Trump already faces in his proposed tax cuts adding to the debt and deficit. Previous analyses of Trump's tax plan said that it would add $9.5 trillion in debt over 10 years, although the revisions he announced earlier this week would likely bring that figure down.
Trump has also pledged that he will protect entitlement spending like Medicare and Social Security, which are increasingly eating up larger and larger shares of the budget. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that beginning in 2019, the budget deficit as a share of GDP will begin rising rapidly as the result of an aging population that is working less and receiving more in entitlement payments.
Furthermore, standard economic theory says that the window for serious deficit spending may have already closed. Even though the U.S. is growing on average at just around 2% per year, that may actually be above our potential rate of growth because population and productivity growth have declined so much. Further deficit spending when the unemployment rate is at an historically low rate of 4.9% and when we are growing at above potential could crowd out private investment and fuel inflation.
In these sorts of situations, economists advise that taxes be raised to pay for necessary infrastructure, rather than using debt. Another school of thought, however, says that the unemployment rate is deceptively low, and deficit spending is in fact necessary to jolt the labor force out of the sluggishness that beset it after the recession.
As a fire rages in a house, people escape through W. Joachim Smith's new invented chute machine. Wellcome Library/CC BY 4.0
In the morning of March 10, 1860, a crowd of several hundred New Yorkers looked up curiously at a long cloth chute dangling from the top of City Hall. The tube was supported by ropes along its sides, with one end fastened to the top of the building and the other held by people on the ground. “Through this bottomless bag the persons in danger are expected to slide,” reported Scientific American in its March 10 issue.
A group of adventurous boys and men slid daringly through the chute, the spectators both relieved and amused when they reached the ground in one piece.
Lewis Anidjah's 1890 patent for a flame retardant canvas chute with a hammock at the end where the person lands is akin to the one used at the City Hall demonstration. Google Patents US 418879 A
Inventor W.W. Van Loan's English-made cloth tube, experimentally demonstrated at City Hall, was just one of the many kinds of fire escape contraptions of the 1800s and early 1900s. New household technologies such as oil and gas lamps and kitchen ranges had become commonplace, and also a common cause of fires. Consequentially, inventors came up with creative mechanisms to help escape from a burning building.
While most patents were portable variations on ropes, chutes, and ladders-on-wheels, parachute helmets and winged apparatuses leaned more towards the bizarre and ridiculous.
“There are a lot of designs for fire escapes, but none of them really inspire confidence,” says National Archives archivist Julie Halls, who authored a section about fire escape patents in her book Inventions That Didn't Change the World. ”There's a flimsy looking contraption designed to catch you if you jump out of a window, and various baskets attached to ropes and pulleys that are meant to lower to the ground. Although none of them look very practical, they do reflect the fear of fire at that time.”
Pasquale Nigro's 1909 patent for a winged fire escape invention. Google Patent US 912152 A
By the 19th century, fire risks began to increase at an alarming rate within homes and factories. Faulty home appliances like kitchen ranges and small bathroom boilers (also called geysers) were prone to explode, wrote Halls in Inventions That Didn't Change the World. Oil and gas lamps, stoves, hearths, and chimneys were all sources of inferno.
Unfortunately, Victorian popular fashion did not mix well with these sources of heat. The brush of a six-foot wide crinoline dress against a hearth or stove would engulf the material (and the woman in it) in flames. Many tragic deaths were caused by scorched crinoline. Other women donning the same style could only watch in horror, knowing if they got too close to assist they too could end up caught in an inferno, Halls wrote.
The fireplace was a symbol of Victorian domestic life, and firemen became heroic figures in the public imagination. It was common for fires to attract large crowds of spectators, the head of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade in 1865 even playing up the public performance aspect of fire fighting, Halls says.
Crinoline dresses were a dangerous, highly flammable fashion. Public Domain
With the higher number of conflagrations and casualties, came a greater number of fire escape inventions, particularly those aimed at middle-class consumers, says Halls.
“Patents for fire escapes increased from just a handful before 1860 to dozens each year in the 1860s,” Sara Wermiel wrote in Technology and Culture. In New York, lawmakers did not specify the kinds of devices that would qualify as safe and approved fire escapes. The lack of specificity and the sheer demand “inspired inventors to turn out a range of mainly impractical things they dubbed ‘fire escapes,'” she wrote.
The parachute helmet would have also come with a pair of thick cushioned shoes. Google Patent US 221855 A
Many didn't see the need to construct additional exits and stairs within buildings since most were small, and required only a rescue ladder. From 1862 to the end of the decade, New York City's building officials accepted portable devices, including such inventions meant to be worn by an escapee as he or she jumps from the window of a tall building.
B.B. Oppenheimer's 1879 patent for a fire escape helmet would have included a wax cloth chute, about four to five feet in diameter, attached in “a suitable manner” to the head. “A person may safely jump out of the window of a burning building from any height and land without injury and without the least damage on the ground,” Oppenheimer wrote. To soften the impact, his invention also featured overshoes with thick elastic bottom pads.
In a similar vein, Pasquale Nigro proposed a fabric-covered set of wings that would allow a wearer to fly down to safety. He wrote: “In operation, the wearer engages the loops with his hands and is prepared to leap, the air imprisoned beneath the fabric material, serving to up-hold the wearer and break the force of his fall.”
Nigro asked for about $33,000 in 1909 to execute his invention, however, the idea never quite took off.
Houghton's fire escape from 1877 featured a portable rope with pegs. Public Domain
A common design trend seen among patents were ropes, pulleys, slings, and baskets, says Halls. “They often look quite complicated to use and set up, and would require a lot of quick thinking and dexterity under pressure,” she says.
For example, R.H. Houghton's 1877 fire escape proposal featured pegs tied along a rope to create a flimsy mock ladder that may have been difficult to keep steady if an escapee was trying to quickly descend from a burning building. A few systems operated like an elevator that would be propped and fastened to a window.
A portable fire escape elevator designed in 1890 by Bradford Flandors. Google Patent US 453044 A
Some officials tried mandating different tactics with ropes, but were met with skepticism. In 1882, retired quartermaster general of the United States Army, Montgomery Meigs, proposed that long bows with heavy metal arrows or hooks and balls of twine be hung inside doors of the government printing office building in Washington.
In Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and other states in the United States, local authorities adopted a rope fire-escape law for hotels, which had the second highest fatality rate after theater fires. The law required hotel owners to place ropes in guestrooms, explains Wermiel. “Such laws, which assumed that frightened hotel guests could climb down ropes from windows high above the street, struck contemporaries as silly,” she wrote.
This fire escape design by W.W. Griffin in 1883 features hooks with ropes that are projected up towards a window. A ladder would then be positioned. Google Patent US 275197 A
Tall slides and cloth tubes that gave escapees a direct line of descent to the ground was a popular, and more logical solution. There were a variety of chute designs, from flame retardant canvas, netting, and metal. In the early 20th century, some schools and hospitals installed metal slide chutes to the sides of buildings. Companies still install and utilize similar kinds of escape chutes today.
A fire escape ladder and canvas chute from 1884. New York Public Library Digital Collections
Over time, the success and failure of different fire escape designs brought forth improved rules and regulations. In 1861, the massive London Tooley Street fire that caused the demise of many warehouses led to new legislation for governing fire services, the adoption of stricter commercial building regulations, and increased fire brigade services in the United Kingdom, Halls wrote.
In the United States, the 1911 Triangle Shirtwaist fire at the Asch Building in Greenwich Village in New York City that left 145 workers dead and dozens injured caused a shift towards stricter requirements for exits and fire escapes, Wermiel explains. Because of the horrible incident, architects incorporated fire towers, exterior stairs built with the similar strength of interior stairs, and other alternative exit routes.
A metal chute that drops from the second story of a brick building, taken in 1924. NARA
The Victorians' fascination with fires and the fertile ground for enterprise bolstered the number of fire escape designs. The only problem: each of them, says Halls, “seem to carry as many risks as the fire the person was trying to escape from.”
Really like how the NMM and the skin tones turned out and blending in the two skin tones on each half of the Doc was surprising easy with airbrush.
Steps:
Prime grey Dark skin tone (Deep blue or Angel green) on the bottom and recesses Mid skin tone blending in the dark leaving the top alone (Electric blue and Goblin green) White on top and areas I want highlighted Fluorescent blue/green on white to blend in Gloss coat to protect Brush on off black on metal Blue tac skin to cover Light grey NMM highlight on selected areas Light white NMM extreme highlight on selected areas Gloss coat to protect Oil wash black in recesses Gloss to seal oil Brush edge NMM highlights of grey and white on metal edges Brush highlights on skin and other parts Matt varnishes to reduce shine Paint eyes red (createx red with slight gloss)
More pictures:
Advertisements
Countries have agreed proposal that should come into force by midnight, says Turkish foreign minister
Turkey and Russia have agreed on a proposal for a general ceasefire in Syria and will aim to put it into effect by midnight on Wednesday night, Turkey's foreign minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu has said.
But he still insisted that Syrian president Bashar al-Assad must eventually go, a precondition for talks that Russia has always opposed.
There was also no sign that the mainstream Syrian opposition groups had agreed to the ceasefire, and it appears likely there will be be disagreement about the territory to be covered by any ceasefire. The rebel groups will want it to extend to the Damascus countryside, something that Russia opposes.
A senior official in the opposition said they had not received the details of any official deal and denied that they had agreed to a ceasefire agreement.
“The details of the ceasefire have not been presented officially to the opposition factions yet, and there is no agreement at this point,” the official said.
Russia, Iran and Turkey said last week they were ready to help broker a peace deal after holding talks in Moscow where they adopted a declaration setting out the principles any agreement should adhere to.
“There are two texts ready on a solution in Syria. One is about a political resolution and the other is about a ceasefire. They can be implemented any time,” Çavuşoğlu told reporters on the sidelines of an awards ceremony at the presidential palace in Ankara.
He said Syria's opposition would never back Assad.
“The whole world knows it is not possible for there to be a political transition with Assad, and we also all know that it is impossible for these people to unite around Assad.”
Last week, Russia's foreign minister said Russia, Iran and Turkey had agreed that the priority in Syria was to fight terrorism and not to remove Assad's government.
Turkey's state-run Anadolu news agency said earlier on Wednesday that Moscow and Ankara had agreed on a proposal towards a general ceasefire. The Kremlin said it could not comment on the report, and it may be the Turks have announced something prematurely.
Common ground on Syria unites Russia and Turkey against the west Read more
Any ceasefire would exclude groups labelled as terrorists by the two countries, allowing attacks to continue against Islamic State and others. Turkey has said the talks must not include the Syrian Kurdish Democratic party (PYD) or its military arm (YPG).
Arrangements for the Russian-led talks are vague, but Moscow has said they will take place in Kazakhstan. Astana, the Kazakh capital, staged Syrian peace talks in 2015, but critics said they excluded most of the mainstream opposition and so were largely pointless.
Russia's foreign minister said on Tuesday the Syrian government was consulting with the opposition before possible peace talks, while a Saudi-backed opposition group said it knew nothing of the negotiations but supported a ceasefire.
The talks would exclude groups labelled as terrorists by Moscow, a group that would exclude al-Nusra, the al-Qaida franchise in Syria, and Isis, the Sunni group based in Raqqa in north-east Syria.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A tractor removes rubble as the Syrian government starts to clean up areas formerly held by opposition forces in Aleppo. Photograph: AFP/Getty
Turkey is likely to demand that the Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) are also excluded from the Astana talks, even though with the help of the US they have led the offensive against Isis in Raqqa. The US has been backing the SDF since 2015 with training, money and some arms.
The Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, said on Tuesday night that the talks would include representatives of the regime of the Syrian president, Bashar al-Assad, as well as the opposition. But he added: “We will not welcome a decision to invite terrorrist groups to the summit.”
Erdoğan made clear he regarded the US-supported SDF as terrorists, saying of the US: “They were accusing us of supporting Daesh [Isis]. Now they give support to the terrorist groups including Daesh, YPG, PYD. It's very clear – we have confirmed evidence with pictures, photos and videos.”
Erdoğan also blamed the US for the difficulties Turkey was facing with the month-long al-Bab offensive, accusing it of withholding support through aerial operations. “Even though the US-led coalition has failed to keep its promises in our operation to liberate al-Bab, we will rid the city of Daesh terrorists, no matter what.”
The Turkish air campaign has been criticised after 120 civilians were killed in the offensive.
Turkey for the past five years has been the sternest opponent of Assad and broadly aligned with Europe, but appears in the middle of a major diplomatic manoeuvre by allying itself more with Moscow than Washington.
Ankara was noticeably silent during the Iranian-Russian backed assault on east Aleppo, the single biggest reverse of the Syrian opposition.
Turkey's ultimate goal is unclear, and is made more complex by the imminent arrival of the US president-elect, Donald Trump, who has yet to formulate a coherent Syria policy.
The UN, seeking to stay relevant in the face of the diplomatic initiative being led by the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, has said it will restart its stalled peace talks in Geneva in February, raising the possibility of two parallel peace processes.
Russia has insisted its peace negotiations will complement the UN-led talks rather than conflict with them.
When Harvard's Kennedy School studies Über and Lyft's massive failure to pass their self-regulation by ballot measure in Austin, I think they'll find one fundamental feedback loop from the data. One measurable result that is probably the biggest fear of sellers of soap everywhere. One data point that their expensive political consultants like David Plouffe must have known.
The more Über marketed, the fewer consumers liked them.
That's right–Über and Lyft outspent Austin's cobbled together grassroots opposition by 50:1. And that's just the expenditures that Über haven't lied about. And the big bad boys from Silicon Valley who brought seemingly overwhelming force to bear against a little band of scrappy irregulars ultimately lost.
Sound familiar? This is Texas, don't forget. Unless you're Über, then by all means, forget.
Travis County Commissioner Brigid Shea
And here's the other data point that I predict will become part of the story in the coming weeks. Despite their hand wringing about destroying local jobs, the long term plan of these Silicon Valley merchants of “progress” is exactly the destruction of local jobs. Not just the destruction of driver jobs in Austin, but around the world. This is not my imagination as you will see, it is the stated policy of both Über, Lyft and their investors.
Remember–this ballot proposition was their deal. They wanted direct democracy and they got it. Now they don't like the result.
The Election Results
First, let's look at the election results. The election was about Proposition 1, a ballot initiative that Über and Lyft drafted in order to avoid compliance with existing City of Austin regulations and new regulations duly enacted by the Austin City Council. As Susan Crawford once said “[On the Internet, w]e could avoid [government]. These people were irrelevant.”
Über and Lyft's calculation was that having struck out (in their minds) at City Council, they would pass their own version of the law by a direct vote of the people. Remember that–direct democracy. We'll return to that point.
That meant that a vote “For the Ordinance” was a vote for Über and Lyft, and a vote “Against the Ordinance” was a vote against Über and Lyft.
The ballot initiative idea may work some place, but it did not work in Austin as practiced by Über and Lyft. Über and Lyft lost by nearly 10% of the vote, 55.71% against Über and Lyft to 44.29% for them.
Conspicuous Consumption and Amplifying a Lost Message
But here's why Über and Lyft failed. They lost control of their message and they then spent millions promoting a message they couldn't control. This is what I bet they'll study at the Kennedy School for decades to come.
Über and Lyft's Political Action Committee (Ridesharing Works for Austin) spent approximately $10 million on the campaign which was the most expensive political campaign in the history of the City of Austin. And they did it to amplify a message a majority of Austinites did not want to hear to the point that the mismatch in the money–the amplification system–became so obvious that it overwhelmed the message.
Remember–this was their deal. Über and Lyft chose to go this route.
I think it is fair to say that the magnitude of the expenditures and the disparity of spending is roughly the psychic equivalent to Austinites–that is, to the electorate that Über and Lyft hoped to persuade with whatever they thought their message was–of driving a red Ferrari in Austin.
There are plenty of Austinites who can afford a Ferrari (or even five). Until very recently, you never saw a Ferrari on the street. Not saying there were none, you just didn't see them. Why? If you need an explanation of that, you probably would not see anything wrong on its face with outspending the local opposition 50:1 on a city level ballot initiative.
The Oppressive Campaign
The level of spending on Prop 1 will not surprise anyone who followed two other Silicon Valley vs. the people displays–the anti-eviction campaign in San Francisco opposed by pro-eviction technology companies and of course the Google Bus debacle.
Given these benchmarks, Prop 1 was entirely predictable. These people want to get their way whether it's their own creature comfort or replacing drivers with robots. Yes, I said replacing drivers with robots. We'll come to that presently.
You have to wonder if the smartest guys in the room, i.e., Über (backed by Google) and Lyft (backed by General Motors) and their high powered and expensive campaign consultants starting with David Plouffe, ever asked themselves why no corporation had ever mounted a public messaging campaign of this magnitude before? Maybe because their market research told them it wouldn't produce the desired result?
I'd go further to speculate that no corporation has ever done this before–anywhere. Except maybe the British East India Company or United Fruit.
In case you were wondering what the campaign looked like, here are a couple of screenshots from the websites of Austin's two leading newspapers, the Austin Chronicle and the Austin American Statesman. Both newspapers opposed Prop 1, i.e., were quite strongly against Über and Lyft, but both newspapers also made the mistake of allowing Google Ad Services to control the advertising inventory on their respective home pages on Election Day.
Here's the Statesman‘s Election Day homepage. Notice the interactive “Vote For Prop 1 Today” ads. Note the banner ad did not rotate.
And here's the Chronicle's Election Day homepage with the identical ads by Google:
The Chronicle's homepage had the Chronicle's endorsement on the homepage in the ad in the red box above.
Since Google served ads to both pages and at least broadly could control what ads were served where, it's logical to deduce that the Chronicle either didn't notice that it's own editorial policy was being crowded out by homepage advertising (hard to believe), neither the Chronicle nor the Statesman had control over the ads that appeared on the respective homepages (possible), or (more likely) did not want to get into a public spat with Google to try to stop Google serving those ads. Especially since Google invested $238 million into Über and are likely to (a) ignore the request and (b) say they can't control the ads.
And then there were the mailers:
Not to mention the yard signs. I have a theory of elections based on yard signs. When I start seeing things like this, I start getting the idea that there's something serious happening:
Now What?
Mayor Steve Adler was quick to offer a conciliatory hand to Über and Lyft and expressed a willingness “to go back to the table”. That's interesting, seeing as how Über and Lyft never wanted to be “at the table”–that's why they fielded their own regulations in a ballot initiative in the first place, and spent 50 times what their opponents spent on the Prop 1 campaign.
Not only did they not want to be at the table, Über and Lyft employed and still are employing brinksmanship tactics that we are used to seeing from real estate developers, other multinational corporations and strike breaking lockouts. Both companies have said they'll leave Austin on Monday, and I expect they will. (Of course, Über have been hit with a class action lawsuit in federal court in Austin asserting violations of the federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act, not to mention spamming laws. So gone but not forgotten.)
The election results are going to be passed off in the grand style of Google's relentless attack on the music business in general and artists in particular, what I call the Metallicaization of all who oppose the Borg. You know–resistance is futile. This is going to come in two flavors: political and modernity.
The political attack has already begun and is best summarized by George P. Bush (Texas Land Commissioner) in a Tweet:
Forgive me, but that is just a dumbass thing to say, mostly because it's circular. The point is that Über and Lyft wanted the people to vote, the people voted and the corporations lost. It's pretty startling to see George P. Bush calling direct democracy a win for “Big Government”. That's your basic category error.
What would be nice would be if Über and Lyft now reimbursed the taxpayers for the cost of their ballot initiative election–about $500,000 by some estimates. Roughly 5% of the total that Über and Lyft spent on the campaign. And then maybe donate $10 million to the Central Texas Food Bank since they love Austin so damn much.
The only reason that the law doesn't impose a “loser pays” rule on ballot proposition elections is that nobody planned on them being used by multinational corporations to further their own business agendas.
Speaking of, Lee Leffingwell, the former Austin Mayor and Current Lobbyist for Über and Lyft laid out the other prong of the “stupid liberals” attack: Because Über and Lyft have unilaterally decided to take the brinksmanship approach and leave Austin if Prop 1 fails which it now has, this will hurt the “thousands” of jobs that Über and Lyft create. Well…not “jobs” exactly. More like “economic opportunity”. Mr. Leffingwell said this publicly in a very carefully worded statement:
Unfortunately thousands of people who drive with ridesharing companies to earn much needed income will now have to find another way to make ends meet.
Note that words like “job” or “our employees” do not appear anywhere in this statement. That's because Über and Lyft treat drivers as independent contractors. So no mention of “jobs”.
Except by implication of course, because when a lobbyist says he won't stop “fighting,” he means he likes being employed and he won't stop taking the king's shilling for shilling. (Leffingwell got $50,000 so far according to press reports.) He goes on:
“We're disappointed in tonight's results. The benefits of ridesharing are clear: reduced drunk driving and economic opportunity. And we won't stop fighting to bring it back [and that means continued employment for me].”
Mr. Leffingwell has this one down, no doubt, because he's had it run on him so many times by Chamber of Commerce types who wanted to attract companies to Austin who were employers. The problem for Mr. Leffingwell is that Über and Lyft do backflips to keep from being employers–all these drivers are part-time independent contractors. Why? This graphic from Fortune explains what happens if Über acted like an actual employer.
However ridiculous Mr. Bush's statement is, you can count on this being the attack that Über and Lyft will run in the Texas Legislature when they try to wrest local control away from Texas cities to further Silicon Valley's driverless car agenda.
Oh wait…did I say driverless? As in without drivers?
They Robot
This is where the modernity attack comes in, but since robots don't vote (yet), it will probably come in stages. The first step will be to distract the people and the Legislature from the driverless bit. Austin is just not hip enough to grok the Valley Boys cool apps that just can't be used to figure out how to get the fingerprints that the overbearing cities want. (Disregard that biometric stuff that smartphones routinely perform like TouchID on your iPhone.)
But the next step is the real play. That step is Über and Lyft using apps to summon robots in driverless cars. You think this is robot business is a joke, right? You think I've kind of lost it, gone off the deep end? Actually not at all. It's big business.
Friday's Wall Street Journal page 1: General Motors and Lyft plan on having driverless taxis on the road pronto:
General Motors Co. and Lyft Inc. within a year will begin testing a fleet of self-driving Chevrolet Bolt electric taxis on public roads, a move central to the companies' joint efforts to challenge Silicon Valley giants in the battle to reshape the auto industry.
Über CEO Travis Kalanick lets us in on the Über strategy, as reported by the Verge back in 2014:
Über will eventually replace the people who drive its cars with cars that drive themselves, CEO Travis Kalanick said today at the Code Conference. A day after Google unveiled the prototype for its own driverless vehicle, Kalanick was visibly excited at the prospect of developing a fleet of driverless vehicles, which he said would make car ownership rare. [And which Uber would presumably buy from Google or a vendor like Ford or Volvo using Google's technology.] “The reason Über could be expensive is because you're not just paying for the car — you're paying for the other dude in the car [meaning the driver],” Kalanick said. “When there's no other dude in the car, the cost of taking an Über anywhere becomes cheaper than owning a vehicle. So the magic there is, you basically bring the cost below the cost of ownership for everybody, and then car ownership goes away.”
And according to Reuters, Google, Ford, Volvo, Über and Lyft announced last week that they have formed an alliance to lobby for federalization of driverless car regulations. The alliance hired an Obama Administration revolving door lobbyist, one David L. Strickland, to lead the federalization of their driverless car effort. (Volvo is owned by China's Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co.)
Strickland joins the coalition from the high roller Washington, DC lobby shop Venable where he's worked since 2014 after leaving the post of –where else–Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) in the Obama Administration.
So these guys ain't playin. They hire the NHTSA administrator for DC, former mayor for Austin. Mr. Leffingwell can tell us we're unhip (remember “Fire good, Napster bad“?). He can shade the definition of employer to avoid his client paying the employer's share of payroll tax, unemployment insurance and workers compensation. George P. Bush can tell us it's all a liberal conspiracy and that an act of direct democracy is a triumph of big government. You know–“ignorance is strength”, etc.
But one thing they cannot tell us is what good employers Über and Lyft are. Or should I say “providers of economic opportunity” for “people who drive with ridesharing companies”.
Because whatever the Austin City Council is doing, it is not forming an alliance with Ford and Volvo and GM to replace “people who drive with ridesharing companies” with robots owned by ridesharing companies.
Brace yourself. The second act is a bitch.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Two Russian men captured by Ukrainian forces fighting pro-Russian rebels have told a newspaper they were in Ukraine on a mission for the Russian military, contradicting Moscow's official line.
A man, according to Ukraine's state security service (SBU) one of two Russian servicemen recently detained by Ukrainian forces, lies on a bed at a hospital in Kiev, Ukraine, May 19, 2015. REUTERS/Gleb Garanich
Speaking from a hospital bed in Kiev, one of the men, Alexander Alexandrov, became tearful when his interviewer told him his relatives had told Russian state media that he had quit the Russian military before heading to Ukraine.
“Why are they turning their backs on me?” he was quoted as saying by the Russian weekly Novaya Gazeta. “There was an order. I gave my oath to the motherland ... There was an order and, as a military man, I carried it out.”
Ukraine's military said the two men had been wounded in a firefight in eastern Ukraine, and were being treated for their injuries. Authorities in Kiev have said they will be charged with “terrorist acts”.
In a video posted online by the Ukrainian Interior Ministry this week, Alexandrov said he had been on a spying mission in Ukraine as part of a 14-member special forces group from the Russian town of Togliatti.
Although Ukraine, NATO and Western leaders all say they have evidence that Russia is providing soldiers, training and weaponry to the pro-Russian rebels who have seized part of eastern Ukraine, Russia strenuously denies the charge.
But by insisting that any Russian fighters in the area are merely volunteers, Moscow finds itself unable to follow its own code of honour by standing up for servicemen who are captured.
Most Russians support the Kremlin's policy in Ukraine, but the fate of the two men has stirred debate about whether Russia is upholding its duty to protect those who serve it.
“This is awful. You cannot treat your own citizens this way,” Ella Polyakova, from a Russian campaign group, the Soldiers' Mothers' Committee, told Reuters.
“It would be completely shameless to just abandon them, say they are ‘volunteers' and let them take full responsibility,” said Polyakova, also a member of a presidential advisory body on human rights.
Russia's Defence Ministry has said Alexandrov and Yerofeyev served in the military in the past, but were no longer serving when they were captured.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov has denied that there are any serving Russian soldiers in eastern Ukraine. He was quoted by the state-run RIA news agency as saying Moscow would take the necessary steps to free Alexandrov and Yerofeyev.
A Republican congressional candidate in North Carolina suggested that he'd be open to going to war with Mexico over problems with immigration and drug cartels.
The candidate, Mark Walker (pictured), the Republican nominee in the race to succeed Rep. Howard Coble (R-NC) in North Carolina's 6th Congressional District, made the comments on June 26.
“I will tell you if you have foreigners who are sneaking in with drug cartels to me that is a national threat,” Mark Walker said during a speech to Tea Partiers in Rockingham County. The footage was reported by Rawstory.com via a post at the Daily Kos. “And if we got to go laser or blitz somebody with a couple of fighter jets for a little while to make our point, I don't have a problem with that either. So yeah, whatever we need to do.”
A moderator for the event then asked Walker if he would have “any qualms about starting up a little war with Mexico.”
“We did it before,” Walker said. “If we need to do it again, I don't have a qualm about it.”
During the same event Walker said he was open impeaching President Barack Obama if given the chance.
“Yes I would,” Walker said, in response to a question about whether he would support impeaching the President.
Watch Walker's “laser and blitz” statement below:
(H/t: Rawstory)
(Photo credit: Youtube)
MILKWEED SAFETY
MILKWEED SAFETY is a topic of concern for everyone and it is important to know the dangers inherent in any activity so they can be avoided completely. We have distributed tens of millions of milkweed seeds and over one hundred thousand milkweed plants during our twelve plus years of supplying North America with this resource to help preserve and strengthen the Annual Monarch Migration. To date (Feb 2014) we have not had one incident reported from any child, teen or adult or any pet or kept animal ingesting milkweed. Please read the entire safety section and please share the knowledge.
The three rules for all milkweed: 1. DO NOT EAT 2.DO NOT GET SAP ON SKIN OR IN EYES. 3. EDUCATE AND PROTECT OTHERS FROM #1 & #2.
Milkweed was named after the milky sap which contains latex, its scientific name Asclepias is the name of the greek god of healing due to Milkweed's many medicinal uses. There are over 160 different types of Milkweed a few are toxic MOST ARE NOT. Milkweed is a know purgative (makes you vomit) even upon consumption of a tiny amount and the taste is horrible. This horrible taste is the major defense of the Monarch against predators, the plants also contain varied amounts of a cardenolides which can cause harm if ingested in large amounts. Studies show to be harmed by eating toxic milkweed you must consume many leaves. The only research we could find was provided by farmers that mistakenly fed it to their livestock... up to .1% - 2% of their bodyweight of whorled milkweed ( A TOXIC variety) was necessary to cause harm. Their paper states that animals would avoid this weed and this type is the most dangerous. "Whorled Milkweed" is not one we would ever promote or distribute. As stated previously NOT ALL MILKWEED IS THE SAME. Some is very toxic and some can be dangerous under certain extreme circumstances. The facts of this paper state that while typically avoided, silage ( Cut plants fed to livestock ) pose a threat as the animals have no choice but to eat what is provided if no other suitable grazing is available. We AGREE if you starve your animals and force them to eat food laced with milkweed especially known toxic varieties there will be problems as a result of your actions.
Our farm is covered by milkweed and we have fed, goats, chickens, dogs, deer, turkeys, rabbits and all sorts of critters that graze in open pens or open bottom cages. We plant grass and all sorts of ground cover for them to eat. In every case where a cage has been left over an area too long every blade of grass and all weeds except milkweed have been completely eaten. Milkweed even non toxic varieties and new seedlings are untouched by all our animals.
Milkweed is sold in Africa as a Natural medicine to promote the cleansing of ones stomach by removal of harmful contents. Milkweed is also used as a food if boiled several times with changed water much like acorns that have a bad taste. There are many valid reasons to grow milkweed especially if you care about the Monarch and Queen butterflies.
One story found on Wikipedia with some evidence is that the Dupont company upon creating a life preserver filling wanted a monopoly. The natural floss from milkweed being used as supplied to the War effort of WWI by thousands of patriotic Americans many of whom were given milkweed seeds to plant by Gov officials for this purpose was a source of competition. A campaign to "educate" local Government officials about the dangers of milkweed was funded and did alter the distribution of seeds and their classification.
The real danger of Milkweed is that by cutting a growing plant the white "milk" sap of the plant contains components that can irritate the skin and eyes. This is a real concern if you plan to cut milkweed. Hands must be washed with soap and never allowed to wipe the face or eyes. Milkweed sap is much like the juices of a hot pepper that overtime create a slow burning sensation. Gently washing hands without soap may not remove all residue and if any residue enters the eye it will take a minimum of 30 minutes to repeatedly flush the eye with clean water before relief is long term. Having cut milkweed literally thousands of times it is with this knowledge in mind that we practice safe handling when we're feeding cut milkweed to hundreds of caterpillars. If you ever get milkweed sap in your eyes by accident you must wash your hands with soap and water and then wipe your face with a clean damp washcloth several times then begin to wash out your affected eye with clean water. Keep washing and cleaning all areas that may have sap on them. It will take many washes to get rid of all the latex and components on the sap. It is much like a hot pepper in that you will feel the heat for up to an hour and it is only by another rinse that you will feel relief. Do not use any drops or medications just clean water and continue to rinse every time you feel the returning heat. It will take as long as an hour depending on how much got into your eye. Stay calm and continue the washing until the sensation has completely stopped and you will be fine.
Plants are all around us and there are numerous ones that should be feared by parents of young children and pets. Azalea, Lantana, Oleander, Rhodendrion, Sago Palm, Caladium or elephant ear is highly toxic and all are dangerous to found all over they pose an actual threat. These plants are responsible for hundreds of vet and emergency room visits every year.
Another plant that was reported to poison and kill children is the pointsettia but this has been proven to me a myth started in 1919 and recently proven that its only threat is the same latex as found in the Milkweed and similar reported skin / eye irritations and vomiting if parts of the plant are ingested. The American Journal of Emergency Medicine conducted a study of 22,793 cases where ingestion of pointsettia by children showed no fatalities or usual need for medical treatment. I hear about the dangers of killer pointsettias every winter as they are sold by the millions. 22,793 cases of kids eating this pointsettias we found in Google in 30 seconds and after searching the internet for an hour and calling local hospitals we can find no incidence or study of any cases of kids eating milkweed. Is this another myth? The only information about milkweed studies we could find were on its use as a great healing food (www.livestrong.com) and a possible cure for skin cancer (www.dailymail.co.uk).
We get questions about Milkweed safety weekly and there seems to be more internet "reports" lately designed to warn and scare people from planting milkweed. We agree that everyone should know the dangers inherent in any activity so they can be avoided completely but we are not supportive of fear based warnings without the full explanation of why and how a material or activity was deemed dangerous. The education of our children is more than the elimination of anything that could cause harm, it is the explanation of the natural world, the beauty and dangers inherent in it. We hope to provide the education that Monarchs are part of a Natural world and circle of life in which dangers exist and it is our shared responsibility to prepare, protect, and promote the knowledge of their needs and our place in their world.
At least two men have been killed and 18 other people wounded, including two 15-year-old boys, in shootings in Chicago Friday night into Saturday morning.
In the Austin neighborhood about 7:13 p.m. Friday, a 32-year-old man was shot and pronounced dead on the scene in a possible drive-by shooting in the 5200 block of West Quincy Street, said Chicago Police Department News Affairs Officer Veejay Zala. A man whose age was not yet available was shot in the right arm, but refused medical treatment and refused to cooperate with police.
Later, a 30-year-old woman who had been shot multiple times in the same attack showed up at Loretto Hospital, less than a mile away, but was transferred to John H. Stroger, Jr. Hospital of Cook County, Zala said. A fourth person, a 41-year-old man, walked into West Suburban Medical Center with a gunshot wound to his hand but gave police a bogus address before they figured out he had also been shot on Quincy.
The Cook County medical examiner's office identified the man as Damion Bryant, 32, of the same block where the shooting occurred. He died at the scene and was pronounced there at 10:13 p.m.
A large crowd gathered near the crime scene at Quincy and Laramie Avenue, and several people who appeared to be family members of the man killed stood together, visibly upset.
Neighbors and family members told WGN-TV on Saturday that Bryant had several children and owned several convenience stores on the West Side.
The shooting scene was near a parking lot for the Friendship Baptist Church, at Laramie and Jackson Boulevard, and many cars were in the parking lot about 9 p.m. for a function at the church. The church's website indicated it was an event marking the 117th anniversary of the church's founding, one of several events scheduled for this weekend.
In the night's other homicide, a ma n was killed and his mother wounded about 1:15 a.m. Saturday in the 6200 block of South Rockwell Street in the Chicago Lawn neighborhood. A 50-year-old woman was shot in the chest and is in serious condition. The man, 27, died at the scene. The Cook County medical examiner's office identified the man as Addarius Thompson; he was pronounced dead at 1:46 a.m.
Police believe the shooter is a 47-year-old man who had an argument with the two people before coming back with a gun and shooting them.
In other shootings:
• A 38-year-old man walked into Norwegian American Hospital after someone shot him in the Humboldt Park neighborhood about 4:30 a.m. Saturday. He had a wound to his leg. Someone opened fire from a passing light-colored four-door car. The shooting happened in the 3300 block of West Le Moyne Street, police said.
• Someone shot a 22-year-old man in the 9800 block of South Hoxie Avenue in the Jeffery Manor neighborhood about 3:55 a.m. Saturday. He was driven to Advocate Trinity Hospital by a relative but had sustained multiple gunshot wounds to his body and will be transferred to Advocate Christ Medical Center in southwest suburban Oak Lawn.
• Two men were shot about the same time within a couple blocks of each other in the Humboldt Park neighborhood but the attacks are apparently unrelated, according to police. A 31-year-old man was shot about 11:45 p.m. Friday near Division and Rockwell streets and taken from there to Stroger hospital with wounds to his upper right thigh.
A couple minutes later Friday, a 38-year-old man was shot in the front yard of a home near Rockwell and Evergreen streets a couple blocks north. He walked into Saints Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center with gunshot wounds to each leg.
• Someone shot two men in the 100 block of West 104th Place in the Fernwood neighborhood about 10:40 p.m. They were both taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center - a 21-year-old with an arm wound and a 26-year-old with a back wound. Police said the two "heard shots and felt pain" while standing on a sidewalk.
• About 9:55 p.m., three people were shot near the intersection of Austin and Fullerton avenues in the Belmont Central neighborhood. A 15-year-old boy was shot in the arm and taken to Lurie Children's Hospital, police said. A 54-year-old man was grazed in the head and a 24-year-old man was shot in the back. They were both taken to Loyola University Medical Center.
• About 7:35 p.m., a 15-year-old boy was shot in the left ankle in the 7000 block of South Damen Avenue in the West Englewood neighborhood, said News Affairs Officer Stacey Cooper. The boy was in good condition at Holy Cross Hospital. The boy was walking in the area when someone came out of an alley, went up to the boy and started shooting, Cooper said.
• In the Lawndale neighborhood, a 22-year-old man was shot multiple times about 7 p.m. in the 900 block of South Springfield Avenue and was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in critical condition, said Zala. No information about the circumstances of the shooting was immediately available.
• A little before 7 p.m., two men were shot in the Brighton Park neighborhood, in 2800 blocks of West Pershing Road in what may have been a drive-by shooting, Zala said. A 28-year-old man and a 23-year-old man were both shot multiple times and taken to Mount Sinai Hospital for treatment, Zala said.
At the scene of the shooting, police were examining a green Hyundai SUV and behind it, a GMC AstroVan which appeared to have come to a stop in front of a small, red brick church, Iglesia Cristiana Emanuel, at the corner of Pershing and Francisco Avenue.
There were four evidence markers on the ground next to the SUV and shattered glass on the pavement nearby.
Neighbors said they heard what they thought were fireworks getting lit off, realizing later that they had heard five gunshots, not fireworks. Residents were gathered on nearby porches, looking at the scene, while a small group of people stood nearby.
• Earlier, a 23-year-old man was shot about 6 p.m. in the West Pullman neighborhood. The man was shot in the foot and showed up at Advocate Trinity Hospital, where he was in good condition, Zala said. Two people were in custody. Police said he had been shot in the 11500 block of South Prairie Avenue.
pnickeas@tribune.com | Twitter: @PeterNickeas
jjperez@tribune.com | Twitter: @PerezJr
lford@tribune.com | Twitter: @ltaford
The leading Russian electronic wallet platform, Yandex.Money is interested in facilitating cryptocurrency transactions, given that they are not officially banned, says the platform's CEO Maria Gracheva.
According to Ms Gracheva, cryptocurrency emission is not what the company is keen on, planning to focus instead on acting as a mediator between the cryptocurrency users.
Speaking to the reporters at the Finnopolis FinTech Forum held in Kazan, Ms Gracheva speculated that if the Central Bank of Russia allows the use of cryptocurrency, then most of its holders would be glad to spend it. Which is why, Yandex.Money wants to be ready to facilitate such transactions, given they are not ruled illegal.
Earlier this week, a number of announcements came from Russian financial authorities. The head of Russia's largest bank, Sberbank, German Gref admitted possessing bitcoins and the Governor of the Central Bank Elvira Nabiullina stated that the CB was not ruling out cryptotechnologies, planning to research them and look for a way to prevent the use of cryptocurrencies in dubious operations.
Still, some representatives of the Russian financial establishment express strong views against cryptotechnologies and bitcoin blockchain. Deputy Minister of Finance Alexey Moiseev called Bitcoin "a dangerous toy", while the Financial Ombudsman Pavel Medvedev said the emission of any currency except for the ruble was illegal and should be considered a crime.
The whole discussion started as the CEO of Qiwi electronic wallet system announced the company's intention to introduce blockchain-based equivalent of the bitcoin electronic currency named ‘bitruble' in Russia.
Maria Rudina
Newshour debate on Times Now participated in by Jasleen.
after
Times Now journalist accosting Sarvjeet in an extremely unprofessional mannerthe eyewitness had surfaced and it was clear that the case isn't as simple as they had portrayed the night before.
Guest post by J Storrs Hall
This is a reply and extension to Pat Frank's “Earth Abides” post (sorry, couldn't resist) which appeared here recently. The post features an intriguing interpretation of the temperature record to deduce climate sensitivity to CO2. I thought I would try to recreate it and see where it took me. First I got the HadSST records from http://www.cru.uea.ac.uk/cru/data/temperature/.
I generally prefer to use sea-surface temperatures when looking at global trends for several reasons:
they have a lower variance, indicating a better stability to short-term perturbations
the surface water temperature is measured directly, eliminating some of the definitional issues of surface air temperature
SST's are free of siting issues, UHI, land use, and other local human climate effects
The seas are 70% of Earth's surface and its major heat reservoir. Temperatures can go up and down on land like a wagging tail, but the oceans are the dog.
So let's take the SST record and fit a sinusoid to it. However, a linear fit to the secular rise simply can't be right. It would retrodict an ice age right at the peak of the Roman Empire. Since things in nature are much more often cyclical, I tried fitting another sinusoid to the secular rise, using all the HadSST data back to 1850:
Here we have the data as dots, decadal smoothing in blue, and the fitted sum of cosines in red. (Decadal smoothing means that I convolved the data with a Gaussian with a 5-year standard deviation.) The red curve is simply the sum of two cosines, one of period 62.7 years, the other 259.9. Just how good a match is it for the data? Ignoring intra-decadal variability (weather, not climate!), let's plot the decadally-smoothed residual:
Something very unusual happened around 1950 — that's nearly an 8-sigma excursion. And I haven't the slightest clue what it was. (There was a major mode shift in the PDO about that time; it was also the era of atmospheric nuclear weapon testing … and there was probably a drop in the number of pirates.) If you look at the actual data you'll see that 1945 marks the only really drastic discontinuity in the entire record — so I feel reasonably comfortable saying that something unusual happened then. Given that the fit was so good outside the “1950 notch”, I did the fit treating the notch as an outlier (yellow line) for an even better fit (especially to recent temperatures). (That means, of course, that the model isn't just the fit but the fit with an exception for the notch.) The red lines are one standard deviation, the magenta two. But outside of the notch, this model — a tiny one, 6 parameters — fits the decadal average SST to within 0.05 degrees for 160 years.
Here are the variances, again with the notch taken out (We take the notch out because it makes all the series correlated, so the variances wouldn't sum. Since we explicitly say the model can't explain the notch, we'll concentrate on where it does match the data.):
Raw SST data 0.0687 Model fit curves 0.0534 Residual to fit 0.0153 Data – smoothed (decadal variability) 0.0145 Smoothed – fit (model error) 0.000513
In other words, decadal variability (weather!) accounts for 21% of the variance of the raw temperature series, the model accounts for 78%, leaving about 1% unaccounted for. (There's still a tiny amount of correlation.)
But this kind of messes up the notion that there was a V-shaped piecewise linear structure to the residual across the twentieth century: the data much more clearly show a straight line with a dip than falling and rising linear trends. Yet Frank's graph looked a lot more like the trends — what happened?
The key to the puzzle is that his data were (or included?) land temperatures, the CRUtemp data. Let's plot that too, also as a residual to our fit curve:
Lo and behold, there really is a linear rise above the sinusoid in the land data — which isn't there in the SST data. In other words, the divergence since 1950 is more a land-water difference than a CO2-no CO2 one. Sorry to rain on the parade, but I can't really buy the climate sensitivity deduction. As mentioned, there are several possible explanations for the difference. We can add another one, even assuming the land temperature measurements are perfectly accurate: cloud feedbacks may operate differently over land and ocean.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
When Pocket Monsters was created by Japanese game designer Satoshi Tajiri in 1996 it was nothing more than a way for the designer to relive his childhood pastime of insect collecting and share it with the residents of his homeland. For all the options available in the original games it was still quite a linear adventure, and a simplistic one at that. Neophyte game developer Game Freak (directed by Tajiri) set out to produce the original two installments Red and Green, which became such a hit that Blue was also released. Never before had Game Freak produced a game so intricate and detailed, and mistakes were made to say the least. Programming oversights, data omissions, and lack of a proper error handling system eventually led to trainers getting lost in places that looked like this:
Where we're going we don't need eyes to see.
Due to a lack of attention to finite details in their programming work, which is forgivable considering the sheer magnitude of their creation and this undertaking being the developers' first time taking on such a venture, both the Japanese and North American releases of the original Pokémon games were riddled with glitches ranging from mildly amusing to downright terrifying. Here are seven demons Game Freak unintentionally brought into the world with their magnum opus.
MissingNo (literally "Missing Number", #000 in the Pokedex) needs no introduction. MissingNo is the gold standard in Pokémon glitches and is quite possibly one of the most well known and celebrated glitches in the history of video games entirely; MissingNo's legendary visage is on par with that of the Minus World from Super Mario Bros. Glitches in future generation Pokémon games are called "MissingNo" even though they're completely different entities; it's a glitch that became the name for every other Pokémon glitch because that's what happens when you're #1.
MissingNo's familiar "L" shaped appearance, non-threatening battle cry, memorable moveset, and item duplication properties are quite vanilla today, but how would you have like to have been the first person to stumble across this beast? Can you imagine minding your own business when suddenly a random encounter begins, the screen freezes black for just a few seconds, and then…
"Oh god oh god." – You
Your butthole would have tensed up at this sight, and don't you deny that.
Any self-respecting Pokemaniac in the 1990′s knew the entire Pokedex (and the PokeRap) like the back of their hand. You knew #'s 1 through 151 better than your own family, so what in God's name is this abortion?! It has a terrifyingly alarming name ("MISSING" appears in it), its graphic looks like the bowels of technological hell, and while it cries and fights like a regular Pokémon you have never seen anything like this before in your life. Confronted with the unknown you then do what any starry-eyed trainer would do in this situation: you catch the damn thing.
Sometime later you decide to show your friend your awesome trophy of a glitch and accidentally skip to the Pokémon League's computer and bring up your Hall of Fame. The music crashes and turns to a single sound channel while the screams of tortured souls come through as pure static in another. Your screen flashes with the garbled mess of a computer virus and attached is a note from MissingNo reading "thank you for liberating me from my prison, this is only my first step to world domination."
"PS: Check your 6th item." "PS: Check your 6th item."
Do you have an inexplicable fear of the unknown? Do you worry one day you'll open the door to your house and on the other side instead of seeing your living room it'll be some unknown place in space and time full of hungry dinosaurs, aliens, and clones of Michael Jackson? Are you afraid of being in an elevator because you don't know what will be on the other side of those cold steel doors when they open? Holy crap, you are going to love this next glitch!
"Dokokashira" is Japanese for "where is it", meaning "where is the door". This isn't "where" as in "it's right around the corner", it's "where" as in "where does the other side of that door lead to?" Yes, that's right, this whole glitch revolves around the phenomena of walking into what you think is the Pokémon Center and ending up in the middle of the burned out Cinnabar Island laboratory (with or without a sore B-hole). The "Dokokashira Door" glitch is the roofie of the Pokémon world.
This has "good idea" written ALL OVER IT.
Rockstar Games finally gave PlayStation 4 and Xbox One owners the news they've been hoping for with a Grand Theft Auto V release date announcement for November, as The Inquisitr reported. PC gamers were not as lucky as that version of GTA V will not see the light of day until January 2015. Rockstar explained the reason behind the delay in a post on the game's website Saturday.
“We're glad to see so many of you are excited about the upcoming release of the new versions of GTAV and we look forward to sharing more details with you soon,” Rockstar wrote in the comments section to the release date announcement post. “We are also incredibly excited to be bringing GTAV to the PC, but the game requires a little more development time in order to ensure that it is as amazing and polished as possible. Please do stay tuned as we reveal new features and information about all the new versions in the weeks ahead.”
The new features described so far for the PS4, Xbox One and PC include new weapons, vehicles and activities, plus more wildlife and denser traffic. Meanwhile, GTA Online has been expanded to 30 players, and there are also the graphical upgrades that include not only an increased resolution, but enhanced damage and weather effects as well.
The PC version of GTA V will also have a feature that will not be present in any of the console versions. The 2014 E3 announcement by Rockstar Games included mention of a “video editor designed for advanced movie-making.”
This additional feature would help explain some of the delay of GTA V for the PC, but not all. Rockstar has never released a PC version of one of their titles. Sometimes the delay following the console version has been weeks as in the case of Max Payne 3 or months such as with Grand Theft Auto IV.
This has been the pattern for the developer regardless of the game. Sometimes the console version never even gets a PC port. That's exactly what happened with Red Dead Redemption.
Juggling multiple releases of a game is always a chore for a developer. It is part of the reason why Destiny got a release on PlayStation and Xbox consoles, but not the PC. Activision is still playing coy with the release of that as well.
Reaction among the GTA community is mixed, however. In the GTA V Reddit alone, there are posts full of outrage.
“Well done Rockstar. The whole PC Community hates you. We are the ones who still play San Andreas and we are the ones who are responsible for your success. Console gamers may buy more games at the moment, but in 1-2 years nearly no console gamer will play GTA V anymore. It will be the PC community that will keep your game alive.” “We seriously don't care about any problems or polish you have to do to, because we know that there are lies. Lies over lies.” The PC version won't be delayed” was a lie and you keep lying!” “Just because your game is good you can't do whatever you want. You have enough money to have the PC version ready at Novermber [sic] 18!”
And there are other posts that are a little more accepting of the delay situation.
“Basically all PC players are getting all pissed off how it's delayed until January. I'm fine with the delay. I'd rather have a game that works with minimal bugs than a game that is broken. There has to be a reason as to why it's delayed. Maybe it's not up to par with their standards. We don't want another GTA 4.”
What do you think of the PC delay for GTA V? Let us know in the comments below.
[Images via Rockstar Games]
All images courtesy of Bethesda
There are some light Prey story spoilers ahead, albeit nothing after the mid-game point. If you've played through Crew Quarters, you'll be fine.
After a 48-hour mega-playthrough using only human abilities (and subsequent less-constrained playthroughs), I think it's safe to say that Prey is one of my favorite games of the year, and in 2017, that is saying something. I've gone into detail about how me , and that's exceedingly rare in big-budget video games. After a 48-hour mega-playthrough using only human abilities (and subsequent less-constrained playthroughs), I think it's safe to say thatis one of my favorite games of the year, and in 2017, that is saying something. I've gone into detail about how I've felt weirdly catered to in the game —being an immersive sim in space, with plenty of queer women characters, and a delicious, anti-corporate dystopian overall storyline—it feels like a game for, and that's exceedingly rare in big-budget video games.
It's inclusion of queer women characters isn't without complication: the 100% awesome about in a game. It's inclusion of queer women characters isn't without complication: the tragic lesbians trope rears its head in the game, for sure—although that, in itself is complicated by a revenge subplot that let me take the only vengeance I think I've ever really feltabout in a game.
I'm certainly not the only person enamored with Arkane's latest creation, nor am I the only one impressed by its approach to storytelling—a more nuanced, subtle take on characters that feel like real people, rather than their more theatrical counterparts in say, the BioShock and Dishonored titles.
And while Morgan is essentially a silent protagonist, her (I played as a lady Morgan, but you could easily play as a dude as well) choices—whether to help survivors, assist whistleblowing efforts, or cast the fate of uncertain would-be escapees—matter very much to the fabric of the story. There are no dialogue wheels, but your actions speak volumes.
I spoke with Arkane's Lead Designer Ricardo Bare about writing and designing Prey in this fashion, taking a slightly more subtle approach to character-building and story. I also asked about those lebians, tragic (and/or vengeful) as they may be.
Waypoint: How did you decide on making the many branching quests/story content based on gameplay choices alone (i.e. no dialogue options for Morgan themself)?
Ricardo Bare: This is largely a consequence of wanting to avoid stopping the action by going into special modes, or cinematic sequences. We didn't want to have a conversation system with player inputs for this game. We wanted everything, as much as possible, to take place via in-world player verbs.
Generally, could you speak about writing the characters and making them feel "real" even in their extreme situations? Many other immersive sims tend to have larger-than-life caricatures (Like Sander Cohen and Andrew Ryan from BioShock, the Stranger from Dishonored, etc.), but in Prey, there's a very different, more subdued tone.
I'm very happy to see that people are having fun discovering all the little backstories of the crew. I think our goal was just to try and make the place feel as human as possible by including a bunch of interesting details about people's personal lives. I think when someone is larger than life maniacal or a mouthpiece for some kind of ideology it's hard to relate even though it can be incredibly entertaining (Granny Rags is an example).
Whereas, if you learn the head of a particular research project was a D&D nerd, or one of the neuromods salesmen is a sad, washed up ex-professional athlete, then you might feel a connection because you know someone like that. A lot of the humor some of the engineers use is a distant echo of the way I remember my dad and his workmates talking (he was a crew chief and jet mechanic in the Air Force). The fact that they're gone now is more tragic because of those humanizing elements.
It's not a better approach, necessarily, it's just a different way to engage the player.
I personally really love the inclusion of queer women in the game, and how much it seems to be a non-issue in their lives. I think Morgan is one of the only queer woman protagonists in any AAA game (possibly the very first woman of color), and that a really sweet romance (between Abby and Danielle) is a part of the main quest really struck me.
What was the thought process behind writing these characters, and the specific approach? Do you have LGBT team members who helped steer those decisions?
I suppose the best way to put it would be that we try to include things that we find interesting, no matter what. Personally, it's interesting for me to learn about characters and people that aren't like me and to represent them in games as best as we can. At the same time, we value diversity. I think it's healthy and stories are better off for it, so it's a filter we apply as we work. An 'international space station' with only white dudes would have been boring and dumb.
For the Abby and Danielle storyline, I believe our lead level designer, Rich Wilson took some inspiration from Gone Home when he initially conceived of the idea. The gameplay conceit was to spoof a voice lock, but in order to do so you needed samples of the user's voice. So, in collecting Danielle's audio logs to synthesize her voice, you'd invariably learn about her and her relationship to Abby (and others).
On that note, what is your response to the idea that the characters play into the stereotype of "tragic lesbians" in fiction?
I think my response would be that it's a fair point to make, broadly speaking; it no doubt sucks to look around various storytelling media and find a dearth of 'happy endings' for LGBT relationships.
So, in Prey here is yet another queer couple with a doomed relationship. But, going a little deeper, I think the critique is not particularly incisive in this context. Danielle and Abigail's deaths have nothing to do with their queerness, nor is there some encoded message to be had in it that is specifically hostile to LGBT-ness. It's just that 99% of the people aboard Talos are dead and some of those people happened to be gay. That's my take on it.
One of the things I love about writing, and afterwards interacting with people's critiques and reactions, is the opportunity to learn. This is a topic I think about a lot, but like everyone else, my perspective is limited and I have some blind spots. In the circle of 'things I could possibly know about' there's the subset of 'things I should know about' and then there's the even smaller circle of, 'things I actually do know about.' Anyway, your question has led to some interesting reading, so thanks for making those circles slightly more congruent.
August 27, 2014
This is one part of an ongoing style guide for modern front-end JavaScript development. Stay tuned for more: @mattdesl.
Functional programming may be a nebulous concept to some front-end developers, but even learning the basics can greatly improve the readability and flexibility of your code. Here we'll take a brief look at filter , map , etc and how they can lead to cleaner and more “functional” code.
Briefly explained:
filter creates a new array with only the elements that pass the test of our given function
creates a new array with only the elements that pass the test of our given function map creates a new array where the elements are the result of calling our given function
Full details in the docs. You should also get comfortable with reduce , reduceRight , some and every .
For example, let's say we have a list of person objects and we are trying to filter them by age:
var persons = [ { name: "Will", age: 15 }, { name: "John", age: 49 }, { name: "Samantha", age: 24 }, { name: "Ruth", age: 50 } ]
The typical “imperative” approach might look like this:
function getAdultNames(persons) { var adults = [] for (var i=0; i<persons.length; i++) { var p = persons[i] if (p.age > 25) adults.push(p.name) } return adults } var names = getAdultNames(persons)
Instead, we could rewrite it with Array filter and map . For most of these native Array methods, the function we give will be called with the parameters value (the element being operated on), index (its index in the array), array (the array being traversed). In our case we only need the first parameter.
var names = persons.filter(function(p) { return p.age > 25 }).map(function(p) { return p.name })
It leads to clear and concise code with less room for typos (like forgetting to write .length in the for declaration).
But, the real benefit becomes evident as the program begins to grow in complexity. Now let's say we need another function to filter only teens. We could write a getTeenNames function with its own loop (code duplication), or maybe we would add the new logic in the same loop (no separation of concerns), or some other ugly thing. Or, with the functional approach, we could write it like so:
function getNames(persons, threshold) { return persons.filter(threshold).map(function(p) { return p.name }) } function adult(p) { return p.age > 25 } function teen(p) { return p.age >= 13 && p.age <= 19 } var adults = getNames(persons, adult) var teens = getNames(persons, teen)
When you start creating larger applications built of many pieces, this sort of functional design goes a long way. For example, here is a concise module that uses some() to determine whether an array of pixels (i.e. an image) is grayscale.
var rgb2hsv = require('color-convert').rgb2hsv function hasSaturation(hsv) { return hsv[1] > 0 } //expects rgb array: [ [255, 0, 255], [128, 18, 18], .. ] module.exports = function(colors) { return !colors.map(rgb2hsv).some(hasSaturation) }
Then, assuming we have a list of images like this:
//our list of "images" var imgA = [ [255,0,255], [155,100,0] ] var imgB = [ [128,128,128], [100,100,100] ] var images = [imgA, imgB]
We can filter them like so:
var isGrayscale = require('is-grayscale') //filter to a list of grayscale images var grays = images.filter(isGrayscale)
Generally speaking, when you find yourself writing a for loop, you should consider whether one of the native methods would be better suited. This pattern will become more prevalent when ES6 brings arrow functions, array comprehension, and a few other goodies. For example, in ES6 you could write the following to get the names of the 3 oldest teens, sorted by oldest to youngest:
var oldest = persons.slice() .sort((a, b) => b.age - a.age) .filter(teen) .slice(0, 3) .map(p => p.name)
the first slice() is so we don't destructively sort persons
Example ES6 Fiddle
A note on performance and memory: it is almost always negligible unless you are operating on many hundreds of thousands of entries per frame (which may be the case with our above grayscale check). As always, benchmark first to avoid prematurely optimizing.
99 Kudos
McLaren and Ferrari are not behind attempts to save the Marussia F1 Team, as news surfaced today that the squad, which had been placed into administration, intends to be in Melbourne for the start of the 2015 season.
Geoff Rowley, joint administrator, and partner at FRP Advisory, said in a press release issued this morning, that “it is envisaged that, prior to the commencement of the first race of the 2015 season, investment into the business will be made upon the Company exiting from administration via a Company Voluntary Arrangement (“CVA”), which is planned for 19 February 2015. A CVA is a restructuring process agreed with the Company's creditors which allows for a turnaround of the business and the creation of a longer term viable solution for the team.
“Given the confidential nature of the negotiations underway we are unable to provide further details.
“The joint administrators would like on behalf of Marussia F1 Team to thank all involved with the team for their support during this process.”
Talk is that members of the team have already been called in to the factory to begin work on the 2015 project, but naturally questions have immediately surfaced as to who is behind the efforts to keep Marussia, or if we are to be precise as to the name assigned to its official F1 entry, “Manor,” afloat.
The immediate reaction from some quarters was that McLaren, a partner of the Marussia F1 team dating back to its days as Virgin, was behind the move. The chips all stacked up, so the thought process went. Honda could use Marussia / Manor as an additional development resource for its new engine and the team has two highly regarded youngsters in Kevin Magnussen and Stoffel Vandoorne waiting in the wings who would be more than capable of competing at the highest level.
Quite before one started to even consider chassis / engine compatibility, however, came word from McLaren itself. When asked about the suggestions by this blog, a McLaren spokesman replied, “This rumour is totally without foundation.”
And we shouldn't be surprised.
Just two months ago, at the unveiling of McLaren's 2015 driver line-up, the subject of a McLaren B Team as a home for young drivers and a developmental platform for Honda was a topic I broached with Ron Dennis.
“Dealing with a B Team… if under the existing agreements with FOM we are obliged to run a third car we will almost definitely run it ourselves, no question. If anything, it would make the challenge even bigger. Certainly, the concept of more than one car, ie, choosing to run 2 cars, I absolutely believe that the fastest way to eliminate back of the grid teams is to run three cars. You can't possibly have three McLarens, three Ferraris and three Red Bulls, maybe three Mercedes, the contract by the way being between Ferrari, McLaren and Red Bull… we have obligations. Queuing nine cars up and then the next car being whatever it was, clearly doesn't allow that team to say I'm in Formula 1 if its not fighting on a level playing field.
“If you run three cars you would absolutely try to optimise the experience. The third car would have a lot more function to it than just fulfilling the contract. You've then got to try and use it as a development tool et cetera, et cetera, so you'd only get stronger from the process in all areas expect one which is that it would cost us money, no question. So as it's going to cost us money, that's a high incentive to avoid that cost by trying to help those small teams to survive.
“If a third car is 50% wrong then two cars would be 100% wrong. You do not want to run a B Team. It is not what Formula 1 is about and it's certainly not what we are about.”
So that's categorical. The salvation of Manor is not in McLaren's interests and never has been.
Attention thus switches to Ferrari. Manor / Marussia had been a favoured squad for the team to place their youth, with Jules Bianchi taking Marussia to the ninth place in Monaco which secured the outfit's ninth position in the 2014 Constructors' championship. Bianchi's positioning at the team also led to the Ferrari engine deal which began in 2014. With a large sum of money believed to be outstanding for that supply, rumours thus circulated that it was Ferrari itself which was behind the push to save the team, again to set it up as a junior “B” team, a la Scuderia Toro Rosso to Red Bull Racing.
Again, the link makes sense. The engine partnership already exists and the team has in Esteban Gutierrez and Jean Eric Vergne, two test and development drivers with 2014 F1 experience who could easily and happily step into the breach as race drivers. With young talents Raffaele Marciello and Antonio Fuoco waiting in the wings, there is a talented line of accession. But with Haas F1 waiting to enter the sport in 2016, and rumours already stating the American outfit will become a de facto junior team to Ferrari, is there scope for Manor to also fulfill this position?
The simple answer is no. Sources have informed this writer that Scuderia Ferrari is not behind the latest attempt to keep Manor afloat. Indeed, Ferrari has long attempted to maintain an independent position as a supplier to its engine partners and as such even talk of Haas becoming a junior team would seem to be wide of the mark. With the arrival of Sebastian Vettel and a wholesale change in management team at the Scuderia, Maranello it seems already has enough on its plate.
As such, it appears that neither McLaren nor Ferrari are behind the latest deal to try to save Manor.
But that does not mean that the attempt to rescue the team is without merit or hope. While Manor is known to have various bills outstanding, its ninth place finishing position in the 2014 Constructors' World Championship ensures it will be granted a larger slice of the financial pie than at anytime in its short history. Crucially, however, one must recognise that this payout does not occur in one lump at the start of the season. Rather, it is paid out in installments over the course of the following year and, as such, the team's continued presence is essential to it receiving its full entitlement.
Questions remain over exactly what chassis the team would use in 2015, with the most likely route expected to be that it will run its 2014 MR03. The team would need special dispensation to do so, although with F1 desperate to not see grids shrink any further, it is believed that rival teams will not place any obstacles in the squad's way should the use of a year-old chassis be the only way they can make it to Melbourne. Indeed, a forthcoming meeting of The Strategy Group is expected to ratify such an exemption.
With the car sitting an average of three to four seconds off the pace in 2014, however, even an upgraded 2015 engine may not be enough to keep the team within 107%. The Ferrari engine has changed much over the winter, too, and one wonders how much of the redesign will affect its integration into the 2014 chassis.
There is also the subject of where the team will be based. News broke in December that Haas F1 had bought Manor / Marussia's base in Banbury, Oxfordshire, UK. As such, it is unclear whether those members of staff believed to have been called back to work this week are operating out of Banbury, or Manor's traditional HQ in Dinnington, Yorkshire, where the F1 team was based when it was known as Virgin.
The final piece of the puzzle would then be over the team's drivers. Max Chilton has already confirmed that he is to move Stateside to pursue an Indycar career with Carlin, and it is unlikely that he and his backers would stump up the money to make an 11th hour return to Formula 1. As such, Marussia's third driver Alexander Rossi must be considered to be a serious consideration for a seat, should the team be saved. While Rossi lacks budget, he has experience of the car and the team and would be a neat and popular appointment.
The next few weeks will be fascinating, with the vast majority of the sport united in hope that the popular British team will see the lights go out in Melbourne in just two months' time.
Update: SKYF1 – Ex-Sainsbury Boss behind bid to save Marussia?
Advertisements
The Campanian Ignimbrite (CI) eruption in Italy 40,000 years ago was one of the largest volcanic cataclysms in Europe and injected a significant amount of sulfur-dioxide (SO2) into the stratosphere. Scientists have long debated whether this eruption contributed to the final extinction of the Neanderthals. This new study by Benjamin A. Black and colleagues tests this hypothesis with a sophisticated climate model.
Black and colleagues write that the CI eruption approximately coincided with the final decline of Neanderthals as well as with dramatic territorial and cultural advances among anatomically modern humans. Because of this, the roles of climate, hominin competition, and volcanic sulfur cooling and acid deposition have been vigorously debated as causes of Neanderthal extinction.
They point out, however, that the decline of Neanderthals in Europe began well before the CI eruption: "Radiocarbon dating has shown that at the time of the CI eruption, anatomically modern humans had already arrived in Europe, and the range of Neanderthals had steadily diminished. Work at five sites in the Mediterranean indicates that anatomically modern humans were established in these locations by then as well."
"While the precise implications of the CI eruption for cultures and livelihoods are best understood in the context of archaeological data sets," write Black and colleagues, the results of their study quantitatively describe the magnitude and distribution of the volcanic cooling and acid deposition that ancient hominin communities experienced coincident with the final decline of the Neanderthals.
In their climate simulations, Black and colleagues found that the largest temperature decreases after the eruption occurred in Eastern Europe and Asia and sidestepped the areas where the final Neanderthal populations were living (Western Europe). Therefore, the authors conclude that the eruption was probably insufficient to trigger Neanderthal extinction.
However, the abrupt cold spell that followed the eruption would still have significantly impacted day-to-day life for Neanderthals and early humans in Europe. Black and colleagues point out that temperatures in Western Europe would have decreased by an average of 2 to 4 degrees Celsius during the year following the eruption. These unusual conditions, they write, may have directly influenced survival and day-to-day life for Neanderthals and anatomically modern humans alike, and emphasize the resilience of anatomically modern humans in the face of abrupt and adverse changes in the environment.
Incredible Connection launching Xbox One midnight in South Africa
The never-ending wait for the Xbox One ceases tonight, at least if Incredible Connection has anything to do about it. The South African technology retailer will launch the console at midnight, 23 September at 17 selected stores across the country, for one hour.
In the wee hours of tomorrow morning, the retailer will award the first ten buyers of the “must have” Xbox One bundle at each store, a R1000 voucher each, as well as a 10% discount on any other item they desire in store (excluding the Xbox One, of course).
The announcement comes just hours before the machine is officially available in South Africa, after nearly 10 months of waiting. “Being one of the first retailers in South Africa to launch the Xbox one console, we pride ourselves as being the leaders in the market and thus a destination of choice for all technology needs,” says Selvan Naidoo, Marketing Executive at Incredible Connection.
Stores participating include:
Clearwater Mall, Cresta, Rosebank, The Glen, Sandton, Eastgate Mall, East Rand Mall, Menlyn Mall, Canal Walk Shopping Centre, Centurion, Gateway Mall, The Pavillion, V & A Waterfront, Cavendish, Somerset Mall and Nelspruit.
The Southeastern Conference has a record 10 teams ranked in the first Associated Press college football poll of the regular season.
Ohio State remained a unanimous No. 1 after pulling away for a 42-24 victory at Virginia Tech on Monday night.
It's Unanimous: Ohio State Is No. 1 The Ohio State Buckeyes remained the No. 1 team in the Associated Press Top 25, getting all 61 first-place votes after routing Virginia Tech in their opener. Alabama is No. 2, leading a record 10 SEC schools to be ranked this week. 1. Ohio St. (61) 6. Auburn 2. Alabama 7. Oregon 3. TCU 8. USC 4. Baylor 9. Notre Dame 5. Michigan St. 10. Georgia First-place votes in parenthesis >> Complete AP Top 25 poll
The SEC already held the record for most teams from one conference in the Top 25 with eight, a mark it matched in the preseason. After the conference went 12-1 to open the season, No. 16 Texas A&M and No. 25 Mississippi State moved into the poll to go with the eight teams already there.
Alabama moved up a spot to No. 2. The rest of the SEC roll call is: No. 6 Auburn, No. 10 Georgia, No. 14 LSU, No. 17 Ole Miss, No. 18 Arkansas, No. 20 Missouri and No. 23 Tennessee.
Joked LSU coach Les Miles on Wednesday: "I think the SEC should have 25 teams in the top 25."
Only LSU, whose game against McNeese State was canceled because of weather, and Vanderbilt failed to post wins in Week 1 as the conference went 12-1. The Commodores lost to Western Kentucky, 14-12.
Teams dropping out of the rankings were Arizona State and Stanford, part of a lackluster 7-5 start to the season for the Pac-12. Wisconsin also dropped out of the rankings after losing to Alabama.
The SEC has been dominating the AP poll in recent years and has had eight ranked teams six times in the regular season and three times in the preseason.
The Big Ten and the Atlantic Coast conference have each had a high of seven teams ranked in the AP Top 25. The Big Ten has done it five times. The ACC has had seven twice.
The Pac-12's high for ranked teams is six, including in this season's preseason poll and last season's final rankings. The most ranked teams the Big 12 has ever had in the AP Top 25 is six, which happened for three weeks in 2011.
For those interested in Theravadin Buddhism and Insight (vipassana) meditation practice, especially those in the San Francisco Bay area, here is an excellent opportunity to get more deeply involved. Inquiring Mind seeks a new part-time publisher. The position is currently part-paid, part-dana, but that could change if the journal's finances and readership allow. More about Inquiring Mind (via their website):
Inquiring Mind is a donation supported, semiannual journal dedicated to the creative transmission of Buddhadharma to the West. Founded in 1983 and published each April and October, the journal is distributed worldwide to a readership of more than 30,000 people.
Readers of Inquiring Mind include followers of many different Buddhist traditions, and others interested in the philosophy and ideas of Buddhism. Born out of the Theravada Buddhist community of Insight (vipassana) meditators, Inquiring Mind is highly regarded for its excellent and thought provoking interviews of Buddhist teachers, philosophers, psychologists and artists, as well as for its presentation of art, poetry, stories and humorous essays.
Regular contributors include Jack Kornfield, Sharon Salzberg, Joseph Goldstein, Thich Nhat Hanh, Joanna Macy, Jon Kabat-Zinn, Gary Snyder, Nina Wise, Robert Thurman, Ram Dass and many others. In addition, each issue includes an extensive international calendar of vipassana retreats.
Arlen Specter's party switch isn't all that startling. Richard Shelby and Ben Nighthorse Campbell switched to the Republicans right after the 1994 election, without (as far as I know) facing the same kind of primary challenge. But this switch is especially important, because once Al Franken finally gets seated it will give the Democrats the magic 60 number. The way is now open to a seriously progressive agenda.
What strikes me, however, is the extent to which this is a self-inflicted wound. If Pat Toomey of the Club for Growth weren't so diligent about enforcing supply-side purity; if Republicans hadn't made Rush Limbaugh the effective head of the party; Specter might still be GOP, and the Obama agenda much more limited.
Instead, though, we have a party that seems to be in a death spiral: the smaller it gets, the more it's dominated by the hard right, which makes it even smaller. In the long run, this is not good for American democracy– we really do need two major parties in competition. But I'll settle for getting that back after we get universal health care and cap-and-trade.
Update Notes:
Added Zero Kelvin Weapon Kit craftable with 50 salvaged materials.
Tweaked farms to be plantable anywhere when Ignore_Soil_Restrictions is flagged.
Tweaked XZ border movement restrictions to only apply within terrain bounds.
Tweaked vehicle entry to check line-of-sight between player and their seat.
Tweaked vanilla teleport command to prevent teleporting to a player inside a vehicle.
Tweaked teleport helper functions to check for available space.
Fixed makeshift vehicles disrespecting the buildable request event.
Fixed a particular tree on Hawaii using incorrect shader.
Fixed France Heavy Crossbow rope shader.
Fixed highlight outlines on Mac.
Fixed running devkit upgrade tool on devkit objects.
Fixed farm updateState if asset type was changed.
Fixed setting terrain textures on headless Linux server.
Misc Info:
Was surprised at the number of questions about using the ragdoll effects following the last update (particularly for freezing), so I implemented the Zero Kelvin kit right away. The bronze, silver and gold effects will still be used for contests, and if you're planning on running an Unturned community contest let me know and maybe we can use them as rewards too!
Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) is pushing an alternative ObamaCare repeal bill amid growing opposition to the House GOP leadership's plan.
Paul introduced a bill — known as the ObamaCare repeal bill — mirrored off a 2015 bill that cleared the Senate along party lines.
“The Republican Party is unified on Obamacare repeal,” Paul said in a statement. “We can honor our promise right away by passing the same language we acted on in the last Congress."
Paul's proposal would effectively separate repeal of ObamaCare from replacement. The move could alienate a group of centrist Republicans who want, at a minimum, the key details of replacement nailed down before they vote to repeal.
ADVERTISEMENT
But Paul argued that Republicans are "unified" on wanting to repeal the Affordable Care Act, and senators could debate a replacement plan later.
"[After repeal] we can have a separate vote on replacement legislation that will deliver lower costs, better care, and greater access to the American people," he said.
Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) has introduced the legislation in the House.
The bill includes a staggered repeal of ObamaCare taxes, including a repeal of the Medical Device Tax in 2018 and the Cadillac Tax in 2020.
The legislation would also eliminate eligibility for ObamaCare's Medicaid expansion as of 2020 as well as the higher federal matching rate included in the Affordable Care Act.
The move would likely draw opposition from a group of moderate Senate Republicans who have threatened they would vote against any bill that doesn't protect the Medicaid funding expansion in their home states.
Paul's bill comes as a growing number of GOP senators are raising concerns over a House proposal to repeal and replace ObamaCare.
1. House health-care bill can't pass Senate w/o major changes. To my friends in House: pause, start over. Get it right, don't get it fast. — Tom Cotton (@TomCottonAR) March 9, 2017 GOP senators say they believe the House bill will need significant changes before it can pass the Senate. GOP senators say they believe the House bill will need significant changes before it can pass the Senate.
"I support making structural improvements to the Medicaid program, but we must provide stability and certainty for individuals and families in Medicaid expansion programs and real flexibility for states," he said.
Republicans have a narrow path to passing ObamaCare repeal. They have a 52-seat majority, meaning they can only afford to lose two GOP senators and still pass repeal.
People who feel an attraction, platonic but sometimes sexualized, to anthropomorphic animals are known as furries. Disney's new children's movie, Zootopia, has been caught trying to use these animal lovers to market the movie.
Furries are often known for their unique art and incredibly complex costumes called “fursuits,” which resemble those of mascots. Zootopia seems to be a dream come true for furries. Stylized creatures wear clothing and have ordinary jobs in a world filled purely with anthropomorphic animals. The plot centers on the unlikely duo of a male fugitive fox and a female rookie rabbit.
Zootopia was such an instant and expected hit among furries that fursuits resembling the characters began appearing online mere days after the first promotional trailer was released. Sexualized fan art of the female rabbit is already circulating the internet.
However, furries aren't forcing themselves into unwanted territory by joining the Zootopia fandom because they're being recruited. Allied Integrated Media, a digital marketing company contracted by Disney, is actively searching out furry groups.
An email sent by the company to Furlife reads, “The pictures of the members of your group all looking like animals are incredible and align perfectly with the film. All of you could live peacefully in Zootopia.” The message goes on to entice the group by saying members can receive free merchandise upon posting photos of their Zootopia fursuits on social media.
Joaquin Baldwin, feature animation layout artist and supervisor, even got in on the action. On his personal Twitter Baldwin all but confirmed a fan's suspicion regarding the marketing of Zootopia.
Upon further inspection, it's easy to see how much the creators of “Zootopia” are trying to seduce furries. Disney redefined the phrase “teaser trailer” when it released a clip of the fox, Nick, appearing naked. After the narrator points this out, Nick blushes and hides his crotch. Moments later he's clothed and is seen zipping his fly.
The biggest issue is keeping the adult content surrounding furries separate from children. However, Disney isn't betraying children by trying to recruit fans who identify as furries. Creators of children's films are always trying to bring in more adult fans. This is why viewers can see the inclusion of complex jokes, which would fly over a child's head.
Often when it comes to this subculture, either you hate them or you're one of them. Even the phrase, “furries ruin everything” has become an inside joke among members. The stigma associated with the group needs to be reevaluated.
After all, there's no harm. Furries are into anthropomorphized animals, so no one can claim bestiality, and members are trying to keep separate from children by allegedly renting isolated theaters.
Regardless of an individual's personal beliefs, this is a smart business move. Furries are incredibly passionate and loyal fans, and as adults they can spend excessive amounts of money on merchandise. From a fiscal standpoint, they're technically helping children. More fans of Zootopia means more money will be available for future films.
As long as the two worlds can remain vastly segregated, each can live in harmony. Instead of shaming furries for being a fringe culture, we should allow them space to be themselves.
Introductions of new vehicles almost always include plenty of fanfare and hoopla. But not for the new hybrid version of the Nissan Murano, which we heard about first from the EPA a few months ago when its fuel-economy ratings turned up on the agency's website. The 2016 Murano hybrid is now officially part of Nissan's lineup, and shoppers can spec this gasoline-electric crossover on Nissan's online configurator tool, complete with pricing and full specifications. Only around 600 units of the Murano hybrid will be produced for the U.S., likely making this an even rarer breed than the previous-generation Murano CrossCabriolet.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Given this low-key introduction, it almost seems as if Nissan had spare parts lying around from the Pathfinder hybrid, which was canceled last year. The Murano hybrid uses the same powertrain as the larger, three-row Pathfinder hybrid did: a supercharged, 2.5-liter four-cylinder engine paired with a continuously variable transmission and a 20-hp electric motor that provides up to 118 lb-ft of torque. A lithium-ion battery pack supplies power to the electric motor, and the drivetrain's combined output is 250 horsepower, 10 hp less than the regular Murano's 3.5-liter V-6.
Front-wheel drive is standard, and all-wheel drive is a $1600 option for the Murano hybrid, which comes only in high-spec SL ($40,950) and Platinum ($43,000) trim levels. That means you'll pay $3000 more for the hybrid and its extra 4 to 5 mpg (EPA combined ratings). The front-wheel-drive Murano hybrid is rated at 28 mpg city, 31 mpg highway, while all-wheel drive drops those numbers to 26 city/30 highway. Both front- and all-wheel-drive versions of the conventionally powered Murano are rated at 21 mpg city/28 mpg highway.
The front-drive hybrid Murano weighs some 175 pounds more than the conventional Murano; the all-wheel-drive version is around 170 pounds heavier, per Nissan's estimates. At least the compact drivetrain doesn't intrude into the Murano's passenger or cargo space.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Bystanders will have a hard time telling apart the Murano hybrid from its conventional brethren, as the only visual changes we can see include small hybrid badges on the liftgate and the front doors. The hybrid model includes different energy gauges inside and an eco mode, which adjusts throttle mapping and climate-control settings for maximum efficiency.
Given the cool reception the Pathfinder hybrid got—it was part of Nissan's lineup for just two years—it's hard to imagine the Murano hybrid changing that narrative much, especially given its extremely limited production run and today's low fuel prices. But those shoppers seeking a less expensive alternative to the similarly sized Lexus RX450h hybrid crossover might be interested in the Murano hybrid—that is, if they learn of its existence.
US-based aluminium giant Alcoa has announced that it will close its Point Henry smelter in Geelong, Victoria, as well as two rolling mills – one in Geelong and one in Yennora, NSW – in a move that will cost Australia's beleaguered manufacturing industry another 1,000 jobs and deliver a fresh blow to electricity utilities already struggling against falling demand.
The decision to close the plants was announced on Tuesday morning by Alcoa Australia, after being finalised at a meeting of the board. The Geelong smelter will now close in August and the rolling mills by the end of the year.
The company said that a two-year review of the 50 year-old Port Henry plant found it had become unprofitable due to “a combination of factors,” including metal prices, input costs and exchange rates.
“Despite the hard work of the local teams these assets are no longer competitive and are not financially sustainable today or into the future,” said Klaus Kleinfeld, the company chief executive officer.
But as attention turns to the economic and job losses, the closing of the brown-coal fired Port Henry smelter will have implications that extend beyond Australia's struggling manufacturing industry.
“As a very large user of electricity, Point Henry's closure will also have ripple effects across Victoria's electricity industry,” said Environment Victoria's Mark Wakeham in a statement on Tuesday.
Aluminium smelting is is one of Australia's biggest energy consumers, using a total of around 15 per cent of Australia's overall electricity supply. And at 10 around per cent of Australia's smelting capacity, Point Henry is one of Victoria's biggest consumers of brown-coal-fired electricity – around 40 per cent of which is supplied by the Alcoa's purpose-built Anglesea coal mine and power station.
“Point Henry has an average demand of 360MW of electricity, equivalent to one-quarter of Hazelwood power station's output,” said Wakeham.
“It is highly likely that existing coal-fired generation at Anglesea or at Yallourn or Hazelwood will be mothballed or retired as a result of Alcoa's decision, despite Alcoa's stated intent to try and find a buyer for the Anglesea mine and power station.”
Although highly unpopular among Victoria's Surf Coast residents, Alcoa's Anglesea coal power facility was granted a 50-year lease extension by the Baillieu Government in late October 2011. And in December last year, Alcoa applied to the Essential Services Commission for an independent licence to generate power, which would allow it to sell the energy directly to the market.
Controversially, Victorian taxpayers subsidised the state's aluminium smelters for a long time, after the Cain government finalised a deal with Alcoa in the mid-1980s to build and operate the Portland plant. In 2009, research by The Age found that the eventual cost of subsidies could be more than $4.5 billion by the time the contracts were to expire in 2014 and 2016.
In 2010, Alcoa signed long-term electricity contracts with Australia's largest electricity generator, Loy Yang Power, to supply the smelters at Portland and Point Henry until 2036. And while the deal reassured the unions – and enraged environmentalists – at the time, it has done nothing to prolong the life of the smelter.
More recently, Coalition governments have blamed the carbon price for Alcoa's financial woes, but Alcoa itself has denied this, with a company spokeswoman confirming in a statement today that “the carbon tax was not a factor in the decision to close Point Henry smelter or the rolled products business”.
As Wakeham notes, Alcoa has instead done quite well since the carbon tax was introduced, receiving free permits for 94.5 per cent of their emissions – a package worth $1.7 billion over five years. And in 2012 Alcoa received a further $40 million assistance package from the federal government.
“The fact is that there is an oversupply globally in aluminium smelting and the industry is increasingly moving to countries with larger smelters and low emissions energy sources. Victoria is the only place in the world where aluminium is being produced with brown coal powered electricity.”
In Australia, all but one of the country's aluminium smelters rely on cheap (and dirty) coal power. The exception is Rio Tinto's Bell Bay, which is mostly powered by hydro.
And it's not just in Australia that Alcoa is struggling with cheap power supply. In Canada, it was reported in October last year that the company could be forced to close all three of its smelters in the province of Quebec, with electricity supply cost for the plants expected to jump 60 per cent.
As in Australia, the power Alcoa had been receiving in Quebec had been supplied at a discount price. But as of January 1, 2015, the annual electricity bill will go up from $C350 million to $C570 million.
In Australia, says Wakeham, the challenge for governments “is to develop a jobs agenda and plan that looks forward to the industries of the future rather” than stranding industries through policy that ignores the direction in which the world is headed.
“The rapid loss of manufacturing jobs requires a change in direction and a rethink,” Wakeham said. “Why isn't Victoria protecting and pursuing jobs in solar water heating in factories in the south-eastern suburbs, or wind tower manufacturing in Portland, instead of attempting to develop new polluting brown coal mines?”
Truck Yeah The trucks are good!
Finally — FINALLY — Jeep is reportedly set to give the masses the Wrangler pickup truck they've been screaming for for years. That's according to a new dispatch from Automotive News, which also reports Wrangler production will stay in Toledo, Ohio where it belongs.
The Wrangler truck would launch in 2017 or 2018 around the time the all-new Wrangler is set to debut, AN reports.
AN reports details will be announced after Fiat Chrysler concludes contract negotiations with the United Auto Workers union this month. Until this report came out, residents of Toledo weren't sure whether they'd keep Wrangler production and all the jobs that come with it.
Unfortunately, according to this report, production of the Cherokee will move out of Ohio, likely to Michigan. Ideally they'd make it up with Wrangler truck production.
FCA's Toledo Assembly Complex is composed of two plants: one smaller body-on-frame plant that builds the Wrangler and another nearly new unibody plant that builds the Cherokee. The two lines share some common parts staging, but otherwise operate independently. The plan would require the unibody plant, locally known as Toledo North, to be converted to body-on-frame assembly. The redesigned Wrangler would launch there. Loss of the Cherokee is a blow to Toledo, which had sought to keep the vehicle and expand Wrangler production. Through August, the Cherokee is Jeep's top-selling vehicle in the U.S., averaging 17,611 sales per month. However, that wound may be salved if new vehicles to be added prove as popular.
Advertisement
While Jeep has had a few trucks throughout their history, there has never been a Wrangler-based truck (ETA: at least, not in the modern era, the old CJ Jeep Scrambler had a truck bed.) Fans have clamored for one — especially after the 2005 Jeep Gladiator concept, pictured above.
AN reports that it's not known exactly what form this new Wrangler truck will take, or whether it will be like the Gladiator or something else entirely.
It is unknown whether the Wrangler-based pickup would be Gladiator-sized or smaller, to compete with the redesigned Chevrolet Colorado and GMC Canyon, as well as a potential Ford Ranger pickup. Either way, the Jeep badge and underpinnings should allow it to sell at a premium above those offerings.
Advertisement
JEEPTRUCK!
Germany Leads Effort to Establish Intâ€™l Renewable Energy Agency
Germany is leading an effort to create an international renewable energy agency that would provide practical advice and support for industrialized and developing countries aiming to foster and facilitate development of renewable energy technology and resources, as well as establish effective regulatory frameworks.
Representatives from 60 countries met in Berlin in April at the invitation of the German government to participate in the ‘Preparatory Conference for the Foundation of the International Renewable Energy Agency' (IRENA). Follow-up workshops, held on June 30 and July 1, addressed IRENA's initial working program and its statutes and finances.
The German government and IRENA participants see the need for an international agency that can accelerate the process, maximize efficiencies and reduce costs and redundant efforts by assuming tasks that are either being met through bilateral exchanges or not being addressed at all due to lack of resources or money.
IRENA will close an institutional gap according to its proponents.
What is needed is an organization that can guide and coordinate activities in the area of renewable energy on an international level so that their impacts are maximized. With their limited mandate and capacities, current international renewable energy associations and networks cannot fill the institutional gap the way that IRENA could.”
Despite urging by UN climate scientists and policymakers, the massive capital and transfer of technology required to fuel widespread international development and use of renewable energy has been slow in coming.
To date, only a minority of states have shown themselves willing or able to introduce efficient renewable energy policies (including appropriate legislation and institutional frameworks), develop effective industries, assess their national potential and promote research, development, education and training,” according to IRENA. We now need to disseminate best practices and lessons learned in order to give countries wishing to profit from the many benefits of using renewable energy the support they need to exploit their vast domestic potential. IRENA will carry out a broad range of activities to meet these needs.”
According to its statutes, IRENA's objective is to “promote the fast adoption and the sustainable use of renewable energy worldwide, taking account of its contribution to security of supply, environment and climate protection, economic growth and social cohesion, regional development and inter-generational equity.”
IRENA's looking to get out of the blocks quickly. The statutes are to be finalized at a ‘Final Preparatory Conference for IRENA' to be held at the end of October, and a ‘Founding and Signing Conference' has been scheduled for November.
A start-up working program has been drafted and is to be enacted in the run-up to the final preparatory meeting and founding and signing conference. Its two focal points are to being advising national governments on developing an integrated approach to promoting renewable energy and establishing an Internet communication platform.
Over the medium and longer terms, IRENA's activities are also to include technology transfer, capacity building, financing, research and establishing standards. Associated activities will include facilitating development of solar cities, rural electrification and grid renewable energy standards; providing training, technology transfer and finance; holding member conferences and producing a publication.
The comedy will wrap its run with its third season on the cable network after moving from ABC.
TBS is raising its wine glass to Cougar Town one final time.
The Turner-owned cable network announced that it has renewed the ABC Studios comedy for a sixth and final season in 2015.
The order for the Courteney Cox comedy is for another 13-episode run, on par with its fifth season allocation. The comedy, which moved from ABC to TBS following season three, will end its run having spent three seasons each on cable and broadcast.
PHOTOS: Broadcast TV's Returning Shows 2014-15
Season five ended in April averaging 2 million total viewers, down slightly year-over-year and off considerably from its broadcast heyday. The series ranks as one of cable's top 10 comedies among adults 18-48 with 1.3 million viewers. Created by Bill Lawrence and Kevin Biegel, the duo exited their showrunning duties following its move to TBS.
All told, Lawrence (Scrubs) currently has four shows on the air: Cougar Town, Ground Floor, NBC's rookie Undateable and Fox's freshman Surviving Jack, the latter of which was canceled this week.
For TBS, Cougar Town will be joined by another former broadcast series in July when Fox's animated entry American Dad joins the cabler's lineup, which also includes originals Sullivan & Son, Men at Work and Lawrence's Ground Floor. (The latter of which was renewed for a second season in 2015.)
The cabler this week also picked up comedy series including David Kohan and Max Mutchnick's Buzzy's; Greg Malins' Your Family or Mine; and Steve and Nancy Carell's Tribeca, starring Rashida Jones.
Email: Lesley.Goldberg@THR.com
Twitter: @Snoodit
Instead of taking ownership in a mass of tax foreclosures on Jan. 1, the Wayne County Treasurer's office said taxpayers have until May 26 next year to pay back taxes on "reverted" properties.
Buy Photo Marcella Crockett of Detroit holds a letter from the Wayne County Treasurer showing the back taxes she owes on her home in Detroit on September 10, 2014. (Photo: Ryan Garza, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo Story Highlights Tens of thousands of Wayne County residents, most of them Detroiters, are behind on property taxes.
If the county assumes ownership Jan. 1, officials acknowledge that most can't be sold for much.
Authorities said they strongly hope to keep residents in their homes and work out payment plans.
Owners of about 20,000 properties in Wayne County — including thousands of homeowners in Detroit — got an early holiday gift Tuesday from the Wayne County treasurer: five more months to pay their back taxes.
Instead of taking ownership through a massive batch of tax foreclosures scheduled for Jan. 1, the Wayne County Treasurer's office said it would announce this week that taxpayers have until May 26, 2015, to pay up.
The decision was welcomed by officials at the Detroit Land Bank Authority, which was expected to take possession from the county of all the reverted properties in Detroit and would have added them to its already bloated inventory.
"We have plenty already, believe me," said Craig Fahle, director of public affairs and senior adviser at the authority.
"Our current inventory as of Oct. 1 is about 34,000 properties," all in Detroit, and the authority is scheduled to accept another 6,000 in January, Fahle said.
"Anything that gives people more time to make payment arrangements is a good thing. Our goal is always to make sure that people stay in their homes," he said.
Altogether, Wayne County has begun tax foreclosure proceedings this year on nearly 75,000 properties, including 62,000 in Detroit alone. This week's decision affects properties that changed hands since October 2011, which meant they had a new "reverter" clause added to their deeds.
This was to be the first time that the treasurer's office enforced the new provision, which would have had the properties "revert" to the county Jan. 1, 2015, if taxes weren't kept current for at least two years, Chief Deputy Wayne County Treasurer David Szymanski said.
Authorities have repeatedly tried to inform property owners that time was running out, but many homeowners still might be ill informed about the odds of starting the new year by losing their houses, Szymanski said. Out of 22,000 Wayne County residents who this year were served with legal notices that they could lose their properties "only some 2,000 taxpayers came forward to pay the taxes and protect their properties," he said.
More could be done to inform them, including wider use by the county of "door hangers" — notices attached to doorknobs by roving foreclosure clerks, Szymanski said.
"We have to have a stronger messaging campaign — they do have to pay," said Keith Stallworth, managing director of the nonprofit Detroit-based Black Caucus Foundation of Michigan.
State Rep. Rashida Tlaib, D-Detroit said she welcomed the extension of the foreclosure deadline from January to May but said it won't help those who most deeply in debt.
"Giving people more time is good, but if the resources aren't there, they're going to be in the same situation at the end of May that they are now," Tlaib said. She hopes the state Legislature passes a bill to relieve taxpayers from state-mandated interest and penalties that quickly mount on back taxes, as long as a property owner agrees to a payment plan, she said.
Contact Bill Laitner: blaitner@freepress.com or 313-223-4485.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1vM3oRc
My studio lighting washed out the neon a little, but my outdoor picture shows it off beautifully. PayDay! was the perfect accent to that neon!
Enjoy & until next time, Amy Lee
*all products featured were purchased by me
So in my # StampingSaturday post I told you all that I got away for the weekend. J and I met up with his family in Nantucket and had a quick weekend away. It was so great to see everyone and we had a lovely time, minus the whole lobster impersonation I'm doing currently. ;-)Of course I had to do vacay nails, so I set out to do a look that was summery and beachy. I chose to go with a sponged, random gradient of four neons and fun accent nails. I got so many compliments over the weekend on this look, and I couldn't stop staring at it myself.To start off, I laid down a base of LVX Fantom on my thumb, pointer, and middle finger. On my ring and pinky I applied two thick coats of FUN Lacquer PayDay! Then on a cosmetic sponge I plopped down a big drop of China Glaze Thistle Do Nicely Highlight of My Summer , and Hanging in the Balance . I sponged it on in a random pattern on each nail.Do you have any fun vacations planned for the rest of summer? I can't believe it's almost August already.
Erdoğan's International Network of Muslim Cleric Spies
BERLIN — This month, relations between Turkey and the two countries home to the bulk of Turkey's European diaspora, Germany and the Netherlands, publicly exploded in a fit of acrimony and insults. But the dispute was playing out on two levels, only one of which was immediately apparent. As impossible as it was to ignore Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's repeated accusations of “Nazi practices” by Europe, it was easy to overlook the history of mutual tension leading up to that outburst — including Erdoğan's own long-running subversion of Islamic religious institutions catering to diaspora Turks in Europe.
On the surface, the fight was over the Erdoğan government's efforts to campaign in Europe ahead of a pivotal referendum vote next month aimed at remaking Turkey as a centralized presidential state. For the first time ever, German and Dutch officials banned Turkish government ministers from making stops in their respective countries to lobby for votes, claiming that Europe's democratic systems shouldn't be used as vehicles to aid in Erdoğan's power grab (though it seemed more than a coincidence that the governments of both European countries were about to face re-election themselves). Erdoğan responded by making his Nazi accusations and threatening to annul Turkey's refugee deal with the EU that is said to have slowed refugee inflow into continental Europe.
That tensions reached such heights so quickly reflects the way nationalist populism can be mutually complementary across international borders. But it also reflects a longer-standing problem specific to Turkey and Europe — namely, the Turkish government's conviction that diaspora Turks everywhere in the world owe their first allegiance to Turkey. Erdoğan doesn't just want Turkish expats' votes; he wants their unwavering loyalty, and, to the consternation of European governments, he has proved willing to go to extreme lengths to secure it.
That includes speaking engagement by Turkish politicos and Turkish-language propaganda, and instances where the two overlap. (In an interview with a German-Turkish newspaper in 2011, Erdoğan declared that “forced integration” requiring immigrants to suppress their culture and language violated international law. It wasn't the first time Erdoğan used language that Europeans felt crossed a line: A year earlier, in Cologne, Germany, he'd said, “Assimilation is a crime against humanity.”) But Erdoğan's efforts also include more subtle tactics, including shaping the religious life of Turks residing in Europe to serve his government's political goals by using state-paid imams as spies.
The Sehitlik Camii mosque, in Berlin's immigrant-heavy district of Neukölln, is a case in point. Until mid-July last year, it had been the site of a cautious but thoroughly progressive experiment. The mosque's young imam, Ender Cetin, a native Neuköllner of Turkish descent, began opening up his house of worship to non-Muslim visitors: for example, holding open-house Saturdays. He began engaging in public dialogue with Jewish rabbis and Christian priests.
The Sehitlik Camii mosque, Berlin's largest Islamic house of worship, basked in media attention for these efforts, viewed as it was by integration proponents as an exemplary initiative to cut the yawning gap between Germany's Muslims and other Germans. But Cetin was not alone: He was part of a new generation of Muslim clerics across Germany who sought to better weave the Turkish Muslim community into the fabric of mainstream Germany. These young priests made it their business to pick up solid German or, like Cetin, hailed from Germany's Turkish community and were born and raised here, then trained in Turkey. They reached out to the German media and ventured into German public schools to teach religion classes for Muslim pupils; a few even broached ultra-sensitive topics, such as homosexuality.
But this religious glasnost came to an abrupt halt this past summer, in the aftermath of the failed coup attempt in Turkey. The scuppered putsch prompted a crackdown across Turkey and reached into Germany, as well as other European countries with diaspora Turks.
Cetin and his allies found themselves facing the wrath of Diyanet, Turkey's directorate for religious affairs. Diyanet is Turkey's official Islamic authority and the paymaster of about 900 mosques in Germany — and many more across Western Europe. The directorate was created in 1924 with the aim of keeping Islam in check in secular, republican Turkey; in the era of Erdoğan, critics say, it has become a political tool to further the interests of his Islamist Justice and Development Party (AKP). Diyanet's budget covers the salaries of all of Turkey's “export imams” active in Western Europe, every one of whom is a Turkish civil servant.
In the wake of the coup attempt, the Diyanet headquarters in Ankara — one of the Turkish state's most powerful institutions — yanked tight the leash. Cetin and others, including the entire Sehitlik Camii governing board, were unceremoniously disposed of — accused of being followers of Fethullah Gulen, the mysterious exile whom Erdoğan has blamed for the coup. A note on the mosque's entrance gate read: “Gulen supporters unwelcome.” The brief experiment at Sehitlik Camii and other Diyanet-funded parishes was snuffed out, and the faithful returned to the well-worn path of Islam they were on before; an Islam more oriented to the culture of Turkey than Western Europe — and more loyal to the party of Erdoğan than any other.
The lives of many Turkish migrants, particularly older ones of first or second generation, still revolve around the insular world of the mosque parish and the Turkish community. A broad spectrum of Turkish-language newspapers and broadcast media, from the left to the far-right, are available in Germany. But most popular among those with Turkish passports, observers estimate, are probably Ankara's official state news channels, which meticulously follow the AKP line. According to Haci-Halil Uslucan, a migration specialist at the University of Duisburg-Essen, “The Turkish media received in Germany is roughly 80 to 90 percent government-friendly, manipulative, and unilateral.” Observers say the regime's propaganda has an even bigger impact in the diaspora: Unlike their countrymen in the homeland, the diaspora Turks don't have the reality of everyday life in Turkey to contrast with the exaggerated reports.
The long arm of Ankara also reaches beyond its borders via the network of Diyanet imams and mosques in Europe, which is managed by the Cologne-based Turkish-Islamic Union for Religious Affairs (DITIB) — the largest Muslim organization in Germany with branch offices across the country. The mosques' function — at least until recently — has not been expressly political, nor are Turkey's imams as a whole in the service of either Erdoğan or the AKP. (There are also, in addition to Diyanet-financed mosques, independent, self-financed Turkish mosques in Germany.) But the missions of the AKP and Diyanet-funded mosques abroad dovetail ever more frequently, as the case of the Sehitlik Camii imam and a mosque-based espionage scandal in Germany last year vividly illustrate.
As the Turkish population in Germany — much of it with roots in poor, rural, and religious eastern Anatolia — swelled beginning in the 1960s, when the first Turkish gastarbeiter, or guest workers, arrived in West Germany to handle the grunt work of the booming postwar economy, makeshift mosques began to pop up in migrant districts of Germany's inner cities, usually in the form of small prayer rooms in multistory walk-ups. There were at the time — and remain today — few sources of imams for the Anatolian workers other than Diyanet. DITIB came to life in the early 1980s in order to supply the flock with leadership and often purports to speak in the name of the Turkish community today, a fact that troubles many leftist and liberal-minded Turks in Germany.
The condition of Turks in Germany became an urgent concern in the 1980s and 1990s, when Germans belatedly took notice of the burgeoning Turkish community in their midst — and of its youngest generations filling up the classrooms of urban secondary schools. Study after study showed that Turkish children performed poorly in German schools, that Germany's new underclass was disproportionally immigrant — and, unsurprisingly, that the Turkish community in Germany identified with Turkey and its traditions over Germany and its ways.
Observers underscored the discrimination against and exclusion of the Turkish community in Germany as the reason for the migrants' condition. The guest workers were never meant to stay in Germany, even though 3 million eventually did so. But experts also zoomed in the use of imported imams as part of the problem — a contributing factor to Europe's broader failures to integrate. Few of the holy men learned proper German, and their stints of four years abroad were hardly enough to understand the day-to-day lives and problems of their migrant flocks, whose lives were rooted in Germany, dealing with the German authorities, schools, employers, and neighbors. In one measure of how out of touch they were (and remain): The Friday sermons delivered weekly at the houses of worship are a one-to-one facsimile of those written by the Diyanet higher-ups in Ankara, which are delivered weekly across Turkey.
But as Erdoğan has grown increasingly autocratic, Diyanet has begun to look more like a tool of the regime — and DITIB a vehicle of the conservative AKP philosophy. DITIB has become “an extended arm of the Turkish president, Erdoğan,” Islam expert Susanne Schröter told Die Zeit. “Through it, the Islamic AKP ideology extends to the classrooms.” The changed role of Diyanet and DITIB came under harsh scrutiny in Germany last year in the aftermath of the attempted coup. Not only were reform-minded imams like Ender Cetin ousted, but preachers loyal to Erdoğan were also caught red-handed by German intelligence services submitting lists of suspected Gulen supporters to Turkish authorities.
The German authorities charged 16 clerics with illegal “secret service collaboration” and searched mosques and apartments, confiscating computers and reams of paperwork. One German parliamentarian with Turkish heritage called DITIB a “political proxy of Erdoğan” and demanded the German government cease cooperation with it. Equally compelling evidence of activity on behalf of Ankara existed in Austria, Switzerland, Belgium, and the Netherlands. According to Turkish media, Diyanet employed imams in 38 countries to gather intelligence on suspected Gulen followers. In Germany, DITIB issued a statement categorically denying the charges of espionage and protesting the searches.
The German weekly Der Spiegel, which broke the story, claimed that the imams' reports at their disposal underscored how far Erdoğan's power reaches into German society. One of Erdoğan's objectives, charged Der Spiegel, was to divide the Turkish community abroad between friends and foes of the regime. It concluded: “DITIB is an important part of the web of the Turkish president in terms of Turkish citizens abroad. Erdoğan considers DITIB an instrument to expand his rule in Turkey.”
On April 16, the day of the referendum, there will be voting stations in 57 countries hosting the Turkish diaspora. Germany will have voting booths in 13 cities, located in the embassy and consulates — almost twice as many as during the 2015 elections. There is no polling on how Turkish nationals abroad might vote. In addition to AKP-front lobby groups organizing for Erdoğan, opposition groups are campaigning against it. “Erdoğan has most probably profited from the ban on Turkish government politicians,” said said the Berlin-based Turkish journalist Ahmet Külahci, which is, according to Kulahci, exactly what he intended. Indeed, caught between the politics of two worlds, Europe's Turkish migrants might well be the decisive factor in a pivotal vote that could confirm or reject the swing to authoritarian solutions in Europe and beyond.
Photo credit: MAJA HITIJ/Getty Images
Agüero, last season's top scorer at the Etihad Stadium, was taken to hospital last night for scans and is set to find out the full extent of the damage to his right knee today after being injured following a challenge by Southampton defender Nathaniel Clyne seven minutes into the game.
While Mancini conceded that Clyne's challenge was fair, Agüero's knee appeared to twist under the contact. The Argentine underwent lengthy treatment on the pitch and was able to walk off before being carried to the dressing room on a stretcher.
The club is hopeful the damage is not serious and Agüero went some way last night to allaying those fears.
He said on his Twitter account he had suffered a "very tough blow" to his knee and thanked the support he recieved as he stretchered from the field.
<noframe>Twitter: Sergio Aguero - The studies I had done revealed there's no significant injury but it was a very tough hit to my knee.</noframe>
<noframe>Twitter: Sergio Aguero - Tomorrow, the physicians will evaluate the time it will take for me to recover.</noframe>
<noframe>Twitter: Sergio Aguero - I can't muster words to thank for your concern and with this much support, I'll probably get back up on my feet soon</noframe>
Mancini, however, is ready to move in the market if Agüero's injury sidelines him for a lengthy period, which casts doubt over his move for £28million-rated Roma midfielder Daniele de Rossi.
“If it is a serious injury, we will probably change our plans,” Mancini said. “Maybe he is out for a week, or three or four weeks, or after the international break.
“We hope it is not serious, but at this stage I don't know. I am worried, yes, but we don't know yet. We need to wait for maybe two days for the scans. Usually an injury to the knee is always dangerous, this was strange.”
Efforts to lure De Rossi from Roma are understood to be ongoing, despite the prohibitive price tag placed on the Italy midfielder by the Serie A club. City are also still keen to sign Athletic Bilbao midfielder Javi Martínez, with the Spaniard's proposed move to Bayern Munich yet to be completed.
However, having missed out on Robin van Persie, who went to Manchester United, City could now renew interest in Napoli forward Edinson Cavani or Athletic Bilbao's transfer-seeking striker Fernando Llorente should Agüero's injury lead to a long-term lay-off.
Such an outcome could mean the interest in De Rossi is shelved in favour of adding a new forward, although Mancini dismissed the prospect of out-of-favour strikers Emmanuel Adebayor and Roque Santa Cruz being offered a reprieve at the Etihad.
There was also some concern yesterday over striker Mario Balotelli, who twisted a knee in the post-match warm down and was seen wincing. City sources played down his apparent pain, however.
England winger Adam Johnson was not even included on the substitutes' bench against Southampton, so the 25 year-old is likely to leave City this month, with Sunderland edging ahead of Tottenham and Everton in the race to sign him after offering £10million.
Should Johnson leave, City are expected to sign the Swansea winger Scott Sinclair.
Despite City's eventual victory, they struggled to impress against a Southampton side which was ending a seven-year Premier League exile.
City were forced to overturn a 2-1 second-half deficit to secure the victory, but Mancini insisted he was unconcerned by the flaws in his team's performance.
Mancini said: “We had 20 minutes to the end when we went 2-1 behind, but when you play at the start of the season, it is always difficult.
“Also, we had 15 players away with the national teams in midweek, so only had the all of the players together on Saturday.”
Despite ending the game with nothing to show for their efforts, Southampton manager Nigel Adkins insisted that his players emerged with many positives.
“We've had successive promotions and are used to winning, but we know that it is going to be massively different this season,” Adkins said.
“We have come away from home to play the champions and we wanted to give ourselves a chance to win the game. Our defenders have played against the best forward line they have ever faced and I am proud of their performance today.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 15, 2016, 11:02 AM GMT / Updated April 15, 2016, 11:02 AM GMT / Source: Reuters By Reuters
The world's largest private collection of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia will go up for auction in November, with stage costumes from movies "Some Like it Hot" and "There's No Business Like Show Business" expected to fetch up to $400,000.
A man looks at the wax figure of Marilyn Monroe at Grevin Wax Museum in central Seoul, South Korea, July 30, 2015. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
Julien's Auctions said on Thursday that the collection, owned by Briton David Gainsborough Roberts, is conservatively valued at around $3 million. As well as several costumes and personal wardrobe pieces owned by Monroe, the collection includes posters, jewelry and personal prescriptions.
Gainsborough Roberts has said he began buying Monroe and other memorabilia in 1991 and has amassed what is widely recognized as the largest private collection of the movie icon's film costumes in the world.
Gainsborough Roberts, who is in his 70s, said in a statement he wanted to sell off the collection, which has been stored at his home in Jersey, in the Channel Islands.
"It is now time for me to share this with the world," Gainsborough Roberts said, noting that Monroe would have turned 90 years old in June. The actress died in 1962 at the age of 36.
Highlights of the auction include the sheer black and nude beaded cocktail dress Monroe wore in "Some Like it Hot" in 1959 while singing on top of a grand piano. That is expected to sell for $200,000-$400,000, Julien's said.
The silver and white beaded dress Monroe wore in the 1954 musical "There's No Business Like Show Business" is estimated at $100,000-$200,000, while the green satin leotard she wore in "Bus Stop" could sell for up to $100,000, Julien's said.
Marilyn Monroe is one of the most sought-after celebrities for collectors. The billowing ivory "subway" dress she wore in "The Seven Year Itch" sold for a stage costume record of $5.5 million in 2011.
The auction, to be held in Los Angeles on Nov. 19, will be preceded by exhibitions of key pieces aboard the Queen Mary 2 ocean liner in August, and in London, Los Angeles and other cities.
First Leicester came from a 14th-place finish the season before to win the Premier League title; now Chelsea has come from 10th to do so. It would be lovely to hail this as a new age of egalitarianism, when everybody in the Premier League has a chance of lifting the trophy, but with Chelsea, this season represents what an outlier last season truly was. The question is not how on earth did Chelsea become so good, but how on earth did it get that bad in its 2014-15 title defense? Antonio Conte's achievement in picking up a side that had lost its way, in his first season in English football, is remarkable.
The decisive moment came at the Emirates in late September. Conte, who had a clear preference for a high-pressing game and who had tended to use a back three both with Juventus and the Italy national team, had started the season trying to accommodate himself to a squad that had seemingly been put together with 4-2-3-1 in mind.
He had begun with three fairly routine wins, but Chelsea had then been unfortunate to draw at Swansea. That seemed to provoke a crisis on confidence. It was overwhelmed in midfield by Liverpool at home and lost 2-1. Then it went to Arsenal.
Arsene Wenger finally achieved a decisive victory over rivals that have tormented him for so long, but it turned out he won not widely but too well. Arsenal's superiority stung Conte into radical action. By halftime, Arsenal led 3-0 and was in total control. To stop the bleeding as much as anything else, Conte switched to a back three. That change effectively won the league.
Soccer Managers: When they were players Mark Thompson/Allsport/Getty Images Simon Bruty/Allsport/Getty Images Odd Andersen/AFP/Getty Images Grazia Neri/Allsport/Getty Images Kazuhiro Nogi/AFP/Getty Images Simon Bruty/Allsport/Getty Images Elisenda Roig/Bongarts/Getty Images Shaun Botterill/Allsport/Getty Images Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images Bongarts/Getty Images Adrian Dennis/AFP/Getty Images Firo Photo/Allsport/Getty Images Graham Chadwick/Allsport/Getty Images Damien Meyer/AFP/Getty Images Ruediger Fessel/Getty Images Georges Gobet/AFP/Getty Images Mark Leech/Getty Images 1 of 18 Advertisement
Chelsea won its next 13 games–a Premier League record for consecutive victories within a single season. It was top of the table by early November, and, despite a couple of wobbles recently, it has never really looked like surrendering that position, becoming the first side since Everton in 1962-63 to win the championship using a back three in most games. If it beats relegated Sunderland at home next weekend, it will be only the sixth side in history to reach 90 points for a 38-game season.
The back three, usually protected by N'Golo Kante and Nemanja Matic–although Cesc Fabregas has played there in games Chelsea has expected to dominate–has been decisive. Many mocked the return of David Luiz to the club–and Conte himself seemed skeptical–but protected by two other defenders, the Brazilian has excelled. With the double cover of Cesar Azpilicueta and Gary Cahill, the fact his positional sense sometimes deserts him becomes less relevant, and his natural physical assets and ability on the ball have flourished. Victor Moses, pressed into service in an unfamiliar position at right wingback, and Marcos Alonso have been tireless, offering attacking width as well as defensive cover.
The greatest impact of the 3-4-2-1, though, has come at the other end of the pitch. With a solid platform in the center and players overlapping in wide areas, the two players in the three-quarter line occupy awkward pockets, outside the opposing defensive midfielders, inside the opposing fullbacks, and in front of the opposing central defenders. Pedro and, particularly, Eden Hazard have thrived there: Hazard has scored 15 goals and set up five, while Pedro has scored eight and set up eight. The Belgian, such a disaffected presence last season, is perhaps the most obvious example of the impact of Conte on morale.
Mike Hewitt/Getty Images
Diego Costa, meanwhile, has been his usual awkward, cussed self, leading the line, riling defenders and occasionally conjuring goals from nowhere, although his level has dipped since January. For all the elegance of its team play, one huge advantage Chelsea has had this season has been its capacity to score goals out of, well, the blue. When games seemed to be drifting–at home to West Brom, away to Middlesbrough, away to Crystal Palace–he had a habit of generating goals largely by dint of being Diego Costa in the right areas, forcing mistakes, quickly coming up with half-chances.
It's Kante, though, who has been Chelsea's outstanding player, a deserved recipient of both the players and football writers' Player of the Season awards. Such is his work rate and position that Hazard commented that playing like him is like playing with twins. Leaving aside the strange netherworld of the reserve goalkeeper, he is the first player to win the league with different clubs in successive seasons since Eric Cantona (Mark Schwarzer "accomplished" the feat with Chelsea and Leicester in the last two seasons, though he didn't play a single minute of Premier League football in either campaign).
The change of shape, though is not the only reason to praise Conte. Hazard spoke of the increased “automization” of Chelsea's play since Conte, via the Guus Hiddink interregnum, replaced Jose Mourinho. The Manchester United manager is a master at organizing a defense but imposes nothing like the same level of systematization in attack.
Conte, though, is a devotee of shadow-play–that is, playing without an opponent to get the shape right–of practicing set moves to adapt and apply in practice. Without the distraction of European football, he has been able to spend hours on the training pitch, taking his players through positional drills. The effects have been obvious, particularly in those lightning counters in the games away at Manchester City and West Ham.
Kante, Hazard and Diego Costa have all been outstanding, but more than most this is a success born of the manager. Conte's positivity and purposefulness soon cleared away any lingering toxicity from the final days of Mourinho's reign, and he has come up with a tactical plan that the rest of the league has struggled to counter.
This is Conte's triumph.
Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani, spiritual leader of most Iraqi Shiites, intervened forcefully in Iraqi politics on Thursday and Friday, giving his support to the national army and urging Iraqi men to volunteer to enlist and to fight the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). He termed the hyper-Sunni group, which has taken over the major northern city of Mosul, “terrorists.”
Unlike Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, the head of the religious fundamentalist Da'wa Islamiyah (Islamic Mission) Party, Sistani did not call on private militias or paramilitaries to take up the fight. He specifically urged people to enlist in the national security forces (“al-quwwat al-amniyyah“). Sistani is said to want to improve the morale of the army, which collapsed in Mosul and elsewhere in the Sunni north.
Neither Sistani nor his representative used the word “jihad” (struggle for the faith, which can holy war under certain circumstances), contrary to what many newspapers are reporting. In Shiite Islam most authorities do not believe it is any longer permissible to wage offensive holy war, as opposed to taking defensive action. And he is not calling for vigilanteism or revenge. Sistani carefully used the language of patriotism, not religion. He spoke of citizens defending their country. He did say that Iraqi troops killed in the fight with the would-be al-Qaeda affiliate are considered martyrs to the faith.
On Tuesday, Sistani had issued a statement in which he called on Iraqi politicians to unite in the face of the ISIS challenge and to redouble their efforts in standing against the “terrorists,” and in providing protection to citizens from their evil deeds. He underlined the ayatollahs' support for and backing for the armed forces and urged them to be patient and steadfast in the face of the aggressors. (Sistani is said to have been most dismayed by the way he is Iraqi soldiers ran away from Mosul.)
Sistani clearly considers the rise of radical, Sunni ISIS as of major importance. Sunni fundamentalist fighters have vowed to take the Shiite holy city of Najaf and blow up its shrine.
On Friday, Sistani's representative in the other major holy city, Karbala, gave a Friday prayer sermon elaborating on the written statement. Sheikh Abd al-Mahdi Karbala'i said that in Sistani's view (a view binding on believers who follow him) “It is incumbent on citizens who are able to carry weapons and to fight the terrorists, defending their country, their people and their holy places, to volunteer and to enlist in the security forces so as to achieve this sacred objective.” Many news reports are misreporting Sistani as calling for young men to simply arm themselves and go fight the Sunni extremists. Instead, he is acting as a recruitment agent and cheerleader for the Iraqi national army.
There is nothing sectarian in this call except the need to protect the shrines sacred to the Shiites; but note that many Sunnis revere figures like Ali, the son-in-law and cousin of the Prophet Muhammad, and would be upset to see his mausoleum in Najaf destroyed. Moreover, the puritanical ISIS poses a threat to other holy places such as the mystical Sufi shrines of the Kurds.
Sistani has sometimes been forced to rely on Shiite militias for his own safety, but he does not approve of paramiitaries and wants to see the Iraqi state build responsible army and police.
Shiite Islam in its current majority form is more like Roman Catholicism than it is like Protestantism, but there are some wrinkles. At any one time in the Shiite world outside Iran the faithful typically look to a major grand ayatollah resident in the holy city of Najaf, Iraq, as their spiritual and legal guide or “source for emulation”– i.e. someone whose views and upright behavior should be blindly imitated and obeyed. Although in the 1970s Ayatollah Khomeini in Iran promoted the idea of political intervention by the supreme clerical leader, who he said should be a guardian for society the way someone can be appointed by a judge to be the guardian of a child. Sistani largely rejects this notion, wanting clerics to avoid trying to run the government. He said that guardianship of society can only be achieved if he has the wholehearted support on that point of the people, and holds that a grand ayatollah should only interven in those issues that touch the “structure of society.”
Sistani did intervene to insist in 2003 that the Iraqi constitution must be drafted by an elected constituent assembly of Iraqis, rather than being written by American viceroy Paul Bremer.
One may conclude that Sistani sees Sunni radicals taking over northern Iraq as the biggest crisis since the 2003 invasion of Iraq.
Sistani is enormously popular among Iraqi Shiites and many will in fact risk their lives if he asks it of them.
—–
Related video:
Euronews: “Top Iraqi Shia cleric calls on followers to take up arms”
Democratic presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton might already have her eyes set on the general election match-up against Donald Trump, but WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange believes that the former Secretary of State shouldn't be looking too far ahead yet.
In an exclusive interview with ITV's Peston, Assange appeared to deliver a stern warning to Clinton, saying that his organization is on the verge of leaking more potentially damaging emails from her time as the head of the State Department.
Hillary Clinton is currently the subject of two FBI investigations — one for public corruption and the other for espionage — and Assange reckons that imminent leaks dealing with both of those investigations could provide the FBI with enough material to indict the Democratic presumptive nominee.
“We have upcoming leaks in relation to Hillary Clinton. We've accumulated a lot of material about Clinton. We could proceed to an indictment.”
Assange's revelations will likely be met with discomfiture at Clinton's camp, who have overseen their candidate develop a particularly acrimonious relationship with the WikiLeaks founder over the years.
In March, WikiLeaks released a searchable archive of 30,322 emails sent to and from Hillary Clinton's private email server while she was Secretary of State, which, although establishing that Clinton had not been entirely truthful about her alleged misuse of the private server, nonetheless proved eventually fruitless in derailing her campaign.
null
But Julian Assange believes that the upcoming batch of emails will be more damaging.
According to the WikiLeaks founder, the emails that are pending publication highlight not only Clinton's deliberate misuse of classified information in alliance with her aides at the State Department, but they also bring into sharp focus the operations of the Clinton Foundation, which has been under attack recently for allegedly circumventing proper accounting protocols to the financial benefit of the Clintons.
Charles Ortel, a Wall Street whistle-blower who has been keeping close tabs on the transactions of the Clinton Foundation, recently described it as the biggest “charity fraud” to have been perpetrated in the modern history of the United States.
And Assange believes that the upcoming email leaks contain strong material that would be damaging to Hillary Clinton.
“There's very strong material, both in the emails and in relation to the Clinton Foundation,” Assange said.
null
Moreover, Assange outlined his reservations on Hillary Clinton's potential presidency, describing the Democratic presumptive nominee as a “liberal war hawk” who firmly believes in curbing the freedom of the press. Citing Clinton's attempts to prosecute his organization for revealing her role in Obama's aggressive foreign policy during his first tenure, Assange said that her emails showed Hillary Clinton ignored warnings by the Pentagon not to go ahead with the execution of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi.
According to the emails, the Pentagon was reluctant to overthrow Gaddafi in light of the unstable political atmosphere prevailing in Libya, but Clinton's insistence to push ahead with the execution, Assange argues, is what eventually resulted in ISIL becoming successful in making political and military inroads in North Africa.
“They [Pentagon] predicted that the postwar outcome would be something like it is.. [but] she has a long history of being a liberal war hawk,” Assange said.
This version of events seems consistent with Barack Obama's recent admission that he considers ousting Gaddafi as the biggest mistake of his presidential tenure.
null
While Julian Assange maintained that WikiLeaks will go ahead with the release of new Clinton emails, which potentially contain enough material to indict her, he said it is highly unlikely that the U.S. attorney general, Loretta Lynch, would indict Clinton, according to the Guardian.
“She's not going to indict Hillary Clinton, that's not possible. It's not going to happen. But the FBI can push for concessions from a Clinton government,” Assange said.
Assange predicted that the FBI would make deals with the prospective U.S. government (led by Clinton) in return for not indicting her.
It remains to be seen exactly how damning the new set of emails would be for Hillary Clinton, but if WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange's warnings are anything to go by, Clinton's email woes are far from over.
[Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images]
Chicago police say two gunmen attacked a crowd on a park basketball court, with at least 13 people injured in the shooting, including three-year-old, their conditions from serious to critical. The gunmen haven't been taken into custody yet.
Chicago Fire Department officials report the child is in critical condition.
“They hit the light pole next to me, but I ducked down and ran into the house,” Julian Harris, uncle of the wounded child, said. “They've been coming round here looking for people to shoot every night, just gang-banging stuff. It's what they do.”
A witness at the scene told the Chicago Tribune that three police officers carried the child to an ambulance.
"I didn't hear any sounds from the child,” the witness said.
The aunt of the boy who was shot told local reporters that her brother was killed on Labor Day at the beginning of September in Chicago, too. It's her second relative affected by gun violence this month.
Two other victims were also in critical condition, officials say.
A crowd gathers near the scene of the shooting pic.twitter.com/0KiuPh8TU6 — Brandon Wall (@Walldo) September 20, 2013
A witness told the Chicago Sun-Times that dreadlocked men shot at him from a gray sedan before turning toward Cornell Square Park and firing at other people in the area.
The attack took place about 10:15 pm local time, and fire officials called an Emergency Medical Services Plan II, sending at least 10 ambulances to the scene.
About 60 police officers were also deployed.
There were no immediate reports of fatalities, Chicago police officer Amina Greer told Reuters, and no one is currently in custody in connection with the shooting.
The territory where the shooting took place is cordoned off.
Chicago has been torn by gun violence in recent years, racking up more than 500 murders in 2012, according to a report this week by the FBI.
By comparison, New York City, which has a population three times the size of Chicago, recorded 419 murders in 2012, the FBI said.
51st & Wood (Chicago Park): EMS PLAN 2 (10+ ambos) for the multiple shooting victims pic.twitter.com/sI6fkyLL6b — Paris Lewbel (@plewbel) September 20, 2013
Hi folks, We've got some tuning-level changes to AD itemization coming in Midseason. I wanted to give some context on those changes, since they've hit PBE today. All changes are currently tentative and there's a good chance you'll see further tuning before they go live in the Midseason patch. **Armor Penetration** There's more armor penetration/shred in the system than really ought to exist - 52% armor pen is a pretty common stopping point these days, and many champions add a Black Cleaver and/or some Lethality to that. With so much armor penetration in the system, defensive items have to be tuned to be pretty crazy before they're worth buying at all. We'll be reducing the overall amount of armor that can be ignored through item purchases, and putting that power into other sources like Critical Strike itemization, the Giant Slayer effect, and big AD purchases. **Life Steal Items** Looking to balance out the Life Steal items against each other. Our assessment is that Blade of the Ruined King is a bit more powerful than an item should really be, so we'll be trimming that a bit. At the same time, we don't want to just balance it down to be equal with the other Life Steal items, which are likely weaker than they ought to be given the way the game is shifting. We're looking to land all the items somewhere in the middle ground. Look for a small nerf to Blade of the Ruined King and small buffs to Bloodthirster, Death's Dance, and Ravenous Hydra (which has sadly fallen a bit behind its Titanic cousin :/ ). **Early Marksman Build Path** We're testing buffs to Zeal and Infinity Edge aimed at smoothing out the first two purchases for critical strike users. We're targeting a reasonable 1-and-a-half item spike into a fairly strong 2 item spikes. This will likely just be cost adjustments to Zeal itself and to Infinity Edge, making it easier to get to IE + Zeal as a power spike than before. **Zeal Upgrade Tuning** We're taking this opportunity to tune the four Zeal items – Runaan's Hurricane, Phantom Dancer, Statikk Shiv, and Rapid Firecannon. The goal here will be both balancing them against each other and making their unique identities more clear and better differentiated. On live, Runaan's Hurricane is the best AOE damage option, has the best build path, and is often the best single target sustained damage option of the four thanks to its on hit damage. Look for a new build path more in line with the other items, plus the loss of on-hit damage in favor of a higher AD ratio on the secondary bolts - Hurricane will still be a powerful sustained AOE damage tool. We're currently exploring some changes to Rapid Firecannon and Statikk Shiv to sharpen their identities and to make the combination of the two more compelling – Rapid Firecannon charges Energized effects (itself, Shiv, and Warlord's Bloodlust) faster but deals less burst damage, increasing its usefulness in long range engagements, while Statikk Shiv deals considerably increased burst damage to champions. Phantom Dancer's already meeting its goals pretty well, so no changes planned (except making it cost the same amount of gold as the other three.) **Executioner's Calling** Current assessment is that Executioner's is too powerful as a lane counter to certain champions, but the passive is an important release valve against sustain-based champions later in the game. We're exploring ways of making it more costly to access that power early in the game, either with a direct cost increase or by making it less reliable.
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Today, Oculus kicks off its fourth annual Connect developers conference, where the Facebook-owned company will set the tone for virtual reality development in 2018. Connect will be capping off what's arguably been the quietest year for virtual reality since the original Rift development kit shipped in 2013. After the first series of big-name headsets were released in 2016, VR's immediate post-launch buzz is long gone. But to developers who are still building for the medium, that doesn't mean VR is over — just that they've got a long way to go before hitting the mainstream.
While we don't know exactly how many VR headsets each major platform has sold overall, it's estimated to be somewhere in the multimillion range. The Gear VR has shipped over 5 million units, PlayStation VR sold 1 million headsets by mid-2017, and Google's Daydream app has been installed on at least 1 million phones (though that doesn't directly translate to headset sales). Analysts estimated that Oculus Rift and HTC Vive sales each numbered in the hundreds of thousands as of earlier this year, although sources have said Oculus' summer sales put it closer to a million units. An analysis of Steam virtual reality game sales by VR developer Tristan Parrish Moore also suggests a nascent market there, with a few big VR-optional titles and a lot of games with between 1,000 and 50,000 owners — a tiny number compared to broader PC sales.
This doesn't surprise developers. I talked to over a dozen people creating VR interactive experiences who were still bullish on their chosen field, but who acknowledged that it would take years, and possibly another generation of hardware, for it to approach mass adoption. They cited a combination of cost, inconvenience, and a shortage of good content on all platforms. “We were not expecting that VR would fully arrive this year or last year. We think it's going to take a couple more years,” says Harmonix CEO Steve Janiak, whose studio is behind Rock Band VR, Harmonix Music VR, and VR karaoke game SingSpace. “But it's such a transformative technology and the kinds of experiences you can deliver are so unique in VR that I find it difficult to think that it won't catch on eventually.”
“I find it difficult to think that it won't catch on eventually.”
The people I spoke to saw their work on VR as a future investment or a side project, not a major source of funding, for the near term. Harmonix, for instance, was able to make Rock Band VR with support from Oculus, which has published several of the best-known VR games. “Relative to the installation base, I'm pretty happy with how Rock Band VR has performed” on the Rift, says Janiak. But it's still a tiny game compared with the core Rock Band entries. Similarly, Otherside Entertainment, which is currently working on the non-VR title System Shock 3, released its VR game Underworld Overlord with support from Google.
Some major publishers have gotten involved in VR, including Ubisoft, which has released three VR titles — Eagle Flight, Werewolves Within, and Star Trek: Bridge Crew — for various platforms. Ubisoft VP of partnerships Chris Early didn't say whether any of the company's games have broken even, but characterized its work as “definitely an investment.” On a smaller scale, you'll also find VR games from indie studios like Tequila Works, which released the interactive mystery Invisible Hours yesterday for Vive, PlayStation VR, and Oculus Rift. But the studio is better known for non-VR games Rime and Deadlight, and CEO Raul Rubio says the company isn't thinking about sales. “Let's be honest, nobody expects to sell half a million copies of a VR title,” he says.
That doesn't mean you can't run a studio focused on virtual reality, or make money off VR games. “It's certainly possible to be profitable making VR games right now, but you have to scope both your team and application size properly,” says Nick Whiting, technical director of virtual and augmented reality at Epic Games. “If you go too big, you can't recoup your cost with today's install base. If you go too small, the content isn't compelling enough to sell to a large enough customer base.” Whiting says the sweet spot is around 10 people working for a year; if they cover enough platforms to get a sizable market, or branch out into industrial and business VR, “there's hope.”
At least one studio has gone significantly beyond that: Survios, creator of cooperative VR shooter Raw Data. Survios has a team of around 80 people and focuses entirely on virtual reality, which co-founder and chief creative officer James Iliff calls “the ultimate entertainment medium.” Raw Data was a (relatively) high-selling HTC Vive game, and Survios has parlayed its success into strong relationships with investors: in December, it completed a $50 million funding round that Road to VR wrote made it the top-funded purely VR-focused development studio. Since then, it's focused on bringing Raw Data to other home VR platforms, including PlayStation VR later this month, and expanding to public arcades.
“You sell a ticket, and people understand that.”
This move outside the home is increasingly common, whether in the form of arcades or larger, more theme park-like installations. Utah startup The Void has partnered with Sony Pictures Entertainment and ILMxLAB to create “hyper-reality” experiences based respectively on Ghostbusters and Star Wars, blending VR headset graphics with physical sets and effects. Location-based entertainment is particularly attractive to film companies like Sony Pictures, which control big franchises that have appeal independent of VR. Yesterday, the company expanded an existing deal with immersive media company Reality One, and will be releasing an experience based on its upcoming film Jumanji for VRX Networks' public VR kiosks.
“One of the reasons that I think location-based VR is quite important right now is because the business model's quite straightforward,” says ILMxLAB marketing and PR head Elizabeth Walker. “You sell a ticket, and people understand that.” You don't need to convince people to buy a headset, and experiences can be fairly short, compared to a home VR game. But location-based VR comes with its own set of challenges, particularly once the initial novelty of an experience fades.
Moving off the headset, though, is usually the easiest choice. Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes is one of the most successful and critically acclaimed VR titles, but Steel Crate Games co-founder Ben Kane suspects that on Steam, the game's biggest platform, far more people are playing the non-VR version than the VR one. “I'd be surprised if it wasn't at least ten to one,” he says. Similarly, Rubio says Tequila Works is interested in releasing a non-VR version of Invisible Hours, so more people could experience the story. As mobile augmented reality grows with platforms like Apple's ARKit and Google's ARCore, some developers are also adapting VR experiences for phone-based AR.
The early trend of adding VR support to first-person games has largely ebbed, since walking with a keyboard or analog stick in VR tends to induce nausea. But for games that have already included it, there does seem to be some crossover appeal. Myst spiritual sequel Obduction offers a VR option, and Cyan CEO Rand Miller says that a small contingent of “avid VR players” play close to 75 percent of the game — which can take 20 to 30 hours to beat — in a headset. Others choose to split their time between screens and headsets, depending on whether they're trying to solve a puzzle or simply looking around the world.
All this points a way forward for VR creators, but it also creates an incentive to avoid exploring VR's wilder possibilities, in favor of making something that can be safely ported to another platform. Lucky's Tale developer Playful Corp, for instance, focuses explicitly on big-budget games that work both inside and outside a headset, avoiding specialized control systems like Oculus Touch. Its latest game, the upcoming platformer Star Child, is made for both PlayStation VR and flat screens. “As a creator, I very much believe in the power of fully embracing a new technology or platform and creating things that could only exist on that platform. But now's not the time to do that for VR,” says CEO Paul Bettner.
“I very much believe in the power of fully embracing a new technology ... Now's not the time to do that for VR.”
What could change this? Beyond simple price drops, we might need to see VR headsets that are easier to set up, like the Windows Mixed Reality headsets that are supposed to ship to consumers this holiday season. Wireless, self-contained headsets are another step, as long as they can provide an experience that's comparable to existing tethered devices. But really, nobody knows where VR is headed, or how big it will end up being.
Survios, Harmonix, and Ubisoft all have VR titles lined up for the coming year, and ILMxLAB and Sony Pictures are both committed to releasing home-based VR experiences and location-based ones. Otherside is interested in building more experiences on an “opportunistic” basis, if the right idea appears. Few people, though, seem clear on when studios might break even on VR-only titles. For now, the goal is weathering VR's long slow period, ready to come out of the gate with good games when more people start buying headsets.
Whiting dismissed what he called the “doomsday” predictions about virtual reality. “Many are saying the VR fad is dead because we didn't reach the astronomically high initial projections of a few hyped speculators,” he says. “Most of the boots-on-the-ground members of the industry have more measured expectations. … People still believe in the medium, and they're finding viable areas of the industry in which to earn money. As long as that trend continues, I think we'll be in a good place.” But “belief” has been a key word in VR for years now — and if 2017 was any indication, it might still be for years to come.
As part of this project, I'd like to validate the path of the file that's provided with passwords, i.e. pwds <- case cfgPasswords of Just passPath -> (map (Just . T.unpack) . lines) <$> readFileUtf8 passPath , in the case that the path for the file is not valid I'd like to log a message to that effect to the console.
How to accomplish this in Haskell?
logf' "Log level is {}" [show logLevel] setLogLevel logLevel debugf' "Configuration: {}" [show cfg] ncpus <- getNumProcessors logf' "Utilizing {} core(s)" [ncpus] setNumCapabilities ncpus pwds <- case cfgPasswords of Just passPath -> (map (Just . T.unpack) . lines) <$> readFileUtf8 passPath Nothing -> return $ replicate (length cfgPublicKeys) Nothing when (length cfgPublicKeys /= length cfgPrivateKeys) $ errorL' "The same amount of public keys and private keys must be specified" when (length cfgPublicKeys /= length pwds) $ errorL' "The same amount of passwords must be included in the passwords file as the number of private keys. (If a private key has no password, include a blank line.)" when (cfgPort == 0) $ errorL' "A listening port must be specified with 'port' in the configuration file or --port at runtime"
Los Angeles
ALGORITHMS, as you probably know, are the computer programs that infer from your profile (in the case of Facebook) and from the content of your e-mails (in the case of Gmail) your interests and preferences, enabling ads to be displayed to the customers most likely to be interested in specific products. This feature is prized by advertisers and accounts for the multibillion-dollar value of the most successful Web networks.
The algorithms are programmed, I believe, to get to know us better over time, and rather than resent the invasion of privacy I have come to feel a grudging respect for, and even a growing sense of intimacy with, my own personal algorithm. You have to admire, for example, the inventive audacity of a program that would read an e-mail someone sent me about “Holocaust deniers” and think that I might be shopping for a Holistic Dentist.
And when I conceded in an e-mail that something “was cheeky of me ...” I found it rather endearing that the algorithm tried to sell me a New Razor from Gillette ®. I had a similar reaction when a reference to the fine actor Christopher Plummer produced: Get a Plumbing Quote Now. Find a local Plumber.
Of course, these slightly off-base pitches have a certain logic that is easy to discern, revealing, more than anything else, the program's digital dyslexia.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The algorithm seemed more insightful when the board of a nonprofit foundation on which I serve began discussing the possibilities for their first-ever fund-raising event in an exchange of thoughtful and creative e-mails and, from its depths of knowledge and experience, the program offered: “Beverly Hills Psychologist: Dr. Ryan specializes in types of self-destructive behavior.” You have to appreciate an algorithm that has your back.
It's a tale as old as time— at least in science fiction. A beautiful woman wakes up in a scary new world, unable to grasp the basic day-to-day activities of life. She could be a robot, or a mermaid, or a goddamn Messiah sent by aliens. It doesn't matter, she'll always latch onto the first schlub she sees. Because she was “Born Sexy Yesterday.”
An interesting video from YouTuber Jonathan McIntosh, as Pop Culture Detective, dives into a common trope of female characters who have the minds of children but the bodies of mature women. There are plenty of reasons why this trope exists and why it thrives in the scifi genre, but the main purpose of it (at least according to the video) is the male power fantasy. It's the idea that a sexy yet virginal woman needs a man to explain the basic fundamentals of being a person, making her dependent on him. It doesn't matter how unremarkable he is, she'll always find him fascinating, because she's never known anyone else.
Advertisement
Of course, there are examples of male characters who fall into the trope of naive newcomer (Buddy from Elf comes to mind), but oftentimes it's played for laughs, and the woman ends up serving as a sort of motherly surrogate... which is far from sexy, although it probably depends on who you ask. In any case, it's far more likely to be a male fantasy, and that can result in female characters who are basically Manic Pixie Dream Girls with fewer pairs of giant headphones and more surprising karate moves. Check out the video below.
[YouTube]
646.490.0350
Computer Forensics Investigations For New York
Specializing in finding evidence for Divorce Cases, Employment Related Cases and Suspected Hacking...
What You Should Do...
Call for a consultation 646.490.0350
Computer forensics for New York attorneys, law firms, and individuals...
Computer forensics: New York Computer forensic investigations,
evidence analysis, e-discovery
Are you involved in a divorce case and need to find evidence of infidelity or cheating?Concerned about an employee stealing proprietary information or a wrongful termination suit Do you believe your computer, server or cell phone has been hacked or a keylogger installed?You should identify ALL electronic devices that may contain potential evidence like computers, laptops, external hard drives, servers, cell phones and smart phones. These may contain incriminating evidence or correspondence that will help document and prove your case. Once identified, it is highly recommended that a forensic image be created for each of these devices or computers so that the evidence is preserved for use in proving your case.Although you may not need to proceed with an examination of these devices to prove your case in court, you can rest assured that evidence crucial to your case has been collected and preserved properly. New York computer forensic services With more than ten years of experience, our investigators are experts at gathering and analyzing electronically stored evidence from most computer hardware, peripherals, operating systems and applications, A computer forensic investigation uncovers digital evidence from all types of documents, internet history, computer log files and email correspondence.house painting services Miamipainting contractors Maricopa AZpainting East Lansing MIhouse painting services Moorheadpainting homesGivemeback.orghouse painting services in Boca RatonGive me BackGivemeback.orgpainting servicespainting homesinterior house paintingpaintershouse painting services Goodyearhouse painting Fort Wayne INhouse painting services Concordpainting in MariettaGivemeback.orghouse painting services Meridianhouse painting serviceshouse painting services Kentwood MIhouse painting services in Honolulu HIGive me BackIn virtually every legal case, critical and relevant evidence is stored electronically on computers, external hard drives, thumb drives, CDs, DVDs and cell phones. Proper collection and examination of this evidence is critical to avoid spoliation, preserve evidence, and mitigate risk. computer forensic investigation involves the acquisition, preservation and analysis of electronic evidence from computers, storage media and electronic devices so that it can be used in court to prove your case. Digital evidence for use in litigation can be found by uncovering data trails from emails, document modification and looking for data and files that have been copied or transferred to external devices: thumb drives and external hard drives. Locating these data trails and identifying time / date stamps must be done in a forensically sound manner so that evidentiary status is maintained in the process.If proper processes and procedures are not followed, you run the risk of jeopardizing your case because the court may disallow your evidence. For more details and information about our services, please see the following: Electronic evidence acquisition
South African gold medalist Cameron van der Burgh admitted to taking extra underwater kicks during his 100-meter breaststroke victory last week at the Olympics, an illegal move that would have earned him a disqualification if the judges on deck had seen it.
Swimmers are allowed one underwater dolphin kick during their underwater breaststroke pullouts. Replays show Van der Burgh took three on the start.
He told the Sydney Morning Herald that he took extra kicks, but says he's not the only one.
”If you're not doing it, you're falling behind,” he said. “It's not obviously – shall we say – the moral thing to do, but I'm not willing to sacrifice my personal performance and four years of hard work for someone that is willing to do it and get away with it.”
Allowing dolphin kicks during breaststroke is relatively new. The rules were changed, in part, because of four-time gold medalist Kosuke Kitajima, a Japanese breaststroke star who routinely added rogue kicks to his underwater. These kicks angered rivals, like American, Brendan Hansen. Then the rule was changed to allow one. But the old “give ‘em an inch” rule came into play and now breaststrokers are trying to sneak in as many kicks as possible, hoping to do it without drawing the attention of officials.
”It's got to the sort of point where if you're not doing it you're falling behind or your giving yourself a disadvantage so everyone's pushing the rules and pushing the boundaries, so if you're not doing it, you're not trying hard enough,” the South African said.
Van der Burgh can get away with the kicks because there is no underwater video review of swimming races. After testing the technology at a meet in 2010, FINA, the international swimming body, has yet to incorporate it in international meets.
After these comments and the potential uproar they'll create, expect that to change by next year's world championships.
These are a good concept however I would like to have the built-up amiiBo as a playable character but they are AI only. On the other hand these can be much more difficult that the cpu lvl 9 for advanced players ( not like me ) I still rarely get to touch the ground . These are excellent for players who cannot or will not play online and want a smash game with a skilled opponent. These will adapt to beat you and further adapt if you learn to counter them. This may be only because I am terrible at smash lol but these things are good for a tenner as they have multiple use in game. They cannot go online tho which would have been good but I can understand why they are not online probably because of leader boards .
Shabir visits hospitals in Samba, Kathua, meets Dengue patients
JAMMU, Oct 9: Minister of State for Health, Shabir Ahmed Khan, today visited various hospitals in Samba and Kathua districts to take stock of treatment being extended to Dengue patients.
Shabir interacted with the patients and enquired them about the medical facilities being provided in these hospitals.
The Minister visited Primary Health Centre Bari Brahmana, Government Emergency Hospital Vijaypur, District Hospital Samba, Sub District Hospital Hiranagar and District Hospital Kathua to know about the status of dengue patients there. He directed the doctors in these medical institutions to leave no stone unturned in extending the best medicare to the patients.
The Minister was accompanied by Commissioner Secretary Health and Medical Education Gazanfar Hussain, Director Health Services Baljit Pathania, Mission Director NRHM Yashpal Sharma, Director AIDS Control Madhu Khullar besides other senior doctors.
While speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that all possible efforts are being taken by the health functionaries to combat this disease in the state. He directed the concerned for raising awareness among the people about the disease besides telling them in detail the preventive measures.
Shabir said that teams with anti-mosquito spray are visiting the affected areas where positive cases have been detected. They are spraying insecticide for mosquito control in different areas from where dengue cases have been reported. He further said samples are being collected in designated hospitals, transported by department and being tested at tertiary-level laboratory. Besides, treatment for dengue patients is being provided at various hospitals of Jammu division.
He, however, added that complicated cases are being treated in Government Hospital, Gandhi Nagar, Sarwal, and Government Medical College, Jammu.
At Hiranagar Sub District hospital, the Minister asked the concerned to seek explanation from CMO, Kathua, for lack of required healthcare facilities especially for dengue patients in the institution. He also imposed fine of Rs. 1000 on BMO Hiranagar for laxity on his part towards his duties.
Later, he convened a meeting at district hospital Kathua to review the situation arisen due to the spread of Dengue besides discussing measures to further streamline functioning of health institutions to deal with the situation effectively. District Development Commissioner, Kathua, was also present on the occasion.
The Minister also inspected pace of progress on new block being constructed in DH Samba at an estimated cost of Rs. 11 crore.
Last week I wrote a somewhat tongue-in-cheek “open letter” to the as-yet-unannounced director of Episode 7. It was more to get my concerns off my chest than an expectation said director would ever see it. But with the official announcement that J.J. Abrams has stepped up to the plate to kickstart this new generation of Star Wars films, it suddenly becomes much more plausible that we could reach out to him. I know he's a fan like us, that he's savvy about the online film community and the people in it, and shown a capacity for recognizing talented individuals in the community — like Andrew Kramer and Wes Ball — and a willingness to reach out to them and let them play with him.
And so I write to J.J. Abrams without my tongue in my cheek, but with all hope and sincerity: Mr. Abrams, my friends and I would very much like to play.
Over the last ten years, I and some of my close friends have made a number of lightsaber fight scenes which have made the rounds and gained some popularity. Being a fan and someone with his finger on the pulse of online fandom, it's entirely possible you've seen one or more of them, but I'd rather err on the side of assuming you haven't, and link them for you here:
For all I know there's not a single lightsaber to be found, much less any lightsaber fighting, in the story of Episode 7. But if there is lightsaber fighting, it would mean the world to us to have the opportunity to be involved.
I know that as the man at the helm of Star Wars you'll have your pick of stunt coordinators and fight choreographers, and we're not the only ones clamoring for your attention and begging to work on the new film. I also know, from watching behind-the-scenes featurettes and listening to you talk, that you still understand what it is to love and have passion for what you do, and that you know how much it means to a young filmmaker to have that same passion recognized. You could find others to choreograph your fights, but you won't find anyone with more love for it than we bring. To be involved at all would be beyond an honor — it would be life-changing. And if you put your faith in us, I promise we'll make you — and the fan community — proud.
I most sincerely hope this finds its way to you, Mr. Abrams, and that you seriously consider letting us be even a small part of this new adventure.
Jordan Press, The Canadian Press
Canada's temporary foreign workers program is rife with oversight problems that appear to have allowed lower-paid international workers to take jobs that out-of-work Canadians could fill, the federal auditor general says.
Michael Ferguson's examination of the controversial program, part of a battery of spring audits tabled Tuesday, details a litany of problems.
Employers hired temporary foreign workers without first proving they had exhausted all options with the domestic workforce, Ferguson found. At times, requests for temporary help were approved for head-scratching reasons that officials didn't challenge.
Officials didn't use government data on Canada's labour market that could have helped to ensure employers were being truthful in their applications, the report says. Nor did officials effectively crack down on companies that were found to have run afoul of the rules.
Few on-site inspections or face-to-face interviews with the foreign workers themselves were conducted, it continues. Even when corrective action was recommended, it took months for all the necessary approvals.
In one case, a person was allowed to hire a caregiver for an elderly parent even though they had not tried to recruit a Canadian, as is required, because they wanted "someone who is trustworthy and with the ability to work without supervision."
The result is that some companies may have effectively built a business model on the program partly because officials failed to challenge obvious red flags auditors found in about 40 per cent of the cases reviewed.
"They were taking employers at their word. They weren't questioning the employers, the application that employers put forward to get approval to hire a temporary foreign worker," Ferguson told a news conference.
Ferguson's team also found that over 80 per cent laid off Canadian workers at companies in the fish processing sector were claiming employment insurance at the same time the companies were employing temporary foreign workers.
Some fish and seafood processing plants told officials that they needed temporary foreign workers because Canadians had quit their positions because of the conditions or difficulty of the work.
"If ever there were an abuse in the minds of Canadians that's a horror story, this is it," said NDP MP David Christopherson.
"The new government came in and said they were going to fix it, they were going to make things OK -- and what we're seeing here is they're still not there."
Labour Minister Patty Hajdu said the Liberal government plans to implement all of Ferguson's recommendations to beef up oversight of applications, enact stricter recruitment requirements for low-wage jobs, and enforcement activities like unannounced inspections. Hajdu blamed the Conservatives for problems outlined in Ferguson's review, which looked at data between 2013 and mid-2016.
"The temporary foreign worker program should be used as a last resort when businesses can't find qualified Canadians to fill those jobs," Hajdu said.
"We believe that every employer must comply with strict program rules before they can access a foreign worker and that's why we brought forward meaningful changes."
The previous Conservative government overhauled the program in 2014 in a bid to ensure the program worked as intended: to help companies fill job vacancies only when qualified Canadians couldn't be found for the work, and only when it didn't negatively affect the local labour market.
Between 2013 and 2015, the number of temporary foreign workers in Canada dropped from 163,000 to just over 90,000, a result of the 2014 changes and the economic downturn.
The Liberals plan to spend $304 million over five years to ensure employers comply with program rules, including new rules introduced late last year that include stricter recruitment requirements.
The Liberals also plan to eliminate fees for families looking to hire a foreign caregiver.
Ferguson's auditors note a problem with the caregiver program that spending alone may not be able to help.
The audit says that the caregiver stream of the program could be used as an immigration loophole for families to reunite in Canada, rather than fill a labour shortage.
The audit team said that a 2015 internal departmental report found such practices wouldn't constitute abuse, since there was no policy or regulations to addressed them.
(A) Importance maps (indicating thetop 1% offeatures)computed forwithin-subject classification of six basic emotions in the imagery experiment from []. (B) Partial least-squares regression coefficients indicate voxels in which activation reliably predicts the music-and film-evoked emotional states in independent subjects from []. (C) Intensity maps from the Bayesian Spatial Point Process model developed from the peak coordinates of 148 neuroimaging studies of emotion []. The intensity maps indicate the expected number of activations from studies assigned to each emotion category. The confusion matrices indicate the correspondence between ground truth and predicted labels. In general, most entries fall along the diagonal indicating good performance, with few errors between similarly valenced emotions (e.g., fear, anger, and sadness). (A) reproduced, with permission, from []; right panel of (B) reproduced, with permission, from []; (C) reproduced, with permission, from [].
Citizens of the Nisga'a Nation in British Columbia have had private property rights since 2012 and, despite what doomsayers have said for years, the sky has not fallen. If anything, anecdotal evidence finds that people on the reserve are looking into using their land to build businesses and secure rental properties.
In 2009, the Nisga'a was the first indigenous community in Canada to experiment with individual “fee simple” property ownership. Fee simple estate is the highest form of property ownership, where land can be bought, sold, transferred or willed to whomever the owner wishes. However, governments can still regulate land use, collect property taxes, exercise police action and expropriate that land for public purposes.
The Nisga'a Landholding Transition Act applies only to Nisga'a citizens, and the land in question must be zoned residential and have an area no greater than 0.2 hectares. The Nisga'a government said this was done to ensure that the benefits of land ownership go to Nisga'a families, rather than the land-development industry. The Nisga'a government also quickly noted that the land designated residential, and hence eligible for fee simple ownership, comprised only 100 hectares, or .05 per cent of total Nisga'a lands. This situation is quite far from some sort of mass “privatization” of lands.
According to Diane Cragg, registrar of land titles for the Nisga'a Lisims government, there have been 32 parcels granted fee simple ownership since 2012, and a further 21 offers are being processed. Cragg wrote that there are eight mortgages registered against these parcels and there have been no defaults. Sure, it's a short period since the act has been in force, but this should assuage critics who spread fears of foreclosures eroding collective title. Cragg further stated that two national banks and one credit union currently offer mortgages to owners of fee simple title registered in the Nisga'a Land Title Office.
Cragg stressed that the Nisga'a Land Title Office, like any provincial or territorial land title office, does not collect information on exactly why new property owners seek mortgage funds. Over time, it will be important to see how this new ability to own property affects the overall Nisga'a economy. But, in the meantime, the evidence points to an orderly rollout of residential lots to Nisga'a citizens for a variety of purposes.
The Nisga'a made headlines when they signed one of the most comprehensive and far-reaching constitutionally protected modern treaties in Canada. They are now setting an example for other First Nations by allowing their own indigenous citizens what most Canadians take for granted: the ability to own their own home.
In 2010, I travelled to the Nisga'a territory to complete a project on how their self-government agreement impacted perceptions of governance and services. I encountered a number of Nisga'a residents who were excited about gaining private ownership of their homes. The Nisga'a Nation wants a functioning market economy, and that includes private property as a cornerstone. The evidence linking property rights with economic prosperity is pretty conclusive.
In her previous role as B.C. regional chief for the Assembly of First Nations, Justice Minister Jody Wilson-Raybould said the Nisga'a experiment was “one example among a number of examples of how private interests are being created on First Nations lands,” and stressed that, “Each individual nation has to determine for itself what form of land tenure system it wants to establish, moving beyond the Indian Act. This was our choice.”
The Liberal government should heed and respect the wishes of First Nations without modern treaties like the Nisga'a's that want to experiment with fee simple property ownership. At least one First Nation in B.C. has expressed interest. Why not start there?
National Post
Joseph Quesnel is a senior fellow with the Fraser Institute.
Kick-Ass DevOps Wanted
We have 3 positions available: Scripting Automation
PDQ Product Support
Senior IT Security
We're looking for … blah blah… self starter… blah blah … proficient… blah blah… synergy… yadda yadda yadda.
OK, now that we've covered every other job description on the planet, let's really tell you what we're looking for.
While they are different roles, the qualifications for all of our DevOps positions have quite a bit of overlap. Therefore, our process is to look for the same type of person.
We're seeking Windows system administrators who don't cower in the corner when it comes to troubleshooting Active Directory, DNS, or general Windows OS problems. Seasoned IT professionals who love speaking with like-minded geeks and have impressive t-shirt collections. (Sweat rings and gravy stains are a bonus.)
Maybe you've worked in an IT department, or perhaps provided technical support on a helpdesk (more than just password resets). You have created and/or managed Windows domains. When you hear the term “Trust Relationship”, your first thoughts are related to Active Directory and not a support group for lonely, misguided, slightly-awkward IT admins. You understand business computing and you possess the unique ability to communicate that knowledge efficiently in the English language (both written and verbal).
A successful candidate will be able to learn our software very quickly; an ideal candidate will already be using it.
Qualifications
Strong background with Windows desktop and server support in a business environment.
Strong understanding of Active Directory, including GPOs, security groups, Windows firewall settings, etc.
Strong background with Systems Management tools such as PDQ Deploy, PDQ Inventory, SCCM, LANDesk, Tivoli, ZENWorks, etc.
Strong understanding of software deployment methodology such as silent installations, registry modification, MSI, etc.
Experience supporting basic networking. No need for CISCO certs, just some good practical knowledge. You know, like can you tell a difference between a subnet and a fishnet.
Scripting experience (.BAT, PowerShell, BASH, etc.) is a plus.
Excellent verbal and written skills in the English language.
Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills.
We have a great work environment here in downtown Salt Lake City. Each employee has his/her own office (yes, with a door that can be kept open or closed). We have awesome benefits and take care of our own.
We are offering relocation to Salt Lake City. We are not able to relocate internationally and we do not sponsor visas, so you must be able to legally work in the US. This job is 100% on-site. We do not have remote workers.
To get started please fill out this form and we'll send you an email outlining our hiring process. It's unique, and very effective for finding talented folks.
The bombing was just one in a series of coordinated attacks that day on judges, politicians, law enforcement officials, and others in eight cities nationwide. About a month earlier, in late April, radicals had also mailed over 30 booby trap dynamite-filled bombs to a prominent politicians and appointees, including the Attorney General of the United States, as well as justice officials, newspaper editors and businessmen, such as John D. Rockefeller, and the mayor of Seattle, Washington. Among all the bombs addressed to high-level officials, one bomb was notably addressed to the home of a Federal Bureau of Investigation field agent once tasked with investigating the Galleanists, Rayme Weston Finch, who in 1918 had arrested two prominent Galleanists while leading a police raid on the offices of their publication Cronaca Sovversiva. Though no one was killed in these bombings, one senator's maid lost her hands.
The bombs of June 2nd were much larger than those previously sent by mail in April. These bombs were comprised of up to 25 pounds of dynamite packaged with heavy metal slugs designed to act as shrapnel. Addressees included government officials who had endorsed anti-sedition laws and deportation of immigrants suspected of crimes or associated with illegal movements, as well as judges who had sentenced anarchists to prison.
The bombs of June 2nd were much larger than those previously sent by mail in April. These bombs were comprised of up to 25 pounds of dynamite packaged with heavy metal slugs designed to act as shrapnel. Addressees included government officials who had endorsed anti-sedition laws and deportation of immigrants suspected of crimes or associated with illegal movements, as well as judges who had sentenced anarchists to prison.
Within minutes of the bombing of U.S. Attorney General Palmer's home, more were exploding in other cities including Philadelphia. Here, two bombs exploded within seconds of each other under the porch of the rectory of the Lady of Victory Catholic Church, caving in the porch and shattering every window in the rectory as well as those in the basement. The church was still smoldering when another bomb exploded less than a mile away at the home of Philadelphia jeweler Louis Jajieky. The interior of the Jajieky residence was completely demolished; leaving only four walls standing.
During these bombings, as well as simultaneous explosions in six other cities, none of the targeted men were killed, but one bomb took the life of New York City night watchman William Boehner.
Each of the bombs was delivered with several copies of a pink flyer, titled "Plain Words," that read:
War, Class war, and you were the first to wage it under the cover of the powerful institutions you call order, in the darkness of your laws. There will have to be bloodshed; we will not dodge; there will have to be murder: we will kill, because it is necessary; there will have to be destruction; we will destroy to rid the world of your tyrannical institutions.
The flyer was later traced to a printing shop operated by two anarchists – Andrea Salsedo, a typesetter and Roberto Elia, a compositor – who were both Galleanists. Salsedo committed suicide, and Elia refused an offer to cancel deportation proceedings if he would testify about his role in the organization. However, prosecutors were unable to secure enough evidence for criminal trials, but, authorities continued to use the Anarchist Exclusion Act and related statutes to deport known Galleanists.
China is a big, fascinating, fast-moving society that I learn from practically every day, whose continuing rise has done much more good than harm, and that I do my best to interest outsiders in. But Economist and Bloomberg—come on.
Next, a China story you should read. Over the months I've written about allegations that the Bloomberg journalistic empire has defanged its coverage of China (especially corruption stories), to avoid jeopardizing its terminal-and-data business there. Some previous items here, here, here.
No one at Bloomberg has ever agreed to respond on the record to these contentions. The only official reaction I have ever received, via spokesman Ty Trippet (with whom I've talked before or after each installment and again just now), is that the company "has no comment." Over the months I have heard from a very large number of current and former Bloomberg employees, most of whom have been very concerned that I not identify them, their geographical locations, or their exact roles in any traceable way.
Now Howard French—a veteran international correspondent, long with the NYT and now at Columbia Journalism School, my friend and colleague first in Japan and then in China, author of an Atlantic article on and now a great new book about China in Africa—has a much fuller account of the Bloomberg-and-China story in the CJR. It is definitely worth reading.
At the end of his story, French does get a reaction beyond "no comment" from Matthew Winkler, Bloomberg's editor-in-chief and a man whom French reports to be in the middle of the China-coverage controversies:
Several days after our initial email exchange, Winkler, the editor-in-chief, wrote back to provide his sole quote for this account. “I'm proud of our reporting and our work speaks for itself,” it read. Asked via email if that applied to the now apparently dead second investigative take on high-level corruption in China, Winkler replied, “The statement covers our work.”
Here is the problem Bloomberg is creating for itself by refusing to engage in discussion of this issue. The company is full of first-rate reporters and editors, including a lot of people who are my long-time friends. It is one of the great news organizations of the era. In China as everywhere else it has very good people doing very good work.
But: over a long period now, named individuals have made specific and very serious allegations about the organization's trustworthiness on a crucially important ongoing story of these times. Think for a moment of any other institution facing comparably specific questions about its decisions and values: a politician about conflicts of interest, a company about product recalls, a university about controversies over athletics or sexual assault, a tech company about protecting privacy or handling government pressures. In any of these situations, Bloomberg's tough reporters would be among the first pushing for specific answers, beyond "no comment" or "our work speaks for itself."
It is long past time for someone senior at Bloomberg—the former mayor himself, editor-in-chief Winkler, chairman Peter Grauer, or anyone else in a position to speak for the firm—to do what Bloomberg reporters would expect of other institutions, and accept questions and give answers about the allegations that have mounted up.
Previous post Next post
Jeeps in Cuba
There are many of us who think of the late 1950s as the zenith of automobile style. In the half century since then, we've seen a gradual decline into safety and efficiency, with just an occasional dash of nostalgia.
As far as American cars go, Cuba is a country frozen in the 1950s, since exports to Cuba from the U.S. were ended by an embargo in 1959. So a late-fifties Ford alongside current fashions, is not an uncommon scene in Havana.
Photo courtesy Richard A. Stanford.
Despite a scarcity of replacement parts, old cars and Jeeps are maintained as everyday transportation, and handed down from generation to generation.
There were some CJ-3Bs imported into Cuba between 1953 and 1959, including this one still in service with a few bits removed and others added, including a nice hood ornament.
Photo by Tracey Eaton for his blog Along the Malecón.
An unusual example is this 1954 3B which has been in the family of Alejandro Alfonso Hernández since it was new, and has been kept in nearly stock condition, with the original engine. See High Hood in Havana on CJ3B.info for more photos of this Jeep.
At the opposite end of the spectrum is this vehicle which has a CJ-3B front grille modified with rectangular headlights. Robert Bostelaar took the photo for his blog Caristas, and identified the chassis and drivetrain as coming from a Lada.
The side view and the interior (90K JPEG) reveal that the windshield is probably the only other actual Willys element remaining.
Here's another reasonably intact CJ-3B photographed by Paul G., but most pictures seem to indicate a Jeep population of primarily 3A's and station wagons. The affection with which Jeeps are viewed is indicated by a Cuban lottery ticket (50K JPEG) with a CJ-3A illustration, from the collection of Glenn Byron.
The timeless design of the Universal Jeep looks equally at home amid cars of the fifties or today, but who knows what's under the hood of this CJ-3A? Many of the older cars and Jeeps have had their engines replaced with Russian diesels.
This photo was taken by Ricky Rubin, who comments, "It's very funny to see an un-restored fifties Cadillac with a huge stick shifter coming out of the floor and this noisy, smoky diesel rattling around under the hood. The Cubans technically have absolutely nothing, but they sure can make the most out of it."
This 3A photographed by Hermes for Trip Advisor looks like it may still have its four-wheel drive intact.
This one also looks fairly original except for the fenders. And the rumble seat (180K JPEG) added in the rear! Thanks to Robert Bostelaar for the photos taken near Santiago.
Despite the hood lettering reading "WO CJ-IIA", this taxi appears to have originally been a military M38. Thanks to David Busfield for this photo from Flickr.
Willys apparently had a good relationship with Cuba prior to the revolution in 1959, and in fact Fidel Castro also looked favorably on the company. He is seen here riding into Havana after the success of his revolution against the Batista regime. The Jeep appears to be an export CJ-5, and carries the name of Abel Santamaria, an early hero of the revolution who was imprisoned and killed.
Castro probably appreciated the Jeep's value both as a military asset and an ideal vehicle for rural areas. One of his officers is seen here in 1959 with a CJ-5 "donated for agricultural reform" by Willys Overland Export Corp.
The occasion for these photos was a 1959 "training course" in Havana which brought salespeople from Toledo together with representatives from Cuba as well as other Latin American countries. Castro himself (120K JPEG) attended parts of the event.
In the background of this photo is a Willys ambulance (90K JPEG) also donated to Cuba.
Ricky Rubin spotted this Willys Jeep Station Wagon with a late-40s Jeepster grille, now in service as a taxi in Havana.
Note however that when you see advertisements for "Jeep Tours" in Cuba, the vehicles are much more likely to be recent Suzukis or Daihatsus.
This 2016 photo from Havana again reveals an attachment to the look of a Willys Jeep, even when the chassis underneath is something completely different. Photo by David Busfield on Flickr.
The Jeeps, like other older cars, are often maintained and "improved" with locally-fabricated parts. Bill Blanton has commented, "When the embargo ends, the first American company to venture into Cuba should be J.C. Whitney, the mail-order supplier of parts for old U.S. vehicles."
Here's something else that demonstrates some fabrication skills; a flatfender in 1/2-scale.
Ricky comments, "These guys use this jeep to get to work in the rich tobacco fields. The Cuban people are very crafty and it wouldn't surprise me if they built it themselves. The jeep had a pull-start engine under the hood. It kept up with us at 30 or so miles per hour."
See a front view photo (80K JPEG) of this mini-Jeep. (See also more Gas-Powered Toy Jeeps You Can Ride On on CJ3B.info.)
Thanks to Ricky Rubin, David Busfield, Robert Bostelaar and Richard A. Stanford for photos. -- Derek Redmond
Also on CJ3B.info, see Jeeps in the movie Havana (actually shot in the Dominican Republic.)
Return to the Index of Unusual CJ-3B Photos or see more Jeeps Around the World.
Visit CJ3B.info on Facebook.
CJ3B Home | Contents | Search | Links | Bulletin Board
Last updated 10 August 2017 by Derek Redmond redmond@cj3b.info
http://cj3b.info/Finds/FindsCuba.html
All content not credited and previously copyright, is copyright Derek Redmond
A recognition of Palestinian statehood at the United Nations will not change the fundamental realities of the Middle East, former U.S. President Bill Clinton said on Sunday, adding that he believed Washington would veto the proposal at the Security Council since it is "committed to Israel's security."
Earlier Sunday Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, referring to an upcoming UN vote on Palestinian statehood, said in a cabinet meeting that "the Palestinians' wish to become a permanent UN member is bound to fail because they have to go through the Security Council."
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton makes introductory remarks at the Clinton Global Initiative in New York, Tuesday, Sept. 21, 2010 AP
He said that even though the Palestinians can opt to turn to the general assembly, "it does not have the same significance of the Security Council, and that is not the Palestinians' stated goal."
Speaking to NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday, former president Clinton said that the United States must "contain the fallout" from the Palestinian UN bid expected later this week, adding that "when this is over the underlying reality won't change, and we still believe there should be a Palestinian state and we still believe that there should be cooperation between Israel and its Arab neighbors."
Clinton said he felt that above all the Palestinian bid was an "act of frustration by the Palestinians, and what I think we've all got to do is contain the negative fallout."
Clinton said he felt the Palestinians knew "that they have to negotiate borders and securities with the Israelis, they're just frustrated because they feel they have provided a secure environment, they have reinforced cooperation with the Israelis, they have produced a growing economy in the West Bank, they have renounced violenceand there's been no progress."
"So when they get the vote, which will be extremely positive, since most of the rest of the world thinks the Israelis have made an error not being more forthcoming with the government, and the U.S. vetoes it, which we will do because we're committed to Israel's security and the idea that the two parties have to negotiate a solution," he added.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
"So I don't know what's going to happen, I just know that this is one of those deals where we're either going to go forward or fall back and I favor going forward, I don't think the fundamental realties have changed in 20 years," the former U.S. president said.
The Crown dropped all 16 criminal charges against a St. Catharines veterinarian who was seen on camera choking and punching animals at his clinic in 2016.
Dr. Mahavir Rekhi was filmed choking, punching and restraining animals at his Skyway Animal Hospital over the course of three years.
The videos were given to CTV News Toronto in the summer of 2016.
According to statements provided to the College of Veterinarians of Ontario in Oct. 2013, Rekhi “grabbed Taz, a Chihuahua, by the throat and punched the dog multiple times in the face.”
Another incident described in the complaint alleged Rekhi hit a husky in the face while the dog was under anesthetic during a neuter procedure.
The College of Veterinarians of Ontario later found Rehki guilty of professional misconduct and suspended him for ten months.
He returned to work at the clinic in February after submitting to retraining and unannounced inspections.
Newstalk 610 in St. Catharines reports that Crown prosecutor said in court Friday that because the Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals started an investigation into Rekhi without receiving a formal complaint, he should not have been charged criminally.
As a result, the Crown asked to drop eight counts each of causing unnecessary pain to an animal and failing to provide suitable and adequate care for an animal.
The Crown also stated Friday they did not think they had a reasonable chance at securing a conviction.
An OSPCA officer involved in the investigation, Kevin Strooband, told The Canadian Press he initiated the investigation without receiving a complaint because of the graphic video evidence he witnessed in media reports.
He likened the situation to a police officer who would launch an investigation after stumbling across a body.
He said the OSPCA conducted 14 on-camera interviews in the course of their investigation and told CTV News Toronto his investigation “had the backing of a crown attorney” and was handled correctly.
The national animal law advocacy group Animal Justice reacted to the news, saying they were “dismayed” at the outcome.
“Our system failed Dr. Rekhi's animal victims every step of the way,” said the group's executive director Camille Labchuk in a news release Thursday. “Evidence of Dr. Rekhi's criminal conduct should have been referred to authorities immediately. Instead, the matter was initially dealt with exclusively through a College of Veterinarians of Ontario internal discipline process.”
Rekhi can now continue to practice at the clinic, though Newstalk 610 reports he now only operates the clinic on Saturdays.
About 20 demonstrators gathered outside the courthouse Friday expressing outrage that the criminal charges were dropped.
Trump calls for $1.7 trillion in social cuts
23 May 2017
The Trump administration will unveil a fiscal year 2018 budget today that includes $1.7 trillion in cuts to major social programs. The plan marks a new stage in a bipartisan social counterrevolution aimed at eviscerating what remains of programs to fight poverty and hunger and provide health care for millions of workers.
The unveiling of the budget underscores the reactionary character of the Democrats' response to a gangster government headed by a fascistic-minded billionaire and composed of Wall Street bankers, far-right ideologues and generals. The Democratic Party has chosen to base its opposition to Trump not on his assault on working and poor people, his attacks on democratic rights, or his reckless militarism, but on his supposed “softness” toward Russia.
In the political warfare in Washington, the Democrats are aligned with those sections of the intelligence apparatus and the “deep state” that are determined to compel Trump to abandon any notion of easing relations, and instead continue the Obama administration's policy of escalating confrontation with Russia. As the Democrats and the so-called “liberal” media pursue their anti-Russia campaign, the Trump administration continues to advance its brutal domestic agenda.
Trump's budget is the opening shot in a stage-managed tussle between the two big business parties over social cuts that will end with the most massive attack on core social programs in US history.
The budget includes a cut of $800 billion over a decade in Medicaid, the health insurance program for low-income people jointly administered by the federal government and the states. More than 74 million Americans, or one in five, are currently enrolled in Medicaid, including pregnant women, children and seniors with disabilities.
Like the American Health Care Act (AHCA) passed earlier this month by the Republican-controlled House of Representatives, Trump's budget plan would put an end to Medicaid as a guaranteed benefit based on need, replacing it with per capita funding or block grants to the states.
The AHCA would also end the expansion of Medicaid benefits under Obamacare and allow states to impose work requirements for beneficiaries. The Congressional Budget Office estimated that an earlier version of the Republican plan would result in 10 million people being stripped of Medicaid benefits.
Trump's budget would also cut $193 billion over a decade from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), commonly known as food stamps, a 25 percent reduction to be achieved in part by limiting eligibility and imposing work requirements.
Welfare benefits, known as Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, would be cut by $21 billion. Spending on the Earned Income Tax Credit and Child Tax Credit, which benefit mainly low- and middle-income families, would be reduced by $40 billion.
The budget reportedly includes changes in funding for Social Security's Supplemental Security Income program, which provides cash benefits to the poor and disabled.
While gutting social programs, Trump proposes to sharply reduce taxes for the wealthy. In addition to slashing income tax rates for the rich, he is proposing to dramatically cut estate, capital gains and business tax rates. At the same time, he is demanding a huge increase in military spending.
While Democrats will make rhetorical criticisms of the Trump budget, the fact is that the administration is escalating a decades-long assault on the working class overseen by both big business parties.
The outcome can be seen in the reality of social life in America:
Poverty
More than 13 percent—some 43.1 million Americans—were living in poverty in 2015. Of these, 19.4 million were living in extreme poverty, which means their family's cash income was less than half of the poverty line, or about $10,000 a year for a family of four. The poverty rate for children under 18 was 19.7 percent.
These are the official poverty rates, based on absurdly low income baselines. In reality, at least half of the population is living in or on the edge of poverty. These are precisely the people targeted by Trump's proposed cuts to Medicaid, welfare and food stamps.
Hunger
Almost one in eight US households, 15.8 million, were food insecure in 2015, meaning they had difficulty providing enough food for all their members. Five percent of households had very low food security, meaning the food intake of household members was cut. Three million households were unable to provide adequate, nutritious food for their children.
Lack of health care
In 2016 under Obamacare, 28.6 million people of all ages, or about 9 percent of the US population, remained uninsured. Many of those insured under plans purchased from private insurers on the Obamacare exchanges were unable to use their insurance because of prohibitively high deductibles and co-pays. Many who gained insurance under Obamacare did so as a result of the expansion of Medicaid. Trump plans to reverse this, throwing millions of people back into the ranks of the uninsured.
A bipartisan assault
In the wake of Trump's budget proposal, the Democrats have responded with their standard empty rhetoric. Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer—one of Congress' biggest recipients of Wall Street campaign money—decried Trump's “hard-right policies that benefit the ultra-wealthy at the expense of the middle-class.” Just three weeks ago, Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi were hailing the passage of a bipartisan fiscal 2017 budget that cut food stamps by $2.4 billion, slashed funding for education and the environment, and added billions more for the military and border control.
Obamacare paved the way for the present assault on Medicaid and the coming attacks on Medicare and Social Security by further subordinating health care to the profit demands of the insurance and pharmaceutical industries and imposing higher costs for reduced benefits on millions of workers.
Nothing less than a mass movement of the working class will prevent the destruction of Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security, food stamps, public education and every other social gain won by the working class. But this movement must be completely independent of the Democratic Party, the historic graveyard of social protest in America. That includes left-talking demagogues like Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren.
It is not a matter of appealing to or seeking to pressure the Democrats or any other section of the political establishment. They are all in the pocket of Wall Street.
The working class needs its own program to secure its basic social rights—a decent-paying job, education, health care, a secure retirement. These rights are not compatible with a capitalist system that is lurching inexorably toward world war and dictatorship.
Workers and youth must intervene in this crisis with a socialist and revolutionary program geared to the needs of the vast majority, not the interests of an obscenely rich and corrupt financial oligarchy.
Kate Randall
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Acehnese fishermen (left) help transfer Rohingya migrants from their boat off the coast near the city of Geulumpang, in Indonesia's East Aceh district of Aceh province on May 20. Photo: AFP
Fisherman Muchtar Ali broke down in tears when he set eyes on the overcrowded boat carrying desperate, starving Rohingya off the coast of Indonesia before going to the rescue of a vessel that has become emblematic of Asia's human-trafficking crisis.
“I was speechless,” Ali told AFP, recalling the moment he saw the boatload of more than 400 Muslim migrants who are fleeing persecution in their native Myanmar, which is predominantly Buddhist. “Looking at these people, me and my friends cried because they looked so hungry, so skinny.”
The fisherman from staunchly Islamic Aceh province, where there has been an outpouring of sympathy as Rohingya and Bangladeshis have come ashore in recent days, said that he also felt compelled to help due to their shared religion.
“We must help fellow Muslims, how can we not help destitute people like this? It would be a big sin,” he said.
The wooden green boat had drawn global attention after harrowing scenes emerged of the migrants pleading for help off Thailand last week. They were rescued by fishermen early Wednesday and brought to shore, and AFP journalists boarded the vessel soon afterwards and confirmed it was the same boat.
For the migrants, who had not been heard from for over three days, the rescue marked the end of a harrowing, four-month journey.
The Rohingya, who included 140 women and children, were “totally exhausted” after being repeatedly towed out of Thai waters and then forced at gunpoint to leave Malaysian waters, said Chris Lewa, whose Arakan Project monitors migrant journeys across the Bay of Bengal.
“The worst were the Malaysians who pushed them out twice. They said the second time the Malaysians came with guns and said they'd shoot at the boat if they came back again,” said Lewa, whose researchers had talked to two of the migrants.
It is the latest grim tale to emerge from the region's migrant crisis, which has seen thousands of Rohingya and Bangladeshis arrive in Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia in recent days after being abandoned after a Thai crackdown disrupted people-smuggling and -trafficking routes.
The three nations have also sparked outrage by turning away seaworthy vessels, although Malaysia and Indonesia relented on Wednesday and said they would take in migrants provided they could be resettled or repatriated within a year.
Malnourished migrants
As migrants have made it to shore, often malnourished after months at sea, they have recounted tales of being abused by smugglers and of deadly fights breaking out between rival groups armed with axes and knives.
The group rescued off Indonesia's Aceh early Wednesday, who join another 1,300 Rohingya and Bangladeshis who recently arrived in the province, suffered the same fate as others, pushed for days between Southeast Asian countries who were unwilling to accept them.
After last week's harrowing scenes drew global attention, the Thai navy simply reprovisioned the boat and took the vessel out to international waters with authorities insisting the migrants wanted to travel south to Malaysia.
The boat lost contact late Saturday, raising fears for the welfare of the hundreds on board.
The trawler was finally spotted late Tuesday by fishermen off the coast of Aceh. The migrants were rescued from the boat in two batches, with both brought ashore in the early hours of Wednesday.
AFP journalists later reached the boat, after setting off from the port of Geulumpang. The 30-metre (100-foot) long boat was abandoned not far from the coast, and was littered with abandoned water bottles, food containers and clothes, they said.
Fisherman Ali described how he heard from others about the stranded boat late Tuesday and arrived to help in the early hours of Wednesday.
“They came close to us, they were shouting, calling for help,” he said. “We looked at the boat and — wow — there were so many people aboard.”
He said several fishing vessels in the area were called in to help and the migrant boat was initially towed closer to shore. Fishermen then loaded the migrants into their trawlers and brought them to land.
Ali, who transported about 100 of the Rohingya, said the Acehnese and migrants could not understand each other but managed to work out they shared the same religion.
“If we said ‘Islam', they would answer ‘Islam, Muslim'. Those were the only two words that we exchanged,” he said.
-AFP
Feminist News
All | National News | Global News
January-12-12
Appeals Court Upholds TX Sonogram Law
On Tuesday, a three judge panel of the Fifth US Circuit Court of Appeals ruled to uphold a Texas law requiring that doctors describe ultrasounds in detail and play the sound of the fetal heartbeat, if a heartbeat is present, to women seeking abortions. In doing so, the Fifth Circuit overturned Federal District Court Judge Sam Sparks' August preliminary injunction blocking enforcement of the law.
The case was filed by the Center for Reproductive Rights on behalf of Texas medical providers challenging Texas' new abortion ultrasound law, which was scheduled to take effect September 1, in June. The Center for Reproductive Rights claims that the law violates patients' and doctors' First Amendment Rights by requiring "physicians to violate basic standards of medical ethics by compelling them to disregard the wishes of patients who do not want to receive this information."
Nancy Northup, president and CEO of the Center for Reproductive Rights, stated, "One of the most extreme mandatory ultrasound laws in the nation has now led to an extreme court decision on this issue. This clears the way for the enforcement of an insulting and intrusive law whose sole purpose is to harass women and dissuade them from exercising their constitutionally protected reproductive rights. Until today, every court that has reviewed similarly intrusive laws has ruled the laws unconstitutional."
The Center for Reproductive Rights can file for a rehearing within the next 14 days.
Media Resources: Wall Street Journal 1/12/12; New York Times 1/11/12; Statement of the Center for Reproductive Rights 1/10/12; Feminist Daily Newswire 8/31/11
The Trump administration's disdain for factual information has become abundantly clear from the falsehoods uttered by Trump's aides in recent days, such as press secretary Sean Spicer's inaccurate assertions about the inaugural crowd sizes, as well as senior advisor Kellyanne Conway's use of the Orwellian term "alternative facts" to describe Spicer's figures.
The world of dubious assertions extends deeper, though, to Trump's version of whitehouse.gov, where some of the information presented just days into the new administration is... questionable, if not outright wrong.
Let's take a look at some of the assertions presented in the White House site's "issues" section.
'Standing up for our law enforcement community'
Chicago's new police superintendent Eddie Johnson, left, shakes hands with other officers after being sworn in by Mayor Rahm Emanuel at a city council meeting on April 13, 2016, in Chicago. Image: AP Photo/M. Spencer Green
Trump has been fond of saying that 2015 saw a 17 percent rise in homicides in the nation's 50 "largest cities," and that bit of information has now made its way to the White House's website.
It's true in the narrowest sense, but misleading without context. First, homicides went way up in some cities while they stayed even or declined in others over that year. For example, in New York City, reported homicides in New York City fell to 335 murders in 2016, down from 352 in 2015, and way down from a whopping 2,262 in 1990.
Secondly — and this is where Trump's statement starts to sound disingenuous — homicides in the U.S. as a whole have declined by around half since 1993, and criminologists say that single-year changes can obscure this long-term trend.
'America first energy plan'
In this Feb. 11, 2014 photo, steam rises from the stacks of Basin Electric's Laramie River Station coal-fired power plant near Wheatland, Wyoming. Image: AP Photo/The Casper Star-Tribune, Alan Rogers
When it comes to climate change and energy policies, the new administration is focused on rolling back the Obama administration's programs to cut greenhouse gas emissions and opening up more oil and gas resources to drilling.
To justify this approach, the website claims that eliminating Obama's Climate Action Plan, which includes regulations on emissions from power plants, as well as clean water regulations will increase American wages "by more than $30 billion over the next seven years."
Sounds great, right?
Trouble is, it's a made-up claim. The nonprofit research and journalism group Climate Central debunked this on Friday.
Turns out that this $30 billion figure comes from a non-peer reviewed paper written by a finance professor at Louisiana State University in 2015, and it was written for a fossil fuel industry organization. The paper didn't analyze the specific power plant regulations the Trump administration wants to repeal, which makes the administration's claim dubious from the start.
Instead, the paper's author wrote about the potential economic impacts that the U.S. might expect if it began drilling for more fossil fuels from public lands. Its conclusions are hardly robust enough to base national policy decisions on, given that they don't factor in the costs that will come from climate damages. The paper reportedly doesn't correctly analyze the combined effects of removing regulations, either, which also includes costs.
The White House site also makes no mention of how academics and the previous administration have said that the environmental regulations Trump seeks to dismantle would themselves boost part of the economy.
For example, in justifying its regulations in the first place, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) calculated that the overall economic benefits of power plant carbon emissions reductions would be in the tens of billions of dollars a year.
'America first energy plan,' part 2
This April 2, 2010 photo shows a Tesoro Corp. refinery, including a gas flare flame that is part of normal plant operations, in Anacortes, Washington. Image: AP Photo/Ted S. Warren
The administration also claims that the U.S. is sitting on $50 trillion (that's trillion with a 't') "in untapped shale, oil, and natural gas reserves."
It's true that there are huge amounts of coal, gas and oil that the U.S. has not used to its economic benefit, but that's because it can't. The costs to get to much of these resources are prohibitive, making the number — which, to begin with, comes from a Trump advisor rather than any authoritative study — a dream figure more than anything, according to Climate Central.
'Making our military strong again'
A photo shows the USS Missouri in Oahu, Hawaii on Dec. 24, 2016. Image: The Yomiuri Shimbun via AP Images
This White House page also laments the size of the U.S. Navy, lamenting that the military's sea branch has shrunk from more than 500 vessels in 1991 to 275 in 2016.
This, like the crime statistics from earlier, is accurate in a specific sense and misleading when given context.
Specifically, the emphasis on ship numbers ignores technological progress when it comes to weaponry. That type of drop-off makes it seem as though the Navy is weak, but experts say the U.S. Navy is far and away the strongest in the world. As ships have grown more technologically capable, we've needed fewer of them to cover the same area. And, if size really does matter, the U.S. still has more aircraft carriers than all other nations combined (as of late 2015).
With the official Doomsday Clock currently the closest it's been to “midnight” since the onset of the Cold War in 1953, people are starting to ask the big question:
What beer should I stock up on for when the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse come riding into town?
In response, BeerSyndicate sampled a selection of seven-year-old canned beer to determine which ones held up the best in preparation for prolonged life in a vault.
By the way, the concept of the “Doomsday Clock” was originally created by former Manhattan Project physicists in 1947 and has been maintained ever since by the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists with past contributors including the likes of Albert Einstein and J. Robert Oppenheimer to name a few. The clock itself is the symbolic analogy for a human-caused global catastrophe with “midnight” representing the end of civilization.
As of January 2017, the clock is 2 ½ minutes to midnight.
Look, you got lucky with Y2K. You dodged a bullet in 2012 with the Aztec calendar thingy. Any day now, the Large Hadron Collider might do us in with an accidentally spawned Earth-swallowing black hole, assuming a Homo-(sapien)-phobic A.I. doesn't pull the plug on us first. And of course it's only a matter of time before we hit DEFCON 1 with North Korea, Iran or New Jersey.
The bottom line is that sooner or later, your luck is gonna run out.
But BeerSyndicate's got your back. At least when it comes to picking a beer that will survive the first seven years of the nuclear winter.
For this review, we reached back into the depths of the beer fridge and pulled out three beers that time forgot. Three beers that somehow rather remarkably held up seven years past their bottling date.
What's even more surprising is that none of the beers in question are particularly well-suited for aging unlike a cellar-friendly Gueuze or a big boozy such-and-such. Perhaps it was the refrigeration that slowed the aging process while canning fended off much of the dreaded effects of beer-degrading oxygen and light.
Or maybe the traditional low hopping rates of the beer styles sampled actually helped with the perceived preservation of the beers since hop character and bitterness are typically the first things to fade. As hop character diminishes, the perceived sweetness of a beer increases conversely. Being as how these beers are only mildly hopped to begin with, not only would any pronounced hop character be inappropriate, any increased perception of sweetness due to hop degradation may actually benefit the beer somewhat.
Regardless of how, these beers largely avoided the telltale characteristics of inappropriately aged beer that leave a once crisp balanced brew tasting often like squash, cardboard and sweet apple juice.
Rickard's White.
Full disclosure: Rickard's White is not a craft beer. It's brewed by Molson Coors of Canada, and according to Molson, the recipe is based on the American-made Blue Moon recipe, but uses different ingredients. Unlike Blue Moon however, Molson makes no attempt to hide the fact that Rickard's White is not craft (the Molson brand is displayed right on the can plain for the world to see). Also displayed on the can is the bottling date code of “F260” (translation “Feb. 26, 2010”), which according to Molson marks the start of the beer's 110-day lifespan. Needless to say, this beer has exceeded that 110-day window by a bit. In any case, “ageability” likely has nothing to do with whether a given beer is marco or micro brewed, not that you'd be terribly picky in a post-apocalyptic wasteland.
The Gist: While we can't tell you how well a Blue Moon might fare after seven years in the can, we can tell you that Rickard's White was surprisingly still identifiable as a Witbier— lightly fruity with pleasant notes of coriander in the aroma and flavor. As is, the beer scored a 75/100.
Description: Rickard's White pours a thick finger of dense fluffy off-white head that dissipates in about 30 seconds, revealing a hazy golden honey colored body with a fair amount of the expected age-derived “floaties”. Yes, even after all these years, trace amounts of lovely coriander are still detectable in the aroma especially as the beer warms. Other aromatics include guava, blueberry yogurt, Juicy Fruit gum, papaya, Apple Jacks and ‘Asian honeydew snow smoothie‘ with the only aged character being that of spent tea bag. Flavor-wise, subtle coriander is cut with a citrus tang, Sprite, a hint of guava, light malt, baking powder and alcohol. Medium carbonation, medium-low body. The beer finishes with an aftertaste of mild seltzer water and a touch of popsicle stick.
What are “floaties”? Floaties (also known as floaters or “snowflakes”) are little chunks of coagulated protein that have fallen out of the solution of the liquid beer as a result of aging, and are typically darker in color in darker colored beers. Floaties can develop and become noticeable in as little as two years depending on the particular beer style and storage conditions (floaties will appear sooner in unrefrigerated beer).
To be clear (no pun intended), floaties are not the same thing as yeast sediment which is normal in bottle-conditioned beers of any age. Yeast tends to be smooth and dense and gives beer a cloudy appearance when aggressively disturbed as when rolling a bottle of bottle-conditioned Hefeweizen or swirling the bottle during the pour. Floaties, on the other hand, are bread crumb-sized clumps of protein and if present are easily disturbed like the white particles (“snowflakes”) in a snow globe. Even beers that are appropriate for aging like Gueuze and Flanders Red will very likely develop floaties over time. Floaties don't taste like much of anything and are fine to drink, but can sometimes be left behind in the bottle if poured carefully.
KLB Raspberry Wheat.
The Gist: After more than half a decade in the can, raspberry is still detectable in the aroma and flavor of KLB Raspberry Wheat. Despite an aroma of Raspberry Schweppes Ginger Ale suggesting a possible sugar bomb in the taste, the beer is actually on the dry side, more similar to a light-bodied raspberry seltzer than a raspberry soda pop. [4.5% ABV.]
Description: Pours about a pinky of quickly fading eggshell white head with plenty of frog eyes (bubbles) and some lacing over a hazy medium amber body. The aroma is reminiscent of Raspberry Schweppes, pomegranate, Martinelli's sparkling apple cider, and La Vie De La Vosgienne raspberry bon bon candy. Flavor: raspberry seltzer, mild alcohol, light acidity, raspberry seeds, honeysuckle, strawberry apple juice, effervescent medium carbonation with a hint of vanilla leave behind an aftertaste of wheat husk, light bitterness and raspberry lip gloss in this light-bodied brew. Score: 77.5/100
Rickard's Dark.
The Gist: A mild flavored 4.8% ABV dark ale with subtle notes of coco powder and walnuts balanced by a light tanginess.
Description: A self-described English Porter brewed with maple syrup, Rickard's Dark pours a nearly clear brown with garnet highlights and develops a finger of dense tan head that slowly fades over 30 seconds leaving some lace behind in the glass. The aroma is an interesting mix of raisin, coco powder, dried malt and slightly under-baked wheat bread with hints of balsamic vinegar, tamarind, faint alcohol, dried cranberry, brown sugar, chocolate wafer cookie, walnut, watery coffee, dry autumn leaves and spent Lipton tea bag. The flavor is mild-mannered and relatively clean with notes of light coco powder, walnut shell, and dusty stick with a medium-low sweetness balanced by a light tanginess, finishing with elements of dry stick and grape skin. Medium carbonation, medium-low body. Score: 75/100.
Thus concludes Beer Syndicate's Bunker Beer Review.
So the next time you're out stocking up on Nuka-Cola, RadAway, and Blamco Mac & Cheese, remember to pick up a 100 pack of any of these canned beers to help get you through the nuclear winter season.
[All beers were evaluated solely by BJCP beer judges. In addition, two other seven-year-old canned Canadian beers were sample, namely Amsterdam Nut Brown Ale and Muskoka Hefe-Weissbier, but these did not hold up as well as the others listed above.]
Hi, I'm Dan: Co-Founder and Beer Editor for BeerSyndicate.com, Beer and Drinking Writer, BJCP Beer Judge, Gold Medal-Winning Homebrewer, Beer Reviewer, AHA Member, Beer Traveler, and Shameless Beer Promoter.
[BeerSyndicate.com did not receive any compensation from any party to review these beers.]
These are two of the three teens that stood up to Anders Breivik. The third gave his life. They went on to save 23 people that day. Few news outlets reported it. The three teens were Muslim.
July 22nd marks the anniversary of the Norway attacks carried out by Anders Breivik. Few news outlets reported it, even fewer have recognised the heroes of that day.
Movsar Zyamaev and Rustam Daudov originally from Chechnya, survived the attack. Rusam was 16 and Movsar 17 at the time.
Anders Breivik, a Norwegian radical Right-wing Christian. killed 77 people and wounded 319. Most of his victims were Christians from the political left. Many of them were teenagers.
The only people who stood up to him were 3 Muslim teenagers who began throwing stones at him. One hit Breivik hard in the head and he finally shot and killed one of the three. The other two, Movsar Zyamaev and Rustam Daudov, fled and went on to save 23 people during the massacre. When Movsar called his father from his cell phone, his father urged him to be brave, stay and to try and save as many people as he could.
Anders Breivik turned himself in and eventually pleaded insanity but was convicted on terrorism charges and sentenced to 21 years in prison. Even though he was convicted for terrorism, he is mostly referred to in the media as a “Mass Killer” or “Mass Murderer”. Rarely is he labelled a “terrorist”.
It's so important to celebrate our heroes, especially those who are Muslims to balance the scale of bad press they get for the crimes committed by a few. The argument that their faith does not matter does not work here because it matters when terrorism occurs. Why not when heroism occurs?
The example of Movsar and Rusam, these young, incredibly brave heroes should be a thing celebrated not hushed in to the dark corners of forgotten heroism because their faith doesn't fit a particular narrative that is lucrative to the media.
The more people that celebrate heroes like these, the more those negative narratives are drowned out to create a platform that simply sees a persons humanity and treats all stories fairly. It is only then that we can see the heroism of people free from labels.
Related articles: Anders Breivik loses human rights case against Norway
Despite the floundering first months of Donald Trump's presidency, Democrats have not begun to win the argument. Yes, Democrats in Congress have displayed unity in opposing the repeal of Obamacare and the confirmation of Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch. But they have not changed many minds. Despite Trump's low approval ratings, few of his voters regret their choice. In fact, one poll in early April showed that, were the election rerun, Trump would now defeat Hillary Clinton in the popular vote.
The torrent of provocations emanating from the White House, the policy stumbles, the persistent disregard for democratic norms, would seem to offer Democrats an easy target. But it has not worked out this way. Trump's inflammatory tweets and erratic behavior have provided rich fodder for late-night television comedians. But for those who would mount a politics of resistance, the outrage Trump provokes has been less energizing than paralyzing.
This is due partly to Trump's penchant for changing the subject. Abetted by the fevered, distractible coverage of cable news and social media, Trump has brought us the first attention-deficit presidency. This poses a challenge for the opposition. The steady stream of provocations has a disorienting effect on critics, who struggle to discriminate between the more consequential affronts to democracy and passing distractions.
A further challenge for Trump's critics is that some forms of resistance amplify the chaos and confusion Trump sows and thrives on. Typically, bungled policy rollouts erode the authority of presidents; when the Obamacare website crashed, it damaged public confidence in the Affordable Care Act and embarrassed the Obama Administration.
For Trump, however, chaos helps. When his first travel ban brought protests at airports, confusion among airport officials about how to implement the executive order, and then a court ruling suspending it, Trump gained from the tumultuous tableau. It reinforced his presence at the center of events, posing as a bulwark against disorder.
Moral outrage can be politically energizing, but only if it is channeled and guided by political judgment. What the opposition to Trump needs now is an economy of outrage, disciplined by the priorities of an affirmative political project.
Conceiving such a project is not an easy matter. It requires facing up to the complacencies of establishment political thinking that opened the way to Trump in the United States and to right-wing populism in Britain and Europe. And it requires reimagining the mission and purpose of progressive politics.
The hard reality is that Donald Trump was elected by tapping a wellspring of anxieties, frustrations, and legitimate grievances to which the mainstream parties have offered no compelling answer.
This means that, for those worried about Trump, it is not enough to mobilize a politics of protest and resistance; it is also necessary to engage in a politics of persuasion. Such a politics must begin by understanding the discontent that is roiling American society and politics.
Populist uprisings in the U.S., U.K., and Europe are against
elites of all mainstream parties, but their victims have been center-left parties.
Like the triumph of Brexit in the UK, the election of Trump was an angry verdict on decades of rising inequality and a version of globalization that benefits those at the top but leaves ordinary people feeling disempowered. It is also a rebuke for a technocratic approach to politics that is tone deaf to the resentments of people who feel the economy and the culture have left them behind.
Some denounce the upsurge of populism as little more than a racist, xenophobic reaction against immigrants and multiculturalism. Others see it mainly in economic terms, as a protest against the job losses brought about by global
trade and new technologies.
But it is a mistake to see only the bigotry in populist protest, or to view it as only an economic complaint. To do so miss the fact that the upheavals of 2016 were a political response to a political failure of historic proportions.
The right-wing populism ascendant today is a symptom of the failure of progressive politics. The Democratic Party has become a party of a technocratic liberalism more congenial to the professional classes than to the blue-collar and middle-class voters who once constituted its base. A similar predicament afflicted Britain's Labour Party, at least until Jeremy Corbyn's recent left-populist resurgence.
The roots of the predicament go back to the 1980s. Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher had argued that government was the problem and that markets were the solution. When they passed from the political scene, the center-left politicians who succeeded them—Bill Clinton in the United States, Tony Blair in Britain, Gerhard Schroeder in Germany— moderated but consolidated the market faith. They softened the harsh
edges of unfettered markets but did not challenge the central premise of the Reagan-Thatcher era—that market mechanisms are the primary instruments for achieving the public good. In line with this faith, they embraced a market-driven version of globalization and welcomed the growing financialization of the economy.
In the 1990s, the Clinton Administration joined with Republicans in promoting global trade agreements and deregulating the financial industry. The benefits of these policies flowed mostly to those at the top, but Democrats did little to address the deepening inequality and the growing power of money in politics. Having strayed from its traditional mission of taming capitalism and holding economic power to democratic account, liberalism lost its capacity to inspire.
All that seemed to change when Barack Obama appeared on the political scene. In his 2008 presidential campaign, he offered a stirring alternative to the managerial, technocratic language that had come to characterize liberal public discourse. He showed that progressive politics could speak a language of moral and spiritual purpose.
But the moral energy and civic idealism he inspired as a candidate did not carry over into his presidency. Assuming office in the midst of the financial crisis, he appointed economic advisors who had promoted financial deregulation during the Clinton years. With their encouragement, he bailed out the banks on terms that did not hold them to account for the behavior that led to the crisis and offered little help for ordinary citizens who had lost their homes.
His moral voice muted, Obama placated rather than articulated the seething public anger toward Wall Street. Lingering anger over the bailout cast a shadow over the Obama presidency and would fuel a mood of populist protest that reached across the political spectrum—on the left, the Occupy movement and the candidacy of Bernie Sanders, on the right, the Tea Party movement and the election of Trump.
The populist uprising in the United States, Britain, and Europe is a backlash against elites of the mainstream parties, but its most conspicuous causalities have been liberal and center-left political parties—the Democratic Party in the United States, the Labour Party in Britain, and the Socialist Party in France, whose presidential nominee won only 6 percent of the vote in the April election.
Before they can hope to win back public support, progressive parties must rethink their mission and purpose. To do so, they should learn from the populist protest that has displaced them—not by replicating its xenophobia and strident nationalism, but by taking seriously the legitimate grievances with which these ugly sentiments are entangled. Such rethinking should begin with the recognition that these grievances are not only economic but also moral and cultural; they are not only about wages and jobs but also about social esteem.
Here are four themes that progressive parties need to grapple with if they hope to address the anger and resentments that roil politics today: income inequality; meritocratic hubris; the dignity of work; patriotism and national community.
Income inequality: The standard response to inequality is to call for greater equality of opportunity—retraining workers whose jobs have disappeared due to globalization and technology; improving access to higher education; removing barriers of race, ethnicity, and gender. It is summed up in the slogan that those who work hard and play by the rules should be able to rise as far as their talents will take them.
But this slogan now rings hollow. In today's economy, it is not easy to rise. This is a special problem for the United States, which prides itself on upward mobility. Americans have traditionally worried less than Europeans about inequality, believing that, whatever one's starting point in life, it is possible, with hard work, to rise from rags to riches. But today, this belief is in doubt. Americans born to poor parents tend to stay poor as adults. Of those born in the bottom fifth of the income scale, 43 percent will remain there, and only 4 percent will make it to the top fifth. It is easier to rise from poverty in Canada, Germany, Sweden, and other European countries than it is in the United States.
This may explain why the rhetoric of opportunity fails to inspire as it once did. Progressives should reconsider the assumption that mobility can compensate for inequality. They should reckon directly with inequalities of power and wealth, rather than rest content with the project of helping people scramble up a ladder whose rungs grow further and further apart.
Meritocratic hubris: But the problem runs deeper. The relentless emphasis on creating a fair meritocracy, in which social positions reflect effort and talent, has a corrosive effect on the way we interpret our success (or the lack of it). The notion that the system rewards talent and hard work encourages the winners to consider their success their own doing, a measure of their virtue—and to look down upon those less fortunate than themselves.
Those who lose out may complain that the system is rigged, that the winners have cheated and manipulated their way to the top. Or they may harbor the demoralizing thought that their failure is their own doing, that they simply lack the talent and drive to succeed.
When these sentiments coexist, as invariably they do, they make for a volatile brew of anger and resentment against elites that fuels populist protest. Though himself a billionaire, Donald Trump understands and exploits this resentment. Unlike Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, who speak constantly of opportunity, Trump scarcely mentions the word. Instead, he offers blunt talk of winners and losers.
Liberals and progressives have so valorized a college degree—both as an avenue for advancement and as the basis for social esteem—that they have difficulty understanding the hubris a meritocracy can generate, and the harsh judgment it imposes on those who have not gone to college. Such attitudes are at the heart of the populist backlash and Trump's victory.
One of the deepest political divides in American politics today is between those with and those without a college degree. To heal this divide, Democrats need to understand the attitudes toward merit and work it reflects.
The dignity of work: The loss of jobs to technology and outsourcing has coincided with a sense that society accords less respect to the kind of work the working class does. As economic activity has shifted from making things to managing money, as society has lavished outsized rewards on hedge fund managers and Wall Street bankers, the esteem accorded work in the traditional sense has become fragile and uncertain.
New technology may further erode the dignity of work. Some Silicon Valley visionaries anticipate a time when robots and artificial intelligence will render many of today's jobs obsolete. To ease the way for such a future, they propose paying everyone a basic income. What was once justified as a safety net for all citizens is now offered as a way to soften the transition to a world without work. Whether such a world is a prospect to welcome or to resist is a question that
will be central to politics in the coming years. To think it through, political parties will have to grapple with the meaning of work and its place in a good life.
Patriotism and national community: Free trade agreements and immigration are the most potent flashpoints of populist fury. On one level, these are economic issues. Opponents argue that free trade agreements and immigration threaten local jobs and wages, while proponents reply that they help the economy in the long run. But the passion these issues evoke suggests something more is at stake.
Workers who believe their country cares more for cheap goods and cheap labor than for the job prospects of its own people feel betrayed. This sense of betrayal often finds ugly, intolerant expression—a hatred of immigrants, a strident nationalism that vilifies Muslims and other “outsiders,” a rhetoric of “taking back our country.”
Liberals reply by condemning the hateful rhetoric and insisting on the virtues of mutual respect and multicultural understanding. But this principled response, valid though it is, fails to address an important set of questions implicit in the populist complaint. What is the moral significance, if any, of national borders? Do we owe more to our fellow citizens than we owe citizens of other countries? Is patriotism a virtue or a vice, a prejudice for our own kind? In a global age, should we cultivate national identities or aspire to a cosmopolitan ethic of universal human concern?
These questions may seem daunting, a far cry from the small things we discuss in politics these days. But the Trumpian moment highlights the need to rejuvenate democratic public discourse, to address the big questions people care about, including moral and cultural questions.
Disentangling the intolerant aspects of populist protest from the legitimate grievances it conveys is no easy matter. But it is important to try. Understanding these grievances and creating a politics that can respond to them is the most pressing political challenge of our time.
A £148 million Lotto winner has bought a new home for a four-year-old disabled boy and his "inspirational" mum to live in - as well as promising to foot the bill of any adaptations.
Gillian Bayford and her ex-husband won Britain's second biggest Lottery jackpot after playing Euromillions in 2012.
Cascade News 7 Lottery winner Gillian Bayford (left) has bought a house for Jenny and Blake to live in
Cascade News 7 Gillian Bayford with Jenny and Blake McMillan and staff from her property business
Google street view 7 This is the house Gillian is believed to have bought to rent out to Jenny and Blake
She was moved by Jenny McMillan's inspiring fundraising efforts for son Blake and decided to help.
Jenny was reduced to tears when Gillian presented her with the keys to her new home in Carnoustie, Angus.
Her son Blake suffers from a rare and devastating neurological disorder called MECP2 Duplication Syndrome.
related stories LOTTO MOVE Britain's biggest lottery winners flog £1.4m mansion they bought with £161m windfall - and upgrade to £3m pad COULD IT HAVE BEEN YOU? Lottery bosses are hunting for a mystery £1million winner who hasn't claimed their prize a nice surprise Lottery winner went three weeks without claiming £1million scoop after ignoring prize email Revealed THAT'S YOUR LOTT BBC axe National Lottery Saturday night draw show after losing 17 million viewers LOTTO LOW Slump in National Lottery tickets sales after Camelot made it harder to win the jackpot
He cannot roll, walk, talk or sit, and needs 24-hour care.
He also has a weak immune system, often suffers from pneumonia and has seizures, which are becoming increasingly severe and frequent.
Jenny, Blake and his sister Faye struggle with the design of their current home.
So Gillian purchased a new, more suitable home for Jenny to rent from her property firm, and pledged to pay for any improvements needed.
Passionate fundraiser Jenny believes the move will give the whole family a new lease of life.
Gillian's gesture means any funds raised by Jenny can go directly towards research into Blake's condition.
PA:Press Association Archive 7 Gillian and then husband Adrian Bayford celebrate winning the huge jackpot in 2012
Cascade News 7 Gillian has said she will pay for any adaptations needed to the house
Devoted mum Jenny said: "I was totally in awe that Gillian would do something like this.
"I'll be paying rent but Gillian didn't have to do something like this. She's doing me a massive favour.
"I was in tears when she told me. I'm so grateful.
"I'll be able to look after Blake in a safe and secure environment and it means the world.
"In this house I can always be within eye shot of Blake. Gillian has given me peace of mind."
Gillian decided to help the family after being inspired by Jenny's fundraising and campaigning.
Jenny runs fundraising store, Blake's Bargains, two doors along from Gillian's property business.
Gillian revealed: "Jenny came in and said she was looking for a house in the area and I said I'd keep an eye out for anything that came up.
"A couple of weeks later it came to light that a house on the high street was going back on the market.
"A&G Properties has offered, and she's kindly accepted, that we will pay for the balance of the upgrade and work that needs to be carried out as a Christmas present, I suppose, to Blake.
"It then allows any money Jenny has fundraised to go to finding a treatment.
"Jenny is a complete inspiration. She works so hard and if the fact that I, and the girls here, can help bring Blake here then we'll do it."
PA:Press Association Archive 7 The couple divorced 15-months after winning the jackpot and Gillian has spoken of the rifts it has caused in her family
Cascade News 7 Blake suffers from a rare and devastating neurological disorder called MECP2 Duplication Syndrome
Gillian continued: "Everyone in Carnoustie knows Blake. I think this will perk everyone in the town up.
"I contribute to a lot of children's charities, however it's nice to be doing something back in my home town. It's such a wonderful cause."
The family hope to be able to move into their new home in January.
In October it was revealed that Gillian's ex-husband Adrian Bayford had evicted a disabled former friend following a row over a £250 rent increase.
Gillian has previously said the bumper Lotto win made her life a misery.
She and Adrian split after 15 months and she said she had not spoken to her family for a year, despite handing over £20 million.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
Prizes Top Three Winners A piece of original art from the Path of Exile comic. This is an actual raw page from the artist (in black and white) prior to it being coloured. There's only one copy of each page in existence! The example page linked isn't necessarily the one that you receive. The pages are 29.7cm x 42cm in size.
Atlas of Worlds T-shirt
Signed Path of Exile Comic
Your choice of Armour Set
Signed Brutus Concept Art Print
Chaos Orb Key Chain
Top Ten Winners Atlas of Worlds T-shirt
Your choice of Armour Set
Runner Ups 250 points
Random Draw One randomly drawn entrant will also receive a piece of original art from the Path of Exile comic. This is an actual raw page from the artist (in black and white) prior to it being coloured.
Note: The top three submissions are counted among the top ten winners. This means there are a total of ten Atlases of Worlds T-shirts and armour sets to be won. The number of runner-up prizes awarded will depend on how many entries to the competition there are.
How to Enter Just post your entry to this thread to be entered into the competition. It's ideal if your content is easy to consume. A general guide for this is that your submission should take no longer than five minutes to read, listen to or view. It's permitted to post content that is longer than five minutes but in some cases it may put your submission at a disadvantage if it's significantly difficult to engage in your content.
You're welcome to post builds, screenshots and other in-game content. We only ask that this is entered in a format that's easy to consume. For example, if you're posting a build, please post a video of the build that includes the information you feel is relevant, rather than just a build guide or description of what it does.
The winning submissions will be selected based the following criteria: How skillfully your talent has been executed
How true it remains to the theme of Path of Exile
How compelling or entertaining the submission is
Conditions The competition will run from the time of this post until Monday the 16th of January at 5pm (NZT). Submissions made after this time will not be counted.
Any work that is submitted must be your own and must be created after the launch of this competition
Multiple submissions are welcome.
If you want to create a montage or mash-up of other artist's work or videos, this is permitted as long as it follows all legal guidelines of fair use standards.
Troll submissions will not be considered for the random draw prize.
Best of luck to everyone who is participating in this competition! We have always loved seeing the Path of Exile-related content that you create and once again are eager to see what you'll come up with. Do you have I hidden talent? Can you make Path of Exile-themed content with this talent? Now is your time to shine! We're launching an all-inclusive Path of Exile Talent Competition! Your talent could be anything from fan art, videos, music, fan fiction, cosplay, baking, crafts, gifs, screenshots, comics, character builds, interpretive dance or anything else you can think of! Anything you can create that's Path of Exile-themed is welcome.Note: The top three submissions are counted among the top ten winners. This means there are a total of ten Atlases of Worlds T-shirts and armour sets to be won. The number of runner-up prizes awarded will depend on how many entries to the competition there are.Just post your entry to this thread to be entered into the competition. It's ideal if your content is easy to consume. A general guide for this is that your submission should take no longer than five minutes to read, listen to or view. It's permitted to post content that is longer than five minutes but in some cases it may put your submission at a disadvantage if it's significantly difficult to engage in your content.You're welcome to post builds, screenshots and other in-game content. We only ask that this is entered in a format that's easy to consume. For example, if you're posting a build, please post a video of the build that includes the information you feel is relevant, rather than just a build guide or description of what it does.The winning submissions will be selected based the following criteria:Best of luck to everyone who is participating in this competition! We have always loved seeing the Path of Exile-related content that you create and once again are eager to see what you'll come up with.
June 18th, 2012, and Market Square in Poznan, Poland, is thronged. It's the last chapter in what has been a whirlwind summer romance between the Poles and the Irish. Irish football fans have endured a nightmare of a week in terms of results at Euro 2012, but none of them will forget the friendship that blossomed between them and their Polish hosts.
After eight days of heavy defeats, the Irish are nursing sore heads and bruised egos. A band of Poles have organised a gathering to “say goodbye to Ireland in our way”.
As the gathering begins, there are ripples in the crowd when the Poles begin to sing, not their native songs, but rousing renditions of The Fields of Athenry and other verses the Irish have been singing all week. They have learned the music and the words. The depth of the gesture is lost on nobody.
Flyers are distributed in the square. “We remember your great sportsmanship during your football game with Spain in Gdansk,” they say. “We remember your inspiring song The Fields of Athenry that brings into memory some of your history no one should ever forget. We too have a very hard past. We are also romantic and emotional people. This is something our nations have in common.”
The love affair between the Polish and the Irish may have been consummated here but this is not where it all began.Tens of thousands of Poles have migrated to Ireland since the State opened its borders to an enlarged EU in 2004.
Slideshow: Thank You Ireland - a Polish love letter to our island
Along the way there have been “misunderstandings” that have become folk tales. At one stage a Polish man seemed to be establishing himself as Ireland's most reckless serial road traffic offender. By June 2007, Prawo Jazdy had more than 50 separate entries under his name in the Garda Pulse computer system, but with different addresses and not a single conviction. In the end the clue to his identity lay within the pages of a Polish-English dictionary. “Prawo jazdy” means driving licence. Garda officers were mistaking it for the driver's name.
Every part of the country has a Polish presence that has added to community life. Few Irish towns have been left without a Polski sklep that sells pickles, Polish beer or smoked fish.
Of course, the pollution of the Irish gene pool has been perhaps the greatest development.
The contamination of the scraggly, pasty-skinned ginger archetype of the Irish has long been a matter of great urgency – and who better than the stunning Poles to do just that.
There are now Jakubs married to Aoifes and Seáns to Magdalenas.
It's just a wonder there hasn't been a Polish-Irish festival before now. The first one begins today, a week-long event aiming to celebrate the 150,000 members of the Polish community living in Ireland.
Introduction
Moore's Law says that the number of transistors per square inch will double approximately every 18 months. This article will show how many technologies are providing us with a new Virtual Moore's Law that proves computer performance will at least double every 18 months for the foreseeable future thanks to many new technological developments.
This Virtual Moore's Law is propelling us towards the Singularity where the invention of artificial superintelligence will abruptly trigger runaway technological growth, resulting in unfathomable changes to human civilization.
Going Vertical
In the first of my “proof” articles two years ago, I described how it has become harder to miniaturize transistors, causing computing to go vertical instead. 2 years ago, Samsung was mass producing 24-layer 3D NAND chips and had announced 32-layer chips. As I write this, Samsung is mass producing 48-layer 3D NAND chips with 64-layer chips rumored to appear within a month or so. Even more importantly, it is expected that by the end of 2017, the majority of NAND chips produced by all companies will be 3D. Currently Samsung and its competitors are working 24/7 to transform their 2D factories to 3D factories causing a dramatic change in how NAND flash chips are created.
Cross-section of 48-layer 3D NAND chip (Learn more!)
Going Massively Parallel
Moore's law only talks about the number of transistors per square inch. It doesn't directly mean that a chip will run any faster. Unfortunately, since 2006 Intel's CPUs have dramatically slowed their increase in performance, averaging about 10% a year. The cause of this problem is that the average Intel CPU only has 2 to 4 cores and it has become difficult to speed up these cores.
Nvidia has been promoting a different architecture, which averages thousands of cores. In 2016, they had a HUUGE success with this idea causing their company to soar in value with the market capitalization of Nvidia reaching about one third of Intel's value. (This is impressive as Intel is a very profitable company with profits exceeding $15 billion in 2015.)
Titan X Pascal is 566% faster at AI than last year's model!
Exactly what did Nvidia achieve? Their new Titan X runs AI instructions 566% faster than the old Titan X card that was only released a year earlier. Also, Nvidia got a half-size version of their Drive PX 2 put in all Tesla cars and this chip is about 4000% faster than the chip it replaced. Finally, Nvidia is working on a successor to the Drive PX 2 chip called Xavier that is rumored to come out in about a year and to be at least 400% more energy efficient than the current chip.
These numbers of 566%, 4000%, and 400% are much bigger than Intel's 10% and are causing a fundamental change in how computing is done. It is worth noting that Nvidia's main competitor AMD has also been blowing past Intel's 10% annual performance gains so the idea of many cores has been proven by multiple companies. In fact, even the graphical part of Intel's chips has been blowing past this 10% performance gain per year.
Thousands of programs have been designed to take advantage of this parallel computing performance. For example, the program BlazingDB runs over 100 times as fast as MySQL which was only designed to run on CPUs. As the performance gap increases between a standard CPU with a handful of cores and a GPU with thousands of cores, more and more programs are being written to take advantage of GPUs. And the growing market for massively parallel chips means that Nvidia can now afford to spend lots of money in making their chips better. For example, their latest generation of chips called Pascal cost over $2 billion to develop. (All this money goes into making a better chip design, Nvidia doesn't actually build chips. They currently use TSMC and Samsung for that.)
Lightning-Fast Data
For a long time, data for programs was stored on slow hard drives. Then it was moved to SATA SSDs which rapidly sped up each year until they finally hit the bandwidth limits of the SATA standard. Now data is moving to PCIe SSDs that currently have 6 times the bandwidth of SATA drives with even faster PCIe drives planned. (A PCIe drive that used 16 lanes like a graphics card would have 4 times the bandwidth of current PCIe drives.) Both Intel's coming Optane 3D XPoint SSDs and Samsung's Z-NAND SSDs are examples of such faster PCIe drives and a handful of enterprise SSDs already exist that use 16 lanes.
Even faster than all these drives is the idea of storing everything in memory which is becoming more and more common. When Watson won at Jeopardy in 2011, it used the trick of using its 16 terabytes of RAM to store everything in memory instead of using its drives during the competition. Today Samsung sells 2.5D memory cards that hold 128GB each.
Intel's Xeons with the highest memory capacity can handle 3 terabytes of memory per chip and motherboards are being sold that can hold 3 terabytes of Samsung's 2.5D memory. 2.5D means that four layers of chips are “soldered” on top of each other. (Cheaper non-Xeon systems now hold as much as 128GB 2D memory which is pretty good for a home computer.)
Computers Programming Computers
Nvidia's CEO Jen-Hsun Huang said, “AI is going to increase in capability faster than Moore's Law. I believe it's a kind of hyper Moore's Law phenomenon because it has the benefit of continuous learning. It has the benefit of large-scale networked continuous learning. Today, we roll out a new software package, fix bugs, update it once a year. That rhythm is going to change. Software will learn from experience much more quickly. Once one smart piece of software on one device learns something, then you can over-the-air (OTA) it across the board. All of a sudden, everything gets smarter.”
Computers Designing Chips
Since the mid-1970s, programs have been used to design chips as chips have become too complicated for any team of humans to handle. (Nvidia's Tesla P100 GPUs have 150 billion transistors when you include the memory “soldered” to the top of them!)
A quantum leap in chip design may happen in the near future as Nvidia recently built a supercomputer for internal research out of mainly Nvidia Tesla P100 GPUs. This supercomputer was ranked 28 out of all computers in the world. What will this computer be used for?
Nvidia said, “We're also training neural networks to understand chipset design and very-large-scale-integration, so our engineers can work more quickly and efficiently. Yes, we're using GPUs to help us design GPUs.”
This is a very interesting area to watch as today's chips are so complicated that they are likely very inefficient with massive speedups being available if we could find a better way to optimize them. An example of the gains possible is that Nvidia got about a 50% performance increase between its Kepler and Maxwell generations despite both microarchitectures using the same 28nm technology.
Conclusion
The new Virtual Moore's Law is already having a massive effect. Jen-Hsun said, “By collaborating with AI developers, we continued to improve our GPU designs, system architecture, compilers, and algorithms, and sped up training deep neural networks by 50x in just three years — a much faster pace than Moore's Law.”
With chips going vertical, chip architectures going massively parallel, lightning-fast data, computers programming computers, and computers designing chips, the Singularity is closer than you think!
Technical Note for Geeks
Here is what I actually meant by “soldered”:
Conventional chip packages interconnect die stacks using wire bonding, whereas in TSV packages, the chip dies are ground down to a few dozen micrometers, pierced with hundreds of fine holes and vertically connected by electrodes passing through the holes, allowing for a significant boost in signal transmission. TSV stands for Through-Silicon Vias.
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
SANTA FE, N.M. — Former Gov. Gary Johnson isn't a fan of a bill that would expand New Mexico's “three strikes” laws for repeat violent offenders.
In a letter that was read out today on the Senate floor by Sen. Peter Wirth, D-Santa Fe, Johnson wrote the legislation would not deter crime and could have negative consequences.
“Contrary to their intent, mandatory minimum laws like ‘three strikes' do little to reduce crime,” Johnson said. “They do, however, help drive prison overcrowding and demand substantial increases in corrections spending.”
Gov. Susana Martinez is backing the three-strikes legislation, which was already approved in the House and is scheduled to be debated tonight in the Senate Public Affairs Committee.
While both Johnson and Martinez are Republicans, the two have sparred previously and are cut from a different political cloth.
Backers of the three-strikes measure, House Bill 56, say a string of high-profile crimes in the Albuquerque area last year show a need for tougher sentencing laws and penalties.
Family members of some of the victims have made frequent appearances at the Roundhouse during this year's 30-day legislative session, testifying in support of the three-strikes bill and other tough-on-crime measures.
Johnson served as New Mexico's governor from 1995 through 2002. He was the Libertarian Party's nominee for president in 2012 and is running again for the nation's highest office this year.
“A race divided, whom the sloping rays; the rising and the setting sun surveys…” Most researchers assume that the ancient assertion of Kushites ruling the Middle East from Phoenicia to Syria is pure myth, however seals and other inscriptions of the Hyksos King Apophis suggest there may be some truth to the stories told by famous figures such as Homer and Strabo.
Greco-Roman Authors on the Kush
Around 800 BC, the Greek poet Homer mentions the Aethiopians, or Kushites, in the Iliad and the Odyssey. Homer said that the Kushites were “the most just of men, the favorites of the Gods”.
To the Greeks and Romans there were two Kush empires, one in Africa and the other in Asia. Homer alluded to the two Kushite empires when he wrote in the Odyssey i.23: “a race divided, whom the sloping rays; the rising and the setting sun surveys”. In the Iliad. i.423, Homer wrote that Zeus went to Kush to banquet with the blameless Ethiopians .
In 64 BC, the Greek geographer and historian Strabo stated in Chapter 1 of Geography that there were two Kush empires - one in Asia and another in Africa. In addition to Kush in Nubia and Upper Egypt, some Greco-Roman authors considered their presence in southern Phoenicia up to Mount Amanus in Syria.
Most researchers have assumed that the Greco-Roman assertion that the Kushites ruled the Middle East from Phoenicia to Syria was a myth, however seals and other inscriptions of the Hyksos King Apophis suggest that the ancient authors were right.
King Apophis and the Hyksos Rulers
The Hyksos ruled Egypt from about 1650-1550 BC. There were five Hyksos kings, but the most famous was Apophis. King Apophis ruled both Lower and Upper Egypt. We don't know how long Apophis ruled Upper Egypt and Kush in Nubia, but it is said his reign lasted 40-50 years.
A representation of King Apophis. (Author provided)
Apophis' Horus name, Shetep-tawy, was found on an offering table. Pharaoh Apophis had three praenomina or throne names: Neb-khepesh-Re ( nb ḫpš r ˁ), A-qenen-Re ( ˁ3 ḳn n rˁ ) and A-user-Re ( ˁ3 wsr rˁ ) during different parts of his 40-50 reign.
Left: Grey/black granite offering table originally of the 12th dynasty, later reused and dedicated to the god Seth by the king Aaqenenre (Apophis) during the 15th dynasty. ( Public Domain ) Right: Drawing of the same artifact. (Author provided)
Apophis maintained the traditions of the Egyptians during his rule. He is credited with encouraging his scribes to copy priceless Egyptian texts including the 'Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus' (the oldest known surgical handbook), ‘the Rhind Mathematical Papyrus' (which explains Egyptian mathematical theory) and the ‘Westcar Papyrus.' These texts would have been lost to mankind if not for the foresight of Pharaoh Apophis.
Rulers Acknowledging Their Origins
It is interesting that Apophis and the other rulers of the Hyksos Dynasty called themselves heqa khasut on their seals and a monumental doorjamb from Avaris. This is epigraphic evidence indicating that the Hyksos called themselves Kings of the Khas. The Hyksos worshiped Seth, the god of Avaris, and Ra.
Scarab bearing the name of the Hyksos pharaoh Apophis. Made of steatite, from the time of the Second Intermediate Period. (Keith Schengili-Roberts/ CC BY SA 2.5 )
Most researchers have translated heqa Khas as “King of foreign lands,” but this is probably an incorrect translation because the Hyksos Kings were rulers of Egypt - not a foreign land. I believe that Apophis and the other Hyksos kings were acknowledging their Kushite origins. They used Khas in reference to the fact that, although they came from Asia, they were Kushites. This view is supported by the fact that the term Khas was only used to refer to the rulers of Kush during the Old Kingdom and the area around Avaris and Sharuhen during the Second Intermediate Period.
Some three centuries after the first recorded major encounter between the Egyptians and the Kushites, King Snofru of Egypt is recorded to have attacked the land of the Kush in Nubia, bringing 7,000 living prisoners and 200,000 large and small cattle.
Sculpture depicting the head of a Kushite Ruler, ca. 716-702 BC. (Brooklyn Museum/ Public Domain )
An administrator of the Old Kingdom named Weni used the term Heqe Khas for the Kushites. James Henry Breasted, in Ancient Records of Egypt, Part One , translated Weni's inscription as follows:
“His majesty made war on the Asiatic Sand-dwellers and his majesty made an army of many ten thousands; in the entire South, southward to Elephantine, and northward to Aphroditopolis [Busiris]; in the Northland on both sides entire in the [stronghold], and in the midst of the [strongholds], among the Irthet negroes, the Mazoi negroes, the Yam negroes, among the Wawat negroes, among the Kau negroes, and in the land of Temeh.”
We learn from the Weni Inscription that Kushites lived in Nubia. Breasted's translation of the Weni Inscription indicates that Heqe Khasut was not always translated as ‘Kings Foreign “, the original meaning of ḥḳЗ (Heqa) ḫЗs (Khas), was “Kings Negroland “, as indicated in the Breasted translation. There was no such place as ‘Negroland', it was a Eurocentric term where Blacks were supposed to live. So, the actual meaning was ‘Kings Khas' or kings of the Kushite.
Hyksos Scarab with ‘Foreign King's' Name. ( Public Domain )
The term Haqe Khas (xЗs) was related to Wawat rulers and was translated as “Rulers of Negroland. The Egyptian elements / -u-t/ were added to Khas to make it plural and denote a nationality. The Weni Inscription makes it clear that the name Khas was made up of three N25 signs from Gardiner's List of Egyptian Signs . The N25 sign also represents Kash = Kush. The meaning of N25 as Kush and Kushite is obvious in the Hyksos scarabs, where we see N25 as the people the Hyksos Kings ruled.
Weni Inscription column 46: Titles of Wawat Rulers. (Egyptsearch Forum/Author provided)
Kushite Occupation and Influence
The Hyksos, according to John Bright and Robert Drews, included Hurrians and Hattians. The Hattians lived in Anatolia.
When they migrated from Middle Africa to Asia, the Kushites continued to call themselves Kushites. This is most evident in place names and the names of gods. The Kassites, chief rulers of Iran, occupied the central part of the Zagros. The Kassite god was called Kashshu, which was also the name of the people. The K-S-H, name element is also found in India. For example, Kishkinthai was the name applied to an ancient Dravidian kingdom in South India. It should also be remembered that the kings of Sumer were often referred to as the " Kings of Kush".
Zagros Mountains. (Stefan Jürgensen/ CC BY NC ND 2.0 )
The Hattians worshipped Kasku and Kusuh. The Hatti controlled the city state of Kussara. Kussara was situated in southern Anatolia. The Hatti were especially prominent in the Pontic mountains. Hatti's sister nation in the Halys Basin were the Kaska tribes. The Kaska and Hattians share the same names for their gods, along with personal and place names. The Kaska had a strong empire which was never defeated by the Hittites.
The Hatti were probably one of the Kushite tribes in Nubia during the Old Kingdom. During the Fifth Dynasty of Egypt (2563-2423) in the reign of Sahure there is mention of the Tehenu people.
The C-Group people occupied the Sudan and Fezzan regions between 3700-1300 BC and were called Tmhw (Temehus). The Temehus were organized into two groups: the Thnw (Tehenu) in the North and the Nhsj (Nehesy) in the South. A Tehenu personage is depicted on Amratian period pottery. The Tehenu wore a pointed beard, a phallic-sheath, and feathers on their head.
Tehenu depicted on Amratian pottery. (Author provided)
Sahure referred to the Tehenu leader as “Hati Tehenu”. The name Hati corresponds to the name Hatti - a tribe in Anatolia. However, the Hatti people often referred to themselves as Kashkas.
Egyptian Khas corresponds to Kashkas, the name for the Hattians. This means that N25 represented the name Kash and Khas for the ethnonym Kushite during the 5th Dynasty of Egypt. The Egyptian term Khasut has three different elements for the ethnonym Khas: Kas(ka)/Kush. Plus, the /-u/ which is the Egyptian plural marker, while the Egyptian /-t/ was a suffix that signified 'land, people'.
During the 5th Dynasty of Egypt, the Kushites lived in hilly areas. Thus, the Egyptians often referred to the Kushites as hill people. This is supported by the various meanings of Gardiner's Egyptian sign N25. The N25 sign from Gardiner's List of Egyptian Signs; xЗs Khas or kЗs, meaning Kush.
Heqe Khas – Ruler of Kushites. (Author Provided)
Asian Kushites
The Old Kingdom rulers of Egypt called the Kushites Heqa Khasut. The Egyptians called the Asians generically Aam, but they had different names for Asian tribes. This is proven because the Hyksos called themselves Heqa Khas, instead of Habiru, demonstrating that they were given this title because they were Kushites - like the Kushite people living at Kerma in Nubia. The use of Khas to denote Kushite for the Asian Kushites would support Homer and Strabo's writings. There were many Asian tribes who recognized a Kushite ancestry.
The heqa khas, "ruler(s) of the Kushites" or Hyksos/Hykussos, were Hattians or Kashkas. In other words, they were Kushites. This is obvious in their name khas, which corresponds to Kaska. The name heqa khas was first used in the Old Kingdom to refer to the Kushite Nubian chieftains.
Nubian Pharaohs. ( Public Domain )
Carnarvon Tablet I mentions the interception and capture of a courier bearing a message from Apepi/ Apophis at Avaris to his ally, the ruler of the Kingdom of Kush (modern Sudan), requesting the latter's urgent support against the threat posed by Kamose's activities against both their kingdoms. The Hyksos/Hykussos expected the Kushites in Nubia to support them in their war with the Egyptians.
This provides more evidence that the term heqa khas did not mean “ruler(s) of the foreign countries” during the Old Kingdom, as assumed by most Egyptologists. If heqa khas meant "ruler(s) of the foreign countries", it would have been applied to every foreign country, but foreign kings were usually referred to as wr ‘Chief' instead of heqa, which was reserved for Egyptian rulers (as noted by Camille DiBiase Dyson in, Foreigners and Egyptians in the Late Egyptian Stories .)
In summary, Apophis and the other Hyksos kings have left us many inscriptions where they declared they were Kings of the Kushites, heqa khas, between 1650-1550. The Egyptians called the Asians ‘Aamw, but the Hyksos referred to themselves as heqa khas.
Dagger with name of king Apophis, Cairo Egyptian Museum. ( CC BY 3.0 )
The New Kingdom lasted from 1549-1292. During that period Egyptians used the name Aamw as a generic name for Asians and the term Habiru as an ethnonym for one of the Asian tribes. It is clear that if Habiru and Heqa Khas were the same people they would have had the same name - given the fact that the New Kingdom began at the end of the Heqa Khas Dynasty.
The Egyptian phrase heqa khas “King of the Kushites” makes it clear s ome of the Hyksos were Hurrians and Hattians. The Hattians and Kaska tribes are the Kushites Homer and Strabo claimed lived in Asia. The heqa khas were by no means the first Asians to settle in Lower Egypt, prompting some to suggest that there was no major battle, just a steady influx of settlers who worked themselves into positions of power while retaining their own cultural differences.
Evidence from the excavation at Tell el-Dab'a (Avaris) confirms that the settlement was constantly evolving and changing as the new Asian cultures adapted to the Egyptian way of life. Settlements discovered in Tell el-Ajjul (southern Palestine), Ebla (Syria), and Byblos (Lebanon) share many characteristics with the Hyksos settlement at Tell el Dab'a. No matter the changes Asians brought to Lower Egypt, Apophis maintained Egyptian traditions, arts, and sciences and left an important testimony to the rulers of the Kushites in Lower Egypt.
An earlier group of Asiatic peoples depicted entering Egypt ( CC BY SA 3.0 )
Top Image: Representational image of a pharaoh from ‘Pharaoh Notes the Importance of the Jewish People,' by James Jacques Joseph Tissot. Source: Public Domain
By Clyde Winters
Great Catholic Parishes: How Four Essential Practices Make Them Thrive
by william e. simon, jr.
ave maria press, 202 pages, $17.95
What is a Catholic parish? The Code of Canon Law states: “A parish is a certain community of Christ's faithful stably established within a particular Church, whose pastoral care, under the authority of the diocesan Bishop, is entrusted to a parish priest as its proper pastor” (canon 515). A parish is made up of a priest and his people who come together to worship God, to receive the help of the sacraments, to hear God's word proclaimed and explained, to carry out the spiritual and corporal works of mercy, and to bring the good news of salvation to those who do not yet know Christ or His Church.
In Great Catholic Parishes, William E. Simon, Jr. has undertaken to set forth what makes for dynamic parishes. Simon earlier founded an organization, Parish Catalyst, to study parish life in America. Simon calls the staff of Parish Catalyst the “co-authors” of this book, which is the fruit of extensive interviews with 244 pastors around the country (60 percent drawn from the Northeast and Midwest, 40 percent from the South and West).
As a pastor who has served in two parishes in New York City during the past eighteen years, I found Simon's book eye-opening—as when I read that 10 percent of the parishes surveyed take in over two million dollars annually in the offertory collection. Wow.
But money cannot buy dynamic parish life. Simon proposes, instead, four important characteristics: Great parishes share leadership; they foster spiritual maturity and plan for discipleship; they excel on Sundays; and they evangelize.
These characteristics of healthy parishes are not controversial. What may be controversial is the order in which Simon proposes them. Simon seems to imply that the first thing a parish needs in order to thrive is shared leadership. In practice, this means the involvement of both paid and volunteer lay people to carry out tasks that in the past were mostly done by the pastor and his priest assistants, often with the help of women religious. In this scenario, the success of a parish is highly dependent upon its ability to hire a stable staff of lay people. This of course requires that the parish have sufficient income to cover the costs involved. Wealthy parishes will have the means to hire what Simon calls “lay professional ministers.” Many parishes, in my experience, are not in a position to do this.
I would have preferred that the third characteristic of thriving parishes (“they excel on Sundays”) be the interpretative key that guides the discussion of the other three. Simon rightly emphasizes the importance of good preaching and sacred music at Mass. People are more motivated to attend Mass regularly at a parish where the homilies and the music are good. This has always been true, but it is perhaps more important today than in the past. Why? Because of the breakdown in our day of the previous discipline of Sunday attendance at one's geographical parish.
The Code of Canon Law specifies: “As a general rule a parish is to be territorial, that is, it is to embrace all Christ's faithful of a given territory” (canon 518). But 26 percent of the parishes surveyed for Simon's book are identified as “destination parishes,” meaning that a significant proportion of the parishioners live outside the “territory” of the parish. These parishioners travel the extra distance because they like the way the Mass is celebrated, and they like other features of the parish. This practice is good news for the receiving parish, and bad news for the geographical parish.
This relatively new reality of “destination” Catholic parishes forms the unspoken backdrop of Simon's book. In some ways, these destination Catholic parishes are coming to resemble Protestant mega-churches in size and style and wealth. They may be the only parish in the area with a Catholic school, and thus come in contact with a much wider group of Catholics. They can afford a large lay staff to run multiple programs, and they can meet the costs associated with professional choirs, musicians, and technological innovations. They are indeed, in some clear ways, very successful parishes. But they are not numerous, in my experience. And their success in some cases may be a result of the relative failure of the neighboring parishes to be “competitive in the marketplace.”
Given the realities of shifting and aging populations and the number of easily reachable neighboring parishes, most parishes rise and fall on the conscientiousness of the pastor and, if he is so blessed, his priest associate(s) in carrying out their priestly duties. Absent that, the parish will likely fall somewhere on the spectrum from struggling to just getting by. In parishes where the pastor and parochial vicars focus on sacramental life and on preaching and teaching the faith at Mass and at other opportunities, there will be a renewal of the faith of the parishioners. But even in the best cases, this renewal will not occur overnight.
Simon accurately identifies what can be a major problem for parishes seeking to thrive: the transfer of the pastor after six or twelve years. A number of the thriving parishes in this survey have pastors who have been with their parishes for longer than twelve years (the range of time as pastor went from one year to thirty-nine years). One benefit of a pastorate without a set term is that the pastor is able and motivated to assemble a team of parishioners and, as feasible, paid co-workers to pursue a plan of action that over time becomes the rhythm of life of the parish. This pastor has no “shelf life” issue limiting his efficacy or causing him to lose interest in his parish. In my experience, it takes more than six or twelve years for a pastor to build up his parish.
In Great Catholic Parishes, Simon has gathered a useful set of facts and analyses. His conclusions should prompt all Mass-goers, including pastors, to ask themselves whether they are doing their share to make their parishes thrive.
The Rev. Gerald E. Murray, J.C.D. is pastor of Holy Family Church in New York.
Become a fan of First Things on Facebook, subscribe to First Things via RSS, and follow First Things on Twitter.
When my very pregnant friend called recently to tell me that she had arranged for her placenta to be encapsulated and invited me to come watch the whole process, it was a dream come true. I had been passively bringing it up in conversation for nine months.
“I heard some ladies like to eat their placentas because it gives them nutrients that they would otherwise lose after giving birth.”
“Really?”
“Oh yeah, they're like, really nutritious and shit…”
But while I talked confidently about the process with my friend, I had heard stories from other women about bureaucratic nightmares that required paying a coroner to transport the placenta from the hospital to a funeral home, and then convincing the funeral home to “release” the placenta to you, so you can take it back to your house and eat it. The people I had spoken with weren't Canadian, though, and after doing a bit of research, I learned that our laws here are way more lax—taking your placenta home in Canada is as easy as putting it in a plastic bag and saying "bye". Also, it helps to tell the hospital that it's for religious purposes. Otherwise they're all like, “???”
Women choose to consume their placentas, technically known as placentophagy, because giving birth is a painful, kooky process that tends to suck the life out of everyone who experiences it, and the placenta has a buttload of nutrients in it that some say can help curb postpartum depression. Pretty much all other mammals (except for camelids, but I mean, come on, look at them) eat their placentas in a bloody, gore-filled wrath as soon as their babies pop out.
My friend's placenta, smiling for the camera.
As you can see, placentas are pretty much just as disgusting as any other animal by-product that you would come across in a grocery store. The first steps in preparing it for consumption, I learned, are to remove the umbilical cord and the membrane-sac thingy that held the baby in place, and then drain the veins of excess blood.
Boop. It smelled like metal and pussy.
Stacey, our chef and a former placenta curator from an Amazonian utopia, I'm pretty sure, said that even if they effect her capsules produced was only a placebo, the tedious process was still worth it because postpartum is such a debilitating experience to go through.
As a person who is no stranger to eating her own bodily fluids, it felt really nice to be able to speak with someone who didn't give a fuck about consuming placentas. She was very knowledgeable and relaxed, with a no-bullshit attitude that made me want to spread the word about weird shit going on in the postnatal health world, even if it is borne out of my own novelty seeking.
After Stacey got my friend's placenta cleaned up, we put it in this steamer to cook. Then she told us a story about a woman who prepared her placenta in lasagna and shared it with her family as a communal gift. We laughed.
I told Stacy that I was getting hungry, and that I desperately wanted to eat my friend's placenta. “This isn't going to do anything for you,” she said. “A woman's placenta works specifically for her because it's already prepared with the nutrients that her body needs.”
I was crestfallen, but I knew she was right—every body is different. New mothers are prescribed medications to balance out their hormone levels and bring their energy back up to par, although I don't think that would be necessary if everyone practiced autocannibalism.
Mmm… baby sacs.
“So, it's full of iron, eh?” I asked, feeling slightly discomforted by the pungent smell of metal assaulting my olfactory.
“Yeah, it's loaded with iron,” said Stacey.
I realized then that it had been nearly a decade since I've touched iron-rich foods. I've always attributed my deep disdain for red meat to the fact that my blood type metabolizes iron easily. It's like my tongue just knows what nutrients my body needs. Sort of like how babies just know how to suck on titties or how mammals know to stick this bloody baby sac back into their bodies. Despite the fact that I wouldn't be getting any nutritional value out of my friend's placenta, I was still determined to eat it. The thought of putting this shit into my mouth made me feel like a savage animal—both disgusted and honored to have it become a part of me.
Next, the pieces of my friend's placenta got dehydrated until they turned out looking like bacon strips. Little baby bacon strips.
Then Stacey blended the pieces into a encapsulate-able powder.
It didn't take long before 125 capsules of postpartum magic were produced right before my eyes. So, naturally, I rocketed one into my mouth as soon as I got the chance.
It tasted so fucking pungent, like crackers, steak, and a scrap-metal junkyard. But in a lasagna, I can definitely see it blending in, no problem. Actually, if you are considering getting your placenta encapsulated after all this, I would say it's fair to just skip the banality of the preparation process and cook it yourself. Encapsulation took a full day, but you could just put it in a sandwich. I imagine it would make a decent PLT.
Stacey saved a piece of the raw placenta and fermented it into a tincture. She suggested that my friend keep it until menopause, so that she can use it yet again for its hormone-balancing benefits.
After everything is said and done, I would give my friend's placenta four magic postpartum-depression antidotes out of five.
If, for some unfathomable reason, you're still not convinced that you want to eat the giant pouch you shit out of your pussy, please check out Placentabenefits.info for more information.
Previously by Kara Crabb - Myths About Science Education
@karacrabb
Pope Francis waves as he leaves at the end of his weekly general audience in St. Peter's Square on Jan. 15, 2014. (Photo11: By Andrew Medichini, AP) Story Highlights Pope also warned obsessive desire to stay connected can actually isolate people
Francis suggested Catholics shouldn't be arrogant in insisting that they alone possess the truth
Archbishop said the message was merely a reflection, not a dogmatic text
VATICAN CITY (AP) — The Internet is a "gift from God" that facilitates communication, Pope Francis said in a statement released Thursday, but he warns that the obsessive desire to stay connected can actually isolate people from their friends and family.
Francis made the observations in a message about Catholic Church communications, meditating on the marvels and perils of the digital era and what that means for the faithful going out into the world and interacting with people of different faiths and backgrounds.
In comments that will likely rile the more conservative wing of the church, Francis suggested that in engaging in that dialogue, Catholics shouldn't be arrogant in insisting that they alone possess the truth.
"To (have a) dialogue means to believe that the 'other' has something worthwhile to say, and to entertain his or her point of view and perspective," Francis wrote. "Engaging in dialogue does not mean renouncing our own ideas and traditions, but the pretense that they alone are valid and absolute."
According to church teaching distilled by then-Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger, the Catholic Church holds the "fullness of the means of salvation" — a message that has long been taken to mean that only Catholics can find salvation. Church teaching also holds that those who don't know about Jesus but seek God can also attain eternal salvation.
Pope Benedict XVI was a strong proponent of engaging in interreligious dialogue, but Francis has offered a softer approach in his sermons and gestures. In one famous off-the-cuff homily, he suggested that even atheists can find salvation. He also riled some conservatives when he washed the feet of two Muslims during the Holy Thursday re-enactment of Christ washing the feet of his apostles.
Archbishop Claudio Mario Celli, the head of the Vatican's social communications office, said he didn't think Francis was making an official policy statement on interreligious dialogue, noting that the message was merely a reflection, "not a conciliar or dogmatic text."
But he acknowledged that Francis is shaking things up in much the same "providential" way Pope John XXIII shook up the church in launching the Second Vatican Council.
"We are realizing that there are sensations of, I wouldn't say difficulty, but of discomfort sometimes in certain circles," he said. "I think step by step we must rediscover a sense of the path, of what the pope wants to tell us."
In his message Thursday, Francis said the Internet offers "immense possibilities" to encounter people from different cultural and traditional backgrounds and show solidarity with them.
"This is something truly good, a gift from God," he wrote. But he warned: "The desire for digital connectivity can have the effect of isolating us from our neighbors, from those closest to us."
He called for communications in the digital era to be like "a balm which relieves pain and a fine wine which gladdens hearts" and for the church's message to not be one of bombarding others with Christian dogma.
"May the light we bring to others not be the result of cosmetics or special effects, but rather of our being loving and merciful neighbors to those wounded and left on the side of the road," he said.
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/KMINGV
Media playback is not supported on this device Van Gaal makes me stronger - Depay
Manchester United forward Memphis Depay says his new boss Louis van Gaal is a "great manager" who can make players better - and is the reason he chose to join the club over Paris St-Germain.
The £31m summer signing from PSV Eindhoven said he improves with every training session under his compatriot.
In a wide-ranging interview with BBC Sport, the 21-year-old said he wants to become a "legend" at Old Trafford.
He also spoke to former United striker Ruud van Nistelrooy about the move.
Depay was speaking after scoring his first goal for the club in a 3-1 pre-season win over Major League Soccer side San Jose Earthquakes.
On Van Gaal
Media playback is not supported on this device Memphis Depay at the World Cup
Depay played under Van Gaal, 63, for the Netherlands at last year's World Cup, scoring twice in four appearances.
"I don't want to say he is a father figure. But he is a great manager. He can make players better.
"My experience when I went to the World Cup, and even before, was that I felt I was a better player every time I trained with him. I felt stronger. I felt fit.
"I am very hungry and I want to do everything better so I become a better player."
On his aims at United
"I want to be a legend at some time. But the important thing to do is to focus on the next game... because I have to do my job in every game."
On interest from other clubs
Paris St-Germain and Tottenham were among the clubs linked with Depay before he moved to Old Trafford.
"When United came, my decision was made. After they came, I spoke with the manager and it was very clear for me."
On talking to Van Nistelrooy
Dutch striker Van Nistelrooy scored 150 goals in five seasons at Old Trafford
"We spoke about how big the club was, how the fans are. But we will speak in the future about other things. He is a legend at Manchester United."
On himself
Depay was four years old when his father left, so he prefers to have 'Memphis' on the back of his shirt rather than his surname. He is heavily tattooed, with one in honour of his grandad, who died a day after Depay's 15th birthday.
"Those things are a part of my life. It is not a part of football. It is a different thing. I have a life next to football.
"I have been through little situations. That makes me strong. I enjoy my tattoos, as you can see. I am the person I am. Everybody has to respect that."
On setting goalscoring targets
"I never do that. It is important to do well for the team. If I score goals or get assists, I will do that. I will put pressure on myself to play well in every game but I have to improve. The Premier League is different."
Depay netted 22 goals to finish as the Eredivisie's top scorer last season.
On what United could achieve
"We have real qualities. We have to prove that in the games. We have to be creative. The defence has to be strong so we win games and we can play for trophies."
On winning the Premier League
"It is realistic. We are Manchester United."
About This Game
Key features:
A different dungeon every time you play!
Nine different game flavors to choose from!
- Collect treasures and glory in Action Recipe!
- Enter the service of the King in Adventure Mix!
- Save your friends in Rescue Relish!
- Plumb the dark depths of the dungeon in Dark Roast!
- Explore in utter darkness in Soul Succor!
- Survive brutal boss encounters in Boss Blend!
- Hone your skills in Practice Formula!
- Simmer down with Weak Sauce!
- And test your sanity in the mixed up world of Maxima Mash!
- Collect treasures and glory in Action Recipe! - Enter the service of the King in Adventure Mix! - Save your friends in Rescue Relish! - Plumb the dark depths of the dungeon in Dark Roast! - Explore in utter darkness in Soul Succor! - Survive brutal boss encounters in Boss Blend! - Hone your skills in Practice Formula! - Simmer down with Weak Sauce! - And test your sanity in the mixed up world of Maxima Mash! Infinite levels!
Six unique boss stages!
Eleven lovable player characters to choose from!
Sixteen wild weapons and spells to collect and conjure!
Procedurally layered music, a different soundtrack every time you play!
Dynamic lighting effects!
You know the feeling, you just got home from another grueling day at the office, or you're stuck at the airport for yet another layover, or maybe you just got dumped again! You just want to relax and enjoy yourself for a change.What you need is some serious deep dungeon delving. But you don't have time for memorizing complex skill trees, crafting charts, or upgrade scales. That's not to mention sitting through ceaseless cut scenes, endless dialogue trees, or boring tutorials.No worries! Instant Dungeon has got you covered! Just choose from one of the nine unique flavors, press go, and presto! Instant dungeon will instantly create a new dungeon just for you! Complete with glittering treasures, vicious monsters, brutal boss battles, wild power ups and most importantly fun, Fun, FUN!Instant Dungeon! mixes dungeon exploration with arcade action in the vein of the classic maze games from the 80s (eg. Pacman, et. al.).
The purpose, according to a small group I met with at Goed Zuur in the city's Five Points neighborhood last night, is to push the education, quality, and nomenclature of sour beer in America.
“The ‘Sour on Sour' discussion at CBC in Philly two years ago was the impetus to form a guild,” Stuffings said, referring to the panel discussion led by Lauren Limbach (formerly Salazar) and Good Beer Hunting alongside Goodwin, Andrew Emerton (New Belgium), and Brandon Jones (Yazoo + Milk the Funk), which was attended by a couple hundred brewers. “This will try to address, at least partially, some of those issues.”
“This will pick up where that Slack left off,” Goodwin added, referring to the collaboration app community GBH started after the CBC panel.
The guild concept got a second bump during the Wicked Weed invitational from 2016 when a room full of sour producers discussed similar topics. Says Stuffings: “We started talking about establishing a guild. Not a whole lot happened after that. We were all too busy. But we met with Erin Jones [of Burial Beer Co.] at Fonta Flora this past summer, and Erin volunteered to help create some momentum.”
This week, that momentum came to a head.
“While the original panel was about nomenclature, how you name things and talk about them,” Goodwin recalled, “the guild will be about advocacy. More of a democratic community of sour brewers who can help each other out.”
When asked how labeling sour beers and advocacy differ, Stuffings explained: “One is more enforcement, one is more helpful. The difference between a law and a guideline. A place for conversation to live.”
This perspective may have fresh learnings built into it from the recent debate regarding Jester King's own foray into nomenclature with the Mèthode Gueuze certification the brewery sought to institute for American producers of Lambic- and Gueuze-inspired beers. After a great deal of consternation and pushback from Belgium's High Council for Artisanal Lambic Beers (HORAL), who vigorously claimed the term denigrated their traditional and rights to own the term “Gueuze,” Jester King relented and introduced Mèthode Traditionnelle instead. As no good deed goes unpunished in craft beer, that compromise found its own critics, some brewers going so far as to call the entire venture a capitalistic marketing ploy to up prices of sour beer in America.
For his part, Stuffings wishes he could reverse the sequence.
“At this point, I view Mèthode Traditionnelle and the guild as separate,” he explained. “I see SWAG as a committee creating some recommendations when it comes to sour beer nomenclature, taxonomy, and working with the BA to restructure the style guidelines for competitions like GABF. Given the nature of how Méthode Traditionnelle came about, there was a bit of time pressure from HORAL saying, ‘We want this resolved.' They weren't going to sue us, but they wanted it resolved. We felt it needed to happen in a shorter timeframe.”
In the end, Stuffings feels like Mèthode Traditionnelle is not what it was meant to be, and thinks focusing on the Guild's goals is more in line with the original intent.
“I'm not wanting to be the cop on the block for spontaneous fermentation inspired by Lambic and Gueuze in the U.S.,” he says. “I was a reluctant warrior on this topic, getting sucked into wanting to resolve the issue of what to call Lambic- or Gueuze-inspired beer in the U.S. Seeking Jean [van Roy's] counsel, and not talking to HORAL created a mess, frankly.”
Looking ahead, there are challenges on both the professional and consumer side SWAG is looking to meet—needs not being met by other organizations.
“Education is a big one,” Erin Jones said. “Being a resource for all the sour brewers in the country, making videos, hosting panels, events. Topics like Méthode Traditionnelle are a rabbit hole, and will take a very long time to resolve”
“Quality is a major goal,” Stuffings added. “Sour beer is in perhaps a better state than it's ever been. But there's an effort to be made collectively.”
“I don't think there's a brewery I've seen open without a sour program lately,” Jones said.
“The expansion of the craft brewing industry and interest in sour beer,” Goodwin said, stretching his arms apart, “the continuum is stretching in both directions. The best is getting better, and frankly, there are so many new brewers and the style is hard to do—a lot of bad examples are being made. That's one of the biggest contributions this guild can make.”
The changes they want to see are apparently not coming from the Brewers Association, the largest organization for craft beer in the world.
“It never occurred to me to work with the BA on this,” Goodwin explained. “I don't know all the internal workings of the BA, but this gives us the ultimate freedom.
“It'll be more focused,” Jones agreed. “They'll be a great resource as we build the guild, and hopefully they'll be supportive. The BA represents all craft beer, and they're a great resource for that. This is focused and important to all of us. The guild would be made up of [only] brewers, but the BA is made up of financial advisers and people like that. This would be people who are working, breathing, making sour beer.”
“I don't feel a huge connection to the BA,” King said. “It's easier to connect to this smaller guild. I don't have a connection with the BA at all. This is such a small niche, and they're trying to appease everybody. If someone from the BA came to me to discuss how we should label our beers, I really wouldn't consider that input. Nothing against the BA—I would be more interested in the point of views of my peers.”
They are hoping the BA will listen, though.
“Revision of competition guidelines,” Stuffing said, when asked about priorities. “They're fairly dated at this point, and don't really encompass all that sour beer has become in the last 5-10 years. We'll have to go through them if we want to see any change.”
Pricing is an ongoing concern for sour beer producers, too. Faster, cheaper techniques for souring create lower prices points that compete with slower, more traditional methods. But that's explicitly off the table for this group as a discussion topic, as it would constitute potential collusion.
“This all goes back to the ‘Sour on Sour' discussion you started,” Stuffings said. “I'd like to see more alignment and agreements, over tables in bars like these, to bring us more focus and bring us together.”
“I'm excited about the consumer marketing piece of it,” Jones added. She's leaving Burial in January to start her own brewery marketing consultancy in Denver. “We're lucky to have the most diehard beers fans as sour beer producers, but it's important for them to see how close we all are, how much we dialog and talk. We're not satellite breweries doing their own things. We can give consumers a way to speak about sour beer. These conversations, these sit-downs, these human beings, it would go along way towards healing to a lot of that.”
—Michael Kiser
Airport police are sifting through stolen luggage recovered from a major raid targeting LAX cargo handlers. Six people have been arrested in the sting. Gordon Tokumatsu reports from LAX for the NBC4 News at 5 p.m. on Thursday, March 27, 2014. (Published Thursday, March 27, 2014)
Several workers at LAX were arrested Wednesday night after police served 25 search warrants, all in connection with the theft of passenger property by airport workers, officials said.
The workers are current and former employees of companies contracted by airlines, primarily to handled baggage. They are accused of stealing luggage and other items in terminals, from airplanes and on the tarmac, authorities said.
Police from both the LAPD and airport officers converged for the raids at the airport and locations across south Los Angeles County, including several homes. Detectives seized jewelry, clothes and other items at the homes when they served 25 search warrants, according to airport police.
A final count regarding the pieces of stolen luggage was expected to be released Thursday. Authorities confirmed Thursday morning that six people were arrested -- four on suspicion of possession of stolen property, two on outstanding warrants.
Trust of Travelers Shaken by Stolen Luggage Revelations
Passengers at LAX are shaken by the news that baggage handlers were stealing items from luggage. Adrian Arambulo reports Thursday March 27, 2014. (Published Thursday, March 27, 2014)
More arrests are possible, according to investigators.
LAX Assistant Police Chief Michael Hyams would not name the contractors involved, but said that "everybody who comes to work for the airport goes through security clearances." The individuals under arrest went through employee background checks before working at the nationa's third-busiest airport, according to airport police.
Police Raid LAX Passenger Property Theft Case
Law enforcement officers raided Los Angeles International Airport on Wednesday night in connection with the theft of passenger property by airport workers. Investigators expect to recover items stolen from countless airport travelers over the last several months. Beverly White reports from Westchester for the NBC4 News at 11 on Wednesday, March 26, 2014. (Published Wednesday, March 26, 2014)
"It's a disappointment, but a fact of life, that sometimes a few people will succumb to the temptations at LAX," said Los Angeles Airport Police Chief Patrick Gannon. "The actions of these few do not represent the nearly 45,000 individuals who work for the nearly 350 employers here at LAX."
NBC News reported Thursday that employees with Menzies Aviation, which has an airport office on World Way West, were arrested in connection with the thefts.
"Menzies never tolerates the theft or destruction of property and requires all of its employees to conduct themselves in an ethical manner and in accordance with all laws and regulations," the company released a statement Thursday.
Workers at LAX in Custody After Raid
Several workers at Los Angeles International Airport were led away in handcuffs after a raid at the airport in connection with the theft of passenger property. Gadi Schwartz reports from LAX for the NBC4 News at 11 on Wednesday, March 26, 2014. (Published Thursday, March 27, 2014)
Company officials said they are cooperating with police.
They also said that every Menzies employee undergoes a thorough company, Los Angeles Airport and U.S. Customs and Border Protection background check prior to employment.
Menzies said the case was limited to a handful of employees, acting independently.
Most of the activity at the airport -- where an estimated 55 million pieces of checked luggage are handled each year -- took place at Terminal 4 and the Tom Bradley International terminal. Other locations included Inglewood and Paramount.
"We want to do everything we can to make sure our passengers have best experience possible and probably one of the things that really contributes to that is when they get to their location, they have all the property they left with," Hyams said.
Police spent the night documenting items that were believed to be stolen from passengers and will try to return those items to their owners.
Police at LAX were also being asked to keep an eye on paparazzi as well on Wednesday night. NBC4's Gadi Schwartz reported that Nicole Kidman, Keith Urban, Khloe Kardashian and Justin Timberlake were at the airport at the time of the arrests.
Total Canadian net worth increased 1.3% (Q/Q) in the second quarter of 2015. National wealth in Canada rose 1.2%, reflecting healthy gains in the value of residential real estate (+1.6%) and durable goods (+3.1%). Canada's net international investment standing moved higher by $10.4 billion, marking the fourth consecutive quarterly increase.
Household net worth advanced 0.9% in 2015Q2, the weakest pace of growth in two years with household debt growing faster than assets. As a result, the household debt to total assets ratio increased slightly to 17.9%. The ratio had been on a general downward trend since 2009. Non-financial assets grew 1.8% - driven by real estate - but a decline in the value of domestic equity markets weighed on financial assets in the quarter. Growth in financial liabilities increased a strong 1.8%, on the back of rising mortgages.
Rising mortgage debt drove total household debt 1.8% higher in the second quarter, accelerating from the 0.7% increase in Q1. After moderating at 163.0% in 2015 Q1, the household credit market debt-to-income ratio moved higher to 164.6%. The household debt service ratio (defined as the total obligated payments of principal and interest paid as a portion of disposable income) was up slightly to 14.1% - above the historical average. Statistics Canada noted that the interest-only debt service ratio remained at 6.3%, near historical lows.
Net worth in the non-financial sector declined for a second consecutive quarter. Financial assets were down 1.2%, while non-financial assets increased 0.5%. The credit market debt-to-equity ratio remained virtually unchanged at 61.9% after rising steadily since the third quarter of 2012.
In the government sector, the net debt burden as a share of GDP continued to climb at a sub-national level, reaching 32.2% in 2015Q2. The ratio for the federal government declined to 31%, coming below the sub-national reading for the second consecutive quarter.
The increase in household debt and the debt-to-income ratio in the second quarter of 2015 came as no surprise. The drop in Canadian borrowing rates through the first half of this year has spurred an increase in household credit growth with the trend rate now at 5.3% Y/Y. Mortgage accumulation (+5.7% Y/Y) has been the main factor contributing to this acceleration, consistent with the surge in housing demand through the first half of this year.
"Our forecast for decent economic growth over the second half of this year will boost incomes, it will still likely be outstripped by debt growth. As such, we expect the household debt-to-income ratio to trend up over the second half of 2015 before stabilizing in 2016 along with a moderation in housing activity", says TD Economics.
Guy Fawkes Mask
In 1605, Catholic renegade Guy Fawkes attempts to blow up The House of Lords in an effort to kill the Protestant King James I. Part of a larger group of mutineers, the responsibility fell on Fawkes to light the fuse, blowing the king sky-high. He is caught and hung, drawn and quartered as an insurgent and terrorist. Revived in the V for Vendetta comic books written by Alan Moore and illustrated by David Lloyd in 1982, the notorious mask that we know now, then became an internet meme. It was first seen on 4chan (an image bulletin board) in 2006 and initially was a stick character called “Epic Fail Guy” who would strut around, failing at everything he did.
The mask was first used by Anonymous in 2008 at the Project Chanology protest - a march on the Church of Scientology. The protest was a response to the church's attempt to remove internet video clips of an interview with celebrity Scientologist, Tom Cruise. The protesters wore the masks to allow them to demonstrate without worrying about being harassed.
In collaboration with CIT
Guy Fawkes Maske uflage nur 999 Exemplare Mit Porzellan-Effekt Echtheits-Zertifikat
The best part about the mobile explosion: There's no shortage of amazing apps to try that can make your life easier.
The worst part: Handing over all your personal information to a new company every time you try one.
Facebook is trying to change that. The company introduced a new way of logging in to mobile applications on Wednesday that will let you try an application without having to hand over all your personal data.
The new feature, dubbed “anonymous login,” promises just that: If you want to test out an app but don't want to hand over your information to a random developer, Facebook's new feature will let you try before you buy.
“It lets you try apps without fear,” Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said at Facebook's f8 developer conference in San Francisco.
To make it work, each app receives a piece of unique identification code which can't be used to tie you back to Facebook. And a Facebook spokesperson confirmed that the developer doesn't get any personal information about the user from Facebook.
That's potentially a great thing for regular folks who don't want to dole out their details around the Internet, but not entirely great for developers, who gain valuable data from login information you've handed over. And another caveat: You won't get the full “friend-connected” experience that the app may offer, since it isn't pulling your information from Facebook.
Still, it's a way for small-time companies to get more people to try their apps out and potentially convert you to a loyal user, rather than having to opt out of trying the app entirely. I look at it as a sort of test drive at a car dealership, with low up-front risk. And it could be a boon for developers who want to try and hook more people into using their apps.
The Annals of Surgery have retracted a paper that used only male pronouns to describe surgeons following outcry from readers.
The journal plans to replace the article — a recent presidential address of the European Surgical Association — with a new version with more “gender inclusive language.”
The problem, said editor Keith D. Lillemoe, is that the address was delivered in April by previous ESA president Marek Krawczyk in Polish. According to an email Krawczyk sent to ESA leadership, which Lillemoe forwarded to us, Krawczyk says the pronoun “his” can include women in Polish.
Still, Lillemoe told us, the journal believed it needed to quickly retract the paper:
In Polish, ‘his' is not a gender specific term, but it is in this country, and we wanted to make it right….We didn't want to make the suggestion that we were not sensitive to gender issues, so we wanted to jump on it quickly.
Lillemoe said the journal realized there was a problem with the paper — titled “Modern Surgeon: Still a Master of his Trade or Just an Operator of Medical Equipment?” — after seeing readers' reactions on Twitter. He added that the paper was reviewed by the ESA, including an editor and two peer-reviewers, but as the publishing journal, Annals should have caught the issue before it went to press:
I'm not making excuses, because it might have slipped by me as well…It's my responsibility, since it's published in the journal.
In his email, Krawczyk writes:
It has never been my [intention] to offend female surgeons by using pronoun HIS only. I admit that the article had originally been written in Polish where HIS as a pronoun is justified by traditional grammar and does not exclude female participants. Obviously, I accept all modifications necessary to avoid any misunderstandings.
Yesterday, the Annals of Surgery tweeted a retraction statement:
We wish to thank our readers for bringing to our attention an important oversight in our editorial process. We recently published the Presidential address of the European Surgical Association entitled ‘Modern Surgeon: Still a Master of his Trade or Just an Operator of Medical Equipment?' Unfortunately our own editorial review did not catch the singular use of male pronouns to refer to surgeons. This does not represent our views at Annals of Surgery and we sincerely apologize for this oversight in our production process. We have immediately taken steps to retract the current paper until it has been revised to gender inclusive language that better reflects all of our values and mission as a profession and journal. We again apologize and are working to resolve this expeditiously.
Lillemoe said he's already seen the edited version, “where the proper pronouns are used throughout.”
Update, 1800 UTC time, July 24, 2017: We heard from Dana Telem, director of the Michigan Comprehensive Hernia Program, who wrote Annals of Surgery about the article when it first appeared:
My thoughts are that unconscious bias is something that exists within our society and is the likely main culprit of the achievement gap in academic surgery. It is not the first time that I have seen this, and there have been many recent articles referencing the way men versus women are addressed and included. What is unique is the way that this was handled. I applaud the integrity and accountability of Annals in addressing this promptly and swiftly. They have led by example and used this as an opportunity to propel gender equity.
Update, 1:49 UTC, 7/25/17: We've heard from Krawczyk directly, who told us:
As I wrote in my previous email, it was not my intention to create the impression that I do not respect women in the profession of surgeon and I want to stress that I have always put women on an equal footing with men in my professional work. The misunderstanding resulted from the grammatical idiosyncrasies of the Polish language. I fully accept any changes that will correct my unintentional error.
Like Retraction Watch? Consider making a tax-deductible contribution to support our growth. You can also follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook, add us to your RSS reader, sign up on our homepage for an email every time there's a new post, or subscribe to our daily digest. Click here to review our Comments Policy. For a sneak peek at what we're working on, click here.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
ALBANY, N.Y. (CBSNewYork/AP) — When her baby boy is born in March, Kim Lyons will have an added worry. The child needs surgery to remove extra fingers and toes. But she'll also have an extra safety net.
Under New York's new paid family leave law, billed as the nation's most generous, she will be able to take eight weeks off from work at half her regular pay.
“I'm so grateful that I'll be able to take more time to spend with my newborn,” said Lyons, who lives in Highland in the Hudson Valley. The baby's father will qualify for paid time-off, too.
On Jan. 1, New York will join California, New Jersey and Rhode Island in requiring employers to give workers paid leave to bond with a baby, care for a close relative with a serious illness or help loved ones during a family member's military deployment.
The new benefits, which apply to 6.4 million private-sector workers, will phase in over four years.
In 2018, employees can take up to eight weeks of paid leave and receive 50 percent of their average wage, up to a cap weekly cap of $652. When the phase-in is complete in 2021, they'll be able to take up to 12 weeks at two-thirds of their average weekly wage.
“This is going to be life-changing, especially for low-wage workers,” said Nancy Rankin, of the Community Service Society, a group that advocates for low-income New Yorkers. “Those are the workers who have little or no savings, are in debt, are barely getting by. It's a real crisis when they have a new child or ill family member.”
Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat, announced the paid leave legislation in his 2016 State of the State speech. He said he regretted not spending more time with his dying father, former Gov. Mario Cuomo, and noted that many people don't have that choice because they can't afford to take time off from work.
He signed the paid leave policy into law in April 2016 along with a $15 minimum wage plan, also being phased in.
Workers — not their employers — will ultimately bear the burden of paying for the leave through a payroll deduction of up to $1.65 a week.
Full-time employees will be eligible after 26 consecutive weeks on the job. Part-time employees qualify after working 175 days in a 52-week period.
“It's the most significant human resources law in the last 30 years,” said Frank Kerbein, director of the Center for Human Resources at the Business Council of New York State, a business lobbying group. “It's going to create a tremendous administrative burden, particularly on smaller employers.”
One staffing and record-keeping headache for employers, Kerbein said, is that leave could theoretically be taken in up to 40 one-day increments over the course of the year. An employee could take off the days a spouse with cancer gets chemotherapy treatment, or days when a child has an asthma attack.
“It's just going to be a challenge in 2018 to get our minds around this complex law,” Kerbein said.
New York's leave policy would be more generous than California's or New Jersey's, which provide six weeks paid leave, and Rhode Island's, which allows for four weeks.
Washington state also enacted a paid family-leave law that will ultimately be more generous than New York's. In 2020, it will provide up to 12 weeks with 90 percent of wages for employees who earn less than the state's average wage, with a weekly cap of $1,000.
“We really should have this at the federal level,” Rankin said. “The United States is the only industrialized nation that doesn't have government-guaranteed paid maternity leave.”
Under the federal Family Medical Leave Act, employers with 50 or more workers must allow parents 12 weeks of job-protected leave to care for a newborn, but the leave is unpaid.
Lyons said she plans to take New York's temporary disability leave benefit, which provides $170 a week for six weeks for an uncomplicated delivery, and then the eight-week paid family leave.
“Without this new law, I wouldn't be able to take that extra time,” she said.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Image copyright AFP
Tens of thousands of Greeks are taking part in the first general strike of 2013, as workers renew their protest over austerity measures.
Crowds marched towards parliament in Athens, beating drums and blowing whistles as part of the 24-hour strike.
Minor clashes broke out at one stage when police fired tear gas at hooded youths throwing stones.
The strike has been called by Greece's two biggest trade unions, representing half the four million-strong workforce.
"We are protesting about pensions, emergency taxes, the high cost of life," retired factory worker Kyriakos Anastassiadis told the Associated Press.
The strike shut schools and left hospitals with emergency staffing. Domestic flights and long-distance train services were cancelled.
Ilias Iliopoulos, secretary-general of Adedy public sector union, said the strike was an attempt to "get rid of the bailout deal".
"A social explosion is very near," he said.
Emergency law
Demonstrations were also being held in Crete and in the second-largest city of Thessaloniki, where some 17,000 people protested peacefully.
The strikes come days before international lenders are due in the capital to discuss the next instalment of a bailout.
The debt-ridden country is being kept afloat by billions of euros from other eurozone countries and the International Monetary Fund.
In return, the government has imposed waves of unpopular spending cuts and tax rises, hitting pay and pensions and sending unemployment soaring to more than 26%.
Strikes and violent protests have become commonplace.
Greece's coalition government secured the latest tranche of bailout money at the end of last year, and Finance Minister Yannis Stournaras told the BBC the worst was over for his country.
However, the BBC's Mark Lowen in Athens says the strike is a reminder that government confidence in a slowly improving economic situation is not shared by many on the streets.
Our correspondent says the only difference between Wednesday's strike and earlier protests is that public transport has been largely unaffected.
Prime Minister Antonis Samaras's eight-month-old government has taken a tough line on strikers, invoking an emergency law twice in recent months to order seamen and metro staff back to work.
But despite such measures, strikes have recently picked up.
A one-day visit by French President Francois Hollande on Tuesday went largely unreported because Greek journalists were on strike.
Our correspondent says more than 20 general strikes since the crisis erupted have failed to change government policies, and this one is unlikely to be any different.
War of the Worlds Sequel to Be Published in 2017
"Steve has a great track record of collaborating with other authors," said Marcus Gipps, commissioning editor at Gollancz, which will publish the sequel. "I've seen early material from this remarkable new project and can't wait to unleash Steve's new Martian terror upon the world."
A sequel to the alien invasion classic War of the Worlds by H.G. Wells is coming out in a little over a year. The book will be called The Massacre of Mankind, and will be written by British hard sci-fi author Stephen Baxter. According to BBC , it will "see the Martians from Wells's story invading Earth once more, having learned from the mistakes they made first time around."War of the Worlds has spawned a radio adaptation (which famously made people think the world was actually coming to an end), stage adaptations, and two feature films, most recently the Tom Cruise and Dakota Fanning starrer in 2005. There's never been a canonical sequel, however, because the copyright on the original novel, which came out in 1898, expires on December 31, 2016. The sequel is coming out less than three weeks later, on January 19, 2017, because we're vultures.Although we don't think War of the Worlds really needs a sequel, if someone has to do it, Baxter seems like a great person for the job. He's known for his heavily research-based and realistic sci-fi novels, including the Philip K. Dick Award-winning The Time Ships and Vacuum Diagrams, and even has degrees in mathematics and engineering. He's also been influenced by Wells for his entire career; The Time Ships is actually a prequel to Wells's The Time Machine.After the financial success of the first film, which was the fourth highest-grossing film of 2005, everyone will be clamoring to make a sequel, so the film rights to this novel will probably lead to a huge bidding war. Everyone involved probably knows this, so we would imagine that they will attempt to incorporate Tom Cruise's character if possible.
In 2000, in an effort to create wholesome television programming, Brigham Young University founded BYUtv. Owned by the university and operated out of the Provo, Utah, campus, BYUtv has created original programming in an effort to produce quality entertainment for the entire family.
Whether it is the hit comedy and youth favorite Studio C series, a hidden-camera show called Random Acts, or a live broadcast of a BYU sporting event, the cable channel has grown over the last 17 years and now reaches more than 53 million households via cable and satellite companies.
“BYU Broadcasting is an integrated media organization that inspires people to see, do and be the good in the world by providing uplifting content, magnifying the university, engaging like-minded communities, and elevating ideals into action,” the BYUtv website reads.
The network's tagline is “see the good in the world.”
In a time where it is easy to be critical of others, easy to approach the world with pessimism and negativity, and easier than ever to find filth at the touch of a button, it is good to remember the motto of BYUtv — “see the good.”
In the October 2005 Women's Session of general conference, President Dieter F. Uchtdorf of the First Presidency, shared the parable of “A summer with Great-Aunt Rose.”
The story begins by introducing an 11-year-old girl named Eva, who “absolutely, positively did not want to go and live with her Great-Aunt Rose. Not at all. No way.”
Eva's mother was scheduled to have surgery that involved a lengthy recovery, so her parents decided to send her to live with her relative for the summer.
When the young woman got to her relative's house, she noticed everything in the home was old — old books, old trinkets, and even her great-aunt Rose was old. All she could see was how much she didn't want to be there.
“Even the house itself seemed lonely,” President Uchtdorf said in his talk. “It was out in the countryside, where the houses are far apart. No one Eva's age lived within half a mile. That made Eva feel lonely too.”
After being away from her parents, home and friends for some time, Eva began to notice her Great-Aunt Rose.
“She was a large woman — everything about her was large: her voice, her smile, her personality,” President Uchtdorf said. “It wasn't easy for her to get around, but she always sang and laughed while she worked, and the sound of her laughter filled the house.”
Every night Rose would pull out her scriptures and read out loud before offering the most beautiful prayers, thanking her Heavenly Father for all of the beauties of the earth.
“Over time, Eva made a surprising discovery: Great-Aunt Rose was quite possibly the happiest person she had ever known,” President Uchtdorf explained.
But how could that be? She had never married, had no children, had no one to keep her company and had a hard time physically doing simple things.
Great-Aunt Rose was able to “see the good” in her life. More than just seeing the good, Great-Aunt Rose was able to “be the good” by helping others in her life.
In the parable, she told young Eva, “When we love God, we want to serve Him. We want to be like Him. When we love our neighbors, we stop thinking so much about our own problems and help others to solve theirs. That is what makes us happy.”
Not only is it important to see the good in the world, it is important to take it one step further to be the good.
In the Book of Mormon, King Benjamin urged disciples of Christ to “be the good” through service: “When ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are only in the service of your God.”
“I believe the Savior is telling us that unless we lose ourselves in service to others, there is little purpose to our own lives,” President Thomas S. Monson said in his Oct. 2009 general conference address. “Those who live only for themselves eventually shrivel up and figuratively lose their lives, while those who lose themselves in service to others grow and flourish — and in effect save their lives.”
In that same address, President Monson shared an experience he had during the October 1963 general conference in which he was sustained as a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.
“President David O. McKay made this statement: ‘Man's greatest happiness comes from losing himself for the good of others.'”
Recently, after multiple tropical storms tore through the North Atlantic Ocean, Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea, countless numbers of people — young and old — have been displaced. In response to the destruction, Church members of all ages donning yellow Mormon Helping Hands vests have — alongside community members — gathered, divided up and set out to help people in need.
Amid destruction and much sadness, even victims left with no material possessions have been able to see the good in the world as they have worked side-by-side with others to clean up.
“Have I done any good in the world today? Have I helped anyone in need? Have I cheered up the sad and made someone feel glad? If not, I have failed indeed. Has anyone's burden been lighter today because I was willing to share? Have the sick and the weary been helped on their way? When they needed my help was I there?
“Then wake up and do something more than dream of your mansion above. Doing good is a pleasure, a joy beyond measure, a blessing of duty and love” (Hymns No. 223, “Have I Done Any Good?” by Will L. Thompson).
May we have eyes to “see the good” in the world as we strive to live and serve as Jesus Christ — who is the ultimate example of “being the good.”
Congratulations are in order.
Fifty West Brewing Company announced the grand opening of their new craft beer production facility, Fifty West Production Works, to be held this weekend, starting Friday May 6th at 4pm. The brewery invites any and all people who are interested in checking out the new space, eating some deliciously grilled foods, or drinking some Fifty West brews, to feel free to stop by and enjoy themselves in the relaxing atmosphere of the new facility.
The long-awaited expansion is located at the former Hahana Beach property at 7605 Wooster Pike. The facility houses four 40-barrel fermenters, and is estimated to produce between 4-5,000 barrels in the first year alone. Their brewpub currently produces between 1.5-2,000 barrels annually, so this expansion will allow Fifty West to produce nearly four times as much beer annually.
In addition to expanding their production capabilities, the new facility will also act as the perfect spot for groups to gather and enjoy a brew after partaking in one of the many outdoor-centric activities provided by Fifty West—whether it be cycling, canoeing, kayaking, rafting, or playing volleyball.
The brewery plans to keep the space as family friendly as possible, and encourages patrons of all walks of life to come together through common interests to create a thriving community of beer lovers and outdoorsmen alike.
About Fifty West Brewing Company
Located in a former roadside speakeasy on US Route 50 heading west into the city of Cincinnati, Fifty West Brewing Company first opened its doors in November of 2012. Since then, one thing has remained the same. Every time you have a Fifty West beer, you know it was handmade in small batches with a focus on the four virtues we hold closest to our hearts: craftsmanship, tradition, innovation, and patience.
Chances are, the closest you'll come to working alongside a legendary artist is sharing a cubicle with Vincent van Goes to the Occasional Pottery Class. Those tasked with protecting the artwork at D.C.'s museums and galleries, on the other hand, are in the presence of greatness every day. Though neither an interest in art nor a familiarity with the pieces they monitor is a job requirement, the sentinels we spoke with at local museums and galleries can't help but form connections with the masterpieces that surround them. As museum season revs up, why not solicit the thoughts of those in charge of protecting all that greatness?
Berhanu Taffa
Museum: Corcoran Gallery of Art, 500 17th St. NW; 202-639-1700, Corcoran.org. (Farragut West)
Title: Security officer Years on the job: 10
Relationship to art: “Before working here, I thought art was only paintings and sculptures. I didn't know about the impressionist movement, the expressionist movement. I knew a love for art was in me.”
Favorite painting in the museum: “Niagara,” by Frederic Edwin Church (1857)
Why it's his favorite: “I love landscapes. Church was in the Hudson River School [a 19th-century American art movement]. You don't see a foreground where people can stand, so you feel like you are inside the water. And it is huge; it is enormous. The message to me is about manifest destiny, that America is destined to discover the entire America from north to south. I am not an artist, but I love it.”
Marlene Tucker
Museum: National Gallery of Art, 4th Street and Constitution Avenue NW; 202-737-4215, Nga.gov. (Archives)
Title: Guard (lieutenant) Years on the job: 30
Relationship to art: “I cannot draw a lick. If I drew a stick person, you wouldn't know what it was. When I first came here, I was very particular about where I wanted to be [stationed in the museum], but I enjoy all of it now. When I go anywhere I'm very conscious of the design. I look up and see the ceiling. Working here has really opened my eyes to art.”
Favorite work of art in the museum: “The Bridge at Argenteuil,” by Claude Monet (1874)
Why it's her favorite: “The name of the painting is ‘The Bridge at Argenteuil,' but I always focus on the sailboat. It makes you feel like you're on it and you're about to go under the bridge. The impressionists always uplift me. They're bright and airy and like a picture taken at that moment. Though I'm not in the picture, I feel like I am.”
Meghan Schindler
Museum: Phillips Collection, 1600 21st St. NW;
202-387-2151, Phillipscollection.org. (Dupont Circle)
Title: Museum supervisor, security department Years on the job: Three
Relationship to art: “I studied history and fine arts at St. Lawrence University, and after college I got an internship at another gallery doing conservation work. I wanted to continue in museums, so I'm now here at the Phillips.”
Favorite work of art in the museum: “Rocks at Mouthier,” by Gustave Courbet (circa 1855)
Why it's her favorite: “I remember thinking, ‘Oh, wow, that's a great rock,' the first time I saw the painting. But after weeks went by, I realized there's a body of water in front that I always thought was a grassy knoll. I also learned that the artist, Courbet, was arrested for being a socialist. He was kind of a rebellious dude. I like it because he was very peaceful to me, but he was this political activist at the same time.”
Ross Allan, a vet based in Glasgow, discovered she was intersex, with elements of both male and female external genitalia.
This was causing her "significant" discomfort and abrasions, so she underwent a "complex" operation to improve her quality of life.
Mr Allan said Molly, now around 18 months old, has made a complete recovery after the surgery last June.
Mr Finlay told BBC Scotland's Kaye Adams Programme: "We got Molly in November 2015 and noticed that around the house she would squat to do her pees but outside she would lift her leg.
"I mentioned this early on in 2016 to one of Ross's colleagues and they came up with the probability that she was a hermaphrodite, both sexes.
"They did MRI scans and X-rays, and eventually she was operated on in 2016. We still call her Molly."
Know what's super fun? Having to put your infant daughter in the tub first thing in the morning when you're still half asleep, because when you get her out of her crib, you discover that poop is coming out of her diaper on, like, all sides, and it's all over her, her clothes, and her brand-new sheets, and you're just not sure that using half a tub of wipes to clean her up would be very cost effective (or easy, for that matter), so a bath seems to be the only logical solution. And the sheet still needs to be washed before it's ruined, but of course now your daughter is screaming from being cold and wet and being hungry, so there's no time to wash it until after her bottle.
Then it's made even more fun when you finally get done bathing her and you enter the living room to discover more poop to deal with, from your dog. Now, I'm an understanding person, I know he's a puppy and shit happens (get it?!), but man, bad timing, Loki. Bad timing.
Then, two hours later, you realize your dog peed in the hallway. How do you realize it? Not by seeing it happen or even seeing it after the fact, noooo no. Why, you realize it's there when your three year old slips and falls in it and gets covered in pee, of course! Son of a bitch. So you put your three your old in the bathtub which makes him happy anyway because he loves baths, but then you remember your infant daughter is sitting in her high chair in the kitchen waiting for you to feed her. Good thing it's Saturday and the 8 year old is here, so you have him feed her while you bathe the other heathen and clean up the mess in the hallway. (Okay actually, this worked out rather well for me, because Bettie loves her big brothers and Travis makes her happy so she was giggling all through eating her bananas and it was adorable.)
...Until about 20 minutes later when she starts getting tired and cranky and begins crying, but you can't deal with that yet because you're trying to deal with the screaming 3 year old who's now refusing to get out of the bathtub (cuz why should he care that his baby sister is crying, he doesn't even really like her anyway. And you can't just let him keep playing in the tub while you get her up and get her a bottle and ready for nap, because he has a tendency to flood the bathroom when unsupervised for longer than five minutes at a time, and you can't even get your daughter to sleep if he's anywhere but in his room because 3 year olds don't know the meaning of the word "quiet." So he thrashes and kicks as you try lifting him out of the tub (which would be fine if he wasn't the size and weight of a 4, possibly even 5 year old) while he's soaking wet and slippery, and you end up accidentally dropping him right onto his ass but luckily it was on the bath mat so at least it's cushioned. You manage to practically lasso him out of the bathroom with his towel and force a pull-up and clothes onto him all while he's pitching a fit, but it doesn't end there, because he now knows the pull-up means it's time to lay down for quiet time and he's not having any of that so he goes tearing through the house and once you start chasing after him he decides it's hilarious (despite all your threats of violence and the cuss words you're launching out of your mouth like spitballs). You finally grab him but then he's right back to screaming and crying so he refuses to do anything but thrash and kick some more so you have to carry him into his room and put him in bed. Then suddenly he decides he's ok with laying down but now he's screaming because his blanket isn't TURNED THE RIGHT WAY FOR HIS LIKING. You fix the blanket and make your escape before anything else can go wrong in his eyes, only now that the three year old has finally shut up, you remember that the baby is still screaming in her high chair because she's tired and pissy, so it's basically just an escape from one hell to another.
Get her quieted down and in her crib for nap time, but then you remember that your mom was bringing your 11 year old brother over to be babysat for a few hours, so any chance of anybody napping or at least being quiet in their beds just went out the window because your brother and your 8 year old don't know how to play quietly like ever, and once your 3 year old hears that his uncle Joel is here, he's gonna scream and holler until he's allowed to leave his bedroom, which will also prevent the infant from going to sleep. (Note: this is about the time you want to start ripping out your own hair, if you haven't already done so.)
And all this is going on while you're desperately trying to clean your house because you have friends coming over later in the evening and your husband is at work so there's no one to help deal with either kids or housework so you've basically just been running around the house all morning like a crazy person and don't even get to have your first cigarette of the day until 11:30 AM and do you see where I'm going with this?
The point I'm making here is, there isn't enough beer in the world for some days. And even if there is, it's certainly not residing in MY house, because I only have three. Actually two, because I'm now drinking one. Because why not, right? At this point I think it's downright mandatory.
But, now that I've ranted and raved, I would like to say, I didn't post yesterday about day 4, because there really wasn't much insanity involved in anything (at least no more than the usual amount), and nothing particularly interesting or hilarious to write about. Because Roger didn't have an accident ALL DAY yesterday, and he so far hasn't had one yet today either!!!! I make a lot of jokes about my kids making me crazy (well let's be honest, is anyone really ever joking when they say that?), but seriously, I couldn't be more proud right now. And this morning, before he slipped in pee in the hallway, he actually told me when he needed to go potty!!! HUGE improvement there!!!
So, the day isn't anywhere near over yet, but so far, despite all the insanity, I'm gonna consider it an awesome day because he's doing fabulous with the potty training now and I'm just ecstatic. It might not sound like it, and it may not have even felt like it so far today, but I really am.
So, ya know. Cheers!
