I⊥∀NIW∩LLIʞ
Posts : 1386
Reputation : 3
Join date : 2012-12-27
Admin13862012-12-27
Subject: Nanny Bloomberg: Drone Panopticon Inevitable Fri Mar 22, 2013 2:42 pm Subject: Nanny Bloomberg: Drone Panopticon InevitableFri Mar 22, 2013 2:42 pm
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg is more concerned about citizens deciding to buy Big Gulps than the prospect of a high-tech Big Brother state violating their privacy with drones.
Bloomberg dismissedwanton violations of the Fourth Amendment as inevitable during his weekly WOR radio program.
“We're just going into a different world, uncharted,” he said. “Like it or not, what people can do – or governments can do – is different and you can to some extent control [it], but you can't keep the tides from coming in. We're going to have more visibility and less privacy. I don't see how you stop that. It's not a question whether I think it's good or bad, I just don't see how you can stop that because we're going to have them.”
Bloomberg then said he opposes legislative remedies to a high-tech panopticon state where citizen-subjects are under constant surveillance. He characterized opposition as counterproductive demagoguery.
“Everybody wants their privacy but I don't know how you're going to maintain it,” he continued. “This is something that society really has to think about, and not by writing a quick piece of legislation. These are long-term, serious problems. Whether we have the discipline to approach problems that way, I don't know. I mean, Everybody demagogues on all these things; there are some serious issues before you write legislation.”
Bloomberg's response is predictable considering the New York City government has embraced drone technology. New Yorkers reported random sightings of unidentified drones after NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly expressed his desire to add the technology to the “arsenal of surveillance tools [that] could come in handy during future mass protests in the Big Apple,” RT reported in January.
more here: New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg is more concerned about citizens deciding to buy Big Gulps than the prospect of a high-tech Big Brother state violating their privacy with drones.Bloomberg dismissedwanton violations of the Fourth Amendment as inevitable during his weekly WOR radio program.“We're just going into a different world, uncharted,” he said. “Like it or not, what people can do – or governments can do – is different and you can to some extent control [it], but you can't keep the tides from coming in. We're going to have more visibility and less privacy. I don't see how you stop that. It's not a question whether I think it's good or bad, I just don't see how you can stop that because we're going to have them.”Bloomberg then said he opposes legislative remedies to a high-tech panopticon state where citizen-subjects are under constant surveillance. He characterized opposition as counterproductive demagoguery.“Everybody wants their privacy but I don't know how you're going to maintain it,” he continued. “This is something that society really has to think about, and not by writing a quick piece of legislation. These are long-term, serious problems. Whether we have the discipline to approach problems that way, I don't know. I mean, Everybody demagogues on all these things; there are some serious issues before you write legislation.”Bloomberg's response is predictable considering the New York City government has embraced drone technology. New Yorkers reported random sightings of unidentified drones after NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly expressed his desire to add the technology to the “arsenal of surveillance tools [that] could come in handy during future mass protests in the Big Apple,” RT reported in January.more here: http://www.infowars.com/nanny-bloomberg-drone-panopticon-inevitable-2/
_________________
It takes nothing to join the crowd. It takes everything to stand alone.
- Hans Hansen
Follow us on Twitter @CuckooKilla _________________
The Universal House of Justice
To the Friends Gathered in Santiago,
Chile, for the Dedication of the
Mother Temple of South America
Dearly loved Friends,
We greet you with immense joy on this singular occasion, a moment of high achievement for the Bahá'í world after much earnest striving: The process of raising up Bahá'í Houses of Worship, an endeavour whose origins can be traced back to the days of the Blessed Beauty Himself, has reached the point where today a Mother Temple stands upon the soil of every continent. Three such Temples now lie on a pan-American axis, to whose southern pole you have all been drawn. As anticipated by the Guardian, it is the Chilean capital city that has become the site of the first Ma sh riqu'l-A dh kár of South America. Blending grace and grandeur in equal measure, this Dawning-Point of God's Remembrance now summons all comers to worship the One Who is their Creator, their sovereign Lord, the Giver of Light to the world.
The weighty statements in the Kitáb-i-Aqdas addressed to the presidents of the republics of the Americas, adding to the mandate given by the Báb to all the “peoples of the West” to aid His Cause, confer upon those countries, north and south, honour and obligations ineffaceable. Those pregnant words portended the intimate association of South America with the Faith. We recall with deep admiration the heroic and sacrificial deeds of those believers who first introduced to this continent the name of Bahá'u'lláh. With their resolve kindled by the rallying call of the Master in His Tablets delineating the Divine Plan, and urged on by Shoghi Effendi in the successive directions he gave for the Plan's prosecution, pioneers travelled to the nations of Latin America and began nurturing communities that could maintain Local and, eventually, National Spiritual Assemblies—communities that came to be designated by the Guardian as “associates of the chief executors of the Plan bequeathed by ‘Abdu'l-Bahá”. The success of large-scale teaching endeavours revealed the purity and open-mindedness of the continent's inhabitants in all their diversity, and their evident receptivity to the divine impulse. One of the most striking hallmarks of that period was the enthusiasm with which indigenous people embraced the vision of Bahá'u'lláh and His Faith, recognizing the power of His Word to liberate the soul and transform society. With such advances made, the friends took up the challenge of learning how to sustain a process of rapid expansion and consolidation. Insights that emerged from the experience accrued in this region have benefited the entire Bahá'í world, and the present-day efforts of the South American believers to spread the Faith and build communities upon spiritual foundations are a continuing source of inspiration. How fitting, then, that at a time when the peoples and nations of the Western Hemisphere have never been more in need of the illumination brought by the teachings of God's universal Messenger, a powerful spiritual beacon is now in full blaze at the foot of the Andes.
The Ma sh riqu'l-A dh kár is “one of the most vital institutions in the world”. A Temple and its associated dependencies embody two essential and inseparable aspects of Bahá'í life: worship and service. As a potent symbol and an integral element of the divine civilization towards which Bahá'u'lláh's Revelation ushers all peoples, the House of Worship becomes the focal point of the community from which it emerges. “The holy fragrances of the Ma sh riqu'l-A dh kár”, ‘Abdu'l-Bahá explains, “vivify the souls of the righteous, and its vitalizing breezes confer life upon the pure in heart.” Indeed, its influence is such as to galvanize an entire people to reach for a more profound sense of unified purpose. The gaze of the Bahá'í world is at this hour fixed upon its newly dedicated Temple, and we are certain that this longed-for victory will bring jubilation to the friends everywhere. Yet they will surely not be content to simply rejoice amongst themselves. Inspired by all that this sublime edifice stands for, let them invite others to discover the abiding joy that comes from the praise of God and from service to humankind.
Bowing our heads at the Threshold of the Ancient Beauty, we give thanks that He has enabled His devoted followers to construct so striking a Temple fashioned of glass, stone, and light, nurturing an attraction to the sacred. The gratitude we feel increases our longing for that glorious day when the blessing of a Ma sh riqu'l-A dh kár will be conferred upon every city and village, and we look first with eagerness to those countries where national and local Houses of Worship are beginning to emerge. May the resplendent sight of what the community of the Greatest Name has now accomplished in Santiago spur the faithful everywhere to intensify their service, however humble, rendered for the betterment of the world, offered to the Glory of God.
[signed: The Universal House of Justice]
Black Entertainment Television founder Robert Johnson, the nation's first African-American billionaire, made the explosive allegations in a Jan. 17 letter to Schumer, a copy of which was obtained by The Post.
Johnson accused Schumer of trying to get the U.S. Justice Department to derail his efforts to create what he said would be the nation's first minority-owned airline in more than 30 years.
Johnson's proposed company, DC Air, would offer discount fairs to many of upstate New York's economically hard-pressed cities in a partnership arrangement with long-established carrier American Airlines.
“As an African-American businessperson who has a personal net worth significantly greater than the market capitalization of [rival companies] Jet Blue and Air Tran combined, I am offended that you could argue that these two companies deserve an opportunity that should be denied to me,” Johnson told Schumer.
“It cannot be that you believe that they are better businesspersons; perhaps it is because they are white businesspersons.”
Johnson, in an interview with The Post, said, “If Schumer was a Republican and not a Democrat, everyone would be jumping up and down saying, ‘How dare you not support us?'
“I'm trying to figure out what the rationale is for someone who is a member of the liberal Democratic Party to oppose DC Air – when that party has a fundamental commitment to minority ownership and equal opportunities for minorities,” Johnson said.
Asked if he was accusing Schumer of racism, Johnson responded, “If it walks like a duck, and talks like a duck and quacks like a duck . . . “
Democrat Minority leader Chuck Schumer has always been one to call Republicans 'racist.' He's done it repeatedly to Donald Trump, tried to paste the label on the late Justice Alito and has promised to attack Attorney General nominee Jeff Sessions,the judge who destroyed the Klu Klau Klan in Alabama as a 'racist' as well.As it turns out, it appears Senator Schumer may be living in a glass house when it comes accusing anyone of racism. As conservative talk show host Larry Elder relates, we have an eyewitness account of how Chuck Schumer started of his career as a New York State Assemblyman in 1974 by concocted a disgustingly racist scheme to push blacks out of a white neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York. He convinced people living in the neighborhood that if they supported him, he would use his clout to defraud the blacks living in the neighborhood and get rid of them.Here's the actual article , from 2006, and Senator Schumer has never challenged this or denied it... but wait, there's more.Robert Johnson, the billionaire founder of Black Entertainment Television (BET) openly accused Schumer of racism back in 2008. According to Johnson, Schumer openly and blatantly favored "white owned companies" over his own:Johnson's fairly level headed and not known for throwing something like this out there as a habit, so he might very well have hit the nail on the head. Or maybe the other companies just put more money in the Senator's pocket. After all, Senator Schumer is fairly notorious when it comes to having his hand out when it comes to his fundraising.And get this...according to thearticle, guess who is a Senator Schumer got to vouch for him? None other than NY Representative Charlie Rangel , one of the most foully corrupt members of congress.It figures. And it also makes me wonder what else might be out there.Quack quack, Senator.Schumer may or may not be a racist. But what's obvious is that he's all about Chuck Schumer,and if displaying racist behavior is needed,(or pretty much anything else) he's down for it..any means to an end. That's something to keep in mind as he tries to smear far better men with that label.If I were Senator Schumer with his background, I'd be a lot more cautious about throwing around bogus accusations of racism. It isn't nice and can have unforeseen consequences.
The pro-independence campaign has unveiled Chris and Colin Weir as its biggest backers, along with thousands of friends giving fivers. But is it struggling to find other well-heeled fans?
The pro-independence campaign by Yes Scotland has been heavily funded by the UK's largest Euromillions jackpot winners, Chris and Colin Weir, who have given the group £1m towards its first seven months of operation.
And they may continue to do so: the Weirs, who collected a record £161m jackpot in July 2011, have told Yes Scotland they will donate again if needed. And their money may yet prove essential.
The couple, both active nationalists who have already given £1m to the Scottish National party, each donated £500,000 to Yes Scotland, the largest sums within the £1,625,797 declared in Yes Scotland's first list of financial backers on Wednesday.
The list confirmed that the SNP has kept back all the money donated to it by both the Weirs in November 2011 and the £918,000 given it by the estate of the Scots makar (or national poet) Edwin Morgan in June 2011, to support its own hefty campaigning costs.
Even so, the SNP does emerge as the next largest backer for Yes Scotland, but not with cash. It gave £342,767 in kind by funding all its initial start up costs, the Yes Scotland launch rally in Edinburgh in early 2012, and its early staffing costs, before its formal launch on 1 September.
In contrast to the pro-UK Better Together coalition, which is now weathering attacks over the provenance of some of its finance after disclosing its £1.12m in donations on Sunday, Yes Scotland is short of wealthy benefactors and relies on a small pool of well-heeled friends.
Its next largest cash donations were £250,000 from Angus Tulloch, a funds manager in Edinburgh, £25,000 from builder Alexander Adam, whose Springfield Properties HQ was opened by Environment secretary and local MSP Richard Lochhead recently, and £8,000 from William Wilson, who owns a chain of pharmacies in Glasgow.
The remainder of that £1.6m – some £112,000 - came from 7,000 small donations, only a minority of which were larger than £500 it seems. Yes Scotland would not provide a breakdown of gifts below £7,500, saying as so many were banknotes stuffed into collection boxes at rallies, the administrative burden of listing each was too great.
We've had so many very, very small donations from public meetings, like fivers here and tenners there.
This raises questions about Yes Scotland's long-term financing: its officials already intimate they expect Better Together to be better-funded. We know of Nicola Sturgeon's anxieties that independence might be defeated by English gold. Might the Weirs, who have already given away millions from their lottery windfall, continue backing Yes Scotland?
Their spokeswoman said:
If the Yes Scotland campaign identifies a need for further funds, Mr and Mrs Weir would consider it.
She added:
Chris and Colin Weir's lifelong commitment to independence is well known. Their donations to this cause are in line with their financial means and reflect their desire to see a level playing field for this important issue to be debated fully and fairly.
The Weirs and Adam donations seem influenced, in part at least, by their personal connections with Yes Scotland chief executive Blair Jenkins. While privately campaigning and even standing for the SNP, Colin Weir was also a cameraman for STV where Jenkins was its head of news. They are personal friends; Jenkins also apparently knows Adam - they both hail from Elgin.
Noticeably absent from the Yes Scotland ledgers are some of the SNP's wealthiest and best known backers. Sir Sean Connery is excluded because he lives abroad (Yes Scotland also refuses gifts above £500 from donors outside Scotland), but where, asked the Sunday Herald's Tom Gordon on Wednesday morning, are the likes of Stagecoach group millionaire Sir Brian Souter?
Tom Gordon (@ScottishPol) Brian Souter conspicuously absent from list of .@yesscotland donors >£7.5k #indyref twitter.com/ScottishPol/st…
Better Together's chief executive Blair MacDougall said these donations established that Yes Scotland was effectively bank-rolled by confirmed nationalists close to the SNP, and was not the broad-based movement it claimed to be.
That charge was rejected by Jenkins: he said thousands of ordinary Scots had donated money, nearly all of which originated inside Scotland. He admitted some smaller sums – about 1% of the total - had come from overseas, chiefly from expats.
He insisted Yes Scotland would only take sums over £500 from Scottish voters – a pointed reference to Better Together's decision, which is entirely consistent with the Scottish government's proposed rules on referendum spending, to take money from any UK voter. Jenkins said:
We believe the appropriate position is that both campaigns should agree that any donation above £500 – the legally recognised level over which money given becomes a "donation" – should come only from those registered to vote in Scotland's referendum. Yes Scotland is sticking firmly to that.
Meanwhile, Better Together's opponents have retaliated by attacking the business dealings of its biggest benefactor, Ian Taylor, millionaire chief executive of the Geneva-based oil trading firm Vitol. A substantial personal donor to the Tory party and to the Harris tweed industry, Taylor – a Scot who lives in London - gave Better Together its largest single gift: £500,000.
As this blog reported on Monday, Vitol has faced critical questions about its dealings with Libyan rebels, Serbian warlords, with Iran oil sales and with Saddam Hussein's Iraq.
First reported by the pro-independence website National Collective, The Herald on Wednesday listed a series of cases where Vitol had hit controversy, including a $1m payment to the Serbian warlord Arkan in the 1990s, who was indicted at the Hague for crimes against humanity, and for allegedly paying "kickbacks" on oil deals with Saddam Hussein's Iraq, which a New York court found undermined the UN oil for food programme, and had "admitted" buying and selling Iran, ignoring international sanctions.
Vitol also helped supply fuel, through Qatar, to the Libyan rebel movement which toppled Muammar Qaddafy's regime with Nato air and tactical support – a strategy which was also backed by the SNP. However, allegations this deal was brokered with help from Tory minister Alan Duncan, or the Foreign Office, are vigorously denied by Vitol:
Any suggestion that there's a cosy deal here isn't true.
Angus Robertson MP, the SNP's Westminster leader, insisted these issues were so serious Alistair Darling, the chairman of Better Together, who personally brokered Taylor's donation on Lewis last year, should firstly hand the money back and then investigate. He stated:
This information is extremely serious, and raises urgent questions which Alistair Darling must answer. The No campaign must return this money immediately pending full answers to these questions.
Vitol has retaliated, asserting that many of the claims against it are untrue and libellous; the Herald has now had a lawyer's letter and so too has National Collective. The pro- independence site has now taken its article offline: the page now reads "not for publication".
Brunswick, Vitol's PR firm, said:
The company has taken legal advice and will take whatever steps are deemed necessary to have these inaccuracies corrected, and to prevent their further publication.
It said its dealings in Serbia had been legal and never the subject of government or legal sanction; on Iraq it admitted paying fines, restitution and costs totalling $17.5m, along with other major oil firms, but insisted its payments to Iraq's state oil company (SOMO) were surcharges it had demanded, and were "neither bribes nor kickbacks"; it denied ever breaching sanctions on Iranian oil sales, but confirmed a subsidiary on Bahrain had bought an oil consignment on the open market of Iranian crude. It was via a third party, but would not do so again, Vitol said, and insisted it had banned deals with Iran before international sanctions were in place.
NASA's Hubble Space Telescope snapped this shot of Mars on Aug. 26, 2003, when the Red Planet was 34.7 million miles from Earth. The picture was taken just 11 hours before Mars made its closest approach to us in 60,000 years.
New ideas about how the solar system took shape are helping astronomers tackle a planetary puzzle — why Mars is so much smaller than its rocky neighbor worlds.
Models show that the Red Planet should be about as big as Venus and Earth if gas and dust were distributed relatively smoothly throughout the protoplanetary disk that surrounded the newborn sun 4.5 billion years ago. But Mars is just 10 percent as massive as these two other worlds, suggesting that it formed in a region relatively depleted of planet-forming material.
What could have caused this depletion? The leading theory has been something called the "Grand Tack model," John Chambers of the Carnegie Institution for Science writes in a "Perspectives" piece published online today (May 1) in the journal Science. [7 Biggest Mysteries of Mars]
Two different theories that seek to explain why Mars is just 10 percent as massive as Earth and Venus. (Image: © P. Huey/Science)
Mars 12 inch Globe Buy Here (Image: © Space.com Store)
The Grand Tack idea holds that Jupiter and Saturn migrated toward the sun shortly after they formed, then headed back out toward the outer solar system once again. These movements would have swept lots of material up from Mars' neck of the cosmic woods or scattered it away.
"Provided that Jupiter changed direction close to 1.5 AU, the growth of Mars would be successfully stunted while leaving enough material closer to the sun to form Earth and Venus," Chambers writes. (One AU, or astronomical unit, is the distance from Earth to the sun — about 93 million miles, or 150 million kilometers.)
But a team of researchers, led by Andre Izidoro of the Universidade Estadual Paulista in Brazil, proposed an alternative idea in a paper published in February in The Astrophysical Journal.
Simulations of gas flow in the solar system's early days suggest that a low-density region may have naturally existed in the protoplanetary disk between 1 and 3 AU from the sun, the researchers noted.
The planet Mars is the fourth planet from the sun and named after the Roman God of War and is also called the Red Planet. See what makes Mars tick with this Space.com infographic looking inside the Red Planet (Image: © Karl Tate, SPACE.com)
"If this partial gap survived long enough, it could have been preserved in the distribution of planetesimals and planetary embryos that formed subsequently," Chambers writes. "The simulations performed by Izidoro show that reducing the number of planetary building blocks near Mars' current orbit by 50 to 75 percent favors the formation of a puny Red Planet."
Interestingly, both of these ideas — Grand Tack and "natural gap" — posit that Mars first began taking shape at around 1 AU, near Earth's present orbital position, Chambers adds. Gravitational interactions then pushed the Red Planet outward to its current location, where the lack of raw material stunted its growth.
It may be possible to determine which of these two scenarios more accurately depicts reality. For example, the idea presented by Izidoro and his team predicts that asteroids in the main belt between Mars and Jupiter coalesced pretty much where they sit today.
"In the Grand Tack model, the asteroid belt was purged at a very early stage, and the surviving members sample a much larger region of the solar nebula," Chambers writes. "These differences may help us distinguish between the models in future."
But there's also the possibility that both of these models are off-base, and that Mars' puniness is just a strange cosmic accident.
"Conventional planet-formation simulations generate respectable Mars analogs in a few percent of cases without requiring any special measures," Chambers writes. "This leaves the slim possibility that Mars represents a bizarre statistical outlier, and its small size contains no deeper truths about our solar system."
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
The latest cache of WikiLeaks emails, released this Sunday, exposes even more careless and criminal behavior on behalf of Hillary Clinton and the Clinton Foundation.
As we wrote on Monday, the emails suggest that Clinton entrusted her housekeeper Marina Santos with CLASSIFIED information on Libya and Iran. Trump argues that such behavior “completely jeopardized the national security of the United States.”
The emails expose numerous conflicts of interest, including the fact that a top Foundation donor was responsible for “killing” bad press coverage. An email sent in 2012 by Doug Band, former President Bill Clinton's top aide, reveals that Clinton Foundation resources were utilized for Chelsea Clinton's wedding “and life for a decade.”
Hillary Clinton has previously stated that some of the “personal” emails she deleted from her private server before handing it over to the feds were related to Chelsea's wedding.
Doug Band has served as a personal assistant to Bill Clinton since the 1990s. He founded the global consulting firm Teneo in 2011, of which Bill Clinton became an immediate client.
On November 12th, 2011, Band wrote an 11-page memo describing how Teneo was created and how it had helped to enrich Bill Clinton and the Clinton Foundation. In the memo, Band writes that he had “sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo, to support and to raise funds for the Foundation.”
In a section of a memo which does not appear in the final draft, Band describes billionaire hedge fund manager Marc Lasry as a “good example of the complex relationships a friend/supporter can have within the Foundation.”
Lasry regularly held fundraisers for the Clinton Foundation and Chelsea Clinton worked for Lasry. Doug Band was a paid adviser for Lasry's investment company Avenue Capital.
The hedge fund manager was “helpful on a number of fronts, including…responding favorable to our requests to use his plane for Foundation and the Clintons' personal purposes, killing potential unfavorable stories in the Enquirer [of which he owns a controlling share of the debt]…” wrote Band.
In response to Band's memo, Lawyers from Simpson, Thacher, & Bartlett LLP sent a draft of a governance memorandum to John Podesta. The audit draft, sent in December 2011, specifically mentioned a conflict-of-interest policy that was listed but never implemented.
“In addition, some interviewees reported conflicts of those raising funds or donors, some of whom may have an expectation of quid pro quo benefits in return for gifts,” reads the draft. “Interviewees also mentioned instances in which gifts and payments received by staff had not been properly disclosed.”
Other problems included:
• 276 “complimentary” $20,000 Clinton Global Initiative memberships marked as “discretionary”
• Lack of transparency regarding 1,000+ complimentary memberships
• Issues with IRS Form 990
• Unsigned board minutes and lack of board meetings
• Small Foundation board “comprised solely of ‘insiders'”
• Board members ignoring conflict-of-interest policies
The FBI is ramping up its investigation into the Clinton Foundationvand announced last week that the case had reached “very high priority.”
As politicians concede defeat, soften their rhetoric, tone down their warnings on the dangers of Donald Trump and tip-toe around the 45th man elected as the President of the United States, Bernie Sanders is instead doubling down on his determination to prevent some of his most controversial pledges from becoming a reality.
The socialist senator, 74, issued a careful statement after the property tycoon was elected, promising to work with him but also to oppose him should he pursue “racist, sexist, xenophobic and anti-environment policies”.
Mr Trump at one point pledged to ban all Muslims from entering the US and vowed to begin deporting millions of undocumented immigrants as soon as he reached office. Mr Sanders, who has now refused to rule himself out of a second run for President in 2020, delivered his strongest warning yet to Mr Trump that Americans would not let him deport millions of people or create a division between Muslims and other religions in America in his first televised interview since the election.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Shape Created with Sketch. World reaction to President Trump: In pictures Show all 29 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. World reaction to President Trump: In pictures 1/29 London, England AP 2/29 London, England Reuters 3/29 Manila, Philippines Getty Images 4/29 Manila, Philippines Getty 5/29 Mosul , Iraq Getty 6/29 Manila, Philippines AP 7/29 New Delhi, India Reuters 8/29 Karachi, Pakistan EPA 9/29 Jakarta, Indonesia Reuters 10/29 Lagos, Nigeria AP 11/29 Kabul, Afghanistan AP 12/29 Jerusalem. Israel Reuters 13/29 Moscow, Russia Reuters 14/29 Seoul, South Korea AP 15/29 Lagos, Nigeria AP 16/29 Peshawar, Pakistan EPA 17/29 Jakarta, Indonesia Reuters 18/29 Hyderabad, India AP 19/29 Kolkata, India AP 20/29 Sydney, Australia Getty 21/29 Sydney, Australia AP 22/29 Aleppo, Syria Reuters 23/29 Mexico City, Mexico AP 24/29 Port-of-Spain, Trinidad and Tobago Reuters 25/29 Jerusalem, Israel EPA 26/29 Baghdad, Iraq Rex 27/29 Gaza Strip, Palestinian Territories Rex 28/29 Tokyo, Japan Rex 29/29 Mexico City, Mexico Getty 1/29 London, England AP 2/29 London, England Reuters 3/29 Manila, Philippines Getty Images 4/29 Manila, Philippines Getty 5/29 Mosul , Iraq Getty 6/29 Manila, Philippines AP 7/29 New Delhi, India Reuters 8/29 Karachi, Pakistan EPA 9/29 Jakarta, Indonesia Reuters 10/29 Lagos, Nigeria AP 11/29 Kabul, Afghanistan AP 12/29 Jerusalem. Israel Reuters 13/29 Moscow, Russia Reuters 14/29 Seoul, South Korea AP 15/29 Lagos, Nigeria AP 16/29 Peshawar, Pakistan EPA 17/29 Jakarta, Indonesia Reuters 18/29 Hyderabad, India AP 19/29 Kolkata, India AP 20/29 Sydney, Australia Getty 21/29 Sydney, Australia AP 22/29 Aleppo, Syria Reuters 23/29 Mexico City, Mexico AP 24/29 Port-of-Spain, Trinidad and Tobago Reuters 25/29 Jerusalem, Israel EPA 26/29 Baghdad, Iraq Rex 27/29 Gaza Strip, Palestinian Territories Rex 28/29 Tokyo, Japan Rex 29/29 Mexico City, Mexico Getty
Then Mr Sanders then cranked up his message another notch.
On Friday the world was presented with truly surreal images of Mr Trump, a man with no prior political experience, being coolly welcomed into the White House by the incumbent President Barack Obama. Melania Trump and Michelle Obama also had an awkward meeting too, the shadow of a plagiarised speech hanging like a thick cloud over both.
As the protests taking place across America demonstrate, this is a confusing and increasingly tumultuous time. An unprecedented aggression has been unleashed during this campaign and the country stands deeply polarised by the divisive discourse thrown around in the months leading up to the result.
In an America struggling to heal after such a brutal election, many are looking to Mr Sanders for hope. He responded on Friday, telling CNN:
This is America and we aren't going to throw out 11 million people who are undocumented. We're not going to turn against one of the largest religions in the world, people who are Muslims.
“I do not want to see Muslim kids - and we are hearing about this already - who feel frightened living in the country where they grew up. Who feel intimidated in the country where they grew up. That is not America.
“We do not want to continue the attacks against women that were so prominent in Trump's campaign.
“I will vigorously oppose him if he appeals to racism, or sexism, or some of the other discriminatory measures that he brought up during his campaign.
‘The election is over and we have to look to the future. What we have got to demand is that Mr Trump keeps the promises that he made to working families.
“He talked about how he was going to be a champion to working families. I hope he will raise the minimum wage so that people who were working for nine or ten bucks an hour get the kind of raise they're entitled to.
“I hope he will do pay equality for women. Women should not be getting paid 79 cents on the dollar compared to men.
“Let's deal with the real issues. The rich are getting richer. We are moving towards an oligarchy form of society where a handful of billionaires control the economy and as a result control our political system, to a degree, and our media. There is a lot of work to be done, but let's not take out our frustration against the poor or minorities.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
A truly disgraceful piece of distortion from the BBC's Lyse Doucet.
The title of this film is a clear hint of the propaganda to come, based, as ever, on the fatuous ‘two sides' narrative. There was no ‘war', only another orchestrated massacre, a campaign of civil terror, in order to maintain Israel's wicked, illegal siege. From the first minute of this shoddy film, one just wants to urge Doucet: tell the truth, give the context!
Yes, children suffer and die, but why is this happening?
Why have so many Palestinians been murdered? Why have over 500 children been slaughtered?
Why are an entire population, notably the children, so deeply traumatised? Tell the truth, provide the context!
Israel is the aggressor force. Gaza is the key target. It lies in ruins. Yet, this truly despicable film affects to argue that Sderot is part of the same ‘war zone'.
Continual reference is made to Israel targeting populated areas from where, it's claimed, Hamas were launching rockets, just part of the loaded message that Hamas are largely responsible for the carnage.
A key section of the film is given over to Hamas fighters, youth camp training and wielded weaponry. But there's not a single frame of an Israeli soldier, or the mass military operation engaged in the attempted annihilation of Gaza's people. There's no questioning, either, of how Israel has socialised so much of its youth to hate and fear Palestinians.
Standing at a Hamas training camp, Doucet laments: “For the outside world it's hard to comprehend why parents would put children in situations like this.” But there's no exploration of how Israel as a militarist, occupying state has conditioned so much of its own population to join in the historic oppression and mass murder of Palestinians. Indeed, the word ‘occupation' is never used.
At one point, Doucet sits with the smiling Gazan kids and asks one of them: ‘Why do you want to be a journalist?' The child replies in lovely innocence: ‘So I can tell people what's going on in wars like this one'. If only Doucet could aspire to that same basic aim. One might ask Doucet, in turn: Why do you want to be a stenographer rather than a journalist?
We see more pictures of Gaza's ruins. Doucet says: “The donors promise a lot. But politics on all sides gets in the way.” This is the extent of her ‘explanation' of the carnage Israel has caused, the devastation it's unleashed, its refusal to help rebuild.
Doucet's grating commentary, over inappropriately lilting music, continues, with affected questions on whether the hate and suspicion can ever be overcome.
A scene of more families coming to settle in Israel's border locale raises not a word of comment on the nature of Israel's land appropriation, historic displacement of people and enduring occupation. The indoctrination of Israeli children in defending this is never mentioned, nor is the stark privilege of Israeli kids against the appalling conditions and despair of the children in Gaza. Doucet just smiles and says nothing of the staggering disparities.
I hope the families that Doucet interviewed in Gaza get to see how they've been used and exploited in this shabby, deceitful film.
An end credit announces that both Israel and Hamas could be indicted for war crimes, and that: ‘In May and June there were more rounds of rockets fired from Gaza and Israeli airstrikes', the clear inference, as throughout this deeply-loaded film, that Israel is always ‘responding' to provocative weaponry.
This is one of the worst examples of ‘two sides' reportage ever shown. Israel couldn't have hoped for a greater piece of mitigating hasbara. Doucet's film is one of the most shameful pieces of ‘war journalism' ever put out by the BBC.
She doesn't lack human empathy for the suffering Palestinian kids, such as little Syed, still haunted by the murder of his brother and three cousins on Gaza's beach. What she lacks, much more profoundly, is a sense of compassionate duty to say why these appalling things happened, and are still happening, to name the principal perpetrators, to be a witness for truth and justice.
Doucet's film is an abuse of journalism, and, in its pretentious evasions, an abuse of Gaza's suffering children.
http://www.bbc.co.uk/iplayer/episode/b061vbdj/children-of-the-gaza-war
NEW YORK — If you think the $3.9 billion World Trade Center transportation hub sounds pricey, you ain't seen nothin' yet.
Officials of the Port Authority of New York and New say replacing the aging and overcrowded Port Authority Bus Terminal in midtown Manhattan will cost an estimated $8 to $10 billion. Officials disclosed the cost estimate for the first time today, in advance of a staff presentation to Port Authority commissioners scheduled for Thursday's monthly meeting in Jersey City.
The figure is ten times the amount commissioners were using during discussions of a new terminal last summer, based in part on a previous cost estimate of $800 million for a new terminal that had been included in the agency's previous capital plan.
The agency's chairman, John Degnan, who began his tenure last year by riding a bus into the old terminal, acknowledged that "most commissioners, including me, thought it would be less."
Degnan pointed out that the new figures were a "gross" estimate that did not include potential revenues from, for example, the sale of air rights to a developer for building above the new terminal. He also said the board could seek outside estimates, and vowed that he and other commissioners would work on minimizing costs.
"This is the staff's estimate, not the board's," Degnan said.
Officials said the cost of the project would include three basic components: a new terminal building in the same or roughly the same location just outside the Lincoln Tunnel in Midtown; construction of new ramps linking the tunnel and terminal; and construction of a bus parking garage to eliminate the wasteful round trips that thousands of buses make through the tunnel to New Jersey and back in between the morning and evening rush hours, completely empty, because there is nowhere to park them in Manhattan.
Part of the cost involves the need to create a temporary bus terminal capable of serving what is right now 230,000 bus commuters a day while demolition of the old terminal and construction of a new one takes place, officials said.
Just where the money would come from has not been determined, though officials are hopeful that federal transit dollars will cover the bulk of the cost. For example, nearly three quarters of the cost of the WTC transportation hub, or $2.8 billion, is being provided by the Federal Transit Administration, according to the Port Authority.
It was during the summer that a public outcry over deteriorating conditions at the existing midtown bus station prompted the board to authoriize $90 million in immediate improvements to bathrooms, heating and air conditioning systems, flooring and other needs.
The new terminal could be completed in 10-15 years, depending on which of five alternatives is selected. Commissioners are not scheduled to take any action on the project Thursday.
Officials say peak hour capacity at the existing terminal is already exceeded by demand, which is projected to grow by 50 percent over the next 25 years, about the same time the lifespan of the terminal's floor slabs is projected to lapse.
"In 2040, more than 42,000 commuters each hour - the capacity of Citi Field - will use the Port Authority Bus Terminal during the afternoon peak," the Port Authority said in a statement. "Through the master planning process, the Port Authority and leading private sector consultants, including Parsons Brinkerhoff and Kohn Pederson Fox, are focused on creating a road map to address the significant demand for trans-Hudson bus capacity and ensure that hundreds of thousands of commuters each day will continue to help power the economy on both sides of the river for generations to come."
Officials said the current bus terminal loses $100 million a year, due to inefficiencies and a lack of revenue sources, an annual operating deficit that a new facility would be designed to avoid.
Steve Strunsky may be reached at sstrunsky@njadvancemedia.com. Follow hin on Twitter @SteveStrunsky. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
The English Beat is a band with an energetic mix of musical styles and a sound like no other. The band's unique sound has allowed it to endure for nearly three decades and appeal to fans, young and old, all over the world.
When The English Beat (known simply as The Beat in their native England) rushed on to the music scene in 1979, it was a time of massive social and political unrest and economic and musical upheaval. This set the stage for a period of unbridled musical creativity, and thanks in large part to the Punk movement and it's DIY approach to making music, artists like The Beat were able to speak out and speak their mind on the news of the day, as in “Stand Down Margaret”, things that mattered to them and the youth culture, as in “Get A Job”, and universal matters of the heart and soul, as in their classic hits “I Confess” and “Save It For Later”.
The original band consisted of singer-songwriter Dave Wakeling on vocals and guitar, Andy Cox on guitar, David Steele on bass, and Everett Morton on drums – later additions Ranking Roger (toasting) and foundational First Wave Ska legend Saxa (saxophone) completed the outfit. The band crossed over fluidly between soul, reggae, pop and punk, and from these disparate pieces they created an infectious dance rhythm.
The Beat first came to prominence as founding members of the British Two Tone Ska movement, with their classic first album “Just Can't Stop It” fitting squarely in that genre. Along with their contemporaries The Specials, The Selecter, and Madness, the band became an overnight sensation and one of the most popular and influential bands of that movement.
However, band leader Dave Wakeling never felt constrained by the movement. Dave has always viewed ska as a springboard, not a straight jacket. Indeed, the band's sound continued to evolve over their first three studio albums, through the General Public era (a band formed by Dave with Ranking Roger, the toaster from The Beat), and has continued it's evolution with the forthcoming English Beat album “Here We Go Love”, a PledgeMusic crowd-funded album set for release in 2016, the band's first new album since 1982's “Special Beat Service”.
Consummate showman that he is, Dave Wakeling has continued to keep The Beat alive and strong. Dave continues to tour the world as The English Beat with an amazing all-star ska backing band playing all the hits of The Beat, General Public, and songs from his new album “Here We Go Love”.
You just can't stop The English Beat!
The wedding may be over, but for Sherlock fans the after party has just begun! Read our full recap of series 3's sophomore effort, and discuss the episode with fellow fans! This post contains spoilers.
We open with Lestrade and (a returning) Donovan on an eighteen month long chase to catch a criminal gang – as Greg is about to finally put the cuffs on the network, he gets a series of urgent texts from Sherlock asking for his help, repeatedly. Abandoning his glorifying moment, he rushes to 221B with back-up to discover the super sleuth struggling with “the hardest thing” he's ever had to do in his life: writing the best man's speech for John and Mary's wedding.
“The Sign of Three” was something new for the hit BBC show, and far more a character piece than a crime drama. This was reflected in the opening thirty minutes, as instead of a thrilling murder we are treated to an exploration of Sherlock's character, and the changing dynamic of his relationship with John and wife Mary.
Post credits, Mrs. Hudson walks in on Sherlock practising his dancing, or at least that's how it seems. As it turns out, he's composing the Waltz for the soon-to-be-happy-couple's first dance. He sits with his landlady, and explains how he doesn't see the point of marriage, and how it changes nothing. Finally, he “gets ready for battle” – and so does a mysterious figure in military uniform.
At the start of the reception, Sherlock joins the groom in welcoming the guests – and the mysterious figure is revealed as John's friend and former superior, James Sholto. Sherlock is confused at never having heard of him before, but Mary insists John talks about him “all the time.” The crowds pile in, and the time is finally upon us, as the great detective prepares to start his speech.
But, just as the speech starts we flash back to Molly approaching Greg and Mrs. Hudson about the frankly terrifying prospect of Sherlock being chosen as best man. We now continue to jump between the speech and wedding preparations – Mike Stanford (the man that brought the Baker Street boys together) gets a cheeky mention in the telegrams, while we see the sheer awkwardness of John requesting that his former flatmate assume the role we now see him in. Cue a long silence, as Sherlock tries to explain all of the things he meant to say (but didn't). After a rare and out of character moment of sentiment, Holmes decides to remedy the situation by sharing some “funny stories” from John's blog.
Article Continues Below
Once we've whisked through an assassin dwarf, and a literal elephant in the room, John (under instruction from Mary) takes Sherlock out on a case to try and reassure him that the couple won't forget about him once they're wed. And so we meet a scared member of the Queen's Guard (played by Harry Potter star Alfie Enoch), who has become concerned about a photographer who is paying special attention to him. The duo go to investigate, but before they can find the serviceman his corpse is found in a locked shower with no murder weapon. Sherlock opens the case up to the wedding guests, who make misinformed guesses as to how the guard was killed. However, he reminds the assembled guests (and the audience) that the mystery isn't important – John, and his caring nature is what everyone's there for.
And so we reach what is quite possibly the most hilarious run of scenes we've ever seen in the show, as Sherlock's scrupulous efforts to avoid a hangover are marred by John's equally determined attempt to get trashed. The boys have to come home early after a few too many, and a near miss with a rowdy fellow drinker. As they play a drinking game, the crime solvers are interrupted by a woman who appears to have dated a ghost. They investigate the scene, and after some seriously questionable deductions Sherlock throws up, and the two spend the rest of John's stag do in a jail cell.
Revived by Mrs. Hudson, the consulting detective turns to online chat rooms to question some of the other women who have dated a dead man. He eventually realizes the “Mayfly man” has been checking newspaper obituaries and using the flats of deceased single men as temporary love nests. The best man's speech seems to be coming to a close, when we realize that the Queen's Guard's stalker is at the wedding, posing as the photographer.
As Lara Pulver's Irene Adler makes a surprising cameo and John's middle name becomes an important plot point, Sherlock finally pulls the puzzle together thanks to the help of a Mycroft apparition. The super sleuth shouts “Vatican cameos!”, and John springs to action, instantly knowing that someone is in danger. Mary joins the boys as they hunt down Sholto in his hotel room, wary of an oncoming attacker. Sherlock reveals how the Queen's guardsman was killed with a dagger in the back of an incredibly tight belt, only actually becoming lethal when the binding is removed. Realizing his death is coming at any time, Sholto tries to remove his belt to end his life, but Sherlock convinces him not to do it on John's wedding day. As John tries to save his former commander's life, Sherlock and Lestrade apprehend the photographer, also revealed as the Mayfly Man and exposing him as the Queen's Guard murderer (his death in fact just being a rehearsal for Sholto's).
With the mystery solved, it's finally time for John and Mary's first dance, accompanied by the beautiful Waltz composed by Sherlock. Sherlock takes “his last vow” (an intriguing bit of foreshadowing for the title of next week's series finale), promising to protect “all three of them.” And finally, we realise why Sherlock has been acting so odd – as he made one more deduction than he expected to: Mary is pregnant with John's baby! The guests start to dance, and the best man tries to find the bridesmaid for their customary dance, but she has already found someone else. Sherlock scans the crowd for a partner, but upon realizing that the party has continued without him, leaves.
And so ends one of the strangest episodes of Sherlock we've seen for a while. It broke the formula we've all grown accustomed to, but also broke new ground as we delve further and deeper into Sherlock's character than we ever have before.
Next time
All good things must come to an end, and just over a week and half after it began, Sherlock series 3 concludes next Sunday with the heart-stopping finale “His Last Vow,” featuring Lars Mikkelsen's sinister Charles Augustus Magnussen. Check out the trailer for the episode below!
What did you think of ‘The Sign of Three'?
A woman charged in connection with the death of a man who put on a bullet-proof vest and asked to be shot has now admitted she lied to investigators, according to Anderson County deputies.Taylor Ann Kelly was originally charged with involuntary manslaughter in the case but deputies said she is now charged with accessory after the fact of a felony.Deputies said Kelly admitted she was not truthful in her original statement and evidence confirms her admission and implicates another man who is now charged.Timothy Fisher, 25, is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the case, according to deputies. He is being held at the Anderson County Detention Center.The shooting was reported Wednesday on Broadmouth Church Road at 2:40 a.m., according to Sheila Cole with the Anderson County Sheriff's Office.Anderson County Deputy Coroner Don McCown said Blake Randall Wardell was hanging around with some other people in a garage at that location when he put on a bulletproof vest they had found.Wardell asked someone to shoot him, according to McCown.Wardell was shot with a small-caliber weapon and the shot went above the Kevlar of the vest and into Wardell's heart, killing him, McCown said.Several people tried unsuccessfully to perform CPR on Wardell, according to deputies.
A woman charged in connection with the death of a man who put on a bullet-proof vest and asked to be shot has now admitted she lied to investigators, according to Anderson County deputies.
Taylor Ann Kelly was originally charged with involuntary manslaughter in the case but deputies said she is now charged with accessory after the fact of a felony.
Advertisement
Deputies said Kelly admitted she was not truthful in her original statement and evidence confirms her admission and implicates another man who is now charged.
Timothy Fisher, 25, is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the case, according to deputies. He is being held at the Anderson County Detention Center.
The shooting was reported Wednesday on Broadmouth Church Road at 2:40 a.m., according to Sheila Cole with the Anderson County Sheriff's Office.
Anderson County Deputy Coroner Don McCown said Blake Randall Wardell was hanging around with some other people in a garage at that location when he put on a bulletproof vest they had found.
Wardell asked someone to shoot him, according to McCown.
Wardell was shot with a small-caliber weapon and the shot went above the Kevlar of the vest and into Wardell's heart, killing him, McCown said.
Several people tried unsuccessfully to perform CPR on Wardell, according to deputies.
AlertMe
Forty years ago, June 8, 1972, an Associated Press photographer, Nick Ut, was shooting photos outside of Trang Bang village, South Vietnam, when South Vietnamese planes accidentally dropped napalm bombs on Trang Bang, which had been occupied by North Vietnamese troops.
The children from left to right are: Phan Thanh Tam, younger brother of Kim Phuc, who lost an eye, Phan Thanh Phouc, the youngest brother of Kim Phuc, Kim Phuc, and Kim's cousins Ho Van Bon, and Ho Thi Ting. Behind them are soldiers of the Vietnam Army 25th Division, June 8, 1972. (Nick Ut/AP Photo)
Nine-year-old Kim Phuc was with a group of civilians trying to flee the village when the planes mistook them for soldiers and bombed them with naplam. Ut captured Kim Phuc and others running out of the bombed village. She was naked from having her clothes burned off. Ut and some other journalists quickly ran to help the burned villagers, saving Kim's life.
4o years later, Ut and Kim still stay in touch, and because of this tragic yet infamous picture their lives have become intertwined forever. Ut won a Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Photography in 1973 for his 1972 Associated Press photograph of Phan Thi Kim Phuc.
In this June 8, 1972, photo taken by Associated Press photographer Huynh Cong "Nick" Ut, a Skyraider, a propeller-driven plane of the Vietnamese Air Force (VNAF) 518th Squadron, drops one bomb with incendiary napalm and white phosphorus jelly over Trang Bang village. (Nick Ut/AP Photo)
Bombs with a mixture of napalm and white phosphorus jelly dropped by Vietnamese Air Force Skyraider bombers explode across Route 1, amid homes and in front of the Cao Dai temple on the outskirts of Trang Bang, Vietnam, June 8, 1972. (Nick Ut/AP Photo)
A Vietnamese man and woman carry severely burned children down Route 1 after a misdirected napalm attack by South Vietnamese pilots in the village of Trang Bang, South Vietnam. The aerial attack was intended for enemy forces on the outskirts of the village, June 8, 1972. The temple, seen in the background is still there today. That's where Kim Phuc and her family, along with other villagers, were inside, thinking they were safe from the conflict. The children in this image did not survive. (Nick Ut/AP Photo)
Nick Ut took this image seconds after his famous shot, of Kim Phuc running down the street. Television crews and South Vietnamese troops surround 9-year-old Kim Phuc on Route 1 near Trang Bang, South Vietnam, after she was burned by a misdirected aerial napalm attack, June 8, 1972. (Nick Ut/AP)
In an interview with KABC7 LA, Nick Ut described the scene: "I keep shooting, shooting pictures of Kim running. Then when she passed my camera, I saw her body burned so badly, I said, 'Oh my God, I don't want any more pictures.' She was screaming and crying. She just said, 'I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying,' and, 'I need some water, bring water.' Right away, [I] run and put water on her body. I want to help her. I say no more pictures, I want to help Kim Phuc right away."
Phan Tai Kim Phuc, 9, is comforted by her mother in a Saigon, Vietnam, hospital, two days after she was severely burned during a misplaced napalm attack on her village, June 10, 1972.(Robinson/AP Photo)
From right, Associated Press staff photographer Nick Ut, Phan Thi Kim Phuc and Dr. My Le, who treated Kim Phuc two days after a napalm attack in Vietnam 40 years ago, sit together during a reunion in Buena Park, Calif., June 2, 2012. (Jae C. Hong/AP Photo)
Phan Thi Kim Phuc, left, is visited by Associated Press photographer Nick Ut at her home in Trang Bang, Vietnam, 1973. As a nine-year-old, Kim Phuc was the subject of a Pulitzer Prize-winning photo by Ut as she fled in pain from a misdirected napalm attack against her village by South Vietnamese planes in 1972. After taking the photograph, Ut came to the girl's aid and transported her to a hospital. (AP Photo)
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II, right, opens the new Welcome Wing of London 's Science Museum with Associated Press photographer Nick Ut, left and Phan Thi Kim Phuc, center, June 27, 2000. Ut's image of Kim is featured in the museum. (Ian Jones/AP Photo)
Huynh Cong "Nick" Ut takes a photo of schoolgirls cycling near the place where he took his famous Pulitzer Prize-winning photograph of 9-year-old napalm victim Kim Phuc 40 years ago in Trang Bang, Tay Ninh province, Vietnam, March 29, 2012. (Na Son Nguyen/AP Photo)
A copy of the Pulitzer Prize winning photograph by Associated Press photographer Huynh Cong "Nick" Ut is held at the place he took it 40 years ago in Trang Bang, Tay Ninh province, Vietnam, March 29, 2012. (Na Son Nguyen/AP Photo)
Kim Phuc, right, hugs Associated Press staff photographer Nick Ut, who she calls "Uncle," during a reunion in Buena Park, Calif., June 2, 2012. Ut is currently a Los Angeles-based Associated Press photographer and, in 1997, Kim Phuc established the first Kim Phuc Foundation in the U.S. with the aim of providing medical and psychological assistance to child victims of war. She currently resides in Canada. (Jae C. Hong/AP Photo)
More stories and Interviews Here at ABC7.com L.A.
Color film was shot on the same day by ITN photojournalist Alan Downes from ITN, seen here, (1:40 min mark)
Not to be confused with Chautariya Pushkar Shah
Pushkar Shah is a Nepalese peace and democracy activist and adventurer. On November 29, 1998 he set off from Dolakha Town, Nepal at the age of 25, for a world bicycle trek.[1] His goal was to spread a message of peace and hope.[2] He has cycled around 150 different countries.
Pushkar poses in front of his bicycle that took him around the world. To mark his one hundredth country, he visited Egypt to see The Great Pyramids.
Early life [ edit ]
Shah hails from a Nepalese farming family from the Makaibari Village Development Committee of Dolakha District. His father served in the Indian Gorkha Regiment.
Freedom fighter [ edit ]
He was a freedom fighter and was shot during the 1990 People's Movement.[3] His stated motivations were to establish peace, democracy, human rights, freedom of expression and rule of law against the autocratic Panchayat regime. He was arrested and imprisoned many times.[4]
Cycling journey [ edit ]
With only a bicycle, 60 kg of essentials and 100 Nepali Rupees (NR) from his mother, he started his journey in November 1998 from a small village in Dolakha, aiming to circumnavigate the world.
He carried with him messages of peace from Nepal and collected national flags from whichever country he travelled to. On 7 April 2010, he attempted climbing Mount Everest with his collection of flags from around the world.[5] He successfully topped on 17 May 2010.[6]
While in New Zealand, he met Sir Edmund Hillary. However, during his visit, his bicycle was stolen. On learning about this, Hillary bought him a new bicycle. In another incident in Barbados, Pushkar was attacked with a knife while sleeping. When he was in Mexico, he was kidnapped and taken 180 km inside a jungle. He assaulted his captors and escaped, without knowing their motivations.[5]
The Fox News host is losing his audience and his advertisers, but he's stubbornly standing with the Republican accused of molesting children and preying on teenagers.
Roy Moore has become the problem Sean Hannity just can't quit.
Not only is Moore's disastrous Senate campaign hurting the Fox News host politically, as he tries to prop up the scandal-plagued Republican nominee, but Moore is now damaging Hannity's bottom line.
Thanks to Moore and the raging controversy that surrounds his campaign, with more women continuing to come forward and detailing how they were pursued or assaulted as teens by creepy mall-cruising Moore when he was in his 30s, Hannity's now shedding advertisers and viewers, and Rachel Maddow is benefiting.
Hannity became a flashpoint when he immediately appeared to defend Moore from the child molestation allegations, suggesting women often fabricate stories of sexual assault. Hannity also seemed to suggest Moore's encounters with underage girls were “consensual,” but he later apologized and said he “misspoke.”
On Tuesday, reeling from new revelations, Hannity gave Moore “24 hours” to “fully come up with a satisfactory explanation for [his] inconsistencies” before losing the host's support.
The following day, in a bizarre spectacle for American politics, Moore wrote an open letter to the talk show host trying to explain away allegations of pedophilia. Moore failed to explain the inconsistencies with his stories. But it didn't matter — Hannity capitulated anyway.
Other Republicans are not being quite so generous. “[Moore] was on a no-fly list for a mall, which to me is pretty stunning,” quipped South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham on Wednesday.
Meanwhile, more and more brand managers on Madison Avenue are telling Hannity thanks but no thanks, and pulling their ads from his show, as he wallows in the muck as Moore defender and apologist. Considering the majority of America's consumers are women, it's obvious why brands would be wary of soliciting customers following a message like that.
On Wednesday, the plus-size retailer Eloquii announced it too had bolted from Hannity's show. “We can confirm that we have blocked Hannity from our advertising list.”
They join a growing list of advertisers who have cut ties with the Fox News host, including Hebrew National, ReddiWip, Marie Callender's, Volvo, HelloFresh, Hubble Contacts, UNTUCKit, Volvo, the Society for Human Resource Management, Cadillac, and E-Trade.
Over the weekend, enraged Hannity fans started smashing their $120 Keurig coffee makers and posting videos online after the manufacturer announced it was pulling ads. After goading them on at first, Hannity then beseeched his fans to stop, and announced he was buying 500 Keurig coffee makers to replace the ones that fans smashed to pieces. (So Keurig dropped Hannity's show and then Hannity bought $5,000 worth of Keurig coffee makers. Makes perfect sense.)
Hannity, though, has more than an advertiser problem. He also has a ratings problem thanks to Roy Moore.
Since the child molestation scandal broke on Nov. 9, MSNBC's Rachel Maddow has been consistently beating Hannity in the 9 pm hour among ad-friendly viewers 25-54. And she's doing that in part because the Moore fiasco appears to have depressed Hannity's audience.
One week before the Moore story enveloped the GOP, on Nov. 2, Hannity drew 739,000 viewers, 25-54. The night before the Moore story broke, on Nov 8, Hannity drew 672,000 demo viewers. The night of the Moore story? Hannity's demo viewership plummeted to 567,000. So in the span of one week, Hannity lost nearly 25 percent of his demo viewership.
Meanwhile, Maddow's show has surged during the Moore coverage. Her demo audience beat Hannity on Nov. 9, Nov. 13, and Nov. 14. (Maddow did not host a show on Friday, Nov. 10.)
Hannity has to figure out a way to quit Roy Moore.
This giveaway has expired. Click here to enter our latest giveaway!
Our Big Box O' Games Giveaway is back! Help us celebrate our Fall 2017 release of Casual Game Insider by entering to win these eight brand-new games!
Lost Cities: The Board Game — Guide your team of explorers on up to five expeditions, trying to make it farther than your opponents. Along the way increase points by finding artifacts, victory points, and shortcuts.
Odin's Ravens — Race through the landscape in the opposite direction as your opponent to be the first to return to Odin. Use Loki cards to shift the cards on the table in your favor.
NHL Fastrack — Using only one hand and the elastic band, the goal is to fire all 10 discs through the tiny slot to the other side of the track.
Amalgam — Fill your cauldrons with an amalgam of ingredients to create the most potent potions. Use your memory to gather and collect as many of the same type of ingredients as you can for the strongest result.
Knot Dice — Create beautiful Celtic knot designs in over a dozen different games and puzzles.
Martial Art — A card game of factions warring for dominance of feudal Japan. Two decks included to support up to four players.
Women in Science — Collect cards, form labs, race your opponents, or steal their scientists in this strategic and educational game. Includes Women in Space expansion pack.
Planetary Strike — A space-themed abstract strategy game for up to six players.
We would like to offer a special thanks to the publishers of these games for providing the prizes for this giveaway.
Enter below to win! (Note: our giveaways are only open to U.S. residents, age 18 or older. Why?)
Big Box O' Games - Fall 2017
Currency Wars: Race to dump U.S. debt
China is one of the largest holders of U.S. debt, and right now China is selling its U.S. debt in a hurry. Not only that, but other large purchasers of U.S. debt like Russia and Brazil, are also looking to dump their own U.S. debt. As of June this year, China owned at least $1.3 trillion of U.S. treasuries. This recent sell-off marks the biggest since 1978, and the flurry of those who are newly unloading bonds; is prompting some to worry.
The Bank of China has been busy selling U.S. dollars and instead buying yuan, in a supposed effort to prevent its own currency from dropping below its target rate. Russia, Brazil, and China aren't the only ones looking to unload U.S. debt either. Others looking to join the effort include Taiwan and Norway. Aside from China still holding the leading position in owning the most amount of U.S. debt, Japan is a close second with at least $1.231 trillion of their own.
In an ongoing effort to have their own currency recognized by the IMF, and to compete with the U.S. dollar, China has been steadily increasing its gold reserves. Their move to store gold, has also promoted other countries to make the move into precious metals as well. It is estimated that they've already acquired well over 1,000 tons of gold. The U.S. claims “officially” that they hold the most amount of gold reserves, but their reserves haven't been audited since the 50s and there are many who disagree with the claim, some even say that it's possible they hold none at all. Likewise, with China and their own holdings; there is some speculation as to how much they've truly accumulated.
The growing trend of those who are looking to dump their U.S. treasuries, is a nod to the reality that confidence in the U.S. dollar is declining. As Doug Casey has said in the past on the matter, “confidence can blow away like a pile of feathers during a hurricane.”
When recently interviewed by Dan Dicks, and asked about his opinion on the coming crash of the dollar, Casey had this to say, “foreigners don't have to hold the [U.S.] dollar, it's [strength] is resting on nothing more stable than confidence.” He admits that the inevitable failure of the U.S. dollar is rather imminent. For the last few years, as Casey puts it, we've been in a financial hurricane, and “soon [we are going] to exit” the hurricane. Casey estimates that when the crash does finally happen, it is going to be much “longer lasting and much worse” than that which we've possibly ever witnessed before.
Follow Dan Dicks:
Facebook
Twitter
Dan Dicks Twitter
Dan Dicks Instagram
Subscribe:
Youtube
Press For Truth TV
If you do not use PayPal or credit cards you can still donate! We accept checks, money orders, cash and equipment. With good old fashion mail you can send Dan stuff to:
Mail to Dan Dicks:
505-8840 210th Street
Langley BC, V1M 2Y2
Canada
Scientists may no longer consider Pluto a planet, but it remained the last unexplored world of our solar system until Tuesday, when the fastest spacecraft to ever leave Earth reached its elusive goal. New Horizons launched January 19, 2006, hurtling through space at about 34,000 miles per hour. The spacecraft has traveled 3 billion miles on its way to Pluto, which shows how far space exploration has come: The first missions to photograph planets from space traveled just 65 and 6,118 miles to capture Earth and Mars. Here are the first photos taken of every planet in our solar system.
New Horizons supplied this image taken 476,000 miles from Pluto. On Tuesday, the spacecraft came within just 7,750 miles of Pluto's surface.
The first image from space came long before Sputnik, Neil Armstrong, and missions named Apollo. On October 24, 1946, a crew of soldiers and scientists strapped a 35-millimeter camera to a V-2 missile and launched it 65 miles above the Earth's surface. The team had protected the film in steel casing, and when 19-year-old soldier Fred Rulli found the mangled remains of the rocket, the team celebrated the first images of Earth from space.
On July 14, 1965, exactly 50 years before New Horizons provided the first images of Pluto, Mariner 4 became the first spacecraft to photograph a planet other than Earth. The barren images dispelled any lingering scientific theories of modern life on Mars. Mariner 4 photographed and transmitted images of more than 500,000 square miles of Mars's surface.
By Lookout on Jun 13, 2016 with Comments 1
Peter Mallett, Staff Writer ~
A group of marine scientists has confirmed Second World War merchant marine vessel Coast Trader was torpedoed by a Japanese submarine in the Strait of Juan de Fuca inside Canadian waters.
Officials from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), in partnership with the Vancouver Maritime Museum and Ocean Exploration Trust (OET), conducted a 10-hour dive June 2 in the waters off the coast of Vancouver Island, and located the 324-foot supply ship that was under charter by the United States Army 40 nautical miles to the southwest of Vancouver Island.
“It certainly is a game-changer as far as Canadian history is concerned,” said Vancouver Maritime Museum Executive Director Ken Burton. “Up until this point we had operated under the belief this was a vessel under contract by the U.S. military that we believed was sunk in American waters.”
The ship remained lost for 71 years until its discovery during a 2013 survey by the Canadian Hydrographic Service. The dive team, organized by Titanic discoverer Robert Ballard, used a remote-controlled robotic submarine dispatched from the deck of OET's Nautilus research vessel to descend 138 metres to the wreck on the sea floor. The Remotely Operated Vehicle was controlled from URI's Inner Space Center in Narragansett, RI, and captured images, measured water conditions, and conducted visual inspection of the sunken freighter and its contents.
Burton noted that not only does the positive identity of the Coast Trader “completely alter our understanding of World War Two history” it also gives us a better understanding of the threat posed to Canada's Pacific Coast by Japan at that time. Burton noted the dive also add credence to the theory that the Estevan Point lighthouse, a communications beacon for the Canadian Armed Forces at the time, was also likely shelled by the submarine a few days later.
“This finding brings an important part of [Second World War] right to our doorstep and proves the fears of a full-scale attack were very real and the submarines were right here operating on Canada's west coast,” said Burton.
The sinking of Coast Trader occurred at the same time as the Battle of Midway and the occupation of the Aleutian Islands by Japan, and only six months after the attack on Pearl Harbor. He noted the well-documented sense of heightened panic and hysteria about the threat posed by Japan ensued on the Pacific Coast.
To dispel these fears, the United States military immediately denied the attack had occurred; their official line at the time: an “internal explosion” caused the sinking.
NOAA's findings confirm the torpedo strike with video of the large hole in the ship's hull.
The torpedo slammed into the ship on June 7, 1942, shortly after the Coast Trader set off from Port Angeles, Wash., bound for San Francisco with a cargo of 1,250 tons of newsprint in its hold. The Japanese Navy's submarine I-26 was lying in wait at the entrance to the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
The missile's impact ripped an enormous hole in the ship's hull and it quickly sunk beneath the waves while the crew of 56, some of whom were badly injured, scrambled into two rafts and a giant lifeboat.
“We believe that the Coast Trader had a crew of 36, but that there were additional military support persons on the vessel raising the total souls on the vessel at the time of the attack to 56,” says Burton.
Although the lifeboat and rafts were separated by a fierce overnight storm, the sailors were eventually rescued by the Royal Canadian Navy's HMCS Edmundston after their nearly 40-hour ordeal at sea. One of the sailors eventually died from exposure and medical complications caused by the attack, but the rest of the crew survived.
The findings of the dive team also eased fears of a potential environmental disaster lying in wait. That's because the Coast Trader was carrying an estimated 7,000 barrels of heavy Bunker C fuel.
It was previously believed that corrosion of the containers could pose an immediate threat to marine life and the coastal habitat of Washington and British Columbia, but the team's findings dispel those fears.
“Our visual inspection proved the site is fairly well intact, which is a very important distinction,” Michael Brennan, Director of Marine Archaeology and Maritime History for Ocean Exploration Trust. “There is not much corrosion visible on the hull and the rest of the contents of the ship, and we would not expect leakage to begin in the near future.”
Brennan who coordinates and oversees the Nautilus' archaeological activities refused to estimate when or how long it would take for the barrels to corrode and for leakage to begin. He noted other sunken ships such as the USS Arizona, which lies in the waters off Hawaii and has been leaking small amounts of fuel since its sinking during Pearl Harbor, poses a more immediate threat.
Brennan concluded that despite some early jitters before conducting the dive, the team was relieved when they got a positive identification on the vessel.
“There is always a slight nervousness when you find your target and approach a shipwreck,” said Brennan. “Before you get an ROV on site there is always that concern that it's not what you think it is. Our finding is important both environmentally and historically.”
Video and photographs of the dive and the Nautilus' latest project can be found at www.nautiluslive.org/
Route 109
Mister Briney was kind enough to ferry me to the beach near Slateport. As I turn to wave goodbye to him all I can see is a toddler clutching a wingull egg. Not wanting to think too much about it I hurry across the beach, of course that doesn't deter trainers from challenging me on sight. At least all those battles were enough to get Ivanova to evolve!
Ivanova ♀ Lv. 15
Slateport City
Ready for another batch?
- OK.
We still weren't able to fix the problems we've been having. The tech guys say the issue is most likely on your end.
I switch out Clara for Tarkus and leave the pokémon center.
Remembering from last time I was here I head to the shipyard to find Captain Stern for some reason. Reaching his office I can only find one of Stern's shipwrights and he tells me he's at the museum right now. I should have remembered that part.
I prepare for the worst before entering the museum, I remember last time being surrounded by the aqua crew. I storm the entrance but all I can find are a bunch of people wearing blue and white striped clothes and black bandanas. I pay them no mind and head to the upper floor.
- Captain?
Yees?
- I… uh…
You have the parcel?
I look in my backpack for the letter Giovanni gave me but it's still blank, while looking I notice a small but heavy package at the bottom of my bag. I have no idea how it got there but I show it to Xerosic.
- This one?
A-yees!
Hand it over, Xerosic!
Quickly now, we can do this the easy way or the hard way!
I grab the plasm goon by the head and slam it into the corner of a nearby display case. He leaves a red smear down the case as he slides along it to the floor.
- I choose the easy way.
B-but you can't!
Yarr! What be takin' ye so long?
B-boss!
- Oh boy…
Arr! Th' name's Archie. But to you two it's “Cap'n”, we've been through this!
Sorry, Boss Captain!
*gargle*
- Oh, Archie… you look… different.
Yarr, I get that a lot. Tabloids never get a good picture o' me.
- That's not what-
So ye be th' brat meddlin' in my affairs. Know this: Team Aqua and th' Aqua Alliance are workin' for th' betterment o' th' world!
- Uh-huh, and you plan to expand the sea to wash away all the people who are polluting and doing all kinds of bad stuff to the ocean because all life on earth came from the sea blah blah blah…
Yarr I thought our web page had no hits! I'll let ye off th' hook this time. And you!
Yes Captain!
Pick that up.
Bluuhhh…
Archie leaves while the galaxy grunt drags the plasm goon out behind him.
Ah, thank you. Without those parts it'd take another month to finish my submarine!
Xerosic rushes out of the building and I just leave and decide to carry on. I notice a crowd gathered near the contest hall.
Ah, you there! You've got the perfect look for my new show!
- Huh?
You're about to discover the wondrous world of pokémon contests!
- Nope!
Route 110
I make my escape to the north, thankfully I was heading this way anyway. Without a bike I'm forced to take the slower winding, grassy path. I make it about halfway when the breeze suddenly changes direction and the air in front of me begins to shimmer and wobble.
- What now?
A shadowy figure appears in the shimmering wall in front of me and steps through, bumping into me.
Ow! Hey, how'd you do that?
- Do what?
You appeared out of nowhere- oh, hi Caldar!
- Dawn?
So how's your journey going?
Yeah, where's dumbass?
- Oh… it's a long story…
Hey, let's have a battle!
- Fine…
Go… wait, where's my- never mind. Go Wailmer!
- Go Ivanova!
- Thunder fang!
Water gun!
Ivanova sinks her teeth into wailmer's hide and jolts it with electricity, wailmer knocks her off with a jet of water.
- Thunder fang!
Rollout!
Wailmer passes out from another electrocuting bite.
Go… Shroomish?
- Ivanova return! Go Choppa!
Leech seed!
Choppa is caught off guard and the seed sprouts tiny vines that grasp him and start sapping his energy.
- Dragon rage!
Stun spore!
Choppa spits a ball of dragonflame in shroomish's face, shroomish sprays Choppa with a cloud of choking spores. Choppa's energy continues to be drained slowly by the leech seed.
- Dragon rage!
Mega drain!
Choppa takes a moment to compose himself while shroomish drains more energy from him, with enough anger mustered Choppa blasts shroomish with another ball of dragonflame. Shroomish flops to the floor into a smouldering pile.
Go Combusken!
- Choppa return! Go Tarkus!
Sand attack!
Combusken kicks sand into Tarkus' eyes as he leaves his pokéball.
- Shadow punch!
Flame charge!
Combusken wreathes itself in flames and darts across the field, slamming into Tarkus. Tarkus' fist becomes surrounded with darkness as he punches combusken across the jaw.
- Shadow punch!
Peck!
Combusken jabs at Tarkus with it's beak, Tarkus responds with an uppercut with his shadowy fist.
- Shadow punch!
Peck!
Combusken pecks at Tarkus' face and he responds with a quick jab to the gut. Combusken collapses to the floor, clutching it's stomach.
Aw, you beat me again. You're getting stronger than ever! Anyway, Professor Rowan asked me to check something out not far from here. See you!
Dawn disappears back into the shimmering wall, I try to follow but the air just returns to normal and there's no sign of her. The silver orb in my backpack starts vibrating. I place it in my palm.
Watch out! There's a huge rift near you!
- Yeah, thanks for the warning.
Did anything come through it?
- Just some girl I knew, but she went back.
Good. Oh, it seems to have dissolved of it's own accord. How strange.
- You're telling me…
About
Cor Blimey! A Role Playin Webcomic Kickstarter called 'Role Playin Gamer' Draws Near You!
Command!
>> Read More!
>> Watch Video!
>> Pledge!
>> Bookmark!
Welcome to our Role Playin Gamer Kickstarter to Kickstart Role Playin Gamer the Webcomic http://www.roleplayingamer.com the ongoing Console Rpg Webcomic about the main characters and their Role Playin Adventures and their love for Role Playin Video Games, Role Playin Book Games, Role Playin Card Games and Role Playin all around, an endless world of Role Playin.
Our Kickstarter Goal:
To Fund the Creation of the Webcomic Strips for a year and an Art Print Comic Book 100 pages(100 at start - 130 pages depending on Stretch Goals) with Role Play Section like many D&D books.
We want to Kickstart a fund for a year or more of Web Comic creation mostly 3 panel gamer like strips, a first run print book of the web comics and bonus creator artwork ranging from 100 pages to 130+ full color with some Black and White Drawings and other random media if we reach our stretch goals, web maintenance and design, back end server administration, and the occasional advance web comic video games, videos and more web comic media forms with bonus digital interactive goodies including random flash interactive comics and much much more of the main stream popular 3 panel gamer strip type Web Comics for many classic console RPGs games and series and many more RPGs video games, ccgs, D&D type rpgs, freeform and so much more.
Check out some of our strips, see more at http://www.roleplayingamer.com
We also want to produce an artbook with all the comics in it from the first year about the first 50 or so comics, and some more extras bonus comics from Mike and Gywneth and behind the scenes artwork on Role Playing Artwork, Production and Development Artwork, Creator notes and more, a real collectors item as it's the first edition print of our webcomic, it will become a rare piece of memorabilia, a one of a kind. They will both be signed and given a bit of a personalized thank you in the book for your pledge for the continuing creation of our webcomic.
Our basic baseline goal is $5000 to meet the baseline costs, because we enjoy making the series so much even that is enough to fund the Comic for a year and print a book. We would do it for free but it costs money and takes time away from earning money not making webcomics but it would be more fun to make webcomics for a living.
We hope with our intensives and stretch goal rewards, we can raise more and increase the quality and quantity of the webcomics and print book.
About The Webcomic:
"Role Playin Gamer" Role Playin Gamer has been in development since 2007 I have a ton of it developed, lots of art over the years, lots of possible story lines, video game concepts, hundreds of RPG web comic jokes mostly about console rpgs but all other rpgs too, video games, print book RPGs, and cards etc. I want to get Role Playin Gamer Kickstarted since it's awesome like old school 8bit and 16bit games and even still as awesome as the latest rpgs.
Role Playin Gamer the Webcomic is the latest collaboration of Web Comic Greats Mike Kirouff of Gamer Dater - http://www.gamerdater.com and Gwyneth Landale of Geeky Girl Comics - http://geekygirlcomics.tumblr.com/ Role Playin Gamer the Webcomic is a comedic webcomic about console rpgs mostly and other rpgs and video game and more that updates multiple times a week with 3 panel strips, rpg artwork, flash games and more, we have active forms and archives of our comic plus old comics of the same great quality.
Right now we don't have a day job and hope to turn our webcomic into a paying job like many other webcomics out there, we hope with it's monthly subscriptions options, merchandise commissions and even video games, rpgs and more we can turn our hobby into a paying job.
About The Book:
Cover:
Depending on interest we will run a short run print or a large print of a book of Role Playin Gamer Webcomic Book Year 1 All the comics up to date in the book with Mike's and Gywneth's notes and extra behind the scenes and additional artwork from both Mike & Gywneth, other comics from Both and extras only in the book, a true collectors item. Will be printed on soft cover bounded 100+ pages or more depending on how far we go on the Stretch Goal on high quality paper 6x9 color with some black and white drawings and more media with all the strips to date and extras as described signed by both Mike and Gwyneth. There will be a small role Playin Section like D&D for the Role Playin Gamer Universe with the ability to create your own character in the Story with various stats and have a session with your friends as someone DMs the story based on the guidelines stated in the book with various original Role Playin Gamer characters and puns on old classics. $25 includes shipping in the US. $10 more $35 total for each book outside the USA.
About The People Behind Role Playin Gamer:
Mike Kirouff has been writing, drawing and creating comics his whole life along with engineering other social media sites like Gamer Dater and creating Video Games like Final Phantasy 1: The Search for God & Dragoon Princess. I have been working on websites graphic design & video with many big names Mtv, EA Sports, ABC as you can see on my Design Website http://www.mikekirouff.com I have been drawing since I could hold a pencil.
My artworks have been retweeted by Wil Weaton of Startrek. and liked on Facebook by recent ISS Commander Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.
Col. Chris Hadfield Likes It On Facebook!
Last year everyone got to know the mega giant Gamer Dater Mike Kirouff created, and seen as Unique Advertising such sites as Microsoft Paint Adventures and others, everyone across the internet talked about it on all popular forums, Penny Arcade, Something Awful and more about this awesome new Video Game Dating site and its unique amazing Advertising. There's even been some great reviews on the internet about Gamer Dater lately.
Gywneth Landale helps write stories and draw for Role Playin Gamer and also has her own webcomic as well, http://geekygirlcomics.tumblr.com and others coming out. Gwyneth is a writer and illustrator but mostly helps with writing on Role Playin Gamer and help Mike with this comic and others as well as Gamer Dater and other websites.
STRETCH GOALS
We have a wide range of stretch goals if we should get more Pledges than our basic goal if we can push our initial $5000.00 goal
$5000 - Thee 3 panel web comics updates a week, 2 in Color and 1 in Black and White and at least one RPG related art piece every two weeks at least and 1 flash multimedia / interactive / video game rpg every 2 months for a year. PLUS the 100 Page Art / Comic / Role Playin Book. PLUS BONUS THANK YOU DIGITAL HIGH RES KICKSTARTER RPG POSTER TO ALL PACKAGES!
$9000 - Three 3 panel webcomics updates a week, 3 in color and at least one related rpg artwork a week, or simple webcomic and at least one simple flash multimedia video, interactive or video game piece a month for a year and 15 bonus pages to make a 115 page Role Playin Gamer Comic Art Book Of Year One
$12,000 - Thee 3 panel webcomic updates a week in full color, two related rpg art pieces a week and at least 1 flash piece a month for 1 year PLUS The Role Playin Webcomic Artbook Year 1 to have 30 bonus pages in it bringing the content to 130 pages with extra creation content, bonus comics plus more AND Final Phantasy 1 the Role Playin Gamer Video Game RPG will have additional bonus content and become an advance online Role Playin Game with Online features similar to MMORPGs.
It would be great as to reach as high as $12k for a stretch goal to provide a real fund for the creators to create the comic for a year, artbook, games and more and create a bigger print book, it's by no means alot of money for a year of producing a webcomics full time, much of it is going to the production of the books, shirts and other reward package item bonuses, taxes and Kickstarter + Amazon fees but also to the production of the comic online and it's still a great start and can really fund the production of great webcomics of real quality for a year and better then being not be able to focus on the comic and on other projects to earn money, so it would be really wonderful and awesome to reach the higher stretch goals, that is why there is much more content on the higher rewards. It would be great for the creators too as they are wishing to make webcomics their professional occupation and have the webcomics feed them for a year as both are unemployed now and trying to freelance and make webcomics and video games their full time jobs for a career.
$20,000 TO BE UNLOCKED!
$1,000,000 Purchase of a Starship to take over the universe! (Perhaps Not But We Can Dream ^_^ )
About the Role Playin Gamer Webcomic RPG Video Game Pledge Reward Bonus:
Final Phantasy 1 is the adventures of Hrist and Lenneth in their own personal RPG Adventure. Depending on interest donations and how far we get on our stretch goals will determine how the outcome of the bonus Role Playin Gamer RPG Video Game will be, either in Flash or in PHP MYSQL if needed or if we get good donation it could even go to the MMORPG Level if donation get big.
Since it will be in Flash or Online in Php / MySQL you can access it nearly any computer Windows, Mac, Unix or others really anything that runs Flash or a web browser.
The Final Phantasy 1 World:
Hrist & Lennenth and their friends in their own RPG adventure in a theme of other RPG tones and worlds, this is the epic quest much like Final Fantasy. It will be like other games we have produced like Dragoon Princess and Final Phantasy Online: The Search for G.O.D. - Gaming Omnipotent Divinity
About the Posters/Comic Prints Pledge Reward Bonus:
Posters and Comics are printed on high quality 12x18 100 lb. Cardstock Paper perfect to hang or frame right away, upgraded sizes are available signed by both Mike and Gwyneth. $10 print & $5 shipping - $15 total including shipping (US), more for international, $10 + $10 = $20 a piece for international.
Each Poster Upgraded to 18x24 $20 more($35 total Including Shipping US - $10 more for International Shipping), Upgraded to 24x36 $35 more ($50 total Including Shipping US - $15 more for International)
About the Shirts Reward Bonus:
Unisex/Mens S - 4XL & Womans S - 2XL on high quality shirts.
Most shirts add $2 for 2xl and $3 for 3xl-4xl
$25 including shipping (US) for most shirts $10 apiece more for international shipping.
$33 including shipping (US) for the Gamer Heart Shirt $10 apiece more for international shipping.
For The Controller Heart Shirt we only have to 2XL for both Unisex/Mens and Womans
About The Sketches:
On 3.5 x 5 index card, a very simple black marker sketch thank you sketch of your favorite Role Playin Gamer Character, RPG Character or something very simple as a thank you, if one is not requested a random Role Playin Gamer will be drawn as a thank-you card note signed by both Mike and Gwyneth.
About The Commissions:
Simple $30 Comissons:
No real backgrounds just simple and clean sketches with simple digital coloring send to you online, if you want a signed 12x18 on heavy cardstock print of your simple commission mailed to you that would be an extra $15 to the pledge to cover the costs in the US, more for internation
Advance $150 Commissions:
You are allowed a full drawn picture with two characters and a background full color printed on 12"x18" signed by both Mike and Gwyneth, if you want more characters, or maybe your own commissioned small webcomic or small Video Game RPG please contact us about the suggested donation.
Advance $150 Commission Examples:
About The Behind The Scenes Access To Role Playin Gamer:
You will be given special access to online restricted Premium membership to access behind the scenes at Role Playin Gamer 'unreleased artwork, upcoming comics, premium access members only forum, website ads free & more with a special login, just designate a user name when the time comes for fulfillment and you will be granted access to behinds the scenes media for Role Playin Gamer for the duration of your pledge.
Reward Packages Info Upgrades to Nearly any Tier
You can add additional Posters, Shirts, Books to any order, just increase the Pledge to the right amount to get all the right Rewards and let us know the addons you are adding on.
$10 + $5 Shiping (US) more for any 1 print signed of any 1 of the posters or for any print of any 1 comic in the archive signed by both Mike and Gwyneth $8 more for international shipping bigger size posters available read above for Poster Package Info
$25 including shipping (US) more for the book signed added to any package, $10 more for international shipping.
$25 including shipping (US) for most shirts $10 more for international shipping.
$33 including shipping (US) for the Gamer Heart Shirt $10 more for international shipping.
Be sure to add $10 more per shirt for international shipping and more for extra sizes.
Unisex/Mens S - 4XL & Womans S - 4XL on high quality shirts. Most shirts add $2 for 2XL and $3 for 3XL-4XL .
For The Controller Heart Shirt we only have to 2XL for both Unisex/Mens and Womans.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 13, 2016, 4:47 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 13, 2016, 4:52 PM GMT By Jon Schuppe
Turning his attention to the heavens — and how turbulence there could create chaos on Earth — President Obama directed the federal government Thursday to come up with a plan to deal with "space weather."
Space weather, by the way, is a catch-all for disturbances in the area between the sun and Earth, such as solar flares, that wreak havoc on the electrical power grid, GPS systems, aviation equipment, satellites and other technology that have become integral to human life.
The Aurora australis, also known as the southern lights, glows above the Earth on July 15, 2012. Joe Acaba / NASA via AP
Particularly bad storms of this kind can bring down parts of the power grid, "resulting in cascading failures that would affect key services such as water supply, healthcare and transportation," according to an executive order Obama signed Thursday. "Space weather," the order adds, "has the potential to simultaneously affect and disrupt health and safety across entire continents."
Related: Brain Scan Helmets and Mini-Satellites Get New Federal Funding
The directive put several federal agencies on notice that they have six months to come up with a sweeping plan to predict and detect these interstellar events, alert the public, protect critical infrastructure and recover from the damage. That includes NASA, which will create a research program to "understand the sun and its interactions with Earth and the solar system."
The president signed the order as he prepared for a daylong Frontiers Conference in Pittsburgh, where he planned to announce $300 million in spending on a variety of projects aimed at keeping the United States on the edge of technological innovation over the next 50 years, from understanding Alzheimer's disease and road traffic to preventing biased policing to putting a person on Mars.
Related: U.S. Partnering With Private Firms to Send Humans to Mars by 2030s, Obama Says
Obama will detail some of these efforts as a guest editor of the November issue of Wired magazine.
Editor's Note: The following article is reprinted from the Today @ PC World blog at PCWorld.com.
Hollywood has a problem. It's red, boxy, lets you rent DVDs for $1 a night, and is severely threatening movie studios from making money. The threat is Redbox self-serve DVD rental kiosks outside McDonald's and in grocery stores.
The Associated Press reports earlier this week 20th Century Fox ordered its wholesalers not to sell DVD discs to Redbox until 30 days after a movie's initial release to help boost retail sales.
This came a day after Redbox's parent company, Coinstar, reported a 110 percent revenue increase in the second quarter of this year while DVD sales fell 13.5 percent in the first half of the year.
Fox isn't the first studio to play hardball with the kiosk company. Last year, Universal Pictures and Redbox got in a scuffle after the studio tried to push a 45-delay waiting period. When Redbox objected, Universal cut off its supply.
Redbox now has to buy Universal movies at retail stores, the cost of which could significantly cut into its profit (each disc only makes around $25 in rentals, according to estimates.)
Not all studios are downers on cheap rentals. Earlier this month, Sony agreed to sell cheaper discs to Redbox. The contract also stated that Redbox was to destroy the discs after renting them instead of selling them as previewed for $7 each.
The companies acknowledge their decisions will ultimately have an effect on the consumer, but without $15 per DVD, there is no movie industry.
My recommendation to Hollywood: When you make a movie worth $15, we'll pay $15 for it. In the meantime, you are lucky that people are paying $1 a night for some of the Rotten Tomatoes you're putting out there.
This story, "Hollywood hates Redbox's $1 DVD rentals" was originally published by PCWorld .
Peyton Manning, The Sheriff, is back in the Super Bowl saddle. Good for him; we've written many paeans to Manning over the years, for the simple reason that he's the greatest statistical quarterback of all time. But let's face it: 2015 was also far — faaaaaar — from Manning's best season, and in the context of a Super Bowl appearance, Manning's standard of play pales even in comparison to “game managers” like Trent Dilfer. In a lot of ways, Peyton's 2015 was worst regular-season performance ever by a QB who would eventually start the Super Bowl.
During the regular season, Denver had the NFL's eighth-worst passing offense according to Football Outsiders' defense-adjusted value over average, with a mark one full standard deviation worse than average. That's really bad by Super Bowl standards: If we index the Broncos' DVOA relative to the league, the only post-merger Super Bowl team to throw the ball less effectively were the Vince Ferragamo-led 1979 Los Angeles Rams.
Now, Manning was injured during the regular season and missed six games, so you might think others share in the blame over the Broncos' lousy aerial attack. But you can't pin this on Brock Osweiler — he was mediocre in Manning's stead, not outright horrible. Manning, on the other hand, was the league's worst QB (on a per-drop-back basis) according to adjusted net yards per attempt (ANY/A), and its second-worst according to DVOA. He ranked among the bottom 15 percent of NFL passers in not just conventional categories such as touchdown and interception rate, but also fancier numbers like the percentage of his throws that were on-target. Plain and simple, he stank.
Let's compare Manning's overall season to those of other Super Bowl starting QBs over the years. If we judge by ANY/A compared to the league average from the season in question, Manning's 2015 ranks second-worst, again ahead of only Ferragamo's catastrophic 1979 numbers. And Ferragamo's damage was at least limited: He started only five of the Rams' 16 games, and played in an age when teams passed less, so a poor QB wasn't as harmful to his team's chances as today. (Not that it mattered for Ferragamo; his Rams lost the Super Bowl to the Steelers 31-19.)
Manning, by contrast, plays in a pass-crazed era and threw the ball about as often per game as his peers, despite his horrible passing efficiency rates. The result, according to Football Perspective founder Chase Stuart's method of judging QB value versus league average (which considers both passing and rushing value) was by far the worst regular season by a Super Bowl starter since the merger.
With a few notable exceptions, one being Brother Eli on the 2007 Giants, even the dumpier quarterbacks who get to the Super Bowl tend to play at about a league-average level. But Manning has blazed a new trail for ineffective passers with eyes on the Super Bowl, so long as they play in front of a superlative defense and cobble together a few decent playoff starts. There's a reason the 2015 Broncos' most similar team was the 2009 New York Jets.
Funny thing, however: Manning playing poorly doesn't seem to matter very much for Denver's chances of winning the game. Based on regular-season value over average, Cam Newton and the Panthers have a huge advantage in the passing game over the Broncos — the sixth-biggest in any Super Bowl since the merger, in fact — but that hasn't mattered much in past Super Bowls. Whether you look at total or per-attempt measures of value, there's essentially zero correlation between the disparity in regular-season QB performance for the Super Bowl opponents and the eventual point margin of the game itself. This makes sense, as the equilibrium of a successful team will account for poor play from any given position (even QB) if the rest of the team is strong enough. And given the importance of quarterbacks to modern NFL play, the Broncos' compensation for Manning's play is just about the most impressive thing we've seen out of a unit leading up to a Super Bowl.
The Toronto ridings of Trinity-Spadina and Scarborough-Agincourt have each chosen Liberal candidates to represent them in Ottawain byelections held Monday.
Former Toronto city councillor and Liberal party darling Adam Vaughan took the closely-watched downtown Trinity-Spadina riding, while former lawyer Arnold Chan won in Scarborough-Agincourt.
Vaughan stepped down from his job as a Toronto councillor in order to take a run at a federal seat. The former journalist won the Liberal nomination in the riding last month. His election in Trinity-Spadina is a significant victory for the Liberals, as the NDP's Olivia Chow had held the riding since 2006.
"The residents of Trinity Spadina have given me an extraordinary honour and I'm profoundly grateful," said Vaughan to a crowd of lively supporters gathered at the Steamwhistle brewery for a post-election party and speech.
Vaughan also reached out to who he called "new Liberals."
"You don't win elections, you don't build parties and you don't change governments without bringing new people into the conversation," he said to cheers.
Within 90 minutes of the polls closing, Joe Cressy, the New Democrat candidate in Trinity-Spadina, tweeted that he had phoned to congratulate Vaughan on his victory.
"I honestly thought we had it. Adam is a formidable challenger. He's served in this community for a while. Residents decided he had earned it and I had more to prove," Cressy told the crowd of supporters gathered at his post-election party.
Vaughan bested Cressy by some 20 percentage points.
Preview of 2015?
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair spoke at Cressy's event, telling the crowd that the ridings the Liberals won Monday will "change in the next campaign."
"The work that you've done now is in the bank for the next time around," he said.
The results could be a portent of things to come in 2015. Trinity-Spadina has always been something of a bellwether: when the Liberals have won the riding in the past, they've won power nationally; when the NDP has won the riding, the Conservatives have taken power.
In a clear indication of the riding's national political importance, Vaughan was joined by Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau during his victory speech Monday night.
"The results of these byelections have proven that our message is reaching and engaging Canadians," Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau said.
The vacancy in Trinity-Spadina was created when Chow stepped down as the MP for the riding, so that she could pursue a mayoral bid in Toronto. The riding saw multiple visits from both NDP Leader Tom Mulcair and Trudeau during the byelection campaign.
Liberals hold Scarborough
Chan, who managed to increase the Liberal's share of the vote in Scarborough-Agincourt to about 60 per cent, is a lawyer and former political aide at the Ontario legislature. His win means that the riding, which was represented for 25 years by Liberal Jim Karygiannis, will remain in the party's hands.
The Conservatives, who saw the potential for an upset in the riding when Karygiannis stepped aside, tried to appeal to the conservative values of the ethnically diverse suburban population with attacks on Trudeau's support for legalization of marijuana.
Chan called his victory a repudiation of the Conservative party's "negative attacks" on Trudeau, accusing it of trying to suppress votes by scheduling the byelections for the day before Canada Day, when many voters were taking an extended weekend.
Thanking his supporters and his fellow candidates on Monday night, Chan said that he believed the decisive victory was powered by the hard work of his team.
The 49-year-old Scarborough-Agincourt MP posted on his website Wednesday that he intends to maintain a modified work schedule while undergoing cancer treatment and is confident he can beat the disease. (Chantal Da Silva-CBC/Radio Canada)
Early estimates of voter turnout were low, with about 29 per cent of eligible voters casting a ballot, but the riding saw the highest turnout of the four up for grabs in Monday's byelections.
Karygiannis announced in the spring that he, too, was stepping down to pursue an opportunity at the municipal level. He's since registered to run for city council this fall in Ward 39, which is also known as Scarborough-Agincourt.
June has been a busy month for voters living in these two Toronto ridings. In addition to Monday's byelections, residents also voted in the provincial election less than three weeks ago.
The twin byelections in Toronto were just two of four taking place on the day before Canada Day. The other two were in Alberta, in the ridings of Fort McMurray-Athabasca and Macleod.
In those byelections, Conservative candidates John Barlow and David Yurdiga won in Macleod and Fort McMurray-Athabasca, as was expected.
The wash-up period is the last few days while a Parliament of the United Kingdom continues to sit after the Prime Minister has announced the date when Parliament will be dissolved so a general election can be held but before Parliament has been formally adjourned, prorogued or dissolved.
Purpose [ edit ]
During the wash-up period, the government attempts to pass unfinished business which has sufficient all-party support. This may mean compromising some aspects of business to ensure that they can be completed, and effectively gives the Opposition and sufficiently large groups of backbenchers a veto on controversial or unpopular measures. Discussions about which items will progress during wash-up take place between the "usual channels" – the whips and other officials of the government and opposition parties.
Traditionally, Parliamentary bills could not be carried forward from one session of Parliament to another. Although Parliament's standing orders have allowed public bills to be carried forward to the next session of the same parliament since 2004 (and on an ad-hoc basis since 1999), bills still cannot be carried forward to the new parliament formed after a general election. If a bill does not receive Royal Assent before Parliament rises, it will be lost, although a new bill could be reintroduced after the general election.
If necessary, an Appropriation Bill or short Finance Bill may be introduced and pass all of its legislative stages in both Houses of Parliament during the wash-up period. In rare cases, there may also be time for private member's bills that have almost completed the legislative process to be passed.
Protocol [ edit ]
A wash-up period is not mandatory: the Prime Minister may seek permission from the Sovereign in order to dissolve Parliament immediately, in which case all outstanding Parliamentary business will be lost. The last time an election was called with no wash-up period was 1924, when Parliament was dissolved immediately on 9 October and the general election held 20 days later. In 2001, Parliament was dissolved six days after the dissolution was proclaimed, after Parliament had been adjourned without being prorogued. In 1997, Parliament was prorogued four days after the date of the election was announced, but Parliament was not dissolved until another 18 days later.
This article is about the joint CIA/SIS operation. For the Australian Defence Force unit, see Joint Task Force Gold
Soviet officer inside the tunnel
Operation Gold (also known as Operation Stopwatch by the British) was a joint operation conducted by the American Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the British MI6 Secret Intelligence Service (SIS) in the 1950s to tap into landline communication of the Soviet Army headquarters in Berlin using a tunnel into the Soviet-occupied zone. This was a much more complex variation of the earlier Operation Silver project in Vienna. Soviet authorities were informed about Operation Gold from the very beginning by their mole George Blake and "discovered" the tunnel in 1956.
Details of the project are still classified—especially by the British—and whatever authoritative information can be found is scant. This is primarily because the then-Director of Central Intelligence (DCI), Allen Dulles ordered "as little as possible" be "reduced to writing" when the project was authorized.
Background [ edit ]
After the Red Army followed the Soviet diplomatic department, and transferred its most secure communications from radio to telephone landline, the post-World War II Western Allies lost a major Cold War source of information. Operation Gold was hence at least the third tunnel built to aid intelligence in the Cold War period post the end of World War II. From 1948 onwards under Operation Silver, British SIS had undertaken a number of such operations in then still occupied Vienna, the information from which enabled the restoration of Austrian sovereignty in 1955.[citation needed] The KGB later commissioned the Red Army to construct a tunnel to tap into a cable that served the major US Army garrison for Berlin.
Operational agreement [ edit ]
In early 1951, the CIA undertook an assessment process for replacing lost Soviet radio communications intelligence. Revealing their plans to the British, the SIS, having read the report which included the idea of tapping Soviet telephone lines, revealed the existence of Operation Silver in Vienna.[1]
On the reassignment of CIA agent Bill Harvey to Berlin to explore available options, Reinhard Gehlen, the head of the Bundesnachrichtendienst, alerted the CIA to the location of a crucial telephone junction, less than 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) underground, where three cables came together close to the border of the American sector of West Berlin.[1] Operation Gold was planned jointly by the SIS and the CIA. Initial planning meetings were held at No. 2 Carlton Gardens, London, from which the West German government were excluded, due to the "highly infiltrated nature" of their service. The resulting agreement was that the US would supply most of the financing and construct the tunnel (as the closest access point was in their sector), whilst the British would use their expertise from Operation Silver to tap the cables and provide the required electronic communications equipment.
One of those who attended the early meetings was George Blake, a mole in the British intelligence apparatus. Blake apparently alerted the KGB immediately, as two of Gehlen's agents were caught trying to get a potential tapping wire across a Berlin canal. The KGB decided to let Operation Gold proceed since, in order to attack the tunnel, the Soviets would have to compromise Blake and they found it preferable to sacrifice some information rather than their valuable agent. The KGB did not inform anyone in Germany, including the East Germans or the Soviet users of the cables, about the taps.
Construction [ edit ]
In December 1953 the operation was placed under the direction of William King Harvey, a former U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) official who transferred to the CIA. Captain Williamson of the United States Army Corps of Engineers was placed in charge of construction.
The first project was the construction of a "warehouse", which acted as a disguise for a US Army ELINT station. The warehouse, in the Neukölln/Rudow district of the US sector of Berlin, had an unconventionally deep basement at 7 metres (23 ft) to serve as the staging area for the tunnel.[2] Digging the initial vertical shaft for the tunnel began on 2 September 1954[3] and was completed on 25 February the following year.
The covert construction of the 450 metres (1,480 ft) tunnel under the world's most heavily patrolled border to intersect a series of cable less than 47 centimetres (19 in) below a busy street was an exceptional engineering challenge. Using a shield method of construction, which pushed forward on hydraulic rams, the resultant space was lined with sand and 1,700 cast-iron lining plates. A wooden railway track acted as a guide for the rubber-wheeled construction vehicles, which by end of construction had removed 3,000 tonnes (3,000 long tons; 3,300 short tons) of material. This included a number of evacuations, including when the diggers broke through into an undocumented pre-World War II cesspool and flooded the tunnel. Throughout all stages of construction and in operational use, the entire tunnel was rigged with explosives, designed to ensure its complete destruction. Once complete, the tunnel ran into the Treptow/Altglienicke, where British Army Captain Peter Lunn—a former alpine skier, who was actually the head of the SIS in Berlin—personally undertook the tapping of the three cables. The British also installed most of the electronic handling equipment in the tunnel, which was manufactured and badged as British made.
The final cost of the completed tunnel was over US$6.5M, or equivalent to the final procurement cost of two Lockheed U-2 spy planes.
Operations [ edit ]
The British and the Americans listened and recorded messages flowing to and from Soviet military headquarters in Zossen, near Berlin: conversations between Moscow and the Soviet embassy in East Berlin and conversations between East German and Soviet officials.
The West was unable to break Soviet encryption at this time. Instead they took advantage of valuable intelligence gained "from unguarded telephone conversations over official channels." "Sixty-seven thousand hours of Russian and German conversations, were sent to London for transcription by a special section staffed by 317 Russian emigres and German linguists. Teleprinter signals, many of them multiplexed, were also collected on magnetic tape and forwarded to Frank Rowlett's Staff D for processing."[4]
To protect Blake, the KGB was forced to keep the flow of information as normal as possible with the result that the tunnel was a bonanza of intelligence collection for the US and Britain in a world that had yet to witness the U-2 or satellite imagery. For an overview of the types of intelligence collected by the tunnel taps, see Appendix B in CIA's declassified (in 1977 and further in 2007) history of the Berlin Tunnel [Clandestine Services History Paper (CSHP), number 150, published internally in CIA in 1968]. Also, the book Battleground Berlin reprises in Appendix 5 (1997) the summary of the collection originally compiled in CSHP 150.
According to Budiansky, "The KGB's own high-level communications went on a separate system of overhead lines that could not be tapped without its being obvious, and, concerned above all with protecting Blake as a valuable source inside SIS and unwilling to share its secrets with rival agencies, the KGB had simply left both the GRU and the Stasi in the dark about the tunnel's existence."[4]
Discovery by the Soviets [ edit ]
The tapped telephone wires are presented to the press.
When Blake received a transfer in 1955, the Soviets were free to "discover" the tunnel. On 21 April 1956, eleven months after the tunnel went into operation, Soviet and East German soldiers broke into the eastern end of the tunnel, announcing it to the press as a "breach of the norms of international law" and "a gangster act". Newspapers around the world ran photographs of the underground partition of the tunnel directly under the inter-German frontier. The wall had a sign in German and Russian reading "Entry is Forbidden by the Commanding General."[5]
In the planning phase, the CIA and SIS had estimated that the Soviets would cover up any discovery of the tunnel, through embarrassment and any potential repercussions. However, most world media portrayed the tunnel project as a brilliant piece of engineering. The CIA may have gained more than did the Soviets from the "discovery" of the tunnel.[6] In part, this was because the tunnel was discovered during Soviet First Secretary Nikita Khrushchev's state visit to the United Kingdom, and specifically the day before a state banquet with HM Queen Elizabeth II at Windsor Castle. It is suspected that the Soviets and the British agreed to mute media coverage of British participation in the project even though the equipment shown in most photographs was British-built and clearly labelled as such.[7]
Only in 1961, when Blake was arrested, tried and convicted, did Western officials realize that the tunnel had been compromised long before construction had begun. Although DCI Allen Dulles has publicly celebrated the success of Operation Gold in providing order of battle and other information about Soviet and East Bloc activities behind the Iron Curtain, a declassified NSA history implied that NSA may have thought less of the value of the tunnel collection than did the CIA.[8]:22-24
In 1996 the Berlin city government contracted a local construction company to excavate from the former American Berlin sector the tunnel approximately, 83 meters, to make way for a new housing development. In 1997 a 12 meter section was excavated under the guidance of William Durie from what had been the Soviet Berlin sector. This section of tunnel is displayed at the Allied Museum. The museum's claim that this section was retrieved from the American sector is false.[9] The CIA museum received outer tunnel shell elements in 1999 and the International Museum in Washington in 2001.
In later fiction [ edit ]
Operation Gold forms the background to the novels The Innocent by Ian McEwan, Voices Under Berlin: The Tale of a Monterey Mary by T.H.E. Hill and to the film The Innocent by John Schlesinger.
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
a b Battleground Berlin, p. 208 ^ Encyclopedia of Espionage, Intelligence, and Security, retrieved 29 August 2009 Caryn E. Neumann, Berlin Tunnel , retrieved 29 August 2009 ^ Battleground Berlin, p.220 a b Budiansky, Stephen (2016). Code Warriors. New York: Alfred A. Knopf. pp. 194–199. ISBN 9780385352666. ^ Spies Beneath Berlin, p.112 ^ Martin, David C. (1980). Wilderness of Mirrors. Harper & Row. pp. 87–88. ^ Spies Beneath Berlin, p.12 ^ Operation REGAL: The Berlin Tunnel (NSA historical monograph) . National Security Agency (NSA). 1988. ^ The United States Garrison Berlin, 1945–1994, Mission Accomplished, Aug 2014 ISBN William Durie,, Mission Accomplished, Aug 2014 978-1-63068-540-9 (English).
Coordinates:
The story is both familiar and damning. F1 is boring, the cars are too quiet and incapable of overtaking and as a consequence, fans are turning away from the sport in droves.
Add to that the fact that access is becoming more expensive, both trackside and at home and on television, and the conclusion is far from happy ever after. Formula 1 is sick and it may well be terminal.
While it makes for a dramatic yarn and easy copy, it's not exactly true.
Formula 1 is still a growing sport with a healthy global fanbase, but we're not using the tools at our disposal to find out who's watching and which markets they're tuning in from. As a result, underestimates of F1's audience share could be off by 20 percent or more.
As recently as five years ago, there was little to no reason for F1's stakeholders - TV broadcasters, sponsors, and the sport's leaders - to pay attention to the grey area that is a sport's illegal fanbase.
While the technology to stream and watch live programming existed and was used actively by everyone under 30, Formula 1 was still available on free-to-air television in its biggest markets, and the need to seek out alternative forms of access was hardly pressing.
A scant five years later, and a healthy percentage of those under 70 now know how to stream online media through official channels, VPN access to foreign media can exist in the form of an always-on background app downloaded for free, and the price of following F1 through traditional means has skyrocketed.
As FTA has lost F1 market share, audiences have been shrinking to new lows, as far as the official statistics have it.
During the Italian Grand Prix weekend in 2014, following a press conference in which F1's declining viewing figures and new methods of access were key topics of discussion, I asked Pirelli's Paul Hembery whether his company - in its role as F1 sponsor, not F1 supplier - had started to collect any data on the sport's online audience through the tracking of torrents and streaming sites.
"We don't," Hembery said. "We still look at classical evaluation of television distribution."
This week, after 18 more months of hand-wringing op-eds about the state of Formula 1 (some of which I must take responsibility for writing), I repeated the question. According to Hembery, Pirelli's methodology hasn't changed since I last asked.
Social media change
What has changed is the way in which teams are now celebrating their victories on social media, adding to press releases data on the number of followers they can boast on Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, and so on.
But despite this PR push towards greater team access through online channels, there has been no follow-through in determining just how many of these fans prefer to consume their F1 online.
Last year's GPDA Global Fan Survey did ask fans about how they preferred to access the sport, and the results were interesting - if obvious to anyone who now consumes the majority of their televisual media online.
Around 45 percent of those surveyed watch races online
Around 30 percent of those surveyed used on-demand services to watch races
More than 50 percent of those surveyed have stopped watching live races since the subscription access model was introduced
While the GPDA survey didn't drill down further, determining whether online and on-demand access was via official channels or otherwise, self-reporting of illegal behaviour is rarely accurate.
But what can be measured - in season, at least - is the number of seeders and leechers using (say) the world's five biggest torrenting sites to access race weekend coverage in the 24 hour period starting when the lights go out.
Measuring online access figures on the grey and black market is an inexact science, but so too is the measuring of TV figures, which work on estimates made using averages to determine exactly how many eyeballs are in the room at one time.
If estimated TV audience figures are good enough for the sport's stakeholders to trust, why are we missing out on a potentially much bigger online audience?
An opportunity for F1
Bernie Ecclestone may not understand the online market, but he does understand monetisation.
If Formula One Management were to be proactive in establishing roughly how many fans are enjoying his product without paying for the right to do so, the F1 boss could claw back some of that lost income through increasing the costs of sponsoring the sport.
After all, if television tells us that F1 was seen by 425 million eyeballs in 2014 (down from 600 million in 2008), yet online research brings that audience back up to the 500 million-plus mark, (almost) everyone benefits.
CVC can redraft their evaluations of the value of the sport, sponsors can better justify their outlay to questioning boards, and FOM can rake in more money.
Tacitly accepting that we have a significant illegal fanbase is not the same as condoning it. But if we can't beat them, can we at least start using them to demonstrate the true health of Formula 1 around the world?
Just because we're not counting doesn't mean they're not watching.
Fresh off a loss in a battle with Bell Canada Inc. over the throttling of internet connections, small service providers have won a victory that will enable them to offer the same speeds as big phone companies.
The Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission on Thursday issued a decision ordering Canada's big phone companies, including Bell, Telus Corp., MTS Allstream Inc., SaskTel and Bell Aliant, to offer the same internet speeds to smaller wholesale customers as they themselves sell on a retail basis.
Under existing CRTC regulations, the big phone companies are required to rent out their networks to smaller service providers, who then sell internet access to their own customers. The rules boost the number of competitors selling internet access to the public, and thus keep prices down and service levels up. The regulations, however, have only applied to older infrastructure based in phone companies' centralized office buildings.
Recently, phone companies have been pushing their networks out of those buildings by putting new equipment into streetside cabinets in an effort to boost their customers' internet speeds. Smaller internet service providers haven't had regulated access to those cabinets, however, which means they have been limited to selling slower speeds than those offered by the big phone companies.
In Quebec, for example, Bell has been selling internet connections with download speeds around 16 megabits per second while small ISPs have topped out at less than half that.
Phone company arguments rejected
In its decision, the CRTC rejected arguments by the phone companies that speed parity would discourage them from investing in new infrastructure, and moved to fix the competitive discrepancy.
"Service speed is an important competitive attribute, with rates differing significantly by speed and speed often being a major differentiation point from a marketing standpoint," the CRTC ruled.
"The commission considers that absent a matching service speed requirement, the ability of competitors that rely on the mandated [access] to compete in the retail market would be significantly restricted, which would likely result in a substantial lessening or prevention of competition in the retail high-speed internet services market."
The decision came in response to a CRTC filing by Cybersurf Corp, an independent ISP based in Calgary, in June. Cybersurf had asked the regulator to force the phone companies to automatically offer matching speeds to small ISPs, a request the CRTC half-granted.
The phone companies will only be required to offer faster speeds to wholesale ISPs when they sell them on a retail basis in a given area. Smaller ISPs will therefore have to request the faster connections from the phone companies.
Hearings scheduled for this summer
Bell, Telus and the others have 45 days to file with the CRTC the proposed rates they intend to charge the small ISPs for faster services. The rates will have to represent the actual cost of the service, plus "a reasonable mark-up," the regulator said.
Small ISPs suffered a setback last month when the CRTC ruled against them and in favour of Bell in a dispute over the connections the company rents them. Earlier this year, Bell began slowing down certain internet uses of its retail and wholesale customers, which prompted a battle in front of the CRTC. Bell said it needed to "throttle" internet subscribers who were using peer-to-peer software such as BitTorrent because they were causing congestion on its network.
The small ISPs said Bell was breaking the Telecommunications Act by interfering with the service it was selling them, but the CRTC last month rejected the argument and allowed the company to continue its throttling practices.
As part of that ruling, however, the CRTC launched a larger inquiry into how much control large network owners such as Bell, Telus, Rogers Communications Inc. and Shaw Communications Inc., should have over the internet connections they sell to customers.
The inquiry is open to public submissions until February, followed by hearings this summer.
Image caption Hundreds of different weapons are kept in store at NABIS in Birmingham to be used to provide matches to crime scenes Image caption Many of the weapons - like this Saint-Etienne army revolver - were brought to the NABIS centre rather than destroyed after successful prosecutions in the courts Image caption NABIS said guns like this Russian made Baikal pistol were built to fire CS gas canisters and easily adapted to fire live 9mm ammunition Image caption This Derringer style pistol was seized during the course of a police investigation previous slide next slide
Antiques and obsolete guns are being adapted and used by criminals facing a shortage of weapons, according to police.
A decade ago, Britain's cities were experiencing a surge in gun crime but, following successful interventions by crime agencies and the government, the number of firearms offences annually is now half what it was in 2003, according to the Office for National Statistics.
One reason is the supply of weapons has been severely restricted, forcing criminals to seek out other means of sourcing guns.
The National Ballistics Intelligence Service (NABIS), established in 2008, helps police forces solve crimes in which guns have been used, identify individuals who import and supply them illegally, and track down people who are illegally converting or adapting them.
Go-to gun
On the firing range at its base in a Birmingham suburb, ballistics expert Greg Taylor shoots several rounds from a Russian-made Baikal pistol.
Built to fire CS gas canisters, they were easily adapted to fire live 9mm ammunition.
There was a period, a few years ago, where this was the go-to gun of choice for criminal gangs in the UK, but as a result of international co-operation between British and Russian authorities and those in the Baltic states, the supply has dried up.
You can buy a weapon because it's of obsolete calibre, there's no license required and criminals are converting ammunition to fit Greg Taylor, Ballistics expert, NABIS
But other weapons have taken its place.
In the laboratory next door cupboards are filled with evidence from active firearms investigations by the 28 police forces in England and Wales which NABIS serves.
On the desks are microscopes used by the ballistics experts to match bullets to weapons and in the armoury is a collection of hundreds of different weapons, kept in store in order to be used to provide matches to crime scenes.
Many were brought here rather than destroyed after successful prosecutions in the courts.
One is the Hungarian Feg pistol which was used during an incident where West Midlands Police officers were attacked during the riots in 2011.
They came under fire from gang members outside the Barton Arms pub in Aston.
As a result, 10 people were jailed, including Beniha Laing and Wesley Gray, who were sentenced to 35 and 29 years respectively.
'No licence required'
Another weapon seized after that attack was a French-made Saint-Etienne army revolver, used by the French Army in the 1870s.
Like many weapons of that era, spanning from the American Civil War until WWI, they can be legally imported as antiques.
Though they were built to fire ammunition that is now obsolete, they can be adapted to fire modern bullets.
Image caption Greg Taylor on the shooting range at the NABIS
"You can buy a weapon like that because it's of obsolete calibre, there's no licence required, and criminals are converting or modifying ammunition to fit," said Mr Taylor.
As we are discussing the problem, a new addition to the collection is brought in - a single shot Derringer-style pistol, which might have been carried by ladies in the late 19th Century for personal protection.
It is thought that a number of burglaries at antiques weapons collectors' homes across the country may have been ordered by gangs who are desperate to source new guns and rifles.
'Not free and easy'
There are stringent penalties for possessing a firearm, including imprisonment.
However, NABIS say there are now "armourers", who illegally provide guns for hire to gangs because of the shortage of supply.
In some cases, the same gun might have been used a number of times by different gangs in different cities.
"In the UK, getting your hands on a weapon is probably not as free and easy as it is in some countries," said Det Supt Iain O'Brien.
"So you have a situation where weapons can be used by different sides of a dispute."
The next potential threat in this country is the introduction of a gun which can be made using a 3D printer. It would not need to be imported.
When the ballistics expert tested one on the range, using a remote firing device and behind the safety of a bulletproof screen, it blew up.
It would probably have caused more damage to the person firing it than the one being fired at.
However, as crude as early versions are, they could become more sophisticated.
- YEAH, I GOT THE STUFF.
AND I GOT THE MONEY.
- HEY, YOU'RE GOOD, ERIC.I NEED PEOPLE LIKE YOU.
- GOOD, 'CAUSE I ATEA BUNCH OF CHICKEN
ON THE WAY OVER HERE.[burps]
- THAT'S ALL RIGHT, ERIC.
I'VE GOT SOMETHING BIGIN THE WORKS.
WHAT IF I TOLD YOUTHAT I NOW HAVE A DIRECT LINE
TO GET ALL THE KFCWE WANT HERE?
I'M SENDING TOMMY TO KENTUCKY
TO TRY AND SET UPA LITTLE ARRANGEMENT
WITH THE COLONEL HIMSELF.
- WAIT A MINUTE.YOU MEAN THE COLONEL?
- THAT'S RIGHT.
AND I'D LIKE YOUTO GO AS WELL
AND WATCH TOMMY'S BACKFOR ME.
IS THAT SOMETHINGYOU'D WANT TO DO?
- IS THAT SOMETHINGI'D WANT TO DO?
IS THE POPE CATHOLIC...
AND MAKING THE WORLD SAFEFOR PEDOPHILES?
- EXCELLENT.
- DOCTOR, MR. KLINE'STEST RESULTS CAME IN.
- WHAT THE HELLIS GOING ON?
- DOCTOR?
- THIS IS THE TENTH CASEI'VE SEEN THIS WEEK.
IT CAN'T BE A COINCIDENCE.
SOMETHING IN THIS TOWN
IS GIVING MENTESTICULAR CANCER.
[whimsical music]
♪
- HEH! MAN, I AMSTONED OFF MY ASS!
- I'M STONED OFF MY BALLS!
- [laughing]
- ANYBODY GOT MOREOF THAT LOOMPA LOOMPA WEED?
- WOW. THOSE GUYSHAVE NICE BALLS.
- WISH MY MAN HAD BALLSLIKE THOSE.
- MMM!
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
New laws banning surrogacy in Thailand have come into effect this week, ending access previously available to gay couples.
The country's Public Health Minister has announced that gay couples are now banned from using surrogacy services in Thailand.
“Homosexuals are no longer allowed to access the service because Thailand has not yet legalised same-sex marriage”, Rajata Rajatanavin told The Nation newspaper.
Under the new law – set to go into effect this week – a couple wanting to use a surrogate in Thailand must be “a man and a woman”, who have been legally married for at least three years with one or both holding Thai nationality, the Daily Mail reports.
Thai Public Health Ministry deputy Amnuay Gajeena said there were still 45 clinics offering the service to same-sex couples, but warned authorities will be shutting them down and making several arrests if they continue to do so.
Anyone who breaks the new law may be punished with up to 10 years in jail or a fine of up to 200,000 baht (£3650).
The selling of sperm, ovum and embryos are also banned, Mr Amnuay said.
The news comes after a US couple recently shared their plight at being refused consent to leave Thailand with their baby after their surrogate mother realised they were gay.
The surrogate handed over the baby girl to Gordon and Manuel Lake earlier this year – but ten days later, she refused to sign the documentation needed to allow the couple to obtain a passport for the infant.
The couple claim she is refusing to let them leave because she was unaware they were gay at the time of the birth and wants the baby to be brought up by an “ordinary couple”.
In May, a gay couple in the UK won a battle to have a baby girl conceived through surrogacy returned to them – after the mother claimed she did not know the men were gay before she gave birth.
IRVING (105.3 THE FAN) — To fully understand quarterback Tony Romo's new contract with the Dallas Cowboys, you must understand that it's actually four different contracts.
On Friday afternoon, Romo's agent fed to the media the blockbuster number: Six years and $108 million. That was the first number released into the ether. So it is destined to stick.
Minutes later, I spoke to Cowboys vice president Stephen Jones, the club's point man for the negotiations. It occurred to me that the initial reports seemed vague in regard to whether the “six years'' represented the entire stem-to-stern term of the agreement.
“It's one plus six,'' Jones told me.
Meaning … the one remaining year plus six additional years. Stem-to-stern: Seven years and $119 million.
Mixed into this is the $55 million guaranteed, which includes a $25 million signing bonus.
And then there is the fourth, most important, most “real'' number: Four years and $65 million.
So which is it?
In a sense, depending on how you examine it, Tony Romo's contract is actually four different contracts.
Contract 1: CAA wants the world to know it's six years and $108 million. Why? The “108'' number is a headline-getter … and those numbers, divided up, create the impression that CAA won its client a deal worth $18 million a year.
Contract 2: Jones tells me the full deal is seven years and $119 million. What's the difference? Those numbers, divided up, reduce the annual worth to $17 million.
Contract 3: What matters most to the client? Guaranteed money, of course. This is CAA's real win: The $55 million guaranteed is a notch behind Tom Brady's record $57 million guarantee, a notch ahead of Joe Flacco's $52 million guarantee and a perfect match with Drew Brees' $55 million guarantee. (Soon to join this crowd: Aaron Rodgers, Matt Ryan and probably Matthew Stafford, with their representatives interested in headline-grabbing “100-million'' stuff but with $50-million-plus guarantees the true test of the negotiations.)
Again, Romo's “win'' in these negotiations is the guaranteed money.
Contract 4: The team's win: This is, as a practical matter, really a four-year contract worth $65 million. Divide that up and it's $16 million a year. … and suddenly, the Romo price tag doesn't seem quite so exorbitant at all.
How can this be only a four-year deal? The structure of the contract allows for that flexibility. There is money that can be moved around starting in 2014. (That includes ways to create cap room for the club.) There is the usual manner of escaping a contract gone bad, which includes renegotiating down as Romo gets older and theoretically less effective. There is $40 million worth of “base salary'' listed in the deal (for the 2018 and 2019 seasons) that Romo may never see: he'll turn 38 after the 2017 season; there is no expectation from either side that Tony Romo will be the Dallas Cowboys' starting quarterback at age 38.
The pressure is on Romo because the unwashed masses are going to stick with the $108 million number … it's the most noted and it's the most bloated. But the smart money says Romo will never see that money.
And due to the nature of his job as the centerpiece of a Dallas Cowboys franchise that habitually talks “Super Bowl,'' the four-years and $65 million – the most important of Tony Romo's “four contracts'' — represents pressure enough.
Also Check Out:
MOST VIEWED GALLERIES
Lee Chin, James Barry and Conor Lehane have all been named in the squad.
THE IRELAND SENIOR and U21 panels for the 2017 hurling/shinty clashes have been announced today.
The Ireland U21 side will take on Scotland at 11.50am on Saturday at Bught Park in Inverness, followed at 2pm by the meeting of the two senior teams (both games live on TG4).
The senior panel shows 20 players drawn from 12 different counties, including Tipperary duo James Barry and John McGrath, Wexford's Lee Chin and Cork's Conor Lehane.
Westmeath's Tommy Doyle will captain the team, but no players from All-Ireland finalists Galway or Waterford have been included.
There are also some notable names in the U21 panel, including Waterford senior stars Shane Bennett and Patrick Curran, and will be captained by Limerick's Sean Finn.
The senior team is managed by Tipperary All-Ireland minor winning manager Willie Maher and Kilkenny's Conor Phelan this year, while Willie Cleary and Gavin Keary will take charge of the U21s.
James Barry. Source: Piaras Ó Mídheach/SPORTSFILE
Hurling/Shinty International Tour 2017 Senior Panel
1. Enda Rowland (Laois)
2. James Barry (Tipperary)
3. Chris Bonus (Kildare)
4. Lee Chin (Wexford)
5. Paul Coady (Carlow)
6. Ben Conroy (Laois)
7. Alan Cox (Westmeath)
8. James Doyle (Carlow)
9. Tommy Doyle (Westmeath) – captain
10. Alan Grant (Derry)
11. Damien Healy (Meath)
12. Ross King (Laois)
13. Conor Lehane (Cork)
14. John McGrath (Tipperary)
15. John McManus (Down)
16. Mark Moloney (Kildare)
17. Andy O'Brien (Wicklow)
18. James O'Connor (Kerry)
19. David Reidy (Kildare)
20. Denis Stapleton (Kildare)
Sean Finn. Source: Piaras Ó Mídheach/SPORTSFILE
Hurling/Shinty International Tour 2017 U21 Panel
1. Stephen Murphy (Kerry)
2. Shane Bennett (Waterford)
3. Darragh Cartin (Derry)
4. Shane Conway (Kerry)
5. Patrick Curran (Waterford)
6. Killian Doyle (Westmeath)
7. Cathal Dunbar (Wexford)
8. Aaron Dunphy (Laois)
9. Sean Finn (Limerick) – captain
10. Kevin McDonald (Carlow)
11. Christy Moorehouse (Wicklow)
12. Ryan Mullaney (Laois)
13. Chris Nolan (Carlow)
14. Tomás O'Connor (Kerry)
15. Eoin O'Hehir (Kildare)
16. Conor Shaw (Westmeath)
17. Jack Sheridan (Kildare)
18. Ger Walsh (Antrim)
19. Sean Whelan (Carlow)
Subscribe to The42 podcasts here:
New Delhi: The political feuding over the CBI raid on Rajendra Kumar , principal secretary to chief minister Arvind Kejriwal , became fiercer on Wednesday with Congress leaping into the fray and demanding - along with the Aam Aadmi Party - the resignation of finance minister Arun Jaitley for alleged irregularities at the Delhi and Districts Cricket Association ( DDCA ).Kejriwal had alleged on Tuesday that the CBI had raided his office to subvert an investigation into a "DDCA scam". Though the CBI denied entering Kejriwal's office, the CM reiterated his claims on Wednesday even as Congress aggressively targeted BJP and Jaitley, demanding he quit as finance minister to facilitate a fair probe.Delhi Congress chief Ajay Maken , with senior leaders Ghulam Nabi Azad and Mallikarjun Kharge by his side, said he was demanding Jaitley's resignation and a probe by a joint parliamentary committee on the basis of the report of a three-member committee set up by Kejriwal, a Registrar of Companies report last year and the findings of a two-member commission constituted by the Delhi High Court as well as a fact-finding panel of the DDCA.He said findings of a two-member commission set up by the Tees Hazari courts revealed lack of transparency at DDCA with its members illegally running private academies and minting money. The commission was, however, denied relevant documents relating to the DDCA brass during Jaitley's tenure as president from 1999 to 2013.Jaitley hit back at AAP and Congress, saying, "If they tell me what is the specific issue, I can answer it, but I can't answer vague allegations without any basis. Secondly, a state government and a party, which is in the dock for having supported corruption, and having interfered in an investigation in this manner, can't really deflect the issue without any basis."The day saw a keen tussle between Congress and Kejriwal to demand Jaitley's resignation. Soon after the Congress press meet got over where it demanded that the finance minister quit over malpractices in DDCA, Kejriwal announced that he would hold a press conference on Thursday to expose Jaitley's role and other aspects of the case. Trinamool Congress , too, joined, saying it was the first to ask for a JPC on DDCA on Wednesday morning. "Now, media says that Congress and AAP have demanded the same. We welcome that," the party said.The political element was evident with Maken accusing the AAP government of dragging its feet over DDCA as it did not act on a detailed report of a committee set up by Kejriwal that submitted its findings on November 17. He challenged the city government to demonstrate its intent by taking concrete steps against alleged corruption at the DDCA, saying to date no FIR had been registered and nor were the courts approached.Kejriwal claimed CBI's seizure report gave credence to his claim that the raid actually targeted him. "Documents seized from my office. No relation to allegations being probed. Item 7 -- file movement register of last one month. CBI kept reading DDCA file in my office. They would have seized it. But after my media briefing, they left it. Not clear if they took a copy," he tweeted. Claiming to have been on the verge of constituting an inquiry commission, he said the CBI was seeking a damning report on DDCA."Congress demands that pending the completion of inquiry through a JPC, Arun Jaitley step down, failing which the prime minister should sack him," Maken said. He added that four persons in DDCA, "known for their proximity" to Jaitley, were named as "officers in default" by the Registrar of Companies in August last year.Responding to Congress's allegation that reconstruction of Ferozeshah Kotla Stadium, carried out between 2002 and 2007, saw an escalation of cost by Rs 90 crore, BJP sources said the final budget of Rs 114 crore was much less than what was spent on refurbishing Shivaji Stadium and the JLN Stadium for the Commonwealth Games. Rs 900 crore was spent on JLN and Rs 600 crore on Shivaji Stadium. Despite massive expenditure, some stadia were still not ready for the Games.Later, deputy chief minister Manish Sisodia also focused on the alleged seizure memo. "What do the things that have been seized have anything to do with the cases that are under investigation? On Tuesday, the CM also questioned why the raids did not take place in offices of departments which are related to the cases under investigation. If the raid had nothing to do with the CM, why did CBI seize the November to December file movement register? If the raid had nothing to do with the CM, why were the 2015 diary and cabinet decisions taken away. Three files of the transport department that had come to the CM's office were seized. What do these have to do with the matter under investigation?" a furious Sisodia said.Delhi government had ordered a probe into DDCA's functioning after a group of veteran cricketers including Bishen Singh Bedi met Kejriwal.
Two decades after Europe's worst mass killing since World War II – which witnessed the slaughter of some 8,000 Muslim men and boys by Bosnian Serb forces from July 6-11, 1995, in Srebrenica – the town remains an open wound. Moreover, the lack of closure casts a dark shadow over Bosnia-Hercegovina, where many Serbs still dispute what happened.
Thousands have already begun a three-day march in Nezuk, a town in Bosnia-Herzegovina, to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the massacre and to pay tribute to the Srebrenica victims. Many have lined Sarajevo's main street as a huge truck bearing 136 coffins passed on its way to Srebrenica, where newly identified victims will be buried. As the truck covered with a huge Bosnian flag and with hundreds of flowers tucked into the canvas rolled down the street covered with white rose petals on Thursday, the sobbing of mothers, sisters and wives of the victims broke the silence. It stopped in front of Bosnia's presidential building where the weeping crowd tucked more flowers into the canvas. On Wednesday, survivors of the Srebrenica massacre set out with thousands of others on a solemn 105-kilometer march near the U.N.-protected enclave. Some marching at the front of the column carried wartime-era Bosnian flags and many wore white T-shirts that read "I survived." The marchers were walking in the opposite direction taken by the fleeing Muslims, who arrived in Nezuk after escaping Srebrenica. "It took me seven days to reach Nezuk. It was horrible … dead people and blood were everywhere. I saw my neighbors, friends and relatives, but they couldn't be helped," one participant, Nedzad Mujic, 46, told Agence France-Presse (AFP).
Efforts have been made to heal the wounds left by the 1995 massacre. In June, a mixed choir of Serb and Muslim children welcomed Pope Francis during a visit to Srebrenica aimed at bolstering the reconciliation efforts. But every July, as Srebrenica prepares to mark another year since some 8,000 Muslim men and boys were rounded up and shot dead by Bosnian Serb forces under General Ratko Mladic, any outward signs of progress become overshadowed by memories of the massacre. "We [the people of Srebrenica] become visible only in July," said the town's mayor Camil Durakovic, himself a Muslim.
Even now, the forests and farmland around Srebrenica are yielding bones; more than 1,000 victims are missing, tossed into pits then dug up months later and scattered in smaller graves by Bosnian Serb forces trying to conceal the crime. So far, the remains of more than 6,000 Srebrenica victims have been found, painstakingly identified and reburied. Although the massacre occurred two decades ago, Bosnian Serb and Serbian leaders have persistently refused to describe it as genocide as defined by international courts. On Wednesday, Russia vetoed a draft resolution recognizing the massacre as genocide at the U.N. Amnesty International slammed Russia over its Srebrenica veto, saying that the move is an "insult to the memory of the dead." The human rights group described Russia's act as "affront" to the families of the victims. "Russia's veto of a U.N. Security Council resolution on the Srebrenica genocide is an affront to the families of the victims of the massacre and will hinder attempts at reconciliation between the communities of Bosnia-Herzegovina," said John Dalhuisen, Amnesty International's Director for Europe and Central Asia. "This resolution was about much more than just recognizing Srebrenica as a genocide. It was also about acknowledging the urgent need to provide justice to the victims and long-term support to survivors, including of sexual violence, and clarifying the fate and whereabouts of the over 8,000 still missing from the war," Dalhuisen said.
For Muslim Bosniaks, Srebrenica has become a symbol of collective suffering. Serbs see it as a stick for the world to beat them with; many dispute the death toll and deny it was genocide, as the U.N. tribunal has ruled. Srebrenica was besieged by Serb forces between 1992 and 1995 during the Bosnian War. Back then, Serb militias were trying to wrest territory from Bosnian Muslims and Croats to form their own state. The U.N. Security Council had declared Srebrenica a "safe area" in the spring of 1993. However, Serb troops led by Mladic – who now faces genocide charges at The Hague – overran the U.N. zone despite the presence of around 450 Dutch soldiers tasked with protecting innocent civilians as U.N. peacekeepers. The Dutch troops failed to act as Serb forces occupied the area, killing about 2,000 men and boys on July 11 alone. Some 15,000 Srebrenica men fled into the surrounding mountains, but Serb troops hunted down and slaughtered 6,000 of them in the forests. A total of 6,166 victims have been buried at a memorial center; another 230 victims were laid to rest outside of the village of Potocari in July last year.
People heard this intense American voice rising in indignation, and patriotic disgust, and “plain human hope,” and felt spoken for. They joined SDS. Thousands of young people, on fire, imagined that they could change the world. Here was a man old enough to be their older brother, a man of neither their generation nor their parents', an accomplished man who had thrown in his lot with the big new thing that was happening—who had picked himself up and transformed his own life. His passion and persuasive power were infused with the sense that he poured his whole self into the new possibilities that the movement stood for. He was at stake. He wasn't playing a role; he was living a life.
He had found a world where words mattered, drama mattered, and intellectual life was neither arid nor necessarily credentialed. Words counted. Whether from the podium, or face to face, or over the kitchen table, he loved putting words together. He spoke in whole sentences, often enough in great rolling cadences, accelerating with Faulknerian momentum. (When I was working on my first book, which would consist mostly of narratives from Southern whites—“hillbillies”—living in Chicago, he told me to read As I Lay Dying.) He was pungent, not showy. To say he was a master of rhetoric would be to cheapen his achievement, now that we live in an age when the word connotes windy clichés and the art of communicating in 140-character bursts is more highly prized. On paper, he dazzled. SDS reprinted the text of his Washington speech in many thousands of copies.
A lot of restless, estranged, disgusted young people who read him or heard him speak felt—still feel—that he changed their lives. Years later, Newsweek wrote about one Wellesley student in particular who subscribed to a Methodist student magazine called Motive, where she had read a piece of his—or anyway, Newsweek reported in 1994, “a Methodist theologian, Carl Oglesby.” “It was the first thing I had ever read that challenged the Vietnam war,” she said years later. The student was named Hillary Rodham, and the misattribution wasn't far off. Oglesby preached. His theology was an improvised search for a political faith, riddled with doubt as it had to be, offering something deeper—more spiritual, indeed—than either liberal or Marxist clichés about the inevitability of progress.
At the time, his high art was the art of intellectual dismantling. He delivered to the crackpot Cold War theories of the time—especially the one about dominoes flopping over, ostensibly at the behest of China, which in fact had been Vietnam's enemy, not leader, for a thousand years—the scathing demolition they deserved, and helped make it respectable to unearth the imperialism that formed the unspeakable part of America's Cold War self-righteousness. But his analytic equipment wasn't capable of laying a new intellectual foundation. (No one's was.) Sometimes the drama he conjured was too bare, stripped down to caricature. Corporate liberalism was too shaky a concept to hold the intellectual weight he wanted to place on it.
“Why the New Left? Why not the current Left?” he asked, trying to find out. Well, the political generation that followed him, two or three years on, under pressure of war and revolutionary delusions and their own shallowness, decided it no longer wanted to be a New Left at all. They wanted to be The Left, meaning an all-or-nothing, go-for-broke, Leninist-based left. Carl was in shock when they accused him of having “bad politics.” How could he have bad politics, he asked, when he didn't really have politics at all—or rather, when he was trying to find what an actual American left-wing politics would be? He flirted with libertarians and they flirted with him. He flirted with liberal businessmen. But clarity didn't take shape, neither for him nor his most trusted colleagues, and in the meantime, the cocky revolutionists were in a hurry. Self-infatuated revolutionists with no talent for clear thinking but plenty of melodramatic impulse drummed him out of the movement that had become his whole life. At 35, he was dumped on the ash-heap of history.
What, When, and Where
Community Day April 7 A day of workshops, dev sprints, install fests and hackathons. We invite all FOSS projects to participate and will find you a venue. Guests are welcome to visit the activities during the day. Free of charge - learn more here! Conference Days April 8-9 Two days of fully catered, dual track conference with a technical focus. We bring speakers and guests from all over the world to provide the best possible contents for our audience. Get your ticket now! Training Day April 10 One day of top quality training sessions. We bring the best teachers to our venue for an additional one day training of your choice. Get your ticket now!
foss-north is a free / open source conference covering both software and hardware from the technical perspective. Hosted in Gothenburg between Copenhagen, Oslo, and Stockholm, with an international airport, we provide a meeting place for the Nordic foss communities and will bring together great speakers with a great audience.
The event takes place during April 7-10 at Chalmers Conference Centre in Gothenburg, Sweden.
Speakers and Events
We are happy to have the following speakers at foss-north 2019.
Please visit our Call for Papers if you are interested in speaking at the event.
Sponsors
We would like to thank our sponsors for helping us to make this possible.
If you want to help out by sponsoring us, please visit our Call for Sponsors for more information.
Silver Sponsors
Base Sponsors
Partners
We would like to thank our partners for helping us to make this possible.
0 ‘I just fired one': 84-year-old man shoots, kills home intruder
ELLPORT, Pa. - An elderly man shot and killed one of two intruders at his home early Friday morning in Ellport, Lawrence County, police said.
The 84-year-old man, Don Lutz, was confronted by the intruders about 1:30 a.m. at his Jamison Avenue home, authorities said. An altercation followed.
RAW VIDEO: Man describes home invasion shooting
“I just fired one. It was in the dark. He attacked me and he was up close and I shot him,” Lutz said. “They jumped me and we both went on the floor. I scuffled with them on the floor and the one guy rolled over dead and the other guy, he jumped up and went out the door.”
Police are searching for the second intruder who ran off.
“The other one, maybe the bullet hit him, too. I don't know. I hope so,” Lutz said.
TRENDING NOW:
Lutz said he keeps his gun under his pillow and was in bed when the intruders broke through his front door.
“I ran into this guy. He grabbed me and the bullet went through his chest, went clean through him. The other guy must have been behind him,” Lutz said.
Police couldn't find the bullet, which they said might have hit the second intruder.
Investigators believe Lutz might have been targeted. Police have been at his home in the past for other incidents.
Lutz said he's a little sore after the ordeal, but has no regrets. He credits his faith with keeping him safe.
“I've never been afraid in my life. God has always been with me and I'm a hard believer in God and Jesus Christ,” Lutz said.
PIC: 85 year old man who shot & killed intruder is in good spirits, said "God was with him" & he is "a little sore" after a scuffle with intruders. He told us he keeps his gun under his pillow. 2nd suspect still on the run @WPXI https://t.co/PmYuqenocL pic.twitter.com/R25S0ITPwF — Gabriella DeLuca (@GabriellaDeLuca) December 8, 2017
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
SHARE THIS STORY:
Chelsea Clinton's NY Apartment is ‘Listed Address' For Senior Care Facility, ‘Metrocare Home Services Inc.'
After she had her Parkinson's “freeze” episode on Sunday, Hillary Clinton was rushed off for medical treatment but not at a hospital. People have been baffled why, when she was completely physically incapacitated, would she be taken to her daughter's incredibly expensive $11 million dollar apartment on the 4th floor of 21 East 26th Street. Perhaps your question would be answered if you knew that that exact same address was also the home of the Metrocare Home Services health center. Did we just blow your mind?
Guess what Chelsea Clinton's apartment (that HRC visited today) used to be? A home health center.https://t.co/mRD2xCazBt — Martin Shkreli (@MartinShkreli) September 12, 2016
Pharmaceutical billionaire, Martin Shkreli, who lives nearby, was the first to point out that the address Hillary visited was actually home to a “health center”. A quick trip to the New York State Department of Health website shows that Metrocare Home Services is closed or has merged with another facility.
Ok, kiddies, it's time to put your thinking caps on now and figure this thing out with me.
The luxury apartment building that Chelsea and her husband live in is the epitome of decadence and indulgence. Imagine what it would be like to live in an apartment that spanned an entire New York City block like this one does. And we are to believe that this incomprehensible amount of living space, literally enough for 40 – 50 people, is only occupied by a newly-married couple and their newborn baby? That's the equivalent of using a football field as a play area for a single child.
But what if the space was needed for more than Chelsea's little nascent family?
Chelsea Clinton's NY Apartment Is Listed Address For A Senior Citizen Care Facility, “Metrocare Home Services Inc.” https://t.co/DwpeZHSlFG — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) September 12, 2016
Now imagine, if you will, how much room would be needed for the world's most visible and infamous politician who not only is running a campaign for president, but also sick with a variety of illnesses and diseases and requires a full-time medical staff to keep her up and running. So now we have Hillary, Bill, a dozen Secret Service agents, various handlers as well as Hillary's full-time doctors and nurses. Her medical attendants need a place away from prying eyes to conduct the needed medical treatments to manage her Parkinson's Disease, blood clots, and the repercussions from her brain injury.
What better place to have to do all that than an entire medical facility that conveniently has “merged with another facility”.
Now suddenly, having such a massive apartment block makes perfect sense.
It's not an apartment for the newlyweds, it's a secret medical compound for treatments done in private. That's why the catatonic Hillary was rushed there and not to a general hospital.
She has her own secret hospital facility, and it's hidden right in plain sight. If not for the mobile phone video from Sunday, none of this would ever have come out.
But guess what? Now you know…
SHANGHAI, April 28, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The9 Limited (the "Company",NASDAQ: NCTY), an online game operator, today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement (the "Agreement") with L&A International Holding Limited, a Cayman Islands company with shares listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited under stock code 8195 ("L&A"), and certain other equity holders of Red 5, to exchange approximately 30.6% equity interest (on a fully diluted basis, the "Swapped Red 5 Interest") that it owns in its subsidiary Red 5 Studios, Inc. ("Red 5") for 153,896,387 newly issued shares of L&A. The Company currently owns approximately 63.4% equity interest in Red 5 on a fully diluted basis. The total consideration for the transaction for all the participating equity holders, including the Company, is approximately US$76.5 million, implying Red 5's valuation at US$170 million. The completion of the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions stipulated in the Agreement.
Red 5 is an online game developer based in the United States. Red 5 is developing Firefall, a MMOFPS game, for which the Company has conducted a limited commercial release in China in November 2015 and expect to have a large-scale commercial launch in China in the second half of 2016.
About The9 Limited
The9 Limited is an online game developer and operator in China. The9 Limited develops and operates, directly or through its affiliates, its proprietary MMO and mobile games including Firefall and Song of Knights. The9 Limited's joint venture has obtained an exclusive license for publishing and operating Cross Fire 2 in China. The9 Limited also engages in mobile advertising and mobile app education businesses. The9 Limited has formed a joint venture with Shanghai ZTE to develop and operate home entertainment set-top box business.
Safe Harbor Statement
This announcement contains forward-looking statements. These statements are made under the "safe harbor" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements can be identified by terminology such as "will," "expects," "anticipates," "future," "intends," "plans," "believes," "estimates" and similar statements. Among other things, statements about the potential transaction may constitute forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about The9's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. A number of important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Potential risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, political and economic policies of the Chinese government, the laws and regulations governing the online game industry, information disseminated over the Internet and Internet content providers in China, intensified government regulation of Internet cafes, The9's ability to retain existing players and attract new players, The9's ability to license, develop or acquire additional online games that are appealing to users, The9's ability to anticipate and adapt to changing consumer preferences and respond to competitive market conditions, and other risks and uncertainties outlined in The9's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its annual reports on Form 20-F. The9 does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement, except as required under applicable law.
For further information, please contact:
Ms. Connie Sun
Investor Relations Specialist
The9 Limited
Tel: +86 (21) 5172-9990
Email: IR@corp.the9.com
Website: http://www.corp.the9.com/
SOURCE The9 Limited
Related Links
http://www.corp.the9.com/
by
We all know that web users are incredibly impatient. And rightfully so. They're used to finding what they're looking for quickly and efficiently with as little thinking as possible. This means that when a searcher finds his way onto your company homepage, you have about a millisecond to convince him that he is in the right place.
The homepage is the elevator pitch of your site. If it is attractive and intuitive, it indicates that the rest of the site will follow suit. Conversely, if the user is bombarded with information or can't figure out how to get around your site, you'll be sure to lose him faster than you can say “click”.
1) Information Overload
The homepage does not have an easy job. It is like the manager of your website, with various tasks to accomplish and numerous people to please. The homepage has to entice the viewer, promote deals and events, clarify the site hierarchy, allow the viewer to search, provide a registration area, link to important sections within the site – and that's just the beginning.
The problem is when the homepage tries to take on too much. Think of a menu that offers pages upon pages of options, and even different cuisines. If we see Escargot in Garlic Sauce followed by General Tao's chicken, very few of us will sit there thinking “Wow, what a talented chef!” Instead, if we actually manage to make it through the entire menu, we are more likely to be severely confused as to what the restaurant's specialty is. Similarly, when a company tries to put everything on the homepage, the result isn't more selection, or better options. Rather, what you get is a severely confused browser who may just lose his appetite for your site.
2) Don't get Fancy on Me
With all the possibilities in webpage design, it's easy to get carried away with making yours stand out. There is definitely room for originality on the homepage, but getting too fancy can often result in a frustrated viewer. As Steve Krug says in Don't Make Me Think, “conventions are your friends”. When users get to a site, they expect to see things look a certain way. While there's nothing wrong with a surprise here and there, you'll only run into problems if you try and reinvent the wheel.
For example, most online shoppers know that clicking a shopping cart icon will bring them to the checkout. Giving them a rainbow icon instead is not creative, it's simply confusing. Remember that conventions have innate value. If you're going to break away, the replacement had better be exceptionally clear or add enough sparkle to justify making your viewer use extra brain power.
3) Missing the Meat and Potatoes
With all the information that's getting heaped onto the homepage, it can come as a surprise that most companies forget to include key elements. The most notable omission is the company phone number. With all the time and effort spent creating a glorious looking homepage, you're cutting off a lot of potential customers by not providing a direct line to your product or service!
A second critical omission is a clear call-to-action. All too often, we find a homepage that seems to have what we are looking for, but then can't figure out how to get to the right page. Call-to-actions are the simplest way to direct the viewer to the appropriate content. If the goal of the site is to get people shopping, the smartest thing to do is to include a prominent button on the homepage that says “Start shopping now!”.
Lastly, many homepages have stunning visuals and clear navigation. However, no one will have the pleasure of using the site because it is too difficult to find. Including keywords on the homepage is critical for the page to picked up in Google search results. If you're sited is about photography services, be sure to include the words ‘Photographer' and ‘Services' on the homepage in order to optimize for search engines.
Remember the three C's: Clear, Concise, and Conventional. If you stick to these simple tips, you'll be sure to keep your viewers calm and clicking on.
Christian F. Hempelmann's research is a barrel of laughs. Well, a village of laughs to be exact. On the 40th anniversary of the Tanganyika Laughter Epidemic of 1962, the Purdue University linguistics doctorate candidate began researching the mythicized event that claims to have paralyzed numerous towns for months while residents were consumed with insatiable laughter. But this yearlong plague of the giggles is no laughing matter. At this month's International Society for Humor Studies Conference at Northeastern Illinois University, Hempelmann argued that it was extensive stress, not bliss, that victimized thousands of residents in the African village. And in today's world of terrorism and 12-hour workdays, he said it could happen again.
Q. What is the popular concept of what happened in Tanganyika in 1962?
A. It started in a little boarding school in the village of Kashasha in what is now Tanzania, Africa. There was an initial event of laughter by a small group of students, possibly due to a joke. Eventually, the whole school was affected by the laughter by contagion. People take this at face value. One person laughs, then another person laughs, then it spreads like an avalanche. So when parents picked up their children from school, they started laughing. Then it spread to other villages, and so on. And depending on where you read about it, the laughing epidemic lasted for anywhere from six months to a year-and-a-half. The original report on the event has been misquoted and exaggerated.
Q. Sounds fun, but not credible. Is this even possible?
A. No. They weren't laughing continuously for a year. People ignore the physiology of laughter. No one can laugh for more than about 20 seconds because laughing is such a strain on respiration. You know when you laugh for so long that it starts to hurt? You just can't do it for that long. So it is impossible for an entire population to laugh for a year because it's impossible for one person to laugh for more than a minute.
Q. So is it all a myth?
A. Something did happen in Tanganyika. The bad news is, it had nothing to do with humor. There was no merriment. Laughter was one of many symptoms.
These people were showing anxiety-related symptoms, from pain, to fainting, to respiratory problems, and sometimes people get rashes. There were attacks of crying as well as laughing.
The incident did last for about a year, but it occurred in relapses, not constantly. It spread to a couple of other schools and another village. The school did close down. You can't know exactly how many people were affected, but it was around several thousand.
Q. What caused it?
A. It's called mass hysteria. This is when a certain behavior is observed in a group of people that is not related to a certain environmental stimulus. There is no specific cause.
Now we call it Mass Psychogenic Illness (MPI). It's psychogenic, meaning it is all in the minds of the people who showed the symptoms. It's not caused by an element in the environment, like food poisoning or a toxin. There is an underlying shared stress factor in the population. It usually occurs in a group of people who don't have a lot of power. MPI is a last resort for people of a low status. It's an easy way for them to express that something is wrong. That may be why it has come to be associated more often with women.
Q. Can something like this happen again?
A. It's more common than you think. It usually starts in a school or in a work place, when people are in a stressful situation and they don't have the power to get out of that situation.
In 1962, Tanganyika had just won its independence. The young people involved reported that they were feeling stressed by the higher expectations of their teachers and parents. It is a common occurrence and a costly occurrence if it occurs at your workplace because it may have to be closed down. This happened in Lafayette, Ind., a couple of years ago. They'll get someone to spray the area to comfort people who were involved. People will say that there were a bunch of bugs and we were all stung by it. They won't admit that it was hysteria.
Q. Will there be any more research into the Tanganyika epidemic to develop ways to prevent a similar case in the future?
A. This case is dead. No good records were kept on it, so it's going to be hard to get reliable information. I'm going to try to go there to interview people who were there at the time. But the problem with studying MPI is that by the time authorities come in, it's over. It will always be a hard thing to witness.
College Football Teams Who Recruited the Best at Each Position 0 of 7 Credit: 247Sports Thanks to the 247Sports class rankings, we already know which teams recruited the best overall talent. But who recruited the best at each position? To answer that, we've combed through the 2015 signing classes and accounted for several factors. Quality of talent—how many 5-star players, how many top-100 players, etc.—was obviously important, but depth of talent mattered just as much. There is no good formula (that I know of) to balance those two factors, but keep in mind that that's what we were looking for. How many players did you sign? And how high are those players rated? Also, for simplicity, offensive linemen, defensive linemen, linebackers and defensive backs were lumped into one category apiece. So many players move between defensive end and tackle, outside and inside linebacker and cornerback and safety that separating them would have been misguided. Sound off below and let us know what you think.
Quarterback 1 of 7 Credit: 247Sports Gold Medal: Tennessee Jauan Jennings (OVR: 167 - DUAL: 6)
Sheriron Jones (OVR: 255 - DUAL: 7)
Quinten Dormady (OVR: 263 - PRO:12) Stealing Sheriron Jones from Florida was gluttonous, but all's fair in love and recruiting. In the end, Tennessee landed three quarterbacks from the overall top 275, which no team has done since (at least) the advent of 247Sports. Joshua Dobbs was the only QB on the roster, so the Vols filled a position of need—and they did it with talent. Silver Medal: USC Ricky Town (OVR: 79 - PRO: 6)
Sam Darnold (OVR: 147 - DUAL: 5) Am I dubious Ricky Town and Sam Darnold can coexist? Of course. But for USC, that's a good problem to have. With Cody Kessler in 2015, Max Browne eligible until 2017 and Town and Darnold both arriving next season, the Trojans are set for a long time under center. Bronze Medal: Ohio State Torrance Gibson (OVR: 75 - ATH: 6)
Joe Burrow (OVR: 306 - DUAL: 9) Sometimes the rich get richer. In this case, Warren Buffett won the lottery. Torrance Gibson and Joe Burrow each check in at 6'4", and each can make plays with their legs. They are perfect fits for Urban Meyer's offense, and they have time to develop before playing.
"The kingdom is fully determined to strike with an iron fist all those who aim at the minds or ideas of our dear young people," Salman said in an address to the nation to mark the start of the Islamic feast of Eid al-Fitr on Tuesday.
His comments follow three suicide attacks in the kingdom on Monday that targeted Islam's second-holiest site and two other cities.
One of the bombs struck outside the Prophet's Mosque in Medina, killing four police officers. That attack followed two similar blasts in the Shiite-dominated Qatif, in the kingdom's east, and close to the US consulate in Jeddah.
In comments published by the official Saudi Press Agency, the 80-year-old monarch also cautioned young people against "the dangers that lie in wait, notably extremism." More than half of Saudis are under 25 and some have proclaimed allegiance to the so-called "Islamic State" (IS) jihadist group.
Four police were killed but no civilians were wounded
Anger in the Muslim world
Many Saudis and Muslims in other nations have expressed their shock at the Medina attack in particular, which the UN human rights chief Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein called "an attack on Islam itself."
The Afghanistan Taliban also condemned the bombing, while the Lebanon-based military group Hezbollah denounced it as "a new sign of the terrorists' contempt for all that Muslims consider sacred."
No group has claimed responsibility but fingers are pointing at IS, which has previously claimed other attacks against Saudi security officers and minority Shiites.
The jihadist group, which controls areas of eastern Syria and northern Iraq, has frequently denounced the Saudi monarchy.
Security tightened
Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia's crown prince and anti-terror tsar, Mohammed bin Nayef bin Abdul-Aziz, sought on Tuesday to reassure Saudis of the country's security.
"The security of the homeland is good, it is at its highest levels and thanks be to God it gets stronger every day," the state news agency SPA quoted him as saying, during a visit to some of the wounded in the Jeddah attack.
Also on Tuesday, US Secretary of State John Kerry met with his Saudi counterpart and talked about the need to defeat "IS", the State Department said.
mm/jr (AFP, dpa, Reuters)
A suspect who authorities say opened fire on officers in Ferguson, Missouri, on the anniversary of Michael Brown's death was critically wounded when the officers shot back, St. Louis County's police chief said Monday.But the father of the suspect, 18-year-old Tyrone Harris Jr., called the police version of events "a bunch of lies." He said two girls who were with his son told him he was unarmed and had been drawn into a dispute involving two groups of young people.St. Louis County prosecutors on Monday announced 10 charges against Harris - five counts of armed criminal action, four counts of first-degree assault on a law enforcement officer and a firearms charge. All 10 are felonies.It was not immediately clear if the latest police shooting of a black suspect would spur renewed unrest in Ferguson, the site of many protests - some violent - in the aftermath of Brown's death on Aug. 9, 2014. St. Louis County Executive Steve Stenger issued a state of emergency, a move that authorizes county Police Chief Jon Belmar to take control of police emergency management in and around Ferguson.Elsewhere, about 50 protesters were in custody after being arrested while blocking the entrance to a federal courthouse in downtown St. Louis, where they demanded federal action to stop what they consider racially abusive policing. Those in custody included scholar and civil rights activist Cornel West.Belmar said at a news conference that officers had been tracking the suspect, who they believed was armed, during a protest marking the death of Brown, the black, unarmed 18-year-old whose killing by a white Ferguson police officer touched off the national "Black Lives Matter" movement.At the height of what was already a rowdy protest in which rocks and bottles were thrown at officers, gunshots rang out from the area near a strip of stores, including some that had been looted. Belmar believes the shots came from about six different shooters. It was not clear what prompted the exchange, but Belmar said the groups had been feuding.At one point, the suspect crossed the street and apparently spotted the plainclothes officers arriving in an unmarked van with distinctive red and blue police lights, Belmar said. He said the suspect shot into the hood and windshield.The officers fired back at him from inside the vehicle and then pursued him on foot when he ran.The suspect fired on officers again after he became trapped in a fenced-in area, the chief said, and all four officers fired back. He was struck and fell and was taken to a hospital, where Belmar said he was in "critical, unstable" condition.Tyrone Harris Sr. told The Associated Press his son was a close friend of Michael Brown and was in Ferguson Sunday night to pay respects.Harris said his son got caught up in a dispute among two groups of young people and was "running for his life" after gunfire broke out. He said the girls who were with his son said he had no weapons."My son was running to the police to ask for help, and he was shot," he said. "It's all a bunch of lies ... They're making my son look like a criminal."The younger Harris does not have a listed attorney.The suspect had a semi-automatic 9 mm gun that was stolen last year from Cape Girardeau, Missouri, Belmar said.None of the officers was seriously injured. All four have been put on administrative leave, which is standard procedure. They were not wearing body cameras, Belmar said.The shooting happened around 11:15 p.m. Sunday, sending protesters and reporters running for cover.Belmar waved off any notion that the people with the weapons were part of the protest."They were criminals. They weren't protesters," he said.Some protest groups were critical of police."It was a poor decision to use plainclothes officers in a protest setting because it made it difficult for people to identify police officers, which is essential to the safety of community members," Kayla Reed, a field organizer with the Organization of Black Struggle, said in a statement."After a year of protest and conversation around police accountability, having plainclothes officers without body cameras and proper identification in the protest setting leaves us with only the officer's account of the incident, which is clearly problematic."Early Monday, another reported shooting drew officers to an apartment building in the area. Two males told police they were targeted in a drive-by shooting near the memorial to Brown outside Canfield Apartments. A 17-year-old was shot in the chest and shoulder, and a 19-year-old was shot in the chest, but their injuries were not life-threatening, authorities said.Separately, police said a 17-year-old suspect has been charged with unlawful use of a weapon and one count of resisting arrest after he fired shots near the protesters late Sunday. He is being held on $100,000 bond.The anniversary of Brown's killing, which cast greater scrutiny on how police interact with black communities, has sparked days of renewed protests, though until Sunday they had been peaceful and without any arrests.Before the gunfire, protesters were blocking traffic and confronting police. One person threw a glass bottle at officers but missed.For the first time in three consecutive nights of demonstrations, some officers were dressed in riot gear, including bulletproof vests and helmets with shields. Police used smoke to disperse a crowd that lingered on West Florissant, Belmar said.One officer was treated for cuts after a rock was thrown at his face, and two officers were pepper-sprayed by protesters, county police said. Five people were arrested.St. Louis Post-Dispatch reporter Paul Hampel was beaten and robbed by attackers while covering the unrest. Hampel said he was taking photos and videos of break-ins along West Florissant Avenue when he was rushed from behind. He was bloodied and spent the night in a hospital with a concussion.
Apple on Thursday officially announced that the Apple Watch will finally be available in Apple Store locations in two weeks. That means no more ordering online and sitting around waiting for a UPS notification, and it suggests that the company has finally found a way to increase supply to meet demand for the new wearable.
“The response to Apple Watch has surpassed our expectations in every way, and we are thrilled to bring it to more customers around the world,” said Jeff Williams, Apple's senior vice president of Operations. “We're also making great progress with the backlog of Apple Watch orders, and we thank our customers for their patience. All orders placed through May, with the sole exception of Apple Watch 42 mm Space Black Stainless Steel with Space Black Link Bracelet, will ship to customers within two weeks. At that time, we'll also begin selling some models in our Apple Retail Stores.”
Williams didn't say why the 42mm black stainless steel with space black link bracelet will take longer to ship, but presumably there's more demand for that model — or some holdup that's preventing Apple from getting as much supply of that Apple Watch model as it wants to.
Apple also said that, in three weeks on Friday, June 26, it will begin selling the wearable in Italy, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland and Taiwan.
Here's a description of an evolution of lego collection sorting. It might
be yours, at least in parts. It's certainly been mine.
I might turn this into an essay some day, but for now it will have to begin
life as a series of unsupported claims. If you have any comments or
additions, toss'em in.
The Evolution of Lego Sorting
-----------------------------
Let's assume you start your lego collection like most of us did: with one
set.
1. You don't sort your Lego. You just keep them in the box they came in.
(Then, over time, you get another set, then another, then another.
And your pile of bricks grows. How do you cope?)
2. You start sorting your Lego. You sort it by set.
(Your collection grows.)
3. You give up on individual set boxes and toss all your Lego in a big
storage bin or a Lego denim bag, or a couple of your large set boxes. You
become very familiar with the sound of someone digging through large bricks
looking for a 1x1 transparent red plate.
(Your collection grows.)
4. You begin to sort your Lego by category: normal-looking bricks in one
set box, other pieces in another box.
(And grows.)
5. Ok, you realize you actually have to sort it. You decide to sort the
obvious way: by color.
(And grows.)
6. You keep sorting by color, but you get pickier about how you do it,
and you start filtering out by type for the first time: probably the
first things you sort out by type are minifigs and wheels. You realize
you already had baseplates sorted out separately.
(Let's just assume at this point that between every paragraph, your
keep adding lego to your collection.)
7. You cave in and actually get a storage system. Maybe it's rubbermaid
bins, or piles of blue buckets, or fishing tackle boxes, or ziplocks. But
now you've got a system.
8. You grow weary of digging through all the yellow bricks looking for that
one specialized yellow piece somewhere in 2 cubic feet of yellow. But you
think of how much work it's going to take to split by part and you don't do
it.
9. Sorting becomes difficult enough that you decide, in some cases, not to
break some sets down and put them in your main pile of lego... instead, you
store them as a set, because that set is so cool just the way it is. (Ok,
so this set is from the 80s...) The pieces for that set are either in their
box, or in a ziplock or something. Congratulations, you've just invented
Set Archiving, and now you have two ways you store your Lego: broken down
by parts, and archived by set.
10. You give up and decide to sort your parts by type rather than by color.
You go get more bins or tackle boxes or whatever your container of choice
is, you dedicate an evening or a weekend or a month to it, and you split by
type.
11. You have now invented your own Lego categorization system. You have no
doubt separated out bricks, plates, wheels, minifigs, slopes, and so on,
but you've also clumped "things with curves" together, and doors and
windshields together. You also have a category called "misc". Your
categories, amazingly, don't look much like the LDraw categories.
12. You realize you have piles of stuff that don't fit easily into the
categorization system: RCX bricks, train track, those huge A-shaped
pieces, monorial supports, and rubber bands. You get a different sized
drawer system for stuff like that.
13. Your collection is now clearly housed in many different types of
containers ranging from buckets to drawers to bins to individual tackle box
components.
14. You begin to develop large piles of lego in various states of being
sorted, i.e:
the sorted stuff
the stuff you've kinda sorted and is ready to be put away
piles of lego you aren't going to sort because you think you'll use
it all to build something else anyway
lego sorted some other way than the way you sorted into drawers to see
if this way works better than that way did
your building projects
your new boxes of lego, some opened, some not
oh, and let's not forget your various models and MOCs
15. You begin to develop strong opinions on Plano vs. Stak-On and
Rubbermaid vs. Sterilite.
16. The original categories you made begin to follow this life cycle:
- They grow too large to fit into their container.
- You divide the category into two categories in order to get them
to fit into the containers... one for each category. (Now you
have windshields, doors, and windows, each as a different category
of pieces, each in their own containers.)
- You store those subcategories together, but as parts of them become
too numerous or too hard to find, you split them out. So your tackle
boxes now have a different compartment for each type of door.
You realize that at this point the endgame is that you will have a
different compartment for every type of piece you have.
16.5. Every once in a while, you open a drawer you haven't opened in a
while and discover that you've been sorting some piece into two separate
places in your drawers. This throws your categorization for a loop.
How exactly do you categorize the 1x2 plate with the little robot-looking
thing on it? Oh no... partsref doesn't have it either, augh!
17. You rearrange your house so that you can fit your storage system into,
hopefully, just one room.
18. You give up on the "one compartment for every piece" theory because you
can't keep up with that. Instead, you start putting some of the similar
things into shoebox-sized bins. The way you decide what to
compartmentalize and what to put into bins together is to think about how
long it takes to find an individual element. It's ok to dig through a pile
of windshields looking for the trans yellow blacktron hood. It's not ok to
dig through a pile of slopes looking for the specialized corner cap slope.
18.5. You document your categories so you don't get lost.
19. You develop a multi-stage sorting system. It may take a piece several
hops before it ends up in its final resting spot, but it's a bit more
efficient to sort this way, and you can do some of it while watching a
video.
20. Bizarrely enough, you actually give up and go back to sorting by color.
Only this time, you sort by color after sorting by piece. So you now have
a bin for yellow 1x3 plates, and a bin for black 1x3 plates, and so on.
21. Finally you create an "overflow" system of buckets, where, if the bin
of 1x3 yellow plates is full, you just any additional ones into that
overflow bucket, along with other plates. (One of the first indicators that
you should do this was that you didn't have a compartment big enough to hold
all your Lego horses...)
22. You begin to toss most pieces directly into overflow.
23. You now have what, to a stranger, would be a bizarre sorting system. You
have some parts thrown together in bins by type. You have some parts split
out with a separate bin for each part. You have some parts split out with
a separate bin for each color. You even have some parts split out by how
old they are: red 1x2s from the 60s, red 1x2s from the 70s, new red 1x2s
that hold really well, and all the other red 1x2s. And you have an
alphabetized pile of large buckets for the overflow pieces and another one
for the 1st stage of sorting.
23.5. That stranger would also think you were certifiably insane. Or at
least retentive.
24. You start looking for a new house. One with a large basement.
25. Vision recognition becomes interesting to you.
26. You begin to long for the day when you could sit at your desk and
actually reach every piece you owned without getting up.
27. You decide to keep a special set or two at your desk, away from the
huge sorting system, just to play with a few great sets without having
to sort them. And then you add another cool set. Pretty soon
you're digging through 3 inches of bricks trying to find that 1x1
transparent red plate and you think about sorting your bricks...
Of course, somewhere along the way, you probably quit buying just sets, and
started to do things like:
- Buy lego sets in bulk, to the point where you have 10s to 100s
of unopened boxes.
- Work on very large construction projects.
- Acquire other people's collections.
- Run large auctions over the net.
And those bring up entirely new sorting challenges.... but those won't
be written about tonight, at least not by me.
-r'm
Remy Evard / evard@mcs.anl.gov
A former police officer with the Port St. Lucie Police Department was sentenced yesterday to life in prison by United States District Judge Robin L. Rosenberg in Fort Pierce, Florida. He had previously pled guilty to multiple federal child exploitation charges.
Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida, Robert C. Hutchinson, Acting Special Agent in Charge, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI), Miami Field Office, and John A. Bolduc, Chief, Port St. Lucie Police Department, made the announcement.
Michael Edwin Harding, 28, of Port St. Lucie, was sentenced to life in prison for the charge of attempt to coerce and entice a minor to engage in sexual activity, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2422(b); 240 months for each count of distributing material involving sexual exploitation of minors, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2252(a)(2); 240 months for possession of material involving sexual exploitation of minors, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2252(a)(4)(B); and 360 months for producing child pornography, in violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 2251(a)(e). All of the sentences imposed will run concurrently. Additionally, the court imposed a lifetime term of supervised release and Harding will be required to register as a sex offender.
According to filed documents and statements made in court, Harding distributed videos and still images involving the sexual exploitation of minors on three separate dates. Between July 23, 2015, and August 4, 2015, Michael Harding posted multiple images and videos to a chat room on a popular social media application. The still images and videos depicted minor children engaging in sexually explicit acts. The images posted to the chat room were discovered during a forensic examination of a cell phone owned by Harding.
During the execution of a search warrant at Harding's house, HSI agents located electronic devices and thumb drives containing hundreds of videos and still images depicting the sexual exploitation of minors. A large number of the images and videos depicted prepubescent minors engaging in sexual acts with adults.
Additionally, Harding attempted to coerce and entice a minor to engage in sexual activity over the internet. Chat messages recovered from Harding's cell phone memorialized a conversation between the defendant and another individual, wherein they claimed to have custody of minor children whom they offered to exchange for their own sexual gratification.
Harding also produced child pornography by using his cell phone to create a video depicting his sexually explicit contact with a child under the age of 12. The video was discovered on Harding's cell phone during a computer forensic examination.
This case is part of Operation Predator, an international law enforcement initiative, led by ICE-HSI, to combat the sexual exploitation of children. Through this collaborative effort, law enforcement strives to protect children from sexual predators, including individuals who travel overseas in order to engage in sexual conduct with minors, individuals who possess, trade and produce child pornography, criminal alien sex offenders, and sex traffickers of children. Anyone with information about suspected child exploitation is encouraged to call 1‑866‑872-4973. For additional information regarding the initiative and resources, visit www.ice.gov .
Mr. Ferrer commended ICE-HSI for their investigative efforts and the Port St. Lucie Police Department for their assistance with this investigation. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Daniel E. Funk and Russell R. Killinger.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Will former US Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and other senior Bush administration officials end up in jail for crafting the policies that led to the torture of prisoners at Guantánamo? As of yet, no government prosecutor is targeting them in the United States. But thousands of miles away, Spanish attorney Gonzalo Boyé is chasing after Gonzales and five other lawyers, and he has a chance—perhaps not a large one—of convincing his country's legal system to charge these former Bush aides with human rights violations.
For more than a decade, Spanish courts have been the terror of torturers and genocidaires the world over. Operating under the principle of “universal jurisdiction,” the country has claimed the right to investigate and, if necessary, prosecute human rights cases that occurred beyond its borders if the countries in question fail to act. Spain first invoked its status as the world's court of last resort in 1998, when Judge Baltazar Garzón of the National Court in Madrid issued an arrest warrant for former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet for his regime's torture and murder of Spanish citizens. Pinochet ultimately escaped prosecution in Spain, but Garzón's move paved the way for more cases. Sixteen are currently moving through Spanish courts, targeting perpetrators from Israel, China, Guatemala, Argentina, and El Salvador, among other countries. Still, for all the shuffling of paper, Spain has produced only one conviction under the banner of universal jurisdiction: that of Adolfo Scilingo, an Argentinean convicted in 2005 of assassinating left-wing dissidents during the country's “dirty war.”
Most recently, Garzón has turned his attention to six former Bush administration figures accused of putting forth specious legal arguments to justify clear violations of the United Nations Convention Against Torture. The so-called “Bush Six” case targets Gonzales; John Yoo, former Justice Department attorney and lead author of the “torture memos“; Douglas Feith, former deputy secretary of defense for policy; William Haynes II, Pentagon general counsel; Jay Bybee, former assistant attorney general; and David Addington, former chief of staff and legal adviser to Vice President Dick Cheney.
The investigation is the handiwork of Boyé, a human rights lawyer who represents several former Guantánamo detainees. According to their criminal complaint, they allege that the Bush Six “participated actively and decisively in the creation, approval and execution of a judicial framework that allowed for the deprivation of fundamental rights to a large number of prisoners,” and legitimized “the implementation of new interrogation techniques including torture.” In March, Garzón took up Boyé's case and initiated an official investigation; another National Court judge, Ismail Moreno, has since taken over the matter. Theoretically, assuming investigators gather sufficient evidence, indictments and prosecutions could follow, though it's unlikely that any of the Bush administration lawyers would choose to show up in Spain for a trial.
Boyé himself is no stranger to terrorism cases. He spent eight years in a Spanish prison for his involvement in the 1988 kidnapping of businessman Emiliano Revilla, who was held hostage for eight months by members of ETA, a Basque separatist group that appears on the US State Department's list of international terrorist organizations. Boyé claims to only have lent the kidnappers his ID and characterizes his incarceration as the result of “a very unfair trial.”
Now, Boyé has become something of a de facto prosecutor. But a recent resolution passed by the Spanish parliament could undermine his case. Spain's two leading political parties—the Socialists and the People's Party—overwhelmingly passed a measure on May 19 calling for a law that would restrict the use of universal jurisdiction. Will the measure quash the Bush Six investigation? Mother Jones discussed the case with Boyé.
Mother Jones: How was it that you came to be involved with the Bush Six case?
Gonzalo Boyé: I was concerned about the situation in Guantanamo and was searching for more information about it. Then I found several books, including The Torture Team by Philippe Sands. Reading it, I was sure that the key problem was the lawyers. The lawyers who created the legal framework for Guantanamo are the basis for all that happened there. Without the lawyers, the crime would never have been committed, or at least not in that form and with such a degree of impunity.
MJ: What are you hoping to accomplish?
GB: To get a conviction against the people responsible for what happened in Guantánamo. Accountability is the first step toward deterrence. With criminal offenses like this, it is necessary to send a clear message: No one is above the law, no matter their intentions. The security of any country can only exist within the rule of law. The war on terror is no exception. Thanks to Guantánamo, no evidence obtained there can be used in any court of law. Bush and his advisers have done a great favor for Islamic terrorists.
MJ: Are there any legal precedents for what you are attempting to do?
GB: Yes, at the Nuremberg trials several lawyers and judges were convicted for actions similar to those of the Bush Six. And in other countries, legal advisers and physicians have been convicted for taking part in torture. I do not see any reason why this case should be different.
MJ: A similar case in Germany against the Bush administration failed. Why? And what do you plan to do differently in order to optimize your chances of success?
GB: Because in Germany only the state prosecutor can exercise criminal action. In Spain, victims and civil society can do so themselves. There is no political control over what can go to court. According to the Spanish constitution, anyone can file criminal charges. That is the main difference between Spain and any other legal system in which universal jurisdiction is recognized.
MJ: What would you characterize as success in this case? Indictments?
GB: We are seeking more than just indictments. These people will be convicted, either in Spain or in the United States. I would prefer that the trial take place in North America, as that would be the best example of a legal system working for everyone.
MJ: The Spanish parliament passed a draft law on May 19, setting additional restrictions on universal jurisdiction cases like yours, presumably with the intent of making them more difficult to file. How might the new law affect the Bush Six case? Does it target your investigation specifically?
GB: The Spanish parliament is in the process of approving new regulations, but that will have no effect on this case. We represent Spanish victims, so there is sufficient relevance to Spain for the case to go forward. The new regulations are being devised in order to obtain impunity for the Chinese and Israeli authorities involved in other universal jurisdiction cases. They will not apply to people involved in torture committed at Guantánamo. In the Bush Six case, we fulfill all the new requirements of the draft law, so there is no reason for the Bush Six to relax or celebrate.
MJ: How likely is it that this draft law will pass? When do you expect it will?
GB: The law will be passed without a doubt, as it is in the interest of both major political parties. For the first time in several years, they are in agreement on something. They want to grant impunity to people who have committed the most serious criminal offences as defined under international treaties. Sooner than later, the government will regret changing the law and its collaboration with the opposition. The draft law would never have been written without political pressure exerted by both Israel and China.
MJ: Why do you think both major parties in Spain are so eager to weaken universal jurisdiction?
GB: They are bending to pressure from abroad. Politicians never considered changing the law until we brought criminal cases against some Israeli and Chinese officials. At the end of the day, the new draft law was not planned in Madrid, but in Tel Aviv and Beijing. Instead of keeping a dignified and independent position, Spanish politicians are running to meet the demands of these two foreign governments. Spain does not have a long-standing democratic culture, so it feels the need to be friendly with everyone rather than only those countries that respect human rights. In cases like this, a middle-of-the-road position is unacceptable: Either you are with the victims, or you are with the perpetrators. Spain was to play a major role in a peaceful solution to the Israeli-Palestinian problem, but with decisions like this, its position will become unacceptable to the Palestinian side. Politicians have a double standard when it comes to these types of crimes. That is quite evident.
MJ: How far along is the investigation? Have you requested that Judge Moreno call any witnesses? Gather any documents?
GB: We have requested a lot of documents and are waiting for US authorities to respond. We have presented some expert reports to the court. The next step will be to call witnesses.
MJ: Do you intend to urge the court to call members of the Bush Six to testify?
GB: Yes, all of them will be called as defendants. They are people responsible for serious criminal offences. We will guarantee them due process, as that is the only way to achieve proper justice.
Officials shut down the First Hill Streetcar system Wednesday after a mechanical issue was identified prompting officials to inspect the fleet of six seven Czech-designed cars that serve the line.
The service stopped serving riders mid-Wednesday afternoon. The first announcement of the disruption came from King County Metro, the agency that operates the City of Seattle service, just before 3 PM Wednesday. An announcement early Thursday morning confirmed the line was still not operating.
Transit Alert – First Hill Streetcar service is interrupted. Use alternate Metro bus rts 7, 9, 36 or 60, or Link light rail. — King County Metro (@kcmetrobus) March 1, 2017
A King County spokesperson told CHS Wednesday night that a mechanical issue was identified in one of the streetcars prompting officials to pull all of the cars back to the service facility on 8th Ave S in the International District. The spokesperson said he did not yet have additional information about the nature of the issue.
The First Hill Streetcar began service in January in 2016 after months of delay. The start of service on the line was bogged down, in part, by longer-than-expected testing on the propulsion system designed specifically for the First Hill line. The system uses regenerative braking during downhill sections in order to power special batteries allowing streetcars to periodically detach from their overhead wires so they can travel alongside city busses. The system was developed for the First Hill Streetcar to reduce overhead wire conflicts with the Metro trolley buses.
In 2015, CHS reported more details of some of the issues that caused the rollout of the service to be delayed including “water-damaged inverters.”
The Seattle Department of Transportation says that around 3,000 riders utilize the First Hill Streetcar daily. UPDATE 3:25 PM: Metro is operating a shuttle (PDF) to partially cover some of the streetcar's route.
Wednesday, SDOT also said its announcement of changes to Broadway to help speed up service on the notoriously slow-paced streetcar route was premature and that planned changes to the street won't happen until after more “analysis and outreach.” A department spokesperson told CHS that SDOT plans to begin that outreach this summer.
UPDATE 5:50 PM: A spokesperson said he still could not provide information on the nature of the mechanical issue but it must be serious. The First Hill Streetcar will not be in service again on Friday.
There's nothing to link the gun to the murder of Holly Bobo. That's just part of what we've learned about evidence in the high-profile murder case.
Now indications have shown that any last second plea talks have stalled, and, barring any new bizarre twist, the case will finally go to trial in one week.
There are six plus years of evidence, interviews, and paperwork -- all collected by the TBI investigating the murder of Holly Bobo -- has been sifted through by attorneys from both sides.
The question has remained: Does any of it convict Zach Adams?
"The state has been very clear in their discussions with me that there is no DNA that links Holly Bobo to Zachary Adams," said Adams' attorney Jennifer Thompson back in February.
The TBI did recover Bobo's remains, but Thompson said forensic testing came up empty.
"So there's no DNA that matches... Yes, and I'm comfortable that's accurate," said Thompson at the time.
But since then, prosecutors produced a gun -- an Arminus model 32 caliber long revolvers.
They also indicated there appears to be a bullet wound to Bobo's skull. So, is it the murder weapon? Did it belong to Adams?
Sources told NewsChannel 5 the gun was badly rusted. No DNA or fingerprints were recovered, and there's no way to do a ballistics test to link it to the bullet wound.
So, what will the prosecution have at trial?
"At this point, it may be a circumstantial case with no direct evidence linking Adams to the murder of Bobo," said NewsChannel 5 Legal Analyst Nick Leonardo.
Leonardo said that doesn't mean you can't get a conviction for first degree murder.
"The state will tout we don't have DNA, but we do have witnesses," Leonardo added.
Prosecutors already granted co-defendant Jason Autry and four others limited immunity to testify against Adams. Will that be enough?
Thompson said there's not the evidence to convict, and her client never considered a plea deal.
"He's maintained his innocence," said Thompson.
While the evidence to convict may be unclear, the defense does worry about the jury.
In fact, they've asked for another change in venue believing that the current jury pool out of Hardin County already believes Adams is guilty.
There will be one final motions hearing on Friday. If there are no further delays, jury selection will begin Saturday with the trial beginning on Monday.
NewsChannel 5 will be providing gavel to gavel coverage live on NewsChannel 5 Plus and streaming here online.
Read More:
State Believes Holly Bobo Was Shot
Jury Selection To Begin In September In Holly Bobo Case
Broadway Fiddler On the Roof Revival to Close
The revival of the Tony Award-winning classic will end its run after a year of performances at the Broadway Theatre.
The Broadway revival of Fiddler On the Roof, which stars Tony Award nominee Danny Burstein as Tevye, will end its Broadway run December 31, producers announced July 19. The production will have played 464 performances when it closes.
Burstein was Tony-nominated for his performance. The musical was also nominated for Best Revival and Best Choreography.
AFTER 6 TONY NODS, DOES IT EVER GET OLD FOR DANNY BURSTEIN?
Directed by Tony Award winner Bartlett Sher, the production opened on Broadway December 20, 2016, after previews that began November 20 at the Broadway Theatre. The revival earned three 2016 Tony nominations.
The original Broadway production of the show, which opened in 1964, had the first musical-theatre run to surpass 3,000 performances. The most recent revival, which opened in 2004, played 781 performances.
The musical has a book by Joseph Stein, music by Jerry Bock and lyrics by Sheldon Harnick. A cast album was recorded on the Broadway Records label.
Tickets are on sale via Telecharge.com or by phone at (212) 239-6200. The Broadway Theatre is located at 1681 Broadway at 53rd Street.
HAYWARD — A man pushing a 3-month old infant in a stroller was fatally shot Wednesday afternoon in unincorporated Hayward, Alameda County sheriff's officials said.
The infant was not hurt. Authorities did not say if the child was a boy or girl or what the relationship between the child and victim was.
The man's name and age have not been released.
The shooting happened about 3 p.m. Wednesday in the 200 block of Willow Avenue.
The man was pronounced dead at the scene and no one else was injured, Sheriff's Sgt. Ray Kelly said.
Kelly said it was too early to determine a motive. No arrests have been made.
Investigators were at the scene and streets in the area have been blocked off.
Kelly asked that anyone who witnessed the shooting or who might have video surveillance to contact the sheriff's office at 510-667-7721. Callers can remain anonymous.
Check back for updates.
When death came, delivered from the sky, Bünyamin E. was sitting in the back room of a building in the mountains of Waziristan. A few friends of his were staying at the property, a farm on the outskirts of Mir Ali, including Shahab Dashti, who had slipped away from Hamburg at night to embark on a "holy war."
Bünyamin, 20, was new there, after coming to Pakistan in the summer of 2010. He and his brother Emrah had left their home and family in the western German city of Wuppertal, replacing their life in Germany with a new one led according to the rules of Sharia law.
Sometimes all it takes is a cigarette to make the difference between life and death. On that Monday in October, Emrah E. left the house at just the right moment to smoke a cigarette, he said later. That action would end up saving his life. The missile, fired from a drone, destroyed the back room of the building, killing Bünyamin, Dashti and a few others. The exact death toll is still unknown. Emrah, who saw his brother die as he stood outside, called their parents in Wuppertal to tell them what had happened.
Is German Intelligence Used to Kill Germans?
The deadly air strike on Oct. 4, 2010 marked a turning point in the cooperation between German and American intelligence agencies. Bünyamin E. was the first German citizen to be killed in an American drone attack. His fate has both legal and political consequences and has placed the German government under pressure. While American President Barack Obama, who ordered the massive use of air power in the first place, is being celebrated in Washington following the killing of al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden, different standards are being applied in Germany.
The discussion centers on the question of what types of information German intelligence officials should be allowed to pass on to their American partners, and whether this information could lead to the deaths of German citizens.
"There are many indications that the German government is contributing to these attacks," suspects Green Party politician Hans-Christian Ströbele, who is a member of parliament. "This would make it partially responsible for such killings." And Wolfgang Grenz, the deputy general secretary of Amnesty International Germany, is demanding that the German government "comment on the possible role of the Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA) and the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV, Germany's domestic intelligence agency) in preparing the intelligence used for American drone attacks in Pakistan."
As an initial consequence, then-Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière, a member of Chancellor Angela Merkel's center-right Christian Democratic Union (CDU), had his staff prepare a report examining the legality and constitutionality of the practice of passing on information. The minister said privately that he was surprised that there was not more public discussion of the sensitive issue.
Since Obama came into office, drone attacks have become the US government's method of choice in fighting the al-Qaida and Taliban leadership. These days, Obama rarely employs secret operations by special-forces units, preferring to use unmanned "Predator" and "Reaper" drones, which are controlled remotely from American military bases. In the more than two years since Obama's inauguration, there have been approximately 200 drone attacks, in which a total of more than 1,000 people have died. Most recently, the CIA launched a drone attack in Yemen, only a few days after the death of bin Laden, barely missing its target, al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula leader Anwar al-Awlaki. In the United States, the attacks are seen as efficient and low-risk operations, because they do not cost any American lives.
A Dilemma for Germany
In other countries, however, the method is controversial. The air strikes violate the political sovereignty of nations like Pakistan and Yemen, and they often claim innocent lives in addition to killing terrorists. Some see them as nothing but tools of modern warfare, while others characterize them as extralegal death sentences that have not been reviewed by courts of law and are thus incompatible with the German concept of the rule of law. The drones, says Left Party parliamentarian Wolfgang Nekovi, are "Washington's fire and brimstone against America's enemies."
The American use of drones is becoming a serious problem for the German government. On the one hand, German intelligence agencies depend on close cooperation with the CIA, the FBI and the American military. "A smooth exchange of information is vital," says CDU domestic policy expert Clemens Binninger. Only recently, the investigation of a terrorist cell in Düsseldorf headed by Moroccan national Abdeladim el-K. revealed how important information from Washington is.
In return, the Americans require as much information as possible from their partners. Since the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001 -- which a group of terrorists in Hamburg were able to prepare without attracting attention -- Berlin has acted on the maxim that it must do everything humanly possible to help the United States fight terrorism.
At the same time, the public has been alarmed over the treatment of prisoners at the Guantanamo detention camp, the use of torture-like methods during interrogations and the spiriting away of suspected terrorists to covert prisons. For years, an investigative committee studied German support of the American war against terrorism, and its conclusions have left behind traumatic memories among those involved in Berlin. For the German government, trans-Atlantic cooperation has been a balancing act.
The degree to which the drone attacks will adversely affect the German-American relationship also depends on the German Federal Prosecutor's Office. In the southwestern city of Karlsruhe, the office's investigators are currently examining the possibility of filing charges against those responsible for the death of Bünyamin E. A key factor in their decision is the question of whether what is happening in Pakistan can be defined as an armed conflict or war, as is the case in Afghanistan. Should the prosecutors answer this question in the affirmative, German forces would have extensive latitude under international criminal law, as was the case with the bombing of a tanker truck in Kunduz in September 2009 that killed up to 142 people, including many civilians. It would constitute something of a carte blanche for the use of drones.
This, however, is contradicted by the general legal view that there is no armed conflict in Pakistan. In that case, an investigation into the drone attack that killed Bünyamin E. would be subject to the rules of ordinary criminal law. Such an investigation, by a public prosecutor in Hamburg or Wuppertal, for example, would deal a serious blow to relations with Washington. The federal prosecutors, erring on the safe side, have forwarded the delicate issue to the Foreign Ministry, the BND, Germany's foreign intelligence service, and two institutes, asking for their responses in the form of expert opinions.
Large numbers of aircraft were captured by opposing forces during the Second World War and in some cases these aircraft were airworthy allowing for the captor to assess its performance and develop countermeasures. One such aircraft was Supermarine Spitfire Vb EN830/NX-X which crashed in German-occupied Jersey having been hit by flak over France on November 18th 1942. It's pilot, Pilot Officer (Sous Lt.) Bernard Scheidhauer of the Free French Air Force, crash landed the aircraft relatively intact in a turnip field and both he and his aircraft were transported back to Germany where he would later be shot for his part in a mass break out of allied PoWs.
With the aircraft repaired the Germans went about assessing it and it's Merlin 45 engine comparing it to previous captured Spitfire marks and of course to their own Bf109 and Fw190 fighter aircraft. The aircraft was painted in Luftwaffe test markings in order to avoid any frontline Luftwaffe pilot mistaking it for an RAF machine and attacking it. Once these tests were completed talk turned to assessing how the aircraft would handle with a German engine installed. A similar experiment had been attempted on an earlier Spitfire with a DB 601 engine from a Messerschmitt Bf109 but it required too many modifications to be practical. The newer Spitfire Vb however had a much larger engine bay for its more powerful Merlin 45 and this afforded the Germans much more space to develop mounting brackets for the DB 605A-1 engine which would drive a Bf109 propeller. The project was given the go-ahead in early 1944.
The aim of the experiment was to establish whether the engine would dramatically improve the aircraft's performance to the point far beyond that of the Luftwaffe's fighter. The Germans knew they had an excellent engine in the DB 600 series and it was almost always slightly ahead of the Rolls-Royce Merlin series fitted to the Spitfire in terms of capability and technology. The results did indeed prove startling. The similar engined Messerschmitt Bf109G still proved faster at low altitude thanks to its smaller dimensions whereas the larger Spitfire/DB 605 incurred more drag. However this advantage was lost over 11,000 ft where the speeds evened out and the Spitfire handled better. The DB 605A engine gave the Spitfire a ceiling of 41,666 ft, a staggering improvement of some 5,000ft over the original Merlin 45 engine and was around 3,200 ft. more than the Bf.109G. This showed the soundness of the Spitfire's design but as iconic as it has become in aviation circles the Merlin proved it was not the wonder-powerplant the British would have liked.
However, by the time this Franken-Spitfire had been properly tested the original material was already out of date with the Spitfire V having been replaced by the superlative Spitfire IX. This had the Rolls-Royce Merlin 66 engine which actually produced an aircraft with similar performance to the German experiment. The experiment itself came to an end abruptly on the 14th August 1944 when the aircraft was destroyed in a US air raid.
Advertisements
In a voice shaking with emotion, mayoral candidate Adam Giambrone Tuesday night admitted he had "intimate relations" with other women throughout most of last year. Giambrone, a city councillor and Toronto Transit Commission chair, made the confession in an exclusive telephone interview with the Toronto Star. He read a prepared statement in which he apologized profusely to everyone in his life, including Sarah McQuarrie, his live-in partner of several years.
"To have misled those around me in this fashion is the worst mistake of my life," Adam Giambrone said Feb. 9, 2010. ( STEVE RUSSELL / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
"I have no excuse for my failure to disclose my relationships with other women," he said. "To have misled those around me in this fashion is the worst mistake of my life." He pledged that in the days ahead he will "do everything possible to live by the lessons learned in this scarring experience." The Star reported Tuesday Giambrone, 32, suggested in a Dec. 27 text message to university student Kristen Lucas, 20, that McQuarrie was in his life for "political" reasons. Lucas, who produced copies of extensive texting with Giambrone, said they had an intimate relationship that began when she was 19 and included sex on a couch in his City Hall office.
Article Continued Below
When asked questions about Lucas Monday, Giambrone sent a statement to the Star that evening, admitting "an inappropriate relationship with a young woman," but insisting the relationship consisted of "text messages and conversations in public places only." Tuesday night he apologized to the Star. "I misled you and I am sorry I have no excuse," Giambrone said, referring to his statement to the newspaper the night before. Then, he read the new statement. His voice was halting and he spoke in a subdued and sombre tone.
He declined to answer questions about his political future. Before Tuesday night's confession of multiple affairs, his campaign chair John Laschinger said Giambrone was involved in consultations throughout the day, adding: "At this point, our intention is full-steam ahead."
Article Continued Below
Laschinger, a veteran political manager, said it was "a painful day for Adam," but claimed Giambrone had been "fully frank and transparent since the story hit. People are proud that he took responsibility for his actions." With media camped out at City Hall, Giambrone went to ground Tuesday. He spent the day at home talking to family friends and advisers, missing a Toronto and East York community council meeting and unreachable to the media. In his Tuesday evening statement to the Star, Giambrone said: "The most painful lessons in life come from the mistakes you make yourself and then inflict on those around you. "In an effort to bring this chapter to a close, let me say I did have intimate relationships for a period that lasted throughout most of last year with women other than my partner," he continued. "I apologize to them for the hurt I have caused. I regret deeply not having made this full disclosure earlier, to Sarah, my partner, and to my family, my friends and my supporters as well." Added Giambrone: "I have broken my own moral code and offended the values I was raised with by my parents and my grandparents; those I have always tried to live by." Throughout the day Tuesday, City Hall was abuzz with the emerging scandal. Councillor Brian Ashton called for Giambrone to resign his chairmanship of the TTC, which has been beset by bad publicity. "The TTC is under serious assault around issues of customer relations and performance. The union is now fragmented from the management. "I think his moral authority has been totally debased and undermined," said Ashton. "I think mentally he's going to be distracted by both his mayoralty bid and this sex scandal. His ability to come to terms with the TTC issues is tremendously weakened." Councillor Joe Mihevc reacted to Tuesday's Star report with "shock, shock." "I just read it an hour ago," said Mihevc. "Pain – that's all I can say." Lucas told the Star Giambrone disclosed City Hall secrets to her, adding she'd known for "a long, long time" about the TTC fare hike, announced last November for Jan. 1. She also said he shared negative views about city councillors, although Mayor David Miller "was like a god to Adam." Councillor Paula Fletcher called text messages that surfaced "disturbing." Said Fletcher: "A lot of women today have told me they are very concerned about what's in the text messages," In one message, Giambrone tells Lucas, "I still think of you when I need ... um ... stimulation." Another said: "I like you because you're smart and interesting. You're also good-looking naked." According to Lucas, Giambrone told her he didn't have a girlfriend and lived with his brother. He allegedly said he couldn't invite her to his apartment because his elderly parents lived nearby and dropped in unexpectedly. Lucas claimed they last had sex at her home on Jan. 2 of this year, after Giambrone finished a campaign event on the Danforth with McQuarrie. Frequent Giambrone critic councillor Rob Ford, who has come under fire for his own public indiscretions, said: "One, you shouldn't use your city hall office as a place to have sex. But the issue is his private life ... Do I think it's right? No. But that's my personal opinion." Deputy Mayor Joe Pantalone, Giambrone's rival for the mayor's chair from the left-wing faction of council, would say only that he is "surprised" by the damaging allegations. With files from David Rider, Robyn Doolittle, Paul Moloney and Tess Kalinowski
A Texas father has been found not guilty of theft after he took his 12-year-old daughter's phone away as punishment.
Ronald Jackson, 36, had been charged with theft of property of at least $50 but under $500 after taking his daughter's iPhone 4 when he found an inappropriate text in September 2013, WFAA reported.
A judge ordered for Jackson to be found not guilty on Tuesday citing insufficient evidence to continue the case.
Scroll down for video
Ronald Jackson, 36, of Texas was found not guilty of theft after he took his 12-year-old daughter's phone away as punishment in September 2013
He had been charged with theft of property of at least $50 but under $500 after taking his daughter's iPhone 4 (pictured) when he found inappropriate texts
Jackson had taken his daughter's phone away to teach her lesson after reportedly finding a text he thought was rude regarding another woman.
'I was being a parent,' he told CBSDFW. 'You know, a child does something wrong, you teach them what's right.
'You tell them what they did wrong and you give them a punishment to show that they shouldn't be doing that.'
The girl's mother, Michelle Steppe, said in court on Monday that she called police that same day who then went to Jackson's home and asked for the iPhone back, but the father refused.
'At that point, I decided the police don't interfere with my ability to parent my daughter,' Jackson told WFAA.
Steppe said that she was upset because the property was not his to take as it belongs to her and that she maintained the cell phone plans under her name.
'You can't take someone's property, regardless if you're a parent or not,' she told WFAA.
Jackson and Steppe are no longer a couple and were never married but had their daughter together, who is now 15.
Steppe's spouse is a Grand Prairie police officer, CBSDFW reported.
The girl's mother, Michelle Steppe, said in court on Monday that she called police on that same day who then went to Jackson's home and asked for the iPhone back, but the father refused
'At that point, I decided the police don't interfere with my ability to parent my daughter,' Jackson, who still has the phone, said of the incident
Three months following the 2013 phone incident, the father was sent a citation in the mail for theft of property less than $50 in value, a Class C misdemeanor, according to WFAA.
Jackson, who was offered a plea deal in January 2014 if he returned the phone, hired a lawyer and requested a jury trial.
The city attorney's office requested for the case to be dismissed and refiled the case with a harsher offense, a Class B misdemeanor, punishable to up to six months in jail and a $2,000 fine, WFAA reported.
A warrant was issued for Jackson's arrest and he was taken into custody at his home in April 2015 before he posted a bail of $1,500 to get out of jail, according to his lawyer, Cameron Gray.
Jackson might have been found not guilty but the case is not over as his lawyer plans to lawyer file a federal complaint for civil rights violations over the way Jackson was treated by police and the city attorney's office
Police said officers made several attempts to return the property to its owner but they were unsuccessful, according to WFAA.
'After unsuccessful recover of the property, this case, as with any other of this monetary value, was investigated and those results were provided to the Dallas County District Attorney's Intake Office who subsequently forwarded it to the trial court for prosecution,' Grand Prairie Police Detective Lyle Gensler said in a statement.
Over the course of the two-day trial, the teen testified in court against her father about the incident. Jackson still has the phone, according to WFAA.
Steppe noted that was the last thing she wanted her daughter to go through and that she was not happy with the verdict because she had purchased the cell phone.
'Even if you purchase something with your own money and have a receipt, it's not yours,' Steppe told WFAA. 'Someone can take it from you.'
Jackson reportedly did not become apart of his daughter's life until she was seven years old. Following this incident, he said that he 'can't ever have a relationship with them again.'
Major News Headlines: Syria Hiding Mass Killings in a Crematory~ Prelude to US Invasion!
The recent discovery, still unconfirmed, is a signal to me that our generals McMaster and Mattis, are preparing for full scale an invasion of Syria.
How do I know?
Whenever America initiates a war in some foreign country, there usually arises a causa belli, a reason for that particular war. This time around it is innocent children being killed as well as anti-Syrian combatants being tortured and then incinerated in hide-a-way mystery.
Next we will hear that Americans have to fight for “moral justice” [CIA claptrap].
We know when LBJ falsely informed the American public that our navy had been attacked by North Vietnamese gunboats, our legislators immediately voted a complete falsehood [north Vietnam never attacked us] into legislation justifying our subsequent incursion into Vietnam. That legislation, a mark of legislative disgrace, had been sanctified as the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution. Subsequently, fifty thousand American soldiers died needlessly and 250,000 were wounded. No one was sent to jail for this act of treason against the American public and the world.
Ironically, one upstart general named McMaster wrote his PhD thesis on the totality of generals who committed a Dereliction of Duty by sending our draftees into Harm's Way. McMaster claims the generals did this for personal gain, fame and fortune. Maybe this guy McMaster should go back and re-read his own thesis.
Since the Vietnam War, our generals/admirals have sent us into countless meaningless lethal wars where we have needlessly killed or maimed thousands of our soldiers. At the same time, we injured and displaced millions of refugees from Iraq, Syria, Afghanistan, Somalia, Sudan, Yemen, et. al.
We are a ‘warmongering' nation led by draft-dodging POTUSs [Clinton, Bush Jr, Obama] and overwhelmed by generals who have no concept of effective, strategic warfare other than to initiate an invasion and pray that it all works out. Let's not forget our legislators that are bought and sold by weapons manufacturers.
So now we have this fifteen year war against the so-called nefarious Taliban. Remember when POTUS Reagan invited them to the White House!? Don't forget that the CIA constructed Al Qaeda/ISIS to be the new ‘boogeyman' in our ersatz War Against Terrorism [oxymoron]. This “War of Terror' was brought to us by the clever team of CIA/MI/ Bush Jr/Cheney. These wackos produced the “mother of all false flags 9/11” to get the boys/girls juiced for fighting to save our country. What a crock!
Some years back, I first visited Syria on behalf of one of our more intelligent generals [Keith Alexander, Director of G2]. I reported back to my colleagues that there was no reason to decapitate the Syrian regime and subsequently neutralize ‘Dr. Bashar Assad'. Moreover, I had reiterated that Bashar was protecting the minority Druze, Christians, Alawites and Jews remaining in a predominantly Sunni Muslim country.
The rest is history.
Now, our incompetent new Ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki R. Hailey, has misspoken and embarrassed our State Department by falsely claiming that Bashar Assad has burned thousands of anti-Syrian combatants in a fake crematorium. She is an instrument for the Military Industrial Machine, a tool.
Next, Sec Def. James Mattis has sent over six thousand additional troops into Syria [not including another six thousand into Iraq] along with heavy weapons to initiate a military offensive against Bashar Assad and his well-trained Syrian soldiers.
Our “Doll House” advisor, Ivanka Trump, bemoaned the presence of slaughtered children gassed by Bashar. Unfortunately, she did not want to admit that this fiction had not occurred.
So we have a multiplicity of contrived, incorrect statements, and inept actions which are culminating into one strategic end: eliminate Bashar Assad's regime.
Easier said than done!
Starting another full scale war which we are not able to effectively fight [witness both Iraq and Afghanistan] will lead to the intervention of war –wearied Hezbollah fighters [about 8000 highly-trained Lebanese combatants]. Alongside these seven year battle-tested combatants will be the Iran Revolutionary Guard [IRG] and Russian Special Forces which will brook no leniency whatsoever against our poorly trained/ill-equipped desert soldiers.
This impending Syrian incursion will be as close to a WWIII scenario as one can imagine. It will involve so many terrorist groups fighting alongside US and allied forces that it would take a very sophisticated battle field commander to know what, where, how, and when this amalgam of incompetency could achieve any modicum of success.
REMEMBER: We have no national security interest in Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, Yemen, or Africa. We simply feed the voracious appetite of KBR, Halliburton, L3, SAIC, and many other military industrial companies by offering up our children to become their eventual cannon fodder. Let me quote Pope John Paul II [who helped me take down the Soviet Union without firing a shot] one the absurdity of this invasion/war:
“Wars generally do not resolve the problems for which they are fought and therefore… prove ultimately FUTILE.”
Islamabad: Pakistan on Monday reacted sharply to India's assertion that terrorists from across the border were responsible for the recent deadly attacks in Kashmir and that Islamabad's support to Mumbai terror attacks mastermind Hafiz Saeed was nothing short of "mainstreaming of terrorism".
Foreign Office Spokesperson Tasnim Aslam said, "We have taken a serious note of the remarks made by the spokesperson of the Indian Ministry of External Affairs (MEA)."
"Pakistan firmly rejects the baseless allegations about 'mainstreaming of terrorism'. Pakistan has been in the forefront of combating terrorism and is also its biggest victim," she said in a statement.
Lashing out strongly, India on Friday had said Pakistan's support to UN-designated terrorist and Mumbai terror attacks mastermind Saeed and his proscribed Jamaat-ud-Dawah was "nothing short of mainstreaming of terrorism."
Also, the Kashmir Valley on Friday was rocked by four terror attacks by militants from across the border who stormed an Army camp in Uri leaving 11 security personnel, including a Lt Colonel, dead and killed two civilians in Tral.
Srinagar and Shopian were the other two places where the militants struck. Terming the attacks as most unfortunate, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said the militants came from across the border and fired at the jawans and security men at a camp.
Aslam dismissed India's assertion that militants came from across the border, saying, "We also reject the equally baseless allegations and efforts to malign Pakistan by implicating it in the recent attacks" in Kashmir.
She said, "on the contrary, if any evidence of mainstreaming of terrorism in India was needed, one only had to look at the perpetrators of Samjhauta Express terrorist attack and its masterminds."
The Foreign Office Spoekesperson said Pakistan takes its obligations under the UN Security Council mandate very seriously.
"India has to understand that the people of Jammu and Kashmir would accept nothing short of their right to self-determination, promised to them by the United Nations Security Council and accepted by India and the International community," Aslam said.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Aboriginal prisoners are overrepresented in Canada's federal prisons and waiting longer for parole, according to new numbers from the Public Safety Ministry, which is responsible for corrections.
Federal offenders are first eligible for parole after serving one-third of their sentences, but their release isn't guaranteed.
However, according to the 2014 Corrections and Conditional Release Statistical Overview, nearly 85 per cent of aboriginal offenders are detained in federal prisons until they have served two-thirds of their sentences, at which time most offenders are entitled to statutory release, compared to 69 per cent of non-aboriginal offenders.
Struggles to secure housing, an inmate's criminal record and high caseloads for legal aid lawyers all contribute to longer wait times for release of aboriginal inmates in federal prisons, says Lydia Bardak of the John Howard Society in Yellowknife.
"Statistically, aboriginal offenders are more likely to go right to the end of their sentence date, which is something we don't want to see," said Bardak.
"Releasing someone at the end of their sentence does not make a safe community."
Housing a problem
Bardak said the closer inmates come to serving their full sentences, the more likely they are to have a higher "rate of reoffending," because they aren't given the opportunity to practise what they have learned in rehabilitation programs.
Bardak said many northern offenders serving federal time in the south also struggle to secure safe housing close to a parole officer.
"We don't exactly have [a transition home] here in Yellowknife, but there are four beds dedicated at Bailey House for federal corrections releases. There's just the one parole officer here in Yellowknife."
The report also notes the aboriginal population in federal prisons continues to grow.
The total aboriginal inmate population increased by 40 per cent in 2004-5 and 2013-14. While aboriginal people make up three per cent of Canada's adult population, they made up 23.1 per cent of the in-custody population and 16.8 per cent of offenders on community supervision in 2013- 14.
The report also found aboriginal inmates entered the federal corrections system at a younger age than non-aboriginal offenders.
TRC recommendations
In its final report, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission called for governments to eliminate the overrepresentation of aboriginal people in custody over the next 10 years.
TRC commissioner Marie Wilson heard from thousands of former residential school students, including offenders.
"The hardest transition they had to make in their life was going from residential school back to their community," she says.
"The easiest they had to make was going from residential school to the criminal justice system. "
The TRC calls to action include 17 recommendations related to justice, such as:
Creating more programs and services for offenders with FASD;
Calling on all levels of government to work with aboriginal communities to provide culturally-relevant services to inmates on issues such as substance abuse, family and domestic violence, and overcoming the experience of having been sexually abused;
Making sure lawyers receive training about the legacy of residential schools, aboriginal rights and indigenous law.
Jeremy Laurin, a spokesman for the Ministry of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness, said in an email: "Our Conservative government believes that criminals belong behind bars.
"Conditional release is not a right, it must be earned. Offenders have access to correctional programming that addresses their criminality."
Province/Territory Number of aboriginal offenders in federal prison (percentage of all offenders) NL 12 (10) PEI 0 (0) NS 88 (10) NB 157 (12) Quebec 632 (11) Ontario 692 (12) Manitoba 622 (54) Saskatchewan 868 (61) Alberta 1003 (32) BC 924 (27) Yukon 4 (44) NWT 10 (100) Nunavut 4 (100)
Source: Correctional Service of Canada
The amount Canadians owe compared to their ability to pay it off rose to yet another record high last quarter, the national statistics agency says.
Canada's debt-to-income ratio rose to 164.6 per cent at the end of June, from 163 per cent at the end of March, Statistics Canada reported Friday. It marks the biggest jump in the ratio since 2011, and it's now at its highest level on record.
That means that Canadians owe just under $1.65 for every dollar of their disposable income.
The ratio increased because while incomes rose by 0.8 per cent, so too did Canadians' debt levels, which increased by 1.8 per cent.
Canadians borrowed $26.3 billion in the second quarter, the data agency said, an increase of $3.7 billion from the first quarter. Most of that new borrowing came in the form of mortgages.
Net worth rises too
Despite the increasing debt, Canada's net worth also rose.
The total increased by 1.3 per cent or $107.3 billion from the first quarter to reach more than $8.5 trillion. On a per-capita basis, that works out to $238,200 for every person in Canada.
For every dollar that Canadians had in disposable income in the second quarter, they owed almost $1.65, on average, Statistics Canada reported Friday. (KMR Photography/Flickr)
Though the debt figures are eye-popping, there's reason for optimism beneath the surface, Bank of Montreal economist Benjamin Reitzes said Friday.
By and large, Canadians are borrowing more to buy assets that are increasing in value by a greater amount, he said.
"Household net worth hit an all-time high of 768 per cent of disposable income," he said, adding that even despite the higher debt loads, Canadians' debt-to-asset ratio is still relatively low at 17.9 per cent.
"This implies that Canadian households have $5.59 of assets for every $1 of debt," Reitzes noted.
Of the hundreds of known octopus species, most are anti-social, practice safe sex (to avoid getting eaten by a mate) and lay just one clutch of eggs before dying.
The poorly understood larger Pacific striped octopus, however, seems to break from these conventions: They are somewhat social, they mate face-to-face, and the females produce multiple batches of offspring.
The octopus is so rare that science has yet to even give it a formal Latin name. But two California researchers are getting intimately acquainted with this creature; one is even breeding them in a spare bedroom at home, the San Francisco Chronicle recently reported.
Not only are these octopuses unusual in their behavior, but they are also striking in their appearance. "The larger Pacific striped octopus is the most beautiful octopus I have ever seen," Roy Caldwell, a professor of integrative biology at the University of California, Berkeley, who is studying the octopuses in a lab at the university, said in a prepared statement. These octopuses often show a bold black-and-white pattern—in stripes or spots—but can also put on various other displays, for mating or camouflage, for example.
The current moniker for these creatures alludes to the smaller but better-studied lesser Pacific striped octopus (Octopus chierchiae). Like the larger Pacific striped octopuses, which have arms spans of some eight to 10 inches, these pigmy octopuses live in intertidal areas in Nicaragua. The lesser Pacific striped octopus females have also been observed laying more than one small group of eggs in their lifespans, but they are not particularly social.
The larger Pacific striped octopuses seem not only to tolerate each other's presence but also actually to occasionally seek it out. Richard Ross, a biologist for the California Academy of Sciences' Steinhart Aquarium, has a 100-gallon tank at home; a male and female are currently cohabitating, and another male and two females are waiting in the wings.
"They can cohabitate in pairs," Caldwell told the Chronicle. "Groups of them are reported to live in colonies of 40 or more individuals." And, whereas most female octopuses die within weeks or months of laying eggs, "[these] females can lay clutches of eggs again and again," Caldwell noted.
The larger Pacific striped octopus also takes a novel approach to sex. Many species mate from afar—to avoid being eaten—with the male reaching his specialized hectocotylus arm into a female's mantel cavity. Some researchers have observed this move happening even while the two octopuses remained in their separate dens. In other species, a male will sidle up to a female or mount her to insert his arm tip.
But the larger Pacific striped octopus mates front-to-front, sucker-to-sucker, beak-to-beak. The male still makes use of his hectocotylus arm, but in this case, he does it from an otherwise risky position right near the female's mouth. "They seem to be rather pretty sexy," Caldwell told the Chronicle.
The recent scientific history of the larger Pacific striped octopus began in the 1970s, when Aradio Rodaniche, a biologist from Panama working at a Smithsonian Institute research station, observed these strange octopuses while scuba diving in Nicaragua. Rodaniche eventually wrote up some of his observations in a 1991 abstract for the Bulletin of Marine Science. But, Caldwell noted, what Rodaniche had described seemed so incongruous with other known octopus behaviors that his findings were pooh-poohed by researchers at the time, and the octopus passed, once again, into obscurity. Until last year, when Caldwell and Ross began working with the octopus again. "We are thrilled to confirm many of Rodaniche's observations," Ross said in a prepared statement.
The eggs laid in captivity have taken 20 to 50 days to hatch into small baby octopuses. The researchers are still experimenting with different food sources (hatchling octopuses are notoriously picky eaters, usually eschewing frozen foods that their adult parents would have happily devoured). "The really hard part is feeding them," Ross told the Chronicle. "If we can crack that mystery, it will open up all kinds of doors to raising them."
Rearing more familiar octopus species, such as the common octopus (Octopus vulgaris) and the giant Pacific octopus (Enteroctopus dolfeini), has also been tricky because they tend to eat one another, meaning if there are 50,000 octopus hatchlings, one would need 50,000 individual tanks to raise each baby octopus—or, say, 10 tanks to try to raise 10 chosen survivors. So, while trying accommodating this space demand and the young's picky palates, sustainable captive breeding programs have faltered, leaving researchers to rely primarily on wild-caught specimens. But with these seemingly social octopuses, scientists may have hit upon a species that will be more amiable to lab—or at least bedroom—breeding.
Caldwell and Ross are working on a formal species description of this surprising cephalopod. The researchers are also planning an expedition to observe them in their natural habitat in Nicaragua, where the octopuses live in the murky waters near the mouths of rivers.
In the meantime, Ross hopes to contribute some of the progeny from his at-home efforts to the Steinhart Aquarium at the California Academy of Sciences, "so the public can see those rare animals, too," he said.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=voTpUH9Ok4c
Illustration courtesy of Ivan Phillipsen
As football season creeps closer and closer, the excitement begins to rise as well. The SEC Network added to the excitement by releasing the times of the first three games of season.
The Gamecocks will kick off the season on Thursday, Septemeber 3 with the Belk College Kickoff Game in Charlotte, NC against a very win hungry North Carolina team. The game starts at 6 p.m. ET on ESPN.
The Gamecocks home opener against Kentucky will be broadcast on Sept. 12 at 7:30 p.m. on the SEC Network. South Carolina hasn't lost at home to Kentucky since 1999, and holds a 17-8-1 all-time advantage over the Wildcats. The Gamecocks are coming off an upsetting loss last year in Lexington and are looking to redeem themselves at home.
The third game of the season will be played in Athens against the Georgia Bulldogs on September 19. Kick off will be at 6 p.m. and will be broadcasted on ESPN. The Gamecocks have won four of the last five games against the Bulldogs, and their last loss was while playing in Athens.
“We are here for the people and will continue to deliver,” Mr. Giuliano said. “Any potential attack against us would be against the people of Pakistan, whom we are here to assist.”
Hard-line groups in Pakistan have tried to assert their influence amid the chaos created by the floods, with the Taliban urging people to reject aid from the United States, and Islamic groups stepping in to provide aid in the breach left by the government's faltering response.
Photo
Azam Tariq, a spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban, told The Associated Press on Thursday that the United States and other groups providing aid had ulterior motives.
“No relief is reaching the affected people, and when the victims are not receiving help, then this horde of foreigners is not acceptable to us at all,” he told The A.P. “When we say something is unacceptable to us one can draw his own conclusion.”
More evacuations have taken place in Sindh Province, in the south, as the swelling waters of the Indus River have pushed tens of thousands more people from their homes.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Around 40,000 people are on the move Thursday as floodwater inundated dozens of villages and threatened three main towns in the district,” Fawad Hussein, a spokesman for the United Nations humanitarian agency, said by telephone from Sindh. “The number can rise to 100,000.”
The Indus River flows through Thatta District in Sindh Province. The towns of Sujawal, Bathoro and Daro also were in danger of being overrun by floodwaters, Mr. Hussein said.
Monsoon rains led to flooding that began in late July in Pakistan. An estimated 1,600 people have been killed and about 17 million have been affected across the country, according to United Nations estimates.
The evacuations that began Thursday are likely to worsen the overcrowding in the camps where flood victims have gathered across Pakistan.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The aid group Doctors Without Borders posted on its Web site a dispatch from one its workers that described increasingly dire health conditions at a camp in Baluchistan Province in the north. A lack of clean drinking water was creating health problems in the town of Dera Murad Jamali, the organization said.
Eye movement in reading involves the visual processing of written text. This was described by the French ophthalmologist Louis Émile Javal in the late 19th century. He reported that eyes do not move continuously along a line of text, but make short, rapid movements (saccades) intermingled with short stops (fixations). Javal's observations were characterised by a reliance on naked-eye observation of eye movement in the absence of technology. From the late 19th to the mid-20th century, investigators used early tracking technologies to assist their observation, in a research climate that emphasised the measurement of human behaviour and skill for educational ends. Most basic knowledge about eye movement was obtained during this period. Since the mid-20th century, there have been three major changes: the development of non-invasive eye-movement tracking equipment; the introduction of computer technology to enhance the power of this equipment to pick up, record, and process the huge volume of data that eye movement generates; and the emergence of cognitive psychology as a theoretical and methodological framework within which reading processes are examined. Sereno & Rayner (2003) believed that the best current approach to discover immediate signs of word recognition is through recordings of eye movement and event-related potential.
History [ edit ]
Until the second half of the 19th century, researchers had at their disposal three methods of investigating eye movement. The first, unaided observation, yielded only small amounts of data that would be considered unreliable by today's scientific standards. This lack of reliability arises from the fact that eye movement occurs frequently, rapidly, and over small angles, to the extent that it is impossible for an experimenter to perceive and record the data fully and accurately without technological assistance. The other method was self-observation, now considered to be of doubtful status in a scientific context. Despite this, some knowledge appears to have been produced from introspection and naked-eye observation. For example, Ibn al Haytham, a medical man in 11th-century Egypt, is reported to have written of reading in terms of a series of quick movements and to have realised that readers use peripheral as well as central vision.[1]
Leonardo da Vinci: The eye has a central line and everything that reaches the eye through this central line can be seen distinctly.
Leonardo da Vinci (1452–1519) may have been the first in Europe to recognize certain special optical qualities of the eye. He derived his insights partly through introspection but mainly through a process that could be described as optical modelling. Based on dissection of the human eye he made experiments with water-filled crystal balls. He wrote "The function of the human eye, ... was described by a large number of authors in a certain way. But I found it to be completely different."[2]
His main experimental finding was that there is only a distinct and clear vision at the "line-of-sight", the optical line that ends at the fovea. Although he did not use these words literally he actually is the father of the modern distinction between foveal vision (a more precise term for central vision) and peripheral vision. However, Leonardo did not know that the retina is the sensible layer, he still believed that the lens is the organ of vision.
There appear to be no records of eye movement research until the early 19th century. At first, the chief concern was to describe the eye as a physiological and mechanical moving object, the most serious attempt being Hermann von Helmholtz's major work Handbook of physiological optics (1866). The physiological approach was gradually superseded by interest in the psychological aspects of visual input, in eye movement as a functional component of visual tasks.
The subsequent decades saw more elaborate attempts to interpret eye movement, including a claim that meaningful text requires fewer fixations to read than random strings of letters.[3] In 1879, the French ophthalmologist Louis Émile Javal used a mirror on one side of a page to observe eye movement in silent reading, and found that it involves a succession of discontinuous individual movements for which he coined the term saccades. In 1898, Erdmann & Dodge used a hand-mirror to estimate average fixation duration and saccade length with surprising accuracy.
Early tracking technology [ edit ]
Eye tracking device is a tool created to help measure eye and head movements. The first devices for tracking eye movement took two main forms: those that relied on a mechanical connection between participant and recording instrument, and those in which light or some other form of electromagnetic energy was directed at the participant's eyes and its reflection measured and recorded. In 1883, Lamare was the first to use a mechanical connection, by placing a blunt needle on the participant's upper eyelid. The needle picked up the sound produced by each saccade and transmitted it as a faint clicking to the experimenter's ear through an amplifying membrane and a rubber tube. The rationale behind this device was that saccades are easier to perceive and register aurally than visually.[4] In 1889, Edmund B. Delabarre invented a system of recording eye movement directly onto a rotating drum by means of a stylus with a direct mechanical connection to the cornea.[5] Other devices involving physical contact with the surface of the eyes were developed and used from the end of the 19th century until the late 1920s; these included such items as rubber balloons and eye caps.
Mechanical systems suffered three serious disadvantages: questionable accuracy due to slippage of the physical connection, the considerable discomfort caused to participants by the direct mechanical connection (and consequently great difficulty in persuading people to participate), and issues of ecological validity, since participants' experience of reading in trials was significantly different from the normal reading experience. Despite these drawbacks, mechanical devices were used in eye movement research well into the 20th century.
Attempts were soon made to overcome these problems. One solution was to use electromagnetic energy rather than a mechanical connection. In the "Dodge technique", a beam of light was directed at the cornea, focused by a system of lenses and then recorded on a moveable photographic plate. Erdmann & Dodge[6] used this technique to claim that there is little or no perception during saccades, a finding that was later confirmed by Utall & Smith using more sophisticated equipment. The photographic plate in the Dodge technique was soon replaced with a film camera, but was still plagued by problems of accuracy, due to the difficulty of keeping all parts of the equipment perfectly aligned throughout a trial and accurately compensating for the distortion caused by the diffractive qualities of photographic lenses. In addition, it was usually necessary to restrain a participant's head by using an uncomfortable bite-bar or head-clamp.
In 1922, Schott pioneered a further advance called electro-oculography (EOG), a method of recording the electrical potential between the cornea and the retina.[7] Electrodes may be covered with special contact paste before being placed on the skin. So, it is now unnecessary to make incisions in patient's skin. Common misconception about EOG is that measured potential is the electromyogram of extraocular muscles. In fact, it is only the projection of eye dipole to the skin, because higher frequencies, corresponding to EMG, are filtered out. EOG delivered considerable improvements in accuracy and reliability, which explain its continued use by experimentalists for many decades.[8][9][10]
Modern eye tracking [ edit ]
Four major cognitive systems are involved in eye movement during reading: language processing, attention, vision, and oculomotor control.[11] Eye trackers bounce near infrared light off the interior of the eyeball, and monitor the reflection on the eye to determine gaze location. With this technique, the position of a fixation on a screen can be precisely determined.[12] Wang (2011) mentioned that a video-based eye-tracker which uses video cameras to record the eye position of human subjects—recording pupil dilation and eye movement—can be used to examine how fixations, saccades, and pupil dilation responses are related to the information on the screen and behavioral choices. According to Wang (2011:185), "understanding the relationship between these observables can help us to understand how human behavior in the economy can be affected by what information people acquire, where their attention is focused, what emotional state they are in, and even what brain activity they are engaged in. This is because fixations and saccades (matched with information shown on screen) indicate how people acquire information (and what they see), time lengths of fixations indicate attention, and pupil dilation responses indicate emotion, arousal, stress, pain, or cognitive load."[citation needed]
Saccades [ edit ]
Horizontal eye movement in reading. Left-to-right movement may be seen as "upstairs", and right-to-left saccades are clear.
Skilled readers move their eyes during reading on the average of every quarter of a second. During the time that the eye is fixated, new information is brought into the processing system. Although the average fixation duration is 200–250 ms (thousandths of a second), the range is from 100 ms to over 500 ms.[13] The distance the eye moves in each saccade (or short rapid movement) is between 1 and 20 characters with the average being 7–9 characters. The saccade lasts for 20–40 ms and during this time vision is suppressed so that no new information is acquired.[14] There is considerable variability in fixations (the point at which a saccade jumps to) and saccades between readers and even for the same person reading a single passage of text. Skilled readers make regressions back to material already read about 15 percent of the time. The main difference between faster and slower readers is that the latter group consistently shows longer average fixation durations, shorter saccades, and more regressions.[15] These basic facts about eye movement have been known for almost a hundred years, but only recently have researchers begun to look at eye movement behavior as a reflection of cognitive processing during reading.[16]
A diagram demonstrating the acuity of foveal vision in reading
The lower line of text simulates the acuity of vision with the relative acuity percentages. The difficulty of recognizing text increases with the distance from the fixation point.[17]
Dyslexia [ edit ]
People with dyslexia generally suffer from a decreased reading speed, which can be caused by many different variables. There are many remedies to try and combat these deficits, depending on what biological theory of dyslexia they are based on. One such idea is based on magnocellular deficit, where magnocellular pathways are uncoordinated, causing the skipping or re-reading of lines.[18]
Computer models of eye movement in reading [ edit ]
Competition–interaction theory and SERIF emphasise low level oculomotor processes in reading such as how the word length of the currently fixated word and its neighbour words affect saccade amplitude and latency (or fixation duration).[19][citation needed] Reader, EMMA, E-Z Reader and SWIFT emphasise higher level cognitive processes such as lexical processing, word frequency, word parsing or word predictability.[citation needed]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
1948: Columbia Records puts the needle down on history's first successful microgroove plastic, 12-inch, 33-1/3 LPs in New York, sparking a music-industry standard so strong that the digital age has yet to kill it.
See also: Photo Gallery
Best Album Art of All TimeColumbia engineer Peter Carl Goldmark set out with his staff in 1939 to evolve the 78-rpm record forward to 33-1/3 rpm, extend playback time to more than 20 minutes per side, and shrink vinyl grooves to an accessible, acceptable millimeter size.
Before that time, music labels, including Columbia and RCA Victor, had failed to launch commercially successful 33-1/3 records to market, for various reasons. Although RCA Victor debuted the first commercially available vinyl long-player designed for playback at 33-1/3 in 1931, the Great Depression shelved that ambitious project in 1933.
"When I became general manager of the Victor Division of RCA on July 1, 1933, my first act was to take them off the market," American Records Corporation president Edward Wallerstein explained. "Most of the records were made from Victorlac, a vinyl compound [and] the pickups available at that time were so heavy they just cut through the material after several plays. The complaints from customers all over the U.S. were so terrific that we were forced to withdraw the LPs."
Columbia released 33-1/3 10-inchers, but quickly phased them out in 1932, thanks to similarly maddening technical difficulties. The commercial public would not be able to consume and listen to sturdier, lengthier LPs for another 15 years. First, it had to deal with political and economic misery.
The Great Depression and World War II slowed everything down, including Goldmark's team and its microgroove innovations. But once the war ended, the record business boomed, pulling in more than $10 million in sales by 1945. Cue the applause track.
When Columbia was finally freed from geopolitical conflict and able to resolve the LP's previous technical difficulties – pickups that were too heavy, grooves that were too wide, playback times that were too short, and audio fidelity that was too crappy – everything changed.
"Goldmark assigned individual researchers to individual problems: cutting-motor and stylus design, pickup design, turntable design, amplifier, radius equalization," Martin Mayer wrote in a history of the LP published by High Fidelity Magazine in 1958. "The 33-1/3 speed had been established before work began, and it already had become clear that a very narrow groove, something like the .003 inch groove finally adopted, would be necessary to record 22 minutes of music to a side."
Eventual Columbia president Goddard Lieberson introduced the label's masterful LP evolution at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in 1948, and the commercially available long-playing record went supernova. Eventually, Columbia copyrighted the term LP outright, denying other labels recourse to use a ubiquitous industry buzzword to market their individual releases.
Cue the laugh track.
Source: Various
Photo: The first microgroove LP pressing released was Columbia ML4001, the Mendelssohn Violin Concerto in E Minor with soloist Nathan Milstein, and Bruno Walter conducting the Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra of New York. Courtesy 33audio.com
See Also:
But it turned out that Republican voters didn't want True Conservatism any more than they wanted Bushism 2.0. Maybe they would have wanted it from a candidate with more charisma and charm and less dogged unlikability. But the entire Trump phenomenon suggests otherwise, and Trump as the presumptive nominee is basically a long proof against the True Conservative theory of the Republican Party.
Trump proved that movement conservative ideas and litmus tests don't really have any purchase on millions of Republican voters. Again and again, Cruz and the other G.O.P. candidates stressed that Trump wasn't really a conservative; they listed his heresies, cataloged his deviations, dug up his barely buried liberal past. No doubt this case resonated with many Republicans. But not with nearly enough of them to make Cruz the nominee.
Trump proved that many evangelical voters, supposedly the heart of a True Conservative coalition, are actually not really values voters or religious conservatives after all, and that the less frequently evangelicals go to church, the more likely they are to vote for a philandering sybarite instead of a pastor's son. Cruz would probably be on his way to the Republican nomination if he had simply carried the Deep South. But unless voters were in church every Sunday, Trump's identity politics had more appeal than Cruz's theological-political correctness.
Trump proved that many of the party's moderates and establishmentarians hate the thought of a True Conservative nominee even more than they fear handing the nomination to a proto-fascist grotesque with zero political experience and poor impulse control. That goes for the prominent politicians who refused to endorse Cruz, the prominent donors who sat on their hands once the field narrowed and all the moderate-Republican voters in blue states who turned out to be #NeverCruz first and #NeverTrump less so or even not at all.
Finally, Trump proved that many professional True Conservatives, many of the same people who flayed RINOs and demanded purity throughout the Obama era, were actually just playing a convenient part. From Fox News' 10 p.m. hour to talk radio to the ranks of lesser pundits, a long list of people who should have been all-in for Cruz on ideological grounds either flirted with Trump, affected neutrality or threw down their cloaks for the Donald to stomp over to the nomination. Cruz thought he would have a movement behind him, but part of that movement was actually a racket, and Trumpistas were simply better marks.
Cruz will be back, no doubt. He's young, he's indefatigable, and he can claim — and will claim, on the 2020 hustings — that True Conservatism has as yet been left untried. But that will be a half-truth; it isn't being tried this year because the Republican Party's voters have rejected him and it, as they rejected another tour for Bushism when they declined to back Rubio and Jeb.
What remains, then, is Trumpism. Which is also, in its lurching, sometimes insightful, often wicked way, a theory of what kind of party the Republicans should become, and one that a plurality of Republicans have now actually voted to embrace.
Whatever reckoning awaits the G.O.P. and conservatism after 2016 will have to begin with that brute fact. Where the reckoning goes from there — well, now is a time for pundit humility, so your guess is probably as good as mine.
Save money by eating less
iStock.com/pawel_p
Editor's note: Each week, a Bankrate personal finance reporter is writing about a new way to save and chronicling the savings journey.
Packing calories into your pie hole can be cheap. Or, it can be absurdly expensive. And the healthier that one tries to eat, the more costly sustenance becomes.
Who hasn't looked at their wallet, or waistline, despairingly and thought, “What's with the eating? It takes up so much money, time and energy. Is there a way to eat less in order to save money?”
In fact, there is a way to eat less. It could save you money, perhaps lengthen your life and definitely help you drop pounds.
I decided to try it to see if I could save money.
Eat less, live longer?
iStock.com/loooby
Recently, researchers at the University of Southern California found that periodic fasting, or a diet that mimics it, can slow some of the symptoms of aging.
“Some recent studies show that short-term fasting, as well as calorie restriction, can greatly reduce levels of body chronic inflammation that contributes to many diseases such as heart disease, cancer, diabetes, insulin resistance, Alzheimer's disease and others. Chronic inflammation has also been suggested to be a major cause of the aging process,” says Brad Pilon, author of “Eat Stop Eat,” a guide to using intermittent fasting to lose fat and build muscle.
“So, intermittent fasting or healthy dieting that leads to weight loss can be your best natural tools for combating chronic inflammation and possibly extending your life span,” he says.
Food fasts
iStock.com/s-dmit
Intermittent fasting can be a tool to tackle the chore of eating less in a systematic way. In a nutshell, intermittent fasting involves not eating for a scheduled amount of time every so often.
I've had success with intermittent fasting in the past. Really, it's my own weak-sauce version: skipping dinner once or twice during the workweek. Because it's not a daily exercise in willpower, it makes dropping a couple of pounds easier. Bonus: No meals need to be cooked or dishes washed.
“Intermittent fasting can offer a variety of health benefits, such as a reduction in belly fat, or visceral fat, improved blood glucose control, and a healthy rate of weight loss without the feeling of deprivation,” says Erin Palinski-Wade, registered dietitian and author of the “Belly Fat Diet for Dummies.”
“This type of fasting involves eating your normal meals and snacks 5 days out of the week with fasting just 2 days. A fasting day is a day very low in calories,” she says.
Pilon recommends 2 full-day fasts per week.
But what about the money?
iStock.com/????? ????????
Eating less can be enlightening. I'm planning to start by skipping 1 dinner per week, as dinner is where I typically splurge, and I think a whole day may be more than I can handle.
Cooking for 2 people, I'd say dinner costs are roughly $5 per person, per meal. That amount is on the high side, and I'm looking to save some bucks.
“Obviously, people who fast or diet will save their money since they will eat less food, and thus they need to buy less food in the long run,” Pilon says.
But how much can you save?
“If you take 1 or 2 24-hour fasts in a week, you can expect to eat around 14% or 28% calories less, respectively, for that week. So you will save from 14% to 28% of your weekly food budget as long as you don't seriously overeat or binge on non-fasting days,” Pilon says.
Who wouldn't like to save a quarter of their grocery budget every week?
So did I do it?
iStock.com/elenaleonova
I did it! I skipped dinner, and I'm happy that I did. Like most of these challenges, the idea can be more daunting than the reality. I'm not sure that this would add up to big savings over time for me. But if someone was disciplined about their budget and diet, that person would likely see more savings.
My experiment ran just 1 day, mostly because I enjoy eating and had some tasty opportunities. I will do a more thorough 24-hour fast in the future. Thanks to the savings experiment, I have more confidence about cutting back a bit on food.
Of course, cutting fat in your diet and in your budget can be as simple as making 1 or 2 changes.
“Calorie restriction can be done in a healthy way by identifying the foods in your diet that provide significant calories with little to no nutrient value. For instance, cutting out one 16-ounce bottle of soda per day can save 185 calories without reducing your intake of any essential nutrients,” Palinski-Wade says.
If you factor in the vending machine cost of $1.50 per bottle, a working person could save nearly $365 annually, she says.
With a couple of small changes like that, you may not even notice that you're establishing good habits and saving money.
Hello everyone,sorry for the long silence, we had to transition to a new project and couldn't find the time to do the updates we wanted. Now finally that our new project has been revealed, we can go back and do necessary updates to Block'hood.The latest update addresses things that the community has requested.Hope to do more fixes if necessary soon,Update notes:-New resource exchange between 'hood in world mode. All hoods are interconnected creating surplus and deficits between each other.-Re-balancing of resource inputs / outputs-Bug fixes
About This Game Block'hood is a neighborhood-building simulator that celebrates the diversity and experimentation of cities and the unique ecosystems within them. Budding city planners will have access to 200+ building blocks to arrange and combine and to create unique neighborhoods and discover the implications of their designs. The game will embark on a story of ecology and understanding as additional resources are always needed to unlock new blocks, configurations, and combinations to create more prosperous neighborhoods. Throughout the design process, players will need to avoid the decay of their city blocks by making sure each unit doesn't run out of resources and become a strain on the complimentary units around them.
Envision Your Neighborhood: Consider what Blocks are necessary for your neighborhood to thrive. There are no boundaries of what you can create with an expanding library of 200+ blocks.
Generate Resources: Each Block you create has inputs and outputs and by understanding how each block is dependent on other blocks, you can create a productive network. Optimize your production and generate abundant resources for the dozens of intricate symbiotic relationships in your neighborhood
Avoid Decay: If blocks don't receive the inputs they need, they will decay over time and slowly become abandoned or destroyed. Once a block is abandoned or destroyed, you will have to remove it and avoid it from making other blocks decay further. Be careful as seeking an utopian neighborhood carelessly, can lead to dystopia.
Unique Modes: Neighborhood designers can enjoy the new Story Mode, Sandbox Mode, and Challenge Mode with modes for unique and engaging experience for players of all types.
Image copyright Twitter/@Hawazen_Q8 Image caption User @Hawazen__Q8 tweeted this photo along with fighting words: "Show me the man who started this hashtag!"
Thousands of Saudi men are trying to drive women off Twitter - but the effort seems to have backfired.
Gender segregation is the norm in Saudi Arabia, and it appears some people want that to extend to social media networks too. An Arabic hashtag which translates as "We don't want girls on Twitter" was mentioned almost 400,000 times over the weekend. Its origins are unclear - BBC Trending couldn't locate the first tweet using the tag.
But it didn't quite go as those behind it seemed to have intended - in fact many of those who joined in seemed to be against the segregation of the sexes online. Women took to tweeting jokes decrying the tag, and some men pitched in as well.
"Why? What have we done?" cried one user with mocking emojis.
"This is the person who started the hashtag," tweeted another, above a picture of a goat.
One user pointed out a maxim heeded by advert writers and nightclub owners the world over. "If there were no girls on Twitter," said @arts121, "no man will sign up."
Some women also started a hashtag "We don't want men on Twitter" in retaliation - but it only gathered around 1,500 tweets.
Reporting by Mai Noman
Blog by Mike Wendling
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @BBCtrending.
All our stories are at bbc.com/trending
I am a black American woman from a working class and poor background. I can never separate those identities; they operate all at once. Though it's critical to create a community where working class people and black people can coexist and share resources, I know that, even if we operate in a class struggle where I've achieved parity with white middle-class workers, I'll still occasionally experience racism in some form about my body in public spaces. Henry Louis Gates was arrested outside his own home in 2009 because his Cambridge neighbor didn't recognize him and called the police. He wasn't new to the neighborhood. He teaches at Harvard.
When a white person says they don't see race, that's racist: sameness is an erasure when stark numbers – like the disproportionate police killings of black people – show that we don't all exist in the world with equal safeguards and privileges. Black Lives Matter is a vision for valuing the lives of black and brown people, for whom a trip to work for the fair wages for which we all fought for can end with a black woman in a body bag from a botched traffic stop (and the only reason we know it was botched because there was a dashboard camera and a body camera video to prove it).
So when I was following a Twitter discussion between an African American, progressive Black Lives Matter supporter (and a likely Sanders supporter) and a white, progressive Sanders supporter, I felt my anger start to rise when the white progressive referred to Black Lives Matter as “your movement”. They were tweeting about the controversial protest action initiated by two women in Seattle: the African American acquaintance stated that the purpose of the protest was to advance the visibility and message of police violence black and brown communities face; the other vehemently responded that the action alienates the very candidate that would support “your movement”.
It's always only “your movement” when the movement centers on racism and critiques of structural racism with American civil society; it's “our movement” when it focused on economic inequality.
But it's too simple to view class struggle without constantly acknowledging the kind of disproportionate terror and discrimination people of color face as workers and citizens demanding equal protections. The 25,000-plus masses that attend Sanders rallies are mostly white, and from following a series of comments and discussions on social media, it seems that many are ignorant to how income inequality, fair wages, housing opportunities and education overlap with disproportionate levels of discrimination that black and brown communities experience. Racism and capitalism are fire and air. They cannot exist without the other. Social democrats may ideologically align with black issues and causes on the surface but they feel loathed to apply a critical analysis of racism on the same footing as their class one.
Jennifer Roesch, writing for the Jacobin, rightly and presciently points out this cognitive dissonance:
‘Economic inequality' is an inadequate phrase to capture the sheer brutality of this process, and the idea that racial inequality is a symptom of it fails to capture the dynamics by which capitalism was established in the United States and by which it is sustained. Racism is not merely a product of economic inequality, but also part of how that inequality is produced and maintained. It is so woven into the fabric of capitalism that the system itself must be dismantled. But at the same time, a socialist project in this country can only be successful if it is accompanied by a struggle for black liberation.
My anger at white progressive responses with efforts to engage Sanders and his supports on race issues – like with the Seattle protest anger – is an old one, rooted in previous discussions and electoral cycles, where I've been on the receiving end of good, well-meaning white folk who insist that my priorities are flawed because I demand the inclusion of an analysis of racism in the struggle for equality when I “should” really center it on the identity of the worker and worker's rights. In past heated exchanges – before I was overpowered by the bellicose booming voice of a white male ally or bro, and I checked out – what was revealed in that exchange is how many people view race and class as separate things in American society.
Labor unions have a noble history of fighting for fair wages and conditions for American workers – but, like every American story, they have a spotty and questionable history in allowing blacks and women equal opportunity to participate and compete for wages and work. Early in the American Federation of Labor's history, union membership for black workers was excluded. That policy gradually ended through the formation of the Committee for Industrial Organization in 1935; yet, as late as the early 2000s, I witnessed community board members from Harlem in New York City insist that recruitment by trade unions for local black Harlem residents remained lackluster and ineffectual.
Sanders participated in a critical moment in our history; he marched with Martin Luther King 50 years ago, as his usually white supporters like to remind African American liberals at every opportunity. I can't tell you decade by decade precisely what his civil rights record has been since; I'm inclined to believe that his voting record has shown great consistency, from voting to renew the voting rights act to supporting civil rights and fair housing protections. I've felt and believe him to be an ally. However, I think as a voter considering his candidacy to be the next American president, I'm asking him to show me evidence of his depth of commitment to my concerns for criminal justice reform by directly speaking to this moment where criminal justice reform and income inequality intersect.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest At a rally Monday night in Los Angeles, Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders pledged to fight harder than any other candidate to end institutional racism
Arguably, Sanders was less of the target of the message from the Netroots and Seattle Black Lives Matter protesters than were his supporters and their professed allyship. Those Seattle supporters, for instance, proceeded to prove the protesters' point when they produced a counter chant to drown out the message from possible and probable future BLM protests at Sanders rallies: “Which side are you on?”
(Which Side Are You On? is a song written by Florence Reece during the Harlan County coal miner's strike in 1931, which was also sung during the Civil Rights Movement – notably during the Selma marches – and, most recently, adapted in the art protest action by folks in St Louis after the Mike Brown murder.)
Sanders has adopted the language from the movement to articulate his vision to address this criticism, but it falls short of defining specific actions to dismantle structural racism with any real clarity. Former Maryland governor and fellow democratic candidate Martin O'Malley, whose actual record in criminal justice is worthy of intense scrutiny, has put forth a tangible plan that actually speaks to the intersections of income equality and criminal justice reform. O'Malley, whose public appearance last month was also “disrupted” by Black Lives Matter protests, has often more adeptly responded to criticism from movement leaders and actors than Sanders.
Sanders's base of supporters display a rather simplistic understanding of the stakes that black voters – and specifically, black progressives – feel in this moment. Their critiques are paternalistic in character, most notably from Gawker's Hamilton Nolan, who charged “don't piss on your best friend”, to others who provide a truncated and myopic history lesson of liberal support for black causes that drip with condescension and the presumption of blacks' loyalty for their past efforts, even though the crisis for black and brown communities has not abated. And within those critiques demonizing Black Lives Matter protesters and sympathizers, many white progressives reveal their near-religious simplicity, embracing the gospel that wealth redistribution will magically erase racism, bias and difference.
Such white progressives should re-read Martin Luther King Jr's A Letter From a Birmingham Jail before commenting, and meditate on King's meaning of the “silence of good people”. I'd ask that, instead of demanding black voters' unquestioning loyalty to Sanders, they interrogate what racism is before demurring to a class analysis that still leaves my working-class family members dead in the street.
(Updated – Public hearing on Concord 5B West lands to continue on Wednesday, June 11th at 4pm starting with speaker #43.) The False Creek Residents Association (FCRA) today issued a media release calling on Vancouver's Mayor Gregor Roberton to disqualify Councillor Geoff Meggs from the June 10 Public Hearing on a major proposal by Concord Pacific seeking a rezoning to build two towers (28 and 30 storeys) by False Creek. Meggs had written a blog post in support of the proposal, but it has been subsequently removed. FCRA says that with Meggs' post there is sufficient appearance of bias and misconduct to warrant an official response. (See related post: Concord Pacific: Corporate social responsibility, integrity and governance.)
Some points of the media release are summarized below, but readers are encouraged to go straight to the FCRA website for the whole version. Related story in the Georgia Straight: “Councillor Geoff Meggs accused of “bias” before public hearing on Concord Pacific project” (Carlito Pablo, 9-June-2014). Emily Jackson reports in Metro News Vancouver (“Residents cry foul over Vancouver councillor's blog post”) that the City's legal department is reviewing the situation.
This is a critical issue. As we have described elsewhere and on our About page, Vancouver has serious problems that could even be characterized as systemic corruption. Developers are the largest funders of the two top political parties in Vancouver, and Vancouver civic elections (next one is November 15, 2014, for a four year term) have the most money spent per voter of all civic elections in North America. One of any municipal government's top functions is to regulate land use, in the public interest. Mayor and Council are regulators. Developers are the regulated. Regulators should never be funded by those they regulate. Concord Pacific is a major political donor for Vision Vancouver.
The fact that an influential member of the Vision Vancouver caucus has already implied that he supports the rezoning application, and the fact that Vision Vancouver members (with 8 of 11 votes on City Council) have never strayed from a block vote, suggests that the decision has already been made internally by Vision Vancouver BEFORE the public hearing. Is this to be permitted?
From the media release:
Under the Vancouver Charter, (sec 566), the public is entitled to be heard prior to any rezoning decisions. These Public Hearings are quasi-judicial proceedings and Councillors are expected to act in accordance with procedural fairness and natural justice. Simply put, this means that:
Councillors are to maintain their neutrality until they have full information in an equitable and transparent manner.
No one Councillor is to be given information aside from that provided to ALL councillors.
There are to be no private conversations, no lobbying, and certainly no pontificating by Councillors beforehand.
A Public Hearing is scheduled for June 10, 2014 on Concord Pacific's development proposal for 998 Expo Blvd. City of Vancouver Planning staff are recommending that Council approves this application for rezoning.
In a blog posting on Friday, June 6, Councillor Meggs quoted extensively from the staff report. He tweeted the FCRA on the subject of the report. “I was shocked to see this posting, and to receive a tweet from Councillor Meggs about it”, said Fern Jeffries, Co-Chair of the False Creek Residents Association.
Read full text on FCRA website:
http://www.falsecreekresidents.org/2014/06/09/fcra-calls-on-mayor-disqualify-councillor-meggs-from-hearing-on-concord-pacifics-rezoning-application/
False Creek Residents Association
website: www.falsecreekresidents.org
Twitter: @FalseCreekRes
Facebook: FalseCreekRes
****************
Municipal lawyer Jonathan Baker has written on this topic, in “Open Minds or Open Heads” (31-Oct-2012)
http://jonathan-baker.blogspot.ca/2012/10/open-minds-or-empty-heads.html
CityHallWatch has addressed it in the past too. For example..
City democracy – unanswered question #1 – Public Hearings as a shield to separate the public from elected officials
Related stories on Concord Pacific…
Questions, concerns about Concord Pacific's 998 Expo Boulevard – 5B West proposal (2 towers). Why no Creekside Park? (Public Hearing 10-June-2014)
False Creek Residents Association publishes BC Supreme Court petition online, regarding park and Concord Pacific land
Green light district – Residents wanting their park from Concord Pacific start awareness campaign
Concord lands on False Creek assessed at $1: Joke or reality? (Answer: No joke!)
Fightful.com has been given details of a set of recent meetings WWE conducted in an effort to protect their Superstars.
At this week's Raw and Smackdown shows, the WWE held mandatory meetings for Superstars and on-screen talent, as to prevent future hacks and leaks. In the past several months, nearly a dozen former or current employees have had private content released on the internet.
There were several drills, many of which educated the talent on how to avoid phishing scams. Tips on how to spot fake websites, offers, and scams were also provided.
Phones, USB drives, and other hardware as gifts weren't outright prohibited, but were strongly recommended against, with one of the lines being "I don't care if Brad Pitt or Angelina Jolie give it to you, it's not safe." Similar methods have been used to hack many celebrities. The company has made changes to moral policies as it pertains to social media, but not everyone has signed them as of now.
WWE also made it clear that only the talent themselves and WWE's team should be able to access their social media -- not friends, boyfriends, husbands, wives, children, or family, regardless of circumstance.
Fightful.com was told that the meetings didn't scold talent in any way, and were fairly light hearted considering the content that was addressed. WWE brought in specialists to answer any questions that their contractors have.
The talent that Fightful heard from said they considered the meeting productive, as there are many on the roster who aren't tech savvy.
It's not privilege, it's hard work that got me where I am today
I recently wrote an article published in the Chapman University newspaper that ignited a firestorm. I had written about how dissent on campus has been shut down in the name of inclusion and diversity, and because of this silencing of opposing ideas, echo chambers that breed radicalism have flourished.
I called for equality in evaluating opinions, but this plea was denounced by my peers as hardline racism and ignorance, with one commonly used label levied against me: Privileged white male.
Many of my peers of color and their progressive allies said I had no right to offer my opinion because I am a male with white skin, so according to them I don't know what it's like to face challenges. I should just shut up and support them.
Yes, I do enjoy privilege — as an American. I live in the greatest country in the world with the most opportunity and fairness.
But my critics incorrectly assumed that my male whiteness gave me some special attributes that made my argument meaningless. I was just another dissenter whose critics racially condemned me without knowing anything about me.
My alleged privilege does not mean money grows on trees in my family. They have no idea that I worked part-time at a sandwich shop during high school to save money for college. This is in addition to taking mostly AP classes — prompting three-plus hours of homework a night. I also managed to squeeze in playing a varsity sport.
My alleged privilege did not allow me to skate through high school. My nights, weekends and nearly all of my spare time was spent either writing essays for AP classes, asking a customer if she'd like her sandwich “Mike's Way,” or spending another four hours of my day on the golf course (with clubs I paid for myself after using my grandfather's old hand-me-down set).
My alleged privilege did not make it any easier for me to get into a college after high school. Like my Asian-American peers, if you're white, it's well understood that your ACT or SAT scores must be much higher than peers of color. So I spent roughly 10 hours a week for over a month preparing for the ACT in addition to everything else I had going on.
My alleged privilege still wasn't enough for me to afford to attend Chapman all four years. It simply was not financially feasible for my family and me, despite the fact that I was admitted as a freshman and had been offered a very generous, partial academic scholarship. Unlike my privileged critics at Chapman University, I was not able to attend the same school as them for all four years and live on campus.
So with my alleged privilege, I started at a community college my freshman year to save money.
My alleged privilege still does not mean I get to live in the dorms. I live at home and take the city bus to and from school to save even more money.
The stereotype is that all Orange County kids have everything handed to them, but that is not the case. The kids that do have everything handed to them don't have this great privilege because they are white, rather because they are wealthy. That's called upper-class privilege.
Many of my peers of color who accused me of white privilege enjoy upper-class privilege. As I stated in my article, white privilege is commonly confused with upper-class privilege, which nearly every Chapman student benefits from, with a median parental income of $149,800, which is in the top 3.8 percent of all U.S. colleges.
To accuse someone of being disconnected with the struggles of a group, when the accuser has had virtually the exact same — if not more — privileges as the accused, is an ironic and hypocritical proposition.
As a sophomore this year at Chapman University, my critics judge me by the color of my skin, not by the merit of my argument. They have no idea about the hard work I put in to get here, the financial struggles I faced, the sacrifices I've made. They don't know and they don't care. They see white skin and they decide I should shut up.
After the article came out there was talk of punching me in the face, of ambushing me on campus. But I would do it all over again. I refuse to dance around what I believe. I have seen so many students be intimidated into never voicing what they believe because they are fearful of facing the type of response that I got.
The only way to end this type of authoritatively enforced groupthink is to voice the truth that these progressive students and professors have tried so very hard to suppress. I refuse to be silenced by the true oppressors of free speech and dissent.
MORE: White, male student under fire for defending diversity of thought: ‘punchable, drag him, expel him'
Read More
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
news The Queensland Government has explicitly banned its departments and agencies from entering into any new contracts with diversified IT products and services company IBM until the company demonstrates that it has improved its governance and contracting practices, in an extraordinary move taking place in the wake of the Queensland Health payroll disaster which IBM held a key role in.
Queensland Health's payroll systems upgrade project was first kicked off in late 2007, when the department determined there was a need to look at a new payroll platform to replace the previous platform, based on Lattice and ESP software, which had been progressively implemented from 1996. Partially as a result of the fact that the state had decided to standardise on SAP's ECC5 and Infor's Workbrain software across its whole of government operations, those same platforms were picked for the Queensland Health implementation.
However, the project, implemented by prime contractor IBM, Queensland Health itself and government shared services provider Corptech — quickly went off the rails as poor governance and the complexity of Queensland Health's award system kicked in, with the result that many of Queensland Health's 85,000 workers went without pay for a period, or were overpaid, at various periods from early 2010, when the system went live. The LNP administration in Queensland recently announced additional funding of the project of $384 million, taking total project costs to an estimated $1.25 billion.
A series of audits and inquiries into the project, the latest being a Commission of Inquiry Investigation conducted by a former Supreme Court Justice and published yesterday, has found that the the project's difficulties were caused by woeful project scope definition at the project's commencements, as well as poor governance throughout, with all three key parties involved — Queensland Health, Corptech and IBM — significantly underestimating the scope of the work required.
The Commission of Inquiry report delivered new findings specifically dealing with IBM's role in the debacle. Specifically, it found that IBM received favourable information during the contract procurement process that helped it win the initial contract unfairly, that the company may have low-balled its bid based on that information, that the company's executives breached its own ethics policy in the bid, and that the Government should never have settled the case in a legal sense with IBM. IBM was paid just $25.7 million for its role.
IBM issued a statement this afternoon pushing back on the findings, and putting most of the blame for the situation on the Queensland Government. However, in his own statement, Queensland Premier Campbell Newman announced dramatic action that appears set to severely impact on IBM's operations in the state.
“IBM will not be allowed to enter any new contracts with the State Government until it improves its governance and contracting practices,” the statement read. Newman said the company must prove it has dealt with past misconduct and will prevent future misconduct.
“It appears that IBM took the state of Queensland for a ride,” Newman said. “The Commission of Inquiry found ‘The replacement of the Queensland Health payroll system must take place in the front rank of failures in public administration in this country. It may be the worst'.”
“The Labor Government was the other party to this major bungle. Labor may be comfortable with the Health Payroll failure, but we are determined that something similar doesn't happen in Queensland again.” Newman said that as well as not allowing contracts with IBM he expected the company to deal with employees adversely named in the report. As Queensland has already settled in a legal sense with IBM over the issue, the Commission of Inquiry report found no further legal action could be taken against IBM to obtain damages to help compensate Queensland for the payroll disaster.
Queensland will also take a number of other actions as a result of the delivery of the Commission of Inquiry report.
The CEO of the state's Public Service Commission will consider any action that may be taken against public sector employees who are adversely named. The state's Crown Law division will provide advice on what actions could and should be taken in relation to former public servants named. The CEO of the Public Service Commission will review the Public Service Code of Conduct and provide recommendations for its amendment.
In addition, the state's Integrity Commissioner will review the absence of a probity adviser or a conflicts register on the payroll project; Unions active in the state public sector will be asked for information about the oversight of representatives who failed to act to protect rank and file members; and the Government would detail its response to the report's recommendations at the next session of parliament.
“I again call on the Labor [opposition] leader to apologise on behalf of the former Government for the actions that directly affected 80,000 Queenslanders and cost taxpayers $1.2 billion,” said Newman. “That is the least Annastacia Palaszczuk can do for the lack of interest shown by her and the unions and for months of covering up the true extent of the disaster.”
The ban is not the first time Big Blue has been blocked from signing new contracts with a major government. In April 2008, for example, the entire US Government blocked new contracts with IBM, after an investigation by the Environmental Protection Agency found IBM had violated procurement laws while negotiating a contract with the agency. However, the ban lasted only a little over a week, after a settlement was made between the two sides.
The case had remarkable similarities with the situation with Queensland Health, in that in the EPA case, several IBM employees involved in the procurement process reportedly obtained information from EPA employees which other competing firms did not have, that would have given IBM an advantage during the procurement process.
Any medium to long-term ban on IBM competing for work with the Queensland Government is likely to have a major impact on the company's operations in the state, given that the state government is the state's major consumer of enterprise IT products services. IBM is the largest supplier of such products and services in Australia, with major rivals including HP, Fujitsu, CSC and others.
Season 3 | Episode 1 | “Instafight” | Aired Nov 3, 2014
For those of you who have not experienced the amazing first two seasons of Vanderpump Rules: Don't worry. It won't take a lot to catch up. The show is a spin-off of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills; Lisa Vanderpump, of the dubious English accent, owns a restaurant named SUR (French for “on”). The show revolves around the incredibly attractive yet incredibly incompetent wait staff. They all date and hang out exclusively with each other and don't understand boundaries. You'll catch on.
Thus begins the tertiary saga of the SUR staff. Jax is doing pushups in his apartment, musing how his life is different since he broke up with Stassi. He and Tom Sandoval got into a fistfight when he learned that Kristen slept with Jax, but now they are back to being bros because shaking cocktails together is a bond you can't break. Jax also is trying to make the untied-bow-tie look happen. Good luck with that.
Tom Sandoval is now dating bartender Ariana, because “she believes in me.” He's never been this happy. You hear that, Kristen? HE'S NEVER BEEN THIS HAPPY! Ariana is famous for her declaration to Kristen last season: “I'm smarter than you; I'm prettier than you, get the f*ck over it.” A feminist anthem for the ages!
Meanwhile, Scheana, she of much makeup and hair extensions, is getting everything she's ever wanted in life. It's all happening for her. So much so that she got that tattooed on her forearm. Almost Famous is her favorite movie of all time, and this is her favorite quote. To quote Inigo Montoya, “I don't think that means what you think it means.”
In the back room at SUR, Kristin tells Scheana, “I have something to tell you, but I can't talk about it right now,” with a shit-eating grin. Scheana falls right into her attention-seeking trap. I'll cut to the surprise: Kristen, while Instagram-stalking her ex Tom Sandoval, contacted a girl who claimed to have slept with Tom when he was in Miami. Kristen is filled with evil glee because Tom is now dating Ariana, another server at SUR.
Are you ready to update your chart of relationships? Kristen is smug about telling Scheana about this because Ariana is Scheana's best friend. What a dilemma for her! Does she tell Ariana because it's her best friend? Or does she spare her best friend's feelings? Remember when Bravo used to show biographies?
Stassi, dressed to the nines and her hair chopped to her shoulders, is getting ready at Katie's later. Six months ago, after she broke up with Jax, she moved to New York for a new start. In those six months, she's grown up sooooo much. Too bad her new boyfriend wanted to move to Los Angeles. Stassi never said goodbye to Lisa when she quit, which she feels bad about because Lisa was like a mentor to her. (Huh? Really?) Stassi can't believe people haven't grown or changed like she has. In the past six months. Stassi has even started a blog! Stop the presses! It's really a hobby. “Hobbies are for rich people. You need a job,” scolds Lisa. Lisa should be a career counselor for millennials.
How much you want to bet that Stassi will be working at SUR again before the season ends?
On the night of Scheana's birthday, her crew meets up at Mixology, Scheana and her fiancé Shay arrive, and I'm surprised Scheana can stay upright with the amount of hair extensions, fake eyelashes, and layers of makeup she has on. it's pretty frustrating when someone naturally pretty like her turns herself into a clown. Kristen arrives with James in a shirt that screams “I'M A DIRTY MODEL.” Whoops, he also forgot to let us know that he's also a famous DJ. He has toured with Deadmau5, if that means anything to you.
Tom Sandoval and Briana arrive and Tom could not … look … more ridiculous. I'm not one to gender-police someone's clothes, but Tom is wearing black jeggings, a long white flowing cardigan, and a white beanie. He looks like Twiggy on a trip to Paris. Tom obviously talks shit about James immediately. Oh, Tom hates Kristen's new boyfriend? Not at all predictable. Something else not predictable is Scheana making a big deal talking to Tom about his indiscretions with the girl in Miami. Tom denies it, and Scheana starts to cry off her mink eyelashes. It's her birthday; she can cry for attention if she wants to!
Meanwhile, Stassi and her new crew (she's such the Carrie of the group!) go out to eat at Andaz. This includes Katie, as well as Kristina and Hen—who are also servers at Sur, except we've never seen them until now. Because they are so over Scheana and her birthday and don't care about it, they talk a lot about how over it they are. They take a celebratory Instagram picture.
Meanwhile, over at Mixology, Tom Sandoval sees the picture and declares an INSTA-FIGHT: “We obviously are having more fun that they are!” They proceed to take a lot of pictures of themselves making faces and poses. The gals at the restaurant start throwing in their ammunition, taking pictures of themselves with their mouths open and giving the devil's horn signs. Wow, I've never seen people who are over each other cares LESS about the other person! Tom and Tom kvetch about how much they hate James. Sandoval calls him a “muppet.”
Kristen won't let the thing with Tom and the Instagram girl go. She screams at Jax for defending him. Tom Sandoval finally confronts Kristen to talk about it; then she refuses to talk to him. Really, Kristen? It would bring more attention to her. James gets in Tom's face and tells him, “Go take a Beamer selfie.” James retorts, “Go take a Honda Civic selfie,” which gets a genuine laugh from me. Of course, Tom takes a swing at James and we fade to black, only to be left with a cliffhanger.
Coming up this season: people cheating! People crying! Scheana freaking out! Stassi is in love with Jax again! Bikinis! Photo shoots! No one actually doing their jobs! I can't wait.
Vanderpump Rules airs Mondays at 9/8C on Bravo.
A 13-year-old girl's desire to own a smartphone has led her into prostitution in Gujarat. In order to own expensive gadgets that her friends carried but she could not afford, the Vadodara-based teenager would book clients through a secret secondary phone during the time her mother would be away at work, according to a report in Times of India.
The mother had no idea about her daughter's act until she confessed everything because she was afraid she was pregnant, the report added. But what was shocking was the fact that the teenage girl refused to part away from the flesh trade despite her mother explaining to her the illegality of the trade. It was then that the mother turned to a counselor of 181 Abhayam service for help.
Many electronic gadgets and phones were found in her possession and the girl admitted that some of her friends had an idea of what she was up to.
The girl was adopted from Anand when she was an infant and her father passed away three years ago.
Read the entire Times of India article here.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Rangers are not facing the threat of a second administration, according to the club's chief executive.
On the day it emerged the club aimed to borrow £1.5m of working capital, Graham Wallace sought to reassure supporters.
"What I can categorically say is that there is no threat of a second administration," he told Rangers TV.
Drew Roberton, the general secretary of the Rangers Supporters' Association, said the club's request for a loan did little to alleviate fans' fears.
Rangers are holding discussions with two major shareholders for a £1.5m loan to aid the running of the Ibrox club.
Rangers chief executive Graham Wallace said the club had a "platform of stability"
In a Stock Exchange statement, the club said terms have yet to be finalised. BBC Scotland has learned discussions are taking place with Laxey Partners and the Easdale brothers James and Sandy.
The club reported a £14m operating loss for the 13 months to June after £22m was raised in a share issue in 2012.
The latter two hold positions on the boards of The Rangers Football Club Limited and its parent company The Rangers International Football Club PLC.
At December's Annual General Meeting, Wallace said the club faced "a significant number of challenges" but had a "platform of stability" to make progress.
In January, manager Ally McCoist signed off on a wage cut of about 50%, which he had agreed to in October, but players rejected a proposal of pay cuts of 15% until summer 2015.
The Scottish League One outfit received calls from concerned supporters and shareholders following online discussions regarding an impending insolvency event.
The concerns prompted a response from Wallace refuting the claims and insisting the club was continuing to rebuild.
A Rangers statement read: "The club wishes to make clear that these allegations are totally inaccurate and that the chief executive and board of directors are fully focused on the restructuring and rebuilding of Rangers Football Club as previously announced.
"The club has decided to make this statement as unchallenged, ill-informed and inaccurate comments are damaging to the reputation of Rangers Football Club."
Wallace said the club were halfway through their 120-day review of the business, and he stressed administration was not a threat.
""But let me put that to bed once and for all. We are absolutely focused on the long-term sustainability and success of Rangers Football Club and supporters should not be concerned about some of the ill-informed comment they are reading in the media."
This recent announcement doesn't do much to alleviate fans' fears that (administration) is still a possibility Drew Roberton Rangers Supporters' Association
Roberton said he was not surprised that the club was seeking a £1.5m loan "because the previous financial director forecast that the club would reach a low point in April this year, with only £1m in the bank".
"Perhaps his forecast was a touch optimistic. It's certainly concerning," Roberton added.
"Mr Wallace has on many occasions said that under no circumstances was administration an option.
"Unfortunately, this recent announcement doesn't do much to alleviate fans' fears that it's still a possibility.
"Given what's happened to the club in the last two years, it's understandable for anyone to have that fear.
"Graham Wallace has put his reputation on the line by saying it's not going to happen. I don't know anyone who's in possession of hard facts and figures to dispute that."
Financial expert Maureen Leslie told BBC Scotland that an attempt to raise working capital indicates the club requires assistance with general operations.
Leslie said Rangers supporters should be asking questions about where the loan will be spent and the club's board should be more open with its supporters and investors over its long-term financial plans.
Regulators in US and UK mete out record fines after finding a ‘free for all culture' on currency trading floors at RBS, HSBC, Citibank, JP Morgan and UBS
The corruption of the world's biggest currency dealers was laid bare on Wednesday when regulators imposed £2.6bn of fines on six major banks for rigging the £3.5tn-a-day foreign exchange markets.
Two UK and US regulators said they had found a “free for all culture” rife on trading floors which allowed the markets to be rigged for five years, from January 2008 to October 2013.
The much-anticipated record settlement did not include Barclays, which remains in discussions with other regulators.
Each of the fines imposed on Royal Bank of Scotland, HSBC, Citibank, JP Morgan and UBS were records for the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), smashing the penalties imposed over the last two years for Libor rigging.
The chancellor, George Osborne, said: “Today we take tough action to clean up corruption by a few so that we have a financial system that works for everyone. It's part of a long-term plan that is fixing what went wrong in Britain's banks and our economy.”
Osborne will take a share of the fines for the Treasury and said they would be “used for the wider public good”.
In the UK, UBS was handed the biggest fine, at £233m, followed by £225m for Citibank, JPMorgan at £222m, RBS at £217m, and £216m for HSBC. Barclays has yet to settle. In the US, the regulator fined Citibank and JP Morgan $310m each, $290m each for RBS and UBS, and $275m for HSBC.
A second US regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, also imposed separate fines on JP Morgan, Citi and Bank of America taking the day's tally to £2.6bn.
Andrea Leadsom, a Treasury minister, said people who have done wrong “will not be back in a dealing room on a big salary” and “everything that can be done to punish this type of behaviour” will be done.
She told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: “It's completely disgusting. I think taxpayers will be horrified ... I don't know if corruption is a strong enough word for it.”
Leadsom said it was particularly bad that this was going on at a time when taxpayers were bailing out the banks.
Announcing the first ever co-ordinated regulatory action, the FCA's Tracey McDermott, director of enforcement and financial crime, said: “Firms could have been in no doubt, especially after Libor, that failing to take steps to tackle the consequences of a free for all culture on their trading floors was unacceptable.”
The settlement was co-ordinated with the US regulator, the Commodities Futures and Trading Commission, which published transcripts of traders discussing foreign exchange rates on private chatrooms. In one, a trader writes “dont want other numpty's in mkt to know”. The traders make remarks such as “nice job mate” and “yeah baby” as they discuss the rates.
Traders at different banks formed tight-knit groups in which information was shared about client activity, including using code names to identify clients without naming them. These groups were described as, for example, “the players”, “the 3 musketeers”, “1 team, 1 dream”, “a co-operative” and “the A-team”.
RBS chief executive Ross McEwan apologised to consumers: “To say I'm angry would be an understatement. We had people working in this bank who did not know the difference between right and wrong and put their interests ahead of clients.”
Martin Wheatley, boss of the FCA, said the regulator would “not tolerate conduct which imperils market integrity or the wider UK financial system”. He said that “firms must make sure their traders do not game the system to boost profits or leave the ethics of their conduct to compliance to worry about”.
Wheatley added: “Senior management commitments to change need to become a reality in every area of their business.”
The Bank of England also published its report by Lord Grabiner into whether Threadneedle Street officials knew about the behaviour of traders. It concluded that there was no evidence that any official was involved in unlawful or improper behaviour but said there was an “error of judgment” by one official who knew that bank traders were sharing information.
However, after trawling through emails, the Bank of England said its chief foreign exchange dealer – suspended since March – had been dismissed. “The individual's dismissal was not at all related to the allegations investigated by Lord Grabiner, but as a result of information that came to light during the course of the Bank's initial internal review into allegations relating to the FX market and Bank staff. This information related to the Bank's internal policies, not to FX,” the Bank of England said.
RBS, 81% owned by the taxpayer, said it was continuing an investigation into the matter and is reviewing the conduct of 50 current and former employees, three of whom have been suspended. It pledged to make a public statement on the progress of the investigation by the end of the year.
“Today is a stark reminder of the importance of culture and integrity in banking and we will rightly be judged on the strength of our response,” said RBS's outgoing chairman, Sir Philip Hampton. The bank pledged to look at clawing back bonuses and the impact on bonuses for “senior management”. No payouts of current bonuses will take place until the internal investigation is completed.
RBS had received complaints from two clients – in October 2010 and January 2012 – about the activities, and in November 2011 one of its traders raised concerns, which were not heeded.
Mercedes made fuel error with Rosberg in Australia
World champion Lewis Hamilton may not have been as dominant on his way to victory in Melbourne as first thought.
Auto Motor und Sport reports that a detailed investigation by Mercedes showed that it got its numbers wrong regarding Nico Rosberg's fuel strategy.
Team boss Toto Wolff had said after Australia that the German “did not have the weapons” to fight against Hamilton in the race because of fuel consumption.
But the report on Friday said Rosberg had more fuel left in the tank after the race than engineers had expected.
“Obviously,” said Auto Motor und Sport, “the calculations regarding fuel were wrong.”
1997 world champion Jacques Villeneuve is also not writing off Rosberg after Australia.
Asked by Brazil's Globo to nominate his pick for the 2015 title, the French-Canadian said: “I'm betting on Nico. I think he is the most hungry for this season.”
Advertisement Mom signs consent form for son's circumcision to get out of jail Heather Hironimus appeared in court Friday morning Share Copy Link Copy
The Florida mother in circumcision case has signed a consent form to allow her son to be circumcised.Heather Hironimus was warned by a judge she faced imprisonment if she ignored his orders.Watch the storyThe 31-year-old woman was missing with her 4-year-old son for nearly three months before being arrested last week.Click here for photosHironimus and the boy's father, Dennis Nebus, have been warring over the circumcision for years.Hironimus was arrested last week for violating the judge's order to hand over her son to his father for the procedure.She and the boy had been in hiding for three months before she ended up behind bars.Her mother, Mary Hironimus, supports her daughter's actions."Of course it's worth it any mother would do anything for their child," said Hironimus.She lost two challenges in state court to stop her son from being circumcised per his father's wishes.The case ended up in federal court Monday but she voluntarily withdrew the case shortly afterwards.The West Boynton Beach mom was in court Friday to explain why she violated a court order.Palm Beach County Circuit Judge Jeffrey Gillen explained to the parents why they would have to learn to get along."To the extent that you differ on things you're going to have to talk them out that's what parents do in a civilized society do. You don't take the law into your own hands," said Judge Gillen.The child is with his father. His attorney told the judge the 4-year-old has not been circumcised and may have to leave the state for the procedure because of death threats.The boy's mother still faces interfering with child custody charges.
OAKLAND — Warriors forward David Lee will miss Friday night's game against Memphis with a strained right hamstring, although coach Mark Jackson said he expects Andre Iguodala to return to the lineup.
Lee, the team's second-leading scorer and rebounder, will miss the game six days after he suffered the injury in the fourth quarter against San Antonio.
“He's recovering, resting and getting closer, but still has not done anything live in practice, so there's no way he'll play tonight,” Jackson said before Friday's game.
In place of Lee, Marreese Speights will start for the first time this season.
Iguodala is expected to return after missing three games with right knee tendinitis, but Jackson said he remained concerned and that he didn't expect the player to be 100 percent for the rest of the season.
“It's important to not push him in practice and make sure he gets the proper treatment, the proper rest and to be in constant contact with him on off days, in game situations, making sure he's feeling good and we don't push it too far,” Jackson said.
A five-day break in the Warriors schedule gave Iguodala 11 days off since the last time he played.
For more on the Warriors, see the Inside the Warriors blog at ibabuzz.com/warriors. Follow Diamond Leung on Twitter at twitter.com/diamond83.
Thanks for waiting everyone.
First off, I typically have no idea on the release schedules, but my feelings tell me that this book will be coming out the first Saturday of September. Makes sense to me release some Demon stuff ahead of CSM, then have the 6th edition Starter Box for Oct and the holiday season. This though I could be totally wrong about so take it with extra salt.
Second, let me go over the latest rumor batch that hit last week concerning CSM with my two cents parentheses.
This was posted on various sites by
Skcuzzlebumm
-Release date: September 1st (my guess as well)
-Hard back (my guess as well)
-There is an Eye of the Gods-like table ~like the WFB Warriors of Chaos table.
You get to roll on whenever a character kills another character in a challenge, or a Walker or Monstrous Creature. There is a multitude of gifts (and curses) that your Characters can acquire which range from +1 Save, +1 Toughness, or becoming either a Spawn or a Daemon Prince!!! (Sorta True — trying to lump all the funky stuff into one table is not totally accurate. CSM codex is table land. Expect many random charts and upgrades it will be hard to keep track.)
-Chaos Cultists are in (true– said this and others before)
-The Dragon flyer is in – think Necron Night Scythe with the main chassis replaced by a massive mechanical dragon head with segmented wings sweeping forward and around from it. (True – The thing looks like a dragon head attached to the Owl from Clash of the Titans)
-Dark Apostles – ~Word Bearers rejoice!!! (True– but more of cultist leader/moral buffer)
-Warp Smiths – Chaos Techmarines that can curse vehicles and degrade terrain. ~maybe they'll have anti-psychotic grenades ( True -Think Doc Ock )
-New Daemon Engine – halfway between a Dreadnought and a Defiler. (True -I would say halfway between Defiler and Trygon)
-Defilers are Daemons and have a 5+ Inv save. (Yes a Demon, and some extra lovin…)
-‘Cult' units are all Elites and are unlocked to Troops by appropriate HQ choices (True- Said this before, but have some good news on that front)
-No Cult Terminators ~boo hiss!!! (-True, boo hiss!!!)
-Obliterators are exclusively for shooting – so no powerfists. (-False they will shoot, but still have a powerfist)
HOWEVER there is a new unit which is basically a close combat Obliterator. (True)
-There are 2 types of Raptors now: regular CSMs with Jump Packs, and Possessed Daemonic Raptors with Lightning Claws. (True)
-Possessed take multiple benefits from the Eye of the Gods table. (not sure)
-NO Daemons in the Codex. (true, but allies FTW!)
–Important Designer Note–
The new CSM codex is not a return to the 3rd edition codex, this is the successor to Gav Thorpe's creation– the current CSM codex. Unlike before Phil Kelly was put in charge of building from the ground up; Space Wolves, Dark Eldar, and Orks codexes he instead has taken a much more subtle approach with the CSM Codex. This is not the reinvention of the wheel at its core this is a validation for Gav Thorpe and perhaps if you could ask Gav, Phil Kelly's CSM codex would have been the codex he wished he could have written, but wasn't allowed to.
–What will be Released–
We will know if GW has changed policy. This codex will reveal if GW has abandoned the wave method to model release with a new codex or if they have stopped caring and show you all the new models even if they don't come out right away.
Finecast: Dark Apostle, Warsmith, New Lord, Oblits, All Old Special Characters not updated already
New Plastic: Dragon, Raptors, Dreadnaught, Demon Engine, Assault Oblits, Chosen
Upgrade Packs: Plague Marines, 1k Sons, Emperor's Children
–General Changes–
Almost all of the old units are either the same point cost or have gotten cheaper. With the notable exceptions of Chosen, Terminators, Defilers getting more expensive. The notable cheaper ones being basic CSM, Oblits, Zerkers, The CSM is really an upgrade codex, while things have gotten cheaper you will be hard pressed to keep your units inexpensive with all the wargear you can add. The cheaper units don't come without a cost as well, almost all units saw a LD drop. Also you will start to see a lot of the new USRs in the CSM book.
–What has stayed the Same–
The Cult units are the same in stats and basic wargear. No new Spacial Characters. Abbadon is still the only one with Eternal Warrior. Demon Weapons still can kill you. The Dreadnaught is still Crazy. The unit sizes have stayed the same as well as the wargear options found in the old codex; e.g. Chosen can still get a butt load special weapons.
–Psychic Powers–
As can you expect each Chaos God gives their chosen Sorcerer access to their own set of spells. That allows you to pick from Basic Spells and the new ones for each God. If anyone was wondering Lash of Submission is gone.
Ok now that we got the basics out-of-the-way let us get to the good stuff
–Daemons–
A good number of units in the CSM codex have this USR.
Raptors
Oblits
CC Oblit
Defilers
Demon Engines
Dragons
Possessed
Demon Prince
–It Will Not Die–
Wonder who was getting this new USR well you guessed it CSM is.
Dragons
Defilers
Demon Engines
–Demon Possessed–
Demon possessed just got a whole bunch cuter really. Instead of not being able to embark in demon possessed vehicles they now will only eat one of your guys and repair itself. Otherwise works the same way as before lose BS and ignore shaken and stunned, In addition some things get wargear automatically.
Dragons
Defliers
Demon Engines
–Challenges–
All CSM characters must always accept challenges
–Icons and Marks–
Marks and Icons are both purchasable by most units. That means you have five new Icons and the same four marks, in which units can have a combination of two. This is a list of the USRs and stat bonus possible.
Fearless
FnP
+1 T
+1 Invul Save
Rage
Soul Blaze
Furious Charge
Fear
+1 I
–Space Marines Better Hide–
Almost all CSM units get Hatred Space Marines. Now I am not sure if this includes all Space Marine variants or just Smurfs and friends.
–?Eye of the Gods Table?–
Yeah this will be the chart to end all charts and competitive players will cry everywhere because it is random. All 60+random abilities! Yes you heard it right over 60! How it works I don't know, but characters can get multiple rolls on the chart through various methods.
Time for some specific models right? Sure why not!
–Dragon–
Oh the Dragon yeah the model on everyone mind. This is a CSM answer to other flyers it is designed almost exclusively to hunt and destroy other flyers. Clocking in about the same points cost of Carnifex this little hell on wings Vector Strike and bring pain to a lot of things. Did I mention it gets to re-roll wounds and armor pens.
–Demon Engines–
The other mystery model that has been leaked. These guys sit on the large bases like Trygons. They have an assortment of special weapons that have never been seen before. They are designed for Building and Heavy armor destruction with Melta CC weapons and bonuses against buildings. They as well get to re-roll wounds and armor pens. Side note: Defilers as well get to re-roll wounds and armor pen.
–Dragons, Demon Engines, Defilers oh my-
So let me put this in perspective. All these models ignore shaken and stunned, have 5+ invul saves, re-roll wounds and armor pens, and can recover wounds and hull points lost.
–Cult Units–
I know much of the Internet was crying about them only being in the Elite slot when I first mentioned it. How dare they force me to take Kharn to spam Berserkers! Well don't worry is not as bad as you think. You can also get a generic Lord and buy the correct mark and unlock them as troops as well. As for the rules themselves just minor changes.
Zerkers: Rage, Cheaper
1k Sons: Soul Fire, Same cost
Emperor Children: Weapons Ignore cover and now have Salvo USR, Cheaper
Plague Marines: Poison Weapons, More Expensive
–Typhus and Cultists–
Typhus is now a mastery level 2 sorcerer of Nurgle. In addition as reported earlier he can make any cultist a zombie. Zombies are going to be disgusting in 6th edition. FnP, Fearless, Fear, and all for no additional cost. As for Cultists they are cheap not conscript cheap, but close. You can get over 30 of them in a squad.
–Daemon Princes, Sorcerers , Chaos Lords–
Princes got more expensive wargear bringing them in line with the Demon Codex. Sorcerers are pretty much the same with the ability to buy up to Master level 3, but they only ever have 2 wounds. Chaos Lords are where it seems to be at, Phil Kelly wants you to design a Lord tailored to your army, their list of wargear options is easily the largest of any model in the book. Also remember they allow you to make Cult Units troops.
Ok that is all I got for now, depending on how the week goes and what GW do I might get more rumors for you, but until now that is all I got. Wait, no I just remembered something…
Warlords Cometh If you are currently complaining about Warlord traits being too random well play that violin some more. GW really wants you to use them! The CSM codex has it's own Warlord chart, but the big announcement is some characters have specific Warlord Traits! These are built into the cost of the model, so no taking them out!
For the latest rumors join the Rumor Email list and discussion board at…
You can also get updates on all new posts by liking Blood of Kittens on Facebook at…
You can also follow BoK on Twitter at…
Follow BoK Twitter
Don't forget to visit the Church of Kelly for all your Phil Kelly praising needs.
If you have questions or comments your always welcome to email me though Blood of Kittens contact form.
LAS VEGAS, Jan. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the decision by Governor Brian Sandoval's Public Utilities Commission (PUC) to terminate Nevada's rooftop solar industry just days before Christmas, SolarCity® (NASDAQ: SCTY) announced that it has been forced to eliminate more than 550 jobs in the state. Where possible, the company will relocate affected employees to business-friendly states.
The PUC's decision to change the rules to punish existing solar customers after the state encouraged them to go solar with rebates is particularly callous and leaves Nevadans to question whether the state would ever place the financial security of regular citizens above the financial interests of NV Energy.
"I contacted Governor Sandoval multiple times after the ruling because I am convinced that he and the PUC didn't fully understand the consequences of this decision, not only on the thousands of local jobs distributed solar has created, but on the 17,000 Nevadans that installed solar with the state's encouragement," said Lyndon Rive, SolarCity's CEO. "I'm still waiting to speak to the Governor but I am convinced that once he and the Commissioners understand the real impact, that they will do the right thing."
SolarCity announced on December 23 that as a result of the PUC decision, it had to cease solar sales and installation in the state effective immediately. Other Nevada solar companies with higher cost structures than SolarCity are expected to collectively lay off thousands of additional Nevadans in the coming months.
"Telling employees they can no longer work for SolarCity is the hardest thing we've ever done," continued Rive. "These are hard-working Nevadans and a single government action has put them out of work. This is not how government is supposed to work."
SolarCity has also closed a training center in West Las Vegas that it opened a little over a month ago. The November press release announcing its opening contained this statement from Governor Sandoval: "I'm proud to celebrate the opening of SolarCity's new training center, which will make Nevada the regional hub for training workers in the jobs of the 21st century. Our homegrown solar industry has already created over 6,000 good Nevada jobs, and has tremendous potential to continue driving innovation, economic diversification, and opportunity in the Silver State."
Fortunately, there are other voices speaking up for solar employees and customers. The Nevada Bureau of Consumer Protection is attempting to protect Nevadans by filing a motion to halt implementation of the PUC's ruling, stating that the order's impact "is not consistent with the Governor's stated objectives of SB 374 or the Governor's initiatives and focus to increase jobs and employment for Nevada residents."
Just weeks after Congress voted with bipartisan support to extend the federal tax credit for solar, Governor Sandoval's Commission is moving the state backwards. The Governor's and Commission's support for a de facto ban on rooftop solar defies public opinion, including the opinion of the members of his own party. According to a recent poll by Moore Information, 73% of registered Nevada Republicans support the state's previous rooftop solar rules.
About SolarCity
SolarCity® (NASDAQ: SCTY) provides clean energy. The company has disrupted the century-old energy industry by providing renewable electricity directly to homeowners, businesses and government organizations for less than they spend on utility bills. SolarCity gives customers control of their energy costs to protect them from rising rates. The company makes solar energy easy by taking care of everything from design and permitting to monitoring and maintenance. SolarCity currently serves 16 states. Visit the company online at www.solarcity.com and follow the company on Facebook & Twitter.
This release contains forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements regarding job losses. Forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved, if at all. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward looking statements. You should read the section entitled "Risk Factors" in SolarCity's annual report on Form 10-Q, which has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and identifies certain of these and additional risks and uncertainties. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.
SOURCE SolarCity
Related Links
http://www.solarcity.com
Russian president Vladimir Putin has offered his support to a “homestead act” that will offer free land to anyone willing to move to Russia's Far East, Russian media reported last week.
According to RT, the original plan came from Deputy Prime Minister Yuri Trutnev, who is also the presidential envoy to Russia's Far East Federal District. Trutnev suggested that Russia provide one hectare (2.5 acres) of free land “to every resident of the Far East and to anyone who is willing to come and live in the region so that they could start a private business in farming, forestry, game hunting or some other enterprise.” The government currently owns 614 million hectares of land in the Far East, some of which would be redistributed to citizens under the plan.
Putin reportedly offered his support for the idea, noting that similar programs had worked in the past. With Putin on board, Moscow Times reports, Far East Development Minister Alexander Galushka believes the program could start as early as this year.
With the new plan, Trutnev hopes to “strengthen the tendency of people's migration to the Far East.” Russia's Far East, though rich in resources, has long been underpopulated and underdeveloped. The Far East Federal District covers a total land area of roughly 6.2 million square kilometers but has a population of just under 6.3 million, giving the region a population density of around one person per square kilometer. Of those 6.3 million, almost 75 percent are concentrated in cities; the new plan would specifically seek to encourage settlement of land located far away from urban areas.
The new plan has attracted attention in China, with China Daily predicting an increased number of Chinese migrants hoping to take advantage of the new policy. The state-run media outlet says Chinese immigrants could lease the land from its new owners. The report focused in particular on agriculture, noting that an influx of migrants could help develop Russia's Far East into “the main exporter of green food to China.”
Russia, however, is wary of Chinese (or other) migrants pouring into its sparsely populated Far East. Trutnev noted that his plan was designed to prevent the free land from being sold to foreign companies and individuals. Moscow Times called this “an important consideration” as “Chinese, Japanese, and South Korean companies are gradually making inroads” into Russia's Far East.
Russia's Federal Migration Service is especially wary of an influx of Chinese migrants across the Russia-China border. It has warned that Chinese could become the largest ethnic group in Russia's Far East by the 2020s or 2030s; last summer a border official said that 1.5 million Chinese illegally entered Russia's Far East from January 2013 to June 2014. In part, then, the new “homestead act” may be designed to prevent Chinese dominance in the region, as Moscow hopes to encourage new migration into the area by Russian citizens.
Yet despite some nervousness about an increased number of Chinese migrants, overall Moscow is encouraging China to play a role in developing its Far East, particularly when it comes to making necessary investments in infrastructure development. Just last December, Trutnev traveled to China to brief Beijing on plans for the Far East development zone. During his time in Beijing, Russia and China pledged to cooperate on the project.
At the same time, Moscow wants to hedge against overdependence on China in this regard. Russia also hopes to revitalize its northeast by coaxing North Korea to allow goods to travel into more lucrative markets in South Korea – a pipeline and railroad connecting Russia and the Koreas are both on Moscow's wish-list.
TNT's record-setting NBA telecast of Game 7 of the Western Conference Finals naturally led the cable rankings for Monday. Golden State's win over Oklahoma City scored a 6.4 rating in adults 18-49 and just under 16 million viewers.
Part 1 of “Roots” scored a collective 1.5 across four channels: History (0.6), Lifetime (0.4), A&E (0.3) and LMN (0.2). VH1's “Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta” (1.2) and “Black Ink Crew” (0.8) were down 0.2 and 0.3 week to week.
The Season 2 premiere of “Scream” on MTV landed outside the Top 100 with a 0.2 in adults 18-49 and 402,000 viewers.
Top 100 cable shows among adults 18-49 for Monday, May 30, 2016
Show Net Time Viewers (000s) 18-49 rating NBA PLAYOFFS TNT 9:01 PM 15,996 6.4 INSIDE THE NBA PLAYOFFS TNT 11:31 PM 6,882 2.9 WWE ENTERTAINMENT USA 8:00 PM 3,282 1.2 WWE ENTERTAINMENT USA 9:00 PM 3,324 1.2 LOVE & HIP HOP ATLANTA 5 VH1 8:00 PM 2,298 1.2 NBA PLAYOFFS PRE TNT 8:00 PM 3,074 1.1 WWE ENTERTAINMENT USA 10:00 PM 3,081 1.1 STREET OUTLAWS DISC 9:00 PM 2,581 1.1 FAMILY GUY ADSM 11:30 PM 1,958 1.0 FAMILY GUY ADSM 11:00 PM 1,819 0.9 BLACK INK CREW 4 VH1 9:00 PM 1,625 0.8 AMERICAN DAD ADSM 10:30 PM 1,661 0.8 LAST SHIP, THE TNT 12:25 AM 1,857 0.8 TEEN MOM II SSN7 MTV 10:00 PM 1,307 0.7 ROBOT CHICKEN ADSM 12:00 AM 1,410 0.7 AMERICAN DAD ADSM 10:00 PM 1,451 0.7 ROOTS HIST 9:00 PM 2,473 0.6 CLEVELAND SHOW, THE ADSM 9:30 PM 1,306 0.6 BOBS BURGERS ADSM 9:00 PM 1,360 0.6 AMERICAN DAD TBS TBSC 8:30 PM 1,151 0.6 MIKE TYSON MYSTERIES ADSM 12:15 AM 1,162 0.6 AMERICAN DAD ADSM 2:00 AM 1,076 0.5 AQUA TEEN HUNGERFORCE ADSM 12:30 AM 1,024 0.5 BIG SCREEN MOVIE FRFM 7:00 PM 1,198 0.5 FAMILY GUY ADSM 2:30 AM 1,053 0.5 SQUIDBILLIES ADSM 12:45 AM 970 0.5 AMERICAN DAD ADSM 1:30 AM 1,012 0.5 FRIENDS NAN 12:00 AM 1,002 0.5 HALLOWEENTOWN DSNY 11:30 AM 1,631 0.5 REEL TO REAL MOVIE HIST 8:00 PM 1,508 0.4 FAMILY GUY ADSM 3:00 AM 992 0.4 FAMILY GUY TBSC 8:00 PM 976 0.4 SPONGEBOB NICK 8:00 AM 1,434 0.4 LOVE & HIP HOP ATLANTA 5 VH1 10:00 PM 933 0.4 PAW PATROL NICK 8:30 AM 1,411 0.4 MEMORIAL DAY MOVIEFEST TBSC 12:00 PM 798 0.4 CHRISLEY KNOWS the BEST USA 7:30 PM 1,178 0.4 BLAZE & THE MONSTER MCHNS NICK 10:00 AM 1,563 0.4 TEEN TITANS GO TOON 11:30 AM 1,552 0.4 TIM & ERIC AWESOME SHOW ADSM 1:00 AM 913 0.4 ZENON, GIRL OF 21ST CENTU DSNY 1:05 PM 1,336 0.4 FAMILY GUY TBSC 7:30 PM 754 0.4 GEORGE LOPEZ NAN 4:57 AM 840 0.4 BLAZE & THE MONSTER MCHNS NICK 1:30 PM 1,686 0.4 PAW PATROL NICK 11:00 AM 1,542 0.4 DETOUR, THE TBSC 9:00 PM 894 0.4 GEORGE LOPEZ NAN 4:24 AM 844 0.4 FRIENDS NAN 11:30 PM 906 0.4 CHECK IT OUT ADSM 1:15 AM 887 0.4 GEORGE LOPEZ NAN 5:30 AM 804 0.4 STREET OUTLAWS DISC 11:02 PM 928 0.4 FRESH PRINCE OF BEL AIR NAN 1:06 AM 820 0.4 GEORGE LOPEZ NAN 3:51 AM 829 0.4 FRESH PRINCE OF BEL AIR NAN 2:12 AM 800 0.4 FRESH PRINCE OF BEL AIR NAN 1:39 AM 806 0.4 CHRISLEY KNOWS the BEST USA 7:00 PM 1,057 0.4 STREET OUTLAWS DISC 7:00 PM 1,005 0.4 SMART HOUSE DSNY 2:55 PM 1,209 0.4 ROBOT CHICKEN ADSM 3:30 AM 886 0.4 BOBS BURGERS ADSM 8:30 PM 930 0.4 MOVIE LIF 8:00 PM 1,035 0.4 CHRISLEY KNOWS the BEST USA 6:30 PM 1,019 0.4 SOUTHERN CHARM BRVO 9:00 PM 1,144 0.4 CHRISLEY KNOWS the BEST USA 3:00 PM 980 0.4 GEORGE LOPEZ NAN 3:18 AM 757 0.4 TEEN TITANS GO TOON 6:30 PM 1,356 0.4 CHRISLEY KNOWS the BEST USA 6:00 PM 980 0.4 FRESH PRINCE OF BEL AIR NAN 2:45 AM 740 0.4 PAW PATROL NICK 11:30 AM 1,481 0.4 ROOTS LIF 9:00 PM 1,290 0.4 TEEN TITANS GO TOON 11:00 AM 1,429 0.4 SPORTSCENTER 12AM L ESPN 12:01 AM 800 0.4 MIKE TYSON MYSTERIES ADSM 3:45 AM 835 0.4 GEORGE LOPEZ NAN 6:30 AM 831 0.4 TINY HOUSE BIG LIVING HGTV 9:30 PM 1,640 0.4 SPONGEBOB NICK 7:30 AM 1,104 0.4 TEEN TITANS GO TOON 10:00 AM 1,424 0.4 CHRISLEY KNOWS the BEST USA 3:30 PM 953 0.4 SPONGEBOB TRUTH OR SQUARE NICK 4:00 PM 1,340 0.4 LION GUARD DSNY 9:30 AM 1,356 0.4 GEORGE LOPEZ NAN 6:00 AM 819 0.4 PPG 2016 TOON 12:00 PM 1,383 0.4 LAW & ORDER TNT 1:25 AM 947 0.4 DESCENDANTS DSNY 8:00 PM 1,680 0.4 SPONGEBOB NICK 3:30 PM 1,358 0.4 HOUSE HUNTERS HGTV 10:00 PM 1,743 0.4 TEEN TITANS GO TOON 4:00 PM 1,287 0.3 CHRISLEY KNOWS the BEST USA 11:09 PM 925 0.3 FX MOVIE AFTERNOON FX 1:30 PM 1,038 0.3 HOUSE HUNTERS INTL HGTV 10:30 PM 1,724 0.3 STUCK IN THE SUBURBS DSNY 10:00 AM 1,262 0.3 TEEN TITANS GO TOON 9:30 AM 1,223 0.3 CLEVELAND SHOW, THE ADSM 5:00 AM 765 0.3 PAW PATROL NICK 12:00 PM 1,466 0.3 CHRISLEY KNOWS the BEST USA 2:30 PM 951 0.3 DETOUR, THE TBSC 9:30 PM 777 0.3 ALVINNN!!! AND THE CHIPMU NICK 2:00 PM 1,341 0.3 TINY HOUSE BIG LIVING HGTV 9:00 PM 1,561 0.3 INFOMERCIALS ADSM 4:00 AM 759 0.3 CHRISLEY KNOWS the BEST USA 4:00 PM 918 0.3
Source: The Nielsen Company.
Yesterday Crystal became one year old. Yay! :-)
A lot of things happened since the moment we started this rather ambitious project, and there is still a lot more to do.
Although its syntax is very similar to Ruby, there are many differences, and every day the distance is growing bigger.
Here's a summary of what we have in the language right now.
Efficient code generation
Crystal is not interpreted. It doesn't have a virtual machine. The code is compiled to native machine code by using LLVM.
You don't specify the types of variables, instance variables or method arguments, like is usually done in statically compiled languages. Instead, Crystal tries to be as smart as possible and infers the types for you.
Primitive types
Primitive types map to native machine types.
true # Bool 1 # Int32 1 _u64 # UInt64 1.5 # Float64 1.5 _f32 # Float32 'a' # Char
ASCII Strings
They come in many flavors, like in Ruby, and they also support interpolation.
a = "World" b = "Hello #{ a } " #=> "Hello World"
We still need to decide what's the best way to deal with different encodings, so this is just a temporary implementation.
Did you know that String is implemented in Crystal itself? There's just very small magic to make it have the size and pointer to the chars buffers, but everything else is built on top of that.
Symbols
:foo
At runtime, each symbol is represented by a unique integer. A table of integer to string is built for implementing Symbol#to_s (but there's no way right now to do String#intern).
Union types
You don't need to specify the type of variable. If it is assigned multiple types, it will have those types at compile-time. At run-time it will have only one.
if some_condition a = 1 else a = 1.5 end # Here a can be an Int32 or Float64 a . abs # Ok, both Int32 and Float64 define the 'abs' method without arguments a . succ # Error, Float64 doesn't have a 'succ' method
You can use “is_a?” to check for a type:
if a . is_a? ( Int32 ) a . succ # Ok, here a can only be an Int32 end
You can even use “responds_to?”:
if a . responds_to? ( :succ ) a . succ # Ok end
Methods
In Crystal methods can be overloaded. The overloads come from the number of arguments, type restrictions and yieldness of a method.
# foo 1 def foo ( x , y ) x + y end # foo 2 def foo ( x ) end # foo 3 def foo ( x : Float ) end def foo ( x ) yield end foo 1 , 1 # Invokes foo 1 foo 1 # Invokes foo 2 foos 1.5 # Invokes foo 3 foo ( 1 ) { } # Invokes foo 4
Contrast this with having to check at runtime the number of arguments of the method, whether a block was given, or which are the types of arguments: we believe this is much more readable and efficient.
Also, there's no “wrong number of arguments” exception thrown at runtime: in Crystal it's a compiled time error.
The last bit, overloading based on whether a method yields or not, will probably change and needs to be re-thought.
Classes
No need to specify the types of instance variables, but all types assigned to an instance variable will make that variable has a union type.
class Foo # We prefer getter, setter and property over # attr_reader, attr_writer and attr_accessor getter :value # Note the @value at the argument: this is similar to Coffeescript # and we think it's a nice syntax addition. def initialize ( @value ) end end foo = Foo . new ( 1 ) foo . value . abs # Ok # At this point @value is an Int32 foo2 = Foo . new ( 'a' ) # Because of the last line, @value is now an Int32 or Char. # Char doesn't have an 'abs' method, so a compiled time error is issued.
If you really need different Foo classes with different types for @value, you can use a generic class:
class Foo ( T ) getter :value def initialize ( @value : T ) end end foo = Foo . new ( 1 ) # T is inferred to be an Int32, and foo is a Foo(Int32) foo . value . abs # Ok foo2 = Foo . new ( 'a' ) # T is inferred to be a Char, and foo2 is a Foo(Char) foo2 . value . ord # Ok # You can also explicitly specify the generic type variable foo3 = Foo ( String ). new ( "hello" )
Array and Hash are generic classes too, but they can also be constructed using literals. When elements are specified, the generic type variables are inferred. If no element is specified, you have to tell Crystal the generic type variables.
a = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] # a is an Array(Int32) b = [ 1 , 1.5 , 'a' ] # b is an Array(Int32 | Float64 | Char) c = [] of String # c is an Array(String), same as doing Array(String).new d = { 1 => 2 , 3 => 4 } # d is a Hash(Int32, Int32) e = {} of String => Bool # e is a Hash(String, Bool), same as doing Hash(String, Bool).new
And yes, Array and Hash are completely implemented in Crystal. This makes it very easy for anyone to collaborate on those classes.
We really wanted to avoid having to specify type variables. In fact, we wanted to avoid having to differentiate between generic and non-generic classes. We spent a long time (maybe three months?) trying to make it work efficiently but we couldn't. Maybe it doesn't have an efficient solution. At least we didn't find anyone who was able to do it. Generic types are a small sacrifice, but in return we get much faster compile times.
Modules
Of course, modules are also present in Crystal, and they can also be generic.
Blocks
For now, blocks can't be saved to a variable or passed to another method. That means, we still lack closures. It's not an easy thing to do if we want a smart type inference, so we need some time to think it over.
Bindings to C
You can declare bindings to C in Crystal, no need to use C, make wrappers or use another language. For example, this is part of the SDL binding:
lib LibSDL ( "SDL" ) INIT_TIMER = 0x00000001 _u32 INIT_AUDIO = 0x00000010 _u32 # ... struct Rect x , y : Int16 w , h : UInt16 end # ... union Event type : UInt8 key : KeyboardEvent end # ... fun init = SDL_Init ( flags : UInt32 ) : Int32 end value = LibSDL . init ( LibSDL . INIT_TIMER )
Pointers
You can allocate memory and interface with C by having Pointers as a type in the language.
values = Pointer ( Int32 ). malloc ( 10 ) # Ask for 10 ints
Regular expressions
Regular expressions are implemented, for now, with C bindings to the PCRE library. Again, Regexp is entirely written in Crystal.
"foobarbaz" =~ /(.+)bar(.+)/ #=> 0 $1 #=> "foo" $2 #=> "baz
Ranges
Once again, implemented in Crystal.
Exceptions
You can raise and rescue exceptions. They are implemented using libunwind. We are still lacking line numbers and filenames in the stacktraces.
Exporting C functions
You can declare functions to be exported to C, so you can compile Crystal code and use it in C (although there's still no compiler flag to generate an object file, but it should be easy to implement).
fun my_c_function ( x : Int32 ) : Int32 "Yay, I can use string interpolation and call it #{ x } times from C" end
Macros
This is an experimental feature of the language where you can generate source code from AST nodes.
macro generate_method ( name , value ) " def #{ name } #{ value } end " end generate_method :foo , 1 puts foo # Prints: 1
The macros getter, setter and property are implemented in a similar way, but we've been thinking of a more powerful and simpler way to achieve the same thing so this feature might disappear.
Yield with scope
Similar to yield, but changes the implicit scope of the block.
def foo # -1 becomes the default scope where methods # are looked up in the given block - 1 . yield ( 2 ) end foo do | x | # Invokes "abs" on -1 puts abs + x #=> 3 end
This allows writing powerful DSLs with zero overhead: no allocations or closures are involved.
Something similar can be achieved in Ruby with instance_eval(&block), but for now we find it easier to implement it this way, and maybe easier to use.
Specs
We'be built a very small clone of RSpec and we are using it to test the standard library as well as the new compiler. Here's a sample spec for the Array class:
require "spec" describe "Array" do describe "index" do it "performs without a block" do a = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] a . index ( 3 ). should eq ( 2 ) a . index ( 4 ). should eq ( - 1 ) end it "performs with a block" do a = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] a . index { | i | i > 1 }. should eq ( 1 ) a . index { | i | i > 3 }. should eq ( - 1 ) end end end
So Crystal makes it extremely easy to write tests, and at the same time gives you type safety. The best of both worlds.
Roadmap
There are a lot more things to implement and we have many ideas to try out.
We still need a Garbage Collector, and we want an efficient, concurrent one.
We want to have concurrency primitives, similar to Erlang or Go.
We want to have better metaprogramming.
We might have structs, not only for C bindings, to allow writing efficient wrappers and allocating less memory.
We want tuples, named tuples and named arguments.
But the thing we want most right now is to have the compiler written in Crystal. Once we do this, we won't need Ruby anymore. We won't need to maintain two implementations of the compiler. Compilation times will be reduced drmatically (we hope!).
And also, it's very likely that the language will grow a lot because of this, and we will have learned a lot of what it feels like to program in Crystal and what needs to be improved (debugging and profiling come to our minds). Dog-fooding, they call it :-)
This year on International Workers' Day, on May 1, domestic migrant workers demonstrated in the streets of Lebanon, protesting their lack of rights. That same day, Dipendra Uprety launched the website This Is Lebanon to gather the testimonies of domestic workers and their families. Domestic workers have no rights in Lebanon, because they fall under the “kafala,” or sponsorship, system, which is not regulated by labor law. Some of them, therefore, perhaps unsurprisingly, are subjected to untold abuse.
A 2010 Human Rights Watch (HRW) report explained, “The domestic worker sector is rife with complaints of nonpayment of wages, excessive working hours, forced confinement, and even physical and sexual abuse — fueled by Lebanese labor law that excludes MDWs [Migrant Domestic Workers] from standard labor protections afforded to almost all other categories of workers, such as the right to a weekly day of rest, paid leave, benefits, and worker compensation.”
As a consequence, as documented in 2008 by HRW, one domestic worker dies per week by trying to escape, by killing themselves or after being beaten. On June 5, an Ethiopian domestic worker committed suicide in Marjayoun, in the south, and another died trying to escape her sponsor via a seventh-floor balcony in Sin el Fil, a northern suburb of Beirut.
With the help of an international team of volunteer translators and editors, Uprety launched This Is Lebanon to denounce abusive work conditions and living arrangements and to provide a platform for domestic workers in Lebanon and their families to speak out. “My wife and I were involved in helping Nepali domestic workers when we lived in Lebanon, and when we had the opportunity to emigrate to Canada, we vowed that we would continue the fight for their rights,” Uprety told Al-Monitor.
“We have not just ‘moved on' and forgotten all the abuse that we witnessed there,” he continued. “I, myself, was a victim of injustice and spent five months in a Lebanese prison although the real criminal was my sponsor, who absconded with the money I gave him to renew my papers. I was also subjected to police brutality. In my volunteer work for the Nepali consulate, I saw abuse that would make you weep. I have not forgotten.”
The first story Uprety published, in late May, was about a Lebanese man called Joe Semaan, who raped and stole from migrant workers while pretending to be a policeman. The story got almost 20,000 views along with comments, including by Semaan's former victims, like Angela, who wrote:
Then he told me, see I didn't find any passport or Iqama [residency permit] in your bag. I am a police[man] and I am going to bring you to the station now. So I started crying and begging him not to do so. So he told me, ok I will not do that but you have to agree to have sex with me. And that time too we were going down dark streets.
He told me you can start now, transfer [to] the front seat and start by giving me a blow job. I refused, so he pushed his seat backward and started grabbing, fondling me with one hand while the other hand is on the steering wheel.
The story forced authorities to respond. They found Joe and took him into custody for interrogation.
“Go to any call center on a Sunday, show the workers Joe's picture and you will very quickly meet one of his victims,” Uprety said. “Some of them met with a human rights' lawyer, but found they could do nothing to stop him, because, being undocumented, they were too afraid to lodge an official complaint. This is how he managed to continue his dirty business for so many years. … That's why we decided to run his story.”
Uprety further stated, “The main reaction [to the website] is one of amazement that there might actually be justice for domestic workers in Lebanon. … [Joe's] arrest was temporary. His Facebook page is now up again, so he is obviously out and free. But the huge number of shares of the post ensured a speedy response from the authorities. Of course, none of his victims is prepared to lodge an official complaint, so they couldn't hold him. The women all feared that when he got out, he would come after them. And, of course, they feared deportation. But the pic of him in handcuffs was a little bit of sweet justice for his many victims.”
The aim of This Is Lebanon is first to name and shame. “There is a sense of impunity in Lebanon,” Uprety said. “You can do whatever you want to your domestic worker and get away with it. Well, not anymore. We want those who abuse domestic workers to know that their abuses will not be hidden, that when she goes home, she now has a way of telling people what she suffered. Lebanon is a ‘shame culture.' People really care about their reputation. Maybe if they know their worker can expose their dirty secrets, they will be less likely to abuse her.”
Uprety's take on Lebanese society is one shared by Farah Salka, the executive director of the Anti-Racism Movement. “International shaming is the only thing working in Lebanon, because people only care about their reputation,” she told Al-Monitor. “Lebanese people don't see domestic workers as people, even people who don't think they are racist. But this country couldn't function a day without them and in return, we are so ungrateful.”
On the reasons behind the abuse of domestic workers, Salka cited “the sponsorship system, the lack of legal protection and pure racism, against everybody. She added, “Domestic workers are at the bottom at the chain. We are known internationally for our racism, but still, people here don't understand the problem. And I am talking about my family, my friends, myself before. … It is to such an extent [to include] violence and discrimination.”
For the anti-racism activist, associations and volunteers alone are not enough to change the situation. “We need to have on our side the media, judges, teachers, policymakers and many others to have a real impact,” Salka asserted. “We need support from the public.”
At the end of the day, naming, blaming, shaming and trying to change the situation have a common goal — reform of the kafala system to protect domestic and migrant workers. For the moment, no concrete steps have been taken in that direction.
UPDATE: N.J. dad to appear in court today following son's death
HADDON TWP. -- The father of 3-year-old Brendan Creato, who was found dead near the Cooper River in October, was arrested Monday and charged with his son's killing, the Camden County Prosecutor's Office announced.
David "D.J." Creato Jr., 22, was indicted by a grand jury for first-degree murder and second-degree endangering the welfare of a child.
He was arrested approximately 2:15 p.m. Monday in Washington Township and is being held at the Camden County Jail, according to the prosecutor's office.
Brendan Creato was reported missing by his father around 6 a.m on the morning of Oct. 13. Search dogs found Brendan's body approximately three hours later in a wooded area a half-mile from his home.
Autopsy results were inconclusive and a cause of death could not be determined, prosecutors said previously. Toxicology results were also negative, Richard J. Fuschino Jr., the attorney for father D.J. Creato previously said.
Attempts to reach Fuschino for comment Monday afternoon were unsuccessful. A message left with Philadelphia attorney William Brennan, who is representing D.J.'s parents and sister, was not returned.
The prosecutor's office said there were no signs of forced entry at the apartment, which D.J. Creato has since vacated, and that Brendan was not sexually abused.
In the 911 call, Creato tells police he had just woken up to find that his son was missing. A woman's voice, later identified to be Creato's mother Lisa, can be heard in the background calling the boy's name.
"The top door was locked and the bottom door was locked. He must have unlocked both doors. I don't know what happened," Creato says during the 911 call.
Fuschino later said that Brendan had been at his grandparents' house in Haddon Township earlier that night before he was dropped off at Creato's apartment around 8:30 p.m. The two read a few books and had a snack before Brendan fell asleep on the couch before 10 p.m., Fuschino said in interviews with the Philadelphia Inquirer and PhillyVoice.com.
The 911 call prompted a townwide search until the boy's body was found three hours after he was reported missing.
Brendan's mother, Samantha Denoto, hasn't spoken publicly since the night a vigil was held outside Creato's apartment.
"This is a very difficult time for our family," the Denoto family told NJ Advance Media via email on Monday afternoon, adding that they request privacy and would not be making statements regarding Monday's announcement.
D.J. Creato's sister, Sarah Jessica, testified in front of the grand jury, according to previous reports.
"This appears to be a terrible tragic accidental death," Philadelphia-based attorney William Brennan, said in November, declining to say whether any other subpoenas had been delivered to his clients.
A video created by Sarah Creato as part of a school project reportedly portrayed Brendan as a toddler who goes missing and is later found dead.
Brennan said that his client read a novel titled "Catalyst" in high school, which involves the death of a 3-year-old, and used it as the source material for the school project.
Police said they were aware of the video, as well as comments made online by D.J. Creato's girlfriend, Julia Spensky, 17, of New York.
In a blog post that has since been removed, Spensky wrote that she was "possibly a suspect in a homicide investigation."
Spensky was at Creato's apartment the weekend before but was not there that night, Fuschino said.
Creato is scheduled to be arraigned Tuesday afternoon at the Camden County Hall of Justice. In a statement, the Camden County Prosecutor's Office declined to release any information regarding the arrest.
Greg Adomaitis may be reached at gadomaitis@njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @GregAdomaitis . Find the South Jersey Times on Facebook
Canadian Prime Minister Mandates Beginning Process To Legalize Pot
But what are the mechanics of the process and how long will it take?
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has long-established himself as pot-friendly, but he's about to take that to a new level by mandating that marijuana be legalized.
Trudeau recently outlined this plan in a letter issued to the Minister of Justice and Attorney General of Canada. Among several other mandates, he ordered them to work “with the Ministers of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness and Health [and] create a federal-provincial-territorial process that will lead to the legalization and regulation of marijuana."
However, the mechanics of this process and how long it will take to become a reality is still unclear. Trudeau has previously indicated that legal marijuana in Canada would follow a model similar to that of Colorado.
It also appears that Trudeau's move around marijuana is simply keeping in line with what the majority of Canadians want. A recent survey based out of Toronto found that 59% of Canadian adults polled would approve the country's Liberal Party legalizing marijuana, up 7% from just three months ago.
The findings, released by market research firm Forum Research, also showed that 45% of respondents wanted a government agency to control how marijuana would be grown and sold in the country. Nearly 31% of voters confirmed that they would smoke marijuana themselves if it were legal.
While on the campaign trail earlier this year, Trudeau said that marijuana is “less addictive than many other [drugs].” He also addressed concerns around teen drug use and argued that the country's current approach to pot “makes it easier for young people to access marijuana than it is for them to access beer or even cigarettes and ... is actually funding criminal organizations, street gangs and gun runners.”
Trudeau even took a page out of Obama's book and said that he has previously smoked marijuana. However, he said in a 2013 interview that he is a rare user and that he had only smoked pot “five or six times in my life.”
Why is this funny? Still from “Bound 3.”
Did you catch this week's Internet explosion? On Monday, James Franco and Seth Rogen released a parody of Kanye West's latest video, “Bound 2,” a ludicrous festival of kitsch complete with horses, sunsets, and Kanye dry-humping a topless Kim Kardashian on a motorcycle. In “Bound 3,” Franco replaces Kanye, and Rogen, naturally, replaces Kardashian. Due to the stream of superlatives being awarded to the parody—epic, viral, winning the Internet, destroying the Internet—I sat down to watch it with high expectations. But after 30 seconds, I cringed and turned it off, free of the temptation to add my “OMG #WINNING” tweet to the cascade. The gag is just too familiar: a guy kissing a guy (instead of a lady), with a little wink of knowingness to let itself off the hook.
But I'm in the minority: Kanye's original video has 9 million views; the parody already has half that. The popularity is understandable: The “Shot. By. Shot.” fidelity of “Bound 3” is impressive (watch this side-by-side for proof). It's a feat of editing for sure—but that precision only underscores the fact that the only real joke is that they subbed a man for a woman. Everything else is the same.
Adding the specter of queerness to make something funny is nothing new or shocking. It's a classic in the bro-humor canon (a straight prostitute turns out to be trans, like in The Hangover II; instant LOLs) and in stand-up (James Franco's recent roast was one nonstop gay joke). Whether that stuff is homophobic or offensive or fair-game in comedy is a separate conversation. But at least people are aware that it might be iffy—what's interesting here is how a video like “Bound 3” gets treated without suspicion.
One of the many people who emailed me the video when it was blowing up was an old boss, surely with the best of intentions. He thought I'd get a kick out of it, not thinking of me as gay, but rather just remembering the Kanye-mocking hours we shared in the aftermath of Swift-gate. Yet, it's hard to imagine him sending me a clip of Seth Rogen calling James Franco a cocksucker eight different ways—just like it's hard to imagine many of the swath of liberal Internet who loved “Bound 3” delighting so simply in more straightforward gay jokes.
It's not that Franco and Rogen are bigots—given Franco's demonstrated interest in serious gay-themed projects, such a charge is especially impossible in his case. And perhaps the duo was trying in some way to critique the sexist position Kardashian occupies in the original video. But there is still some sense here that gay kissing is transgressive or risky, evidenced by the fact that people have praised them for being so “comfortable with [their] manhood.”
And that's the part I'm sick of. Sure, it can be read as a step forward that today mainstream actors aren't afraid to be seen kissing men in jest, the way they surely would have been a generation ago. But that an image of gay affection—just by virtue of its gayness—can still propel a joke to viral stardom is a sign of another step we've yet to take. Lots of us now live in a world where two guys cuddle and kiss, and where it's not a joke at all, but simply loving or sweet.
The whole point of parody is that it hones in on something true about its subject and exaggerates it for comedy. Obama as a patrician professor, Bush as an illiterate cowboy. “Bound 3” doesn't amp up Kanye's kitsch or try to highlight his messianic self-seriousness; all it does it gay up his straightness. At best, that's a failure of imagination. (Kanye's heterosexuality was the thing that popped out at you to mock?) At worst, it's regressive.
When Sarah Huckabee Sanders announced that she “completely disagreed” with a Politifact report which found only 5 percent of President Donald Trump's statements were true, “The View” co-host Whoopi Goldberg had only one question.
“Where was President Obama born and is he an American citizen?” Goldberg asked during Wednesday's broadcast.
“I think that has been pretty well addressed,” Sanders replied.
“But this narrative, this is what I'm talking about,” Goldberg said. “That's a [false] narrative that went on forever and [Trump] didn't clear it up until after he was in office.”
Sanders appeared on the program alongside her father Mike Huckabee, who previously served as the Republican governor of Arkansas.
The pair fielded questions about their support of Trump as “The View” co-hosts pressed them on some of the president's most controversial moments.
The Samsung Galaxy S7 is still one of (if not the) the best high-end phone you can get from carriers. The problem: it's really expensive too. There are often deals on GSM unlocked versions of the phone, but what are Verizon customers to do? Cry? No, you can just buy this open box GS7 for a mere $429.99.
According to the listing, this device is new and unused, but the packaging has been opened and it won't come with earbuds or a SIM card. Verizon wants $672 for the GS7 still. The phone itself is available in either black or gold, and like all Verizon phones, it's unlocked with a few bands that work on other carriers. It's best on Verizon, of course.
The seller notes that there's still 8 months left on the warranty, but I'm not sure how easily you'd be able to take advantage of it with an eBay'd phone. Shipping is free to the US (no international options) and sales tax is charged only in New York.
Have you ever done anything crazy or had an experience you knew you'd remember for a life-time?
I was fortunate to have Bobby ‘Nashty' Nash fly out to the Golden State of California for a week of van-living and wrestling training — He recently signed a contract with the UFC and trains full time, so I knew once I made the decision to come out of retirement and compete in the upcoming US Open he would be down to train with me.
The only problem — where to host him?
Well…we stayed in the van. I slept in the bed and he slept in the hammock floating over myself and the floor.
Below are 10 questions I asked Nashty about his thoughts on living in a van, training, and his career in the UFC.
Gfinity's eSports director has told eSports News UK that a story about its Modern Warfare Remastered tournament is incorrect.
The story from Dexerto assumed that the tournament will get teams using a PC and playing with a controller, but Gfinity has rubbished this claim.
"It's a Christmas promotion event and we might have one console team in the tournament to add a nice angle to it. But it's certainly not a PC event forcing people to use pads," Gfinity's eSports director said.
Original story:
Some players have called out Gfinity for its upcoming $25,000 Call of Duty: Modern Warfare Remastered OMEN Invitational.
Sponsored by HP's gaming brand OMEN, Gfinity says the tournament will feature "four of the world's most historic Call of Duty: Modern Warfare teams".
The December 3rd tournament is being played on PC (most likely because of the sponsor). However, it's believed that controllers will be used, according to Dexerto, who also published a rumour suggesting the invited teams will come from a console background.
Gfinity said in a statement on its website: "In true nostalgic fashion, the OMEN Invitational will be powered by the OMEN X, the latest and most powerful gaming desktop on the market, as the Gfinity Arena showcases Modern Warfare Remastered's new generation experience, featuring high-definition graphics, enhanced textures, high-dynamic range lighting and much more."
The decision to apparently host the tournament on PC but using controllers has been criticised by several people in the eSports and gaming community.
@phantasyftw @Gfinity haha i just facepalm when i hear cod comp nowadays. Jetpacks, Killstreaks, and specialist in comp and with JOYSTICKS — KenWorth (@TBNRKenny) November 14, 2016
STEEV92 commented on the Gfinity website: "You are joking? Console players on PC? Was it that hard to re-call the top 30 previously active teams in Call of Duty 4 PC instead of rounding up some 'pros' from the console scene? Complete and utter embarrassment."
Sam Van Tilburgh, head of marketing at Gfinity added in the original press release: "As one of the most historic titles within the gaming industry, we're excited to host our first ever Call of Duty: Modern Warfare event, which I'm sure our loyal community will enjoy.
"It is also a fantastic opportunity to continue our partnership with one of the world's leading technology companies, HP, as we host the Omen Invitational."
We've reached out to Gfinity for clarification and will update this article when we hear back.
Tim Slade, Warren Luff and Alex Davison have been added to the Objective Racing McLaren driver roster for the Liqui-Moly Bathurst 12 Hour from February 3-5.
The trio of experienced Supercars and GT racers join team/owner driver Tony Walls in the 650S GT3 in an ever-blossoming field.
“Like last year, we're well prepared and have a great driver line-up,” Walls explained.
“Barring any mechanical or ‘finger trouble' or mishaps I think we're looking strong from a Pro/Am class perspective.
“And if we don't fall off the back of the leading train after my stint in the car then I don't think we're far off the front of the main game, either.
“Like most years we try to stay under the radar and go about our business.”
Walls, who was last year one of the quickest unseeded drivers during his time behind the wheel, said the experience in their driving squad would serve the team well.
“Myself and Luffy have done plenty of time in the car. Sladey has plenty of experience and didn't take any time to get on top of the car last year.
“Alex is yet to have his first taste but will test next week. He's got plenty of time in GT cars and will adapt quickly.
Slade becomes the eighth full-time Supercars Championship runner to join the field.
“The main aim this year is to go longer and get some laps in the race this year,” Slade said.
“It's an event I really enjoy doing. It's a mega track in a mega car especially with the amount of high-speed grip they have. It makes it pretty enjoyable.”
“Tony leaves no expense spared which is always a nice feeling, coming into an operation like that. Andy (McElrea, from McElrea Racing) runs a really good operation and from that perspective everything is as good as it could be.
“Our aim last year was to win ProAm and this year is no different.”
A final entry list is expected to be made available early next week.
Microsoft is celebrating Anime Month, which is something they totally made up as a reason to give away free anime!
The promotion is only available for those with an American Microsoft account, which is easy to make if you don't have one. Just click the image and you'll be taken to the anime page were you can purchase it for free, all without putting in a credit card. The series only includes the English dubs. All series descriptions are from Microsoft.
The Devil is a Part-Timer!
Inches away from conquering the world, the devil is foiled by a hero and finds himself in modern-day Tokyo. With no real-world skills to speak of, the devil is forced to make ends meet flipping burgers at a fast food joint!
© Satoshi Wagahara / ASCII Media Works / White Fox
Fairy Tail Season One – Part One
Lucy wants nothing more than to join Fairy Tail, the most rambunctious wizard's guild in Fiore. When a phony lures her onto his ship with the promise of getting into the guild of her dreams, her newest friends arrive to bail her out!
© Hiro Mashima / Kodansha / A-1 Pictures / Satelight
Black Butler Season One
Ceil Phantomhive was born into a life of luxury, only to have his parents murdered before his eyes. Wrought with grief, he summoned a devilish servant, Sebastian, to help him track down – and suitably punish – the fiends who made him an orphan.
© Yana Toboso / Square Enix / A-1 Pictures
Steins;Gate Part One
Rintaro Okabe is a self-proclaimed “mad scientist” plagued by paranoid delusions of a nefarious organization known as SERN. Fueled by their imaginations, Okabe and his friends form a secret laboratory and seek to unlock the mysteries of time travel!
© 5pb. / Nitroplus / White Fox
In addition to the four series downloads, you can watch the first three episodes for free for:
Tiger & Bunny, InuYasha, Nura: Rise of the Yokai Clan – Demon Capital, Naruto Shippuden, Blood Lad (dub and sub), Death Note, Gargantia on the Verdurou Planet (dub and sub), and K.
The first two episodes of Naruto are also available.
Will you be celebrating Anime Month? Let's be honest here, every month is Anime Month.
Guess what? It's time to "Dance your cares away/ Worry's for another day/ Let the music play/ Down at Fraggle Rock!" The Fraggles are back! According to Variety, the Weinsteins are teaming up with Lisa Henson of the Jim Henson Company to bring a live-action, half-human half-puppet Fraggle Rock extravaganza to the big screen. Check it out:
Just like the series, the film will be populated by a mix of human characters and Fraggle Rock puppets. . .Pic will take the core characters Gobo, Wembley, Mokey, Boober and Red outside of their home in Fraggle Rock, where they interact with humans, which they think are aliens. The show premiered on HBO in 1983, ran five seasons and was broadcast in more than 80 countries. It posted strong sales recently when the first three seasons were released on DVD.
Awww! I'm excited about this news for so many reasons, but first and foremost: Hooray for no CGI! It'll be so great to get some good old-fashioned puppets, just like we'll get with Jason Segel's Muppet project. Plus, I can't wait to see some Fraggle musical production numbers choreographed for the big screen — and hopefully accompanied by Gobo on his gourd guitar.
Want to take a sweet little trip down Memory Lane? After the jump, relive the adorableness that is the opening sequence to Fraggle Rock. You can enjoy when you
.
Source
There has been a lot written recently about Google's mobile-friendly search algorithm update, starting first with SEO expert blogs, and ending up being covered by mainstream media sites. The update promised to penalise sites for not being mobile-friendly.
Google announced the change, along with advice about how to check the status of your site with respect to how it will hold up against these new updates. One of the tools recommended checking your site on is the Mobile-Friendly Test. The advice seems to be if your site passes this test, then it's mobile-friendly, and you don't need to worry.
A responsive solution
I came across a tweet offering a solution to Google's mobile-friendliness update; the solution was simply responsive design. I thought to myself, that's not a proper solution to this problem, since responsive design in itself does not equate to mobile-friendliness, not necessarily anyway. And responsive design shouldn't be your goal—if anything it should be the means to your goal, and your goal should be a fast, efficient website. Anybody doubting this, have a read of Firtman's article on responsive design and mobile strategy. This is not a rant against responsive techniques; if responsive design is used properly, then it can be an extremely useful tool. But it is just a tool, a technique, and shouldn't be an end in itself; rather, it should be a means to an end.
With everyone's mobile search rankings allegedly at stake, it's worth taking a closer look at the prescription from Google.
Crafting a non mobile-friendly page
I wanted to verify Google's Mobile-Friendly Test, and determine whether it was good enough for Google just to be responsive, without worrying about being mobile-friendly. Can I make a non mobile-friendly responsive page? Of course the answer is ‘yes'. You can make a non mobile-friendly page regardless of the design technique pretty easily. Simply adding a giant image is a convenient way to push up the byte count so that the page is slow and expensive to load.
The page is here. It's a simple responsive Twitter Bootstrap page, with a 50MB 65MB 100MB image included. (I made a few versions, starting at 50MB, and working up to 100MB). Bootstrap was chosen because it's a common responsive framework, with large installation base.
I fed this page to the Mobile-Friendly Test, and it informed me that the page was not mobile-friendly, because resources were wider than the screen. Fair enough, the 100MB image was 24000px wide.
But I thought it interesting that the reason it failed was because of the width, rather than the onslought of bytes I'd just unleashed on it.
So, one more quick test: I added width="100%" to the img element and tested again. This time, the page was reported as mobile-friendly.
After trying with a 50MB image, I tried again with a 65MB image–this size matches the size of a webpage cost experiment previously described on mobiForge, in which a 65MB ‘mobile' page was downloaded at a (roaming) cost of €369, or $480! And just for the heck of it, and because round numbers are nice, I tried a 100MB image. All with the same results: mobile-friendly when the width was set to 100%, and not mobile-friendly otherwise.
And just to come at it from the other direction, I created another page that was tiny by comparison, weighing in at just 280KB. It was a similar page, with a big difference: a small image with fixed width of 421 pixels. (After a little experimenting, 420 pixels was found to be the maximum width the Mobile-Friendly Test would accept)
I ran the test a couple of times more, changing the width of the image from 420px to 421px. When set to 421px, it failed. When set to 420px it passed.
Time for a quick recap
According to this test a 100MB page, which could take in excess of 10 minutes to load on a mobile network, if it even loads, with a potential cost of over €600 to download, is considered mobile-friendly. And a page of 280KB, with an image a couple of pixels wider than the average mobile phone screen, is considered not mobile-friendly.
Let's be clear:
100MB is not mobile-friendly
10 minute+ load times are not mobile-friendly; 5 minutes, even 1 minute, is not mobile-friendly
Squeezing pixels onto a screen does not make them mobile-friendly
Why big is bad
Big is slow Here's a video of the page loading on a desktop machine over a 50Mbs DSL connection. If you don't like watching boring videos (SPOILER ALERT FOLLOWS) I'll save you the trouble, and tell you that it took around one and a half minutes to load; again, this on a high-spec desktop computer with a reliable DSL connection. And here's a video of the page loading on a mobile device over an LTE network connection I attempted a few times to record a video of the page loading over an LTE cell connection. But it turned out to be a pretty boring video, and after five minutes the browser crashed anyway. Mobile-friendly? I think not! Big is expensive As mentioned earlier, one of the tests I tried was with a 65MB page; a page of that size was previously shown to cost $369 to load. A 100MB page could cost even more.
So, big is slow, and big is expensive—big is definitely bad. Big is also hard to render. The test page above caused lag and jerk on a desktop computer with an i7 processor and 16GB of RAM. It was a contrived example of course, but who amongst us hasn't experienced lag on a mobile-browser due to bloated pages? People will use whatever device is to hand. Brad Frost points to one user with the low-powered e-ink Kindle as her main browsing device. Separately he mentions that your webpages are going to be rendered on devices that don't even exist yet. This idea is echoed elsewhere too. In his article Zen and the Art of Wearable Markup Jeffrey Zeldman mentions “how a site created in 2015 can deliver content and experiences to a Palm Pilot, a feature phone, a game console, or, dare we dream, a wearable”. Low-powered devices will be used. Small screens will be used. While you can't optimise for everything, you can try to support as many devices as you can. Awareness of page weight is just one of the things that will help you achieve this.
If you need further convincing have a read of any of the numerous studies linking increases in page load time to decreases in conversions. While there might be some desktop web apps where such large pages might be appropriate—high resolution photography for example—generally it's safe to say 100MB page is way over the top, even on desktop, and especially on mobile. You can learn all about understanding web page weight here.
What have we learned?
The most obvious thing here is that the test is broken, or wrong. 100MB is not mobile-friendly. We should be aiming for KBs in the low hundreds, if not lower, not MBs; and less than 1 second to first render, not minutes.
The next lesson is that Google is (probably unwittingly) misleading its users with this test. On its mobile-friendly update announcement page, it says:
If you're a webmaster, you can get ready for this change by using the following tools to see how Googlebot views your pages:
If you want to test a few pages, you can use the Mobile-Friendly Test.
This suggests that this test uses the same algorithm that its search uses to make adjustments to its ranking based on mobile-friendliness, or at least it feeds into it: if you pass this test, then you have nothing to worry about. If this is the case, then it's pretty reckless. A page of 65MB, costing €369/$480, is considered mobile friendly now. And even worse, so too is a 100MB page!
And if this algorithm is not the one feeding into the ranking algorithm, then Google is still misleading users, telling them that their pages are mobile-friendly and not to worry, when really they will be penalised, whether by Google, for having slow pages, or by users who won't wait for their pages to finish loading.
The next point worth noting follows on from the last: because of its dominant position in search—being judged, jury and executioner for issues like this—Google is able to publish such a tool, and have the whole web jump through hoops, which might not be the right hoops, and this is a dangerous thing.
The main point to take home here though is not that Google's Mobile-Friendly Test tool is wrong. This, in fairness, is probably an oversight on Google's part anyway, since nobody in their right mind would agree that a 100MB page is mobile-friendly. The lesson here rather should be that taking a simple squeeze-pixels-to-fit-screen approach to mobile simply isn't right: being mobile-friendly is about more than just screen width. And if you take this approach you might end up with a nice, pretty site, but if you're not careful about the implementation, your pretty site might also end up a pixel-pressed Spruce Goose, an unwieldy beast that will never fly. Whether it's Google that penalises you, or impatient users, doesn't really matter; what matters is that page-weight matters, and excessive page-weight will be penalised.
Boxing Schedule
Looking for a fight tonight? PBC brings the world's most exciting fights live to your TV on FOX, FOX Sports 1, SHOWTIME, Bounce and ITV. Don't miss a single fight night.
Get Fight Alerts Never miss a fight! Add our schedule to your calendar and receive a reminder before each PBC fight. Get Reminders
TIME TO LIVE BROADCAST 0 0 DAYS : 0 0 HRS : 0 0 MNS Lara vs Castano
Barclays Center, Brooklyn, New York
View Fight Night LIVE ON SHOWTIME 9PM ET / 6PM PT LIVE ON SHOWTIME LIVE STREAM 9PM ET / 6PM PT STREAM LIVE IN PERSON 9PM ET / 6PM PT TICKET SALES
TIME TO LIVE BROADCAST 0 0 DAYS : 0 0 HRS : 0 0 MNS Porter vs Ugas
Dignity Health Sports Park, Carson, California
View Fight Night LIVE ON FOX 8PM ET / 5PM PT LIVE ON FOX LIVE STREAM 8PM ET / 5PM PT STREAM LIVE IN PERSON 8PM ET / 5PM PT TICKET SALES
TIME TO LIVE BROADCAST 0 0 DAYS : 0 0 HRS : 0 0 MNS Peterson vs Lipinets
MGM National Harbor, Oxon Hill, Maryland
View Fight Night LIVE ON FS1 8PM ET / 5PM PT LIVE ON FS1 LIVE STREAM 8PM ET / 5PM PT STREAM LIVE IN PERSON 8PM ET / 5PM PT TICKET SALES
TIME TO LIVE BROADCAST 0 0 DAYS : 0 0 HRS : 0 0 MNS Quillin vs Truax
The Armory, Minneapolis, Minnesota
View Fight Night LIVE ON FS1 10PM ET / 7PM PT LIVE ON FS1 LIVE STREAM 10PM ET / 7PM PT STREAM LIVE IN PERSON 10PM ET / 7PM PT TICKET SALES
EMBED >More News Videos Jerome Bartee's attorney said the 2016 jailhouse beating was so intense, doctors had to reconstruct his face.
EMBED >More News Videos Jerome Bartee said his face was so badly mangled, they had to use screws and a metal plate during reconstructive surgery.
EMBED >More News Videos A Harris County jail inmate has filed a civil lawsuit after an altercation that left him with bone, eye socket and nerve damage.
EMBED >More News Videos Inmate released after officers suspended for alleged assault, Tracy Clemons reports.
The announcement by the Harris County District Attorney's Office today brought relief, but also a sense of frustration.Attorney Don Kidd said it took more than a year for the accused jailers to be charged in the brutal beating of Jerome Bartee.The new photos given to us by Kidd are difficult to look at, but show extensive injuries he received inside the Harris County jail last September.His face is visibly swollen and bloody, and his eye is purple, black and severely damaged."He still has issues with his left eye," Kidd told Eyewitness News. "His vision has been impaired and it will be permanently."Bartee was left with a broken nose and an eye socket damaged so badly, surgeons had to put a metal plate in his face. Doctors also said Bartee was left with facial nerve damage.The former inmate alleges he was attacked by a group of officers during a trip to the medical section of the Harris County Jail.Assistant District Attorney Jules Johnson said while evidence shows Bartee exchanged words with detention officers at the Baker Street jail, he was "beaten to the point he was unrecognizable."Jeremy Ringle, Joshua Degler, Napoleon Harmon and Andrew Rowell have been indicted for aggravated assault by a public servant, a first degree felony.These detention officers face the possibility of between five and 99 years in prison, and a fine of up to $10,000.Salvador Garibay was indicted on misdemeanor assault. He faces up to one year in jail and a $4,000 fine.Arrest warrants have been issued for each of the indicted officers, who are expected to surrender."The evidence shows these detention officers cross the line when it comes to the use of force," District Attorney Kim Ogg said in a statement this afternoon."At the Harris County Jail, this isn't surprising," Kidd said,. "There's been a culture of abuse at Harris County Jail for a long time."We were there last September when Bartee was released from jail into the arms of his family.He wasn't in the position to talk to us tonight, but Kidd said he's feeling one step closer to justice."He's relieved that finally the Harris County district attorney was able to take these cases to the grand jury, and he feels vindicated now that there's been indictments of the people who beat him," Kidd said.Bartee still has a long road ahead of him, physically and emotionally. Legally, however, the ball is now rolling.The jailers will have to be arrested, arraigned and taken through the jail process, but it's a process Kidd is grateful for."Fifteen months since this happened," Kidd said. "I think it's long overdue."
What would race riots organized on Facebook look like? The best-selling author, who coined the term "viral media" in 1993, says the camcorder days of Rodney King offer insights into the "great viral summer" of 2013.
With stories from the NSA scandal to Paula Deen's downfall to the George Zimmerman trial, we're in the midst of what is already destined to be remembered as one of those great viral summers. It's reminiscent of the summer media frenzy of 1992, when Long Island Lolita Amy Fisher shot Mary Jo Buttafuoco, Woody Allen bedded stepdaughter Soon Yi Previn, and thousands rioted in Los Angeles after the cops who beat Rodney King were acquitted.
But in both cases, the cultural contagion and resulting confusion may have had less to do with the stories themselves than the new technologies through which they were being transmitted. When media change, so too does our perception of the world. Everything old seems new again, even though it's really just a repeat of some earlier trope. Second verse, same as the first … now in 3D!
Back in the early 1990s, we were in the very beginning of the new media age. And by new media, I don't mean the websites and social networks we're on today. No, I'm talking about fax machines, reality television, cable news, the VCR, and the camcorder. These new media turned the broadcast universe on its head.
PHOTOS: THR's 35 Most Powerful People in Media 2013
Not only were office workers delightedly faxing each other “blonde” jokes, but stories that may not have seen the light of day in the old media universe suddenly moved to center stage. Black men in Los Angeles had already been facing police brutality on a nightly basis. But the addition of camcorders into the consumer electronics arsenal made the recording of at least one instance of such brutality inevitable. A private citizen happened to be in the right place at the right time, CNN and other 24-hour news channels couldn't help but broadcast the unedited footage the moment they received it, and the rest is history.
The Rodney King tape was spread throughout the media overnight not because a black man was being beaten. No, the initial story was simply that such an event had been captured by a camcorder! This was a story about the power of a new medium – so much so, that one electronics company put a full page ad in Rolling Stone featuring a black fist holding a camcorder with the caption, “The Power Is in Your Hands.”
Likewise, the reality dramas of the Amy Fisher trial played out on new cable court television shows as well as in crash-edited television movies put out by all the major networks to run alongside the news-in-progress. This was a new, media-driven sensibility as well. 1992 was the year MTV's archetypal reality series Real World launched, bringing with it a new television-as-live-surveillance ethos -- as well as an emphasis on tragedy and humiliation. The lines between news and entertainment were blurring: Vice presidential candidate Dan Quayle debated fictional TV news reporter Murphy Brown, and lost.
PHOTOS: The Most Talked-About TV News Faces
In 1993, I came up with the term “viral media” to describe this new ability of stories to reach epidemic levels, mutating and replicating as they moved from person to person, show to show, news to fiction and back again. Our cultural fascinations were changing along with the styles of media we used to consume and spread them. All this contagion seemed threatening at the time, but in hindsight, the era of the slow-motion O.J. Simpson police chase, Beavis and Butt-head, Madonna and Michael Jackson, or even the first computer viruses appear almost quaint.
Today, our social media amplify and accelerate word of mouth to a new level. These aren't hushed water-cooler conversation about whatever salacious gossip we've seen on the news; they are publicly broadcasted pronouncements about who is a hero, who is a traitor, who is a liar, or who is a fraud. In a media culture that values retweets and “likes” even more than money, stories spread and replicate less because they titillate than because they are suitable subjects for loud, definitive, 140-character declarations.
The importance of the NSA scandal to public opinion about security vs. privacy gives way to a polarized shouting match over Edward Snowden's patriotism. Paula Deen used the N-word, serving as this summer's mandatory litmus test on racial slurs: Can we forgive her? No. And Trayvon Martin becomes the smartphone era's version of Rodney King, as jurists try to piece together a narrative from cell calls instead of videotape. We can only imagine, if Zimmerman goes free, what race riots organized via Facebook might look like.
PHOTOS: The 21 Best Movies About Whistleblowers
All along the way, mainstream media news is as powerless to resist the rising tide of Twitter as its predecessors were to resist the “race to the bottom” fomented by Jerry Springer and the National Enquirer. As if desperate to find content relevant to stories that are moving just too slow for the pace of their news shows, cable channels end up reading Tweets and Facebook posts on the air. The trending waves of social media are really the only aspect of these stories that matter to people, anyway. They're more emotional mirrors -- or at least they are used that way -- than they are actionable news and information.
That's why when we look at the kinds of stories making the headlines, we have to remind ourselves that the particular characters and events within them are not really so important in themselves. For every “white trash” murder story in rotation on Court TV, there are a dozen more that never make the cut. Even the current NSA scandal is just one of a series of similar leaks and otherwise boring New York Times section-one stories.
Instead, it's all about timing. Social media is more like a standing wave, just waiting for the right kind of content to fill it. So our anxiousness about big data surveillance -- an idea in the public imagination since Will Smith's Enemy of the State or Chris Nolan's first Batman movie -- creates the wave. This latest of many Patriot Act revelations merely fills it.
As Marshall McLuhan would have put it: The medium is the message. Remember that the next time you find yourself wondering why a particular story is trending for no good reason. In an always-on, socially driven media, the readiness is all.
Douglas Rushkoff is a media theorist and the author, most recently, of Present Shock: When Everything Happens Now.
The Russian state news channel Russia-24 came with an updated report that sheds more light in a peculiar case that shaken Greece right before the financial crisis hit the country. Connecting the dots through additional information allegedly coming from the Russian intelligence, the report supports a scenario that could have been taken from CIA textbooks. According to this, there was a well-organized operation against former Greek PM, Kostas Karamanlis, aiming his political extermination and even assassination, once he had 'dangerously' approached Russia. While assassination plans didn't succeed, Karamanlis lost the elections of 2009 midst social, political and financial instability allegedly reinforced by this operation.
The story begins in 2008, or even before this year. The then Greek PM, Kostas Karamanlis starts facing difficulties with the Greek economy. In his foreign policy he tries to get closer to Russia in several key directions, from increasing trade volumes to purchasing arms.
Karamanlis called Vladimir Putin his friend and Moscow was his strategic partner. He supported Greece's participation in the Burgas–Alexandroupoli pipeline and the South Stream. This was a gas pipeline to deliver Russian oil and gas to South and Central Europe. Agreements between the governments were signed.
Kostas Karamanlis couldn't have known that because of these meetings and negotiations, not deals, certain forces in Greece and beyond would start an intricate plan to disrupt the projects. From the standard destabilization of the country to the change of the political course. This became famous from numerous Greek press articles.
If we are to believe what has been published, the plan was called Pythia-1. This plan was to be executed by foreign agents deployed in Greece. Nobody knows which countries are behind them, but it's a known fact that they had allies among the Greeks. These include the Army, authorities and deputies. This was a well-prepared, well-organized group, which has been following the Greek leader. It seems that they were preparing his assassination.
The Greek National Intelligence Service received a tip from the Russian FSB. Based on this data, a secret document was created. The media material state that the Russian special services got interest in this story after certain foreign agents' attempts to tap the phones of Kostas Karamanlis, Georgi Parvanov - the former Bulgarian president - and Vladimir Putin.
In these conversations they spoke about gas pipelines, oil and gas supplies. In the West, some really didn't want to see project like Burgas–Alexandroupoli and South Stream become a reality. It's hard to believe, but putting an entire country into chaos is still a great option.
Eventually, the intruders didn't manage to assassinate Karamanlis, but they kept a close eye on him. In that top-secret document an episode is described where Russian spies met with the conspirators face-to-face. It supposedly happened in April 2008, around Nea Makri, Attica. The attention of PM guards and Russian spies was caught by a strange minivan. People inside it left after the incident on a moped without licence plates. Inside the minivan they found an arsenal, including explosives, Kalashnikov rifles, communication tools, night vision equipment, detailed maps with the PM's itinerary, and detailed information of his bodyguards.
Weapons and maps were taken as evidence. The Attorney General's office began an investigation and after several years the case made it to court. All conspiracy members' names are kept in secret. All in the investigation's interests.
We only know a few names:
William Basil, a former CIA agent. He lived and worked in Greece since the mid 90s. He is considered the best in monitoring and phone-tapping. A warrant for his arrest was issued in 2015, but Basil had time to run. It's a known fact that tapping Karamanlis was done from the phones he personally bought. He also used SIM cards registered in Athens under US Embassy.
Former Greek parliamentary, Michalis Karhimakis is accused of treason and divulging of state secrets. He was in PASOK party and ally of George Papandreou.
Among other accused parties are two former Greek special services agents. They are also accused of treason and divulging of state secrets.
Considering the leaked data from the intel. services to the press, which mentioned about 20 political figures, we know that these four people are just the tip of the iceberg.
Karamanlis is alive, but he had to retire. He lost the snap elections in October 2009. Eventually, Greece slowly exited the Burgas–Alexandroupoli pipeline and the South Stream. Also, Greece decided not to buy Russian military equipment.
Hillary Clinton appeared to stagger and faint in footage showing her early exit from a 9/11 commemoration ceremony on Sunday, though Clinton's doctor said the episode was a result of heat and dehydration -- and revealed she had been diagnosed with pneumonia two days prior.
The Democratic presidential nominee fell on her way into her van and had to be helped by her security, according to witnesses and video of her leaving. She was “clearly having some type of medical episode," a law enforcement source told Fox News.
After more than an hour of radio silence, Clinton's campaign issued a statement saying the former Secretary of State "felt overheated," and later Sunday issued another release blaming the episode on pneumonia and dehydration.
"Secretary Clinton has been experiencing a cough related to allergies," Dr. Lisa R. Bardack said in the statement. "On Friday, during follow-up evaluation of her prolonged cough, she was diagnosed with pneumonia. She was put on antibiotics, and advised to rest and modify her schedule. While at this morning's event, she became overheated and dehydrated. I have just examined her and she is now re-hydrated and recovering nicely."
But a witness told Fox News that Clinton stumbled off the curb, her "knees buckled" and she lost a shoe as she was helped into a van during her "unexpected early departure."
MORE ON #HILLARY per witness: "unexpected early departure"; she stumbled off curb, "knees buckled", lost a shoe as she was helped into van — RickLeventhalFoxNews (@RickLeventhal) September 11, 2016
The NYPD was sent to retrieve Clinton's shoe, NBC reported.
An unverified video of the episode appeared to show Clinton collapsing as she was helped into the van.
The New Jersey resident who took the video, Zdenek Gazda, told Foxnews.com he had been a fireman in the Czech Republic and came to the 9/11 ceremony to pay his respects.
"Everything was fine, everything was good before," said Gazda, who snapped several shots of Clinton before taking the video. "I take a lot of pictures of her. She looked very nice and everything, and I don't know what happened to her."
After Clinton left the ceremony, the reporters following her on the campaign trail were prevented from leaving the media area for a period of time.
FACT CHECK: At no time did @SecretService personnel violate security protocols during the early departure of one of our protectees. — U.S. Secret Service (@SecretService) September 11, 2016
Clinton emerged from Chelsea Clinton's apartment just before noon and said she was "feeling great."
"It's a beautiful day in New York," Clinton yelled to press waiting across the street.
She bent down to take a photo with a young girl and said "thanks everybody" to a nearby crowd cheering her. Asked again about her health, Clinton said she was "great, feeling great" and then got into her van. A spokesperson said she was headed to her house in Chappaqua, where former President Bill Clinton, who did not attend the 9/11 ceremony, was waiting. She was examined by her doctor after arriving in Chappaqua.
"I am glad to learn that Secretary Clinton is already feeling better and I wish her a speedy recovery," said DNC Interim Chair Donna Brazile in a statement. "I look forward to seeing her back out on the campaign trail and continuing on the path to victory."
Clinton campaign spokesman Nick Merrill said late Sunday that Clinton will not be making the trip to California Monday or Tuesday and will instead be resting in Chappaqua.
Asked about Clinton's early exit, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said he didn't know anything about it. But Rep. Peter King told The Washington Post that during the ceremony it was Trump who informed King of Clinton's health issue.
“It was actually Trump who told me what was going on," King told a Washington Post reporter. "He leaned over and told me that 'Hillary wasn't feeling well.' I said, 'Really?'"
Clinton was in New York for Sunday's ceremony commemorating 15 years since the 9/11 terror attacks.
Clinton and Trump earlier greeted supporters as they entered the downtown Manhattan 9/11 memorial. Both had promised to suspend campaign activities to mark the 15th anniversary of the attacks.
Questions surrounding Clinton's health have emerged in recent weeks, and calls for the candidate to release her full medical records may intensify after Sunday's incident.
Clinton previously sustained a concussion in December 2012 after fainting, an episode her doctor attributed to a stomach virus and dehydration.
Clinton's doctor reported she is fully recovered from the concussion, which led to temporary double vision and discovery of a blood clot in a vein in the space between her brain and skull. Clinton also has experienced deep vein thrombosis, a clot usually in the leg, and takes the blood thinner Coumadin to prevent new clots.
Fox News' Rick Leventhal and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A Deeper Dive Into JavaScript Arrays
Sergey Abakumoff Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 9, 2016
The 5th edition of ECMA-262 standard aka ES5 introduced really useful methods of the built-in Array object : forEach, every, some, filter, map, reduce, reduceRight. The only problem is that they may not be present in all implementations of the standard, for example in MS IE8 implementation that is based on the 3rd edition of the ECMA-262. Fortunately we can work around this by inserting the polyfill for these methods in our scripts. It's all well and good, but a polyfill's code might look a little bit odd, for example here is the slightly modified MDN implementation of forEach method:
The loop on lines 13–18 seems a little bit strange, doesn't it? On the surface it may be unclear why the implementation isn't as simple as something like this:
But it turns out that this “simple” polyfill may cause significant performance penalty because ECMAScript lets developers create “sparse” arrays that have arbitrary length, just like this:
The “simple” forEach polyfill called on a1, a2 or a3 array will invoke callback function 1B+1 times including 1B redundant calls for the elements of the array which do not actually exist, for example a1[0]…a1[1000*1000*1000–1] are missing and return undefined value. Not only it could mislead the callback's code if it handles undefined values, for example counts how many of them exist in a given array, but it also may significantly increase the running time of a code. So this is completely wrong way to implement the polyfill of forEach method, moreover, you better be vigilant about using traditional for(var i=0;i<a.length;i++) loop for traversing arrays that could come up to your script from an external, potentially harmful code. Fortunately the ES5 standard explicitly specifies how forEach, map, filter, etc solve this problem:
callbackfn is called only for elements of the array which actually exist; it is not called for missing elements of the array.
The MDN polyfill gracefully implements this requirement by leveraging the distinctive feature of Array objects properties:
Array objects give special treatment to a certain class of property names. A property name P (in the form of a String value) is an array index if and only if ToString(ToUint32(P)) is equal to P and ToUint32(P) is not equal to 232−1.
In other words if an array has property with name “42” then the element with index 42 does exist in the array and vice versa. The properties are adjusted automatically when an array is being modified. Thus, in operator that is called in line 14 of the MDN polyfill checks whether an element with index k actually exists in an array. Here is the descriptive example of using this approach:
So far, so good, but here is another interesting observation : the polyfill does not check if it was called on the actual array, moreover the specification says that forEach, map, filter, etc. function:
is intentionally generic; it does not require that its this value be an Array object. Therefore it can be transferred to other kinds of objects for use as a method.
Technically, a method of one object can be “transferred” to another object by using Function.prototype.call. The most well-known application of this feature is calling Array methods on Array-like objects:
arguments object that corresponds to the parameters passed to a function is not an Array, but it has length property and indexed elements, hence Array.prototype.filter function can perfectly handle it. Note that in the code above filterFn.call returns the new Array object, so the subsequent forEach call does not require transferring.
Another example of Array-like object is HTMLCollection:
And one more trick: ECMAScript 5 introduced the way to treat the string as an array-like object, where individual characters correspond to a numerical index. You probably use this feature all the time, but take a look at how it can be leveraged to reverse a string, I guess that you probably didn't see anything like that before:
That's all, dear reader, for the first episode of “A Deeper Dive Into JavaScript” series. Hope you enjoyed it. Feel free to contact me if you have any questions.
Ioane Teitiota just wants a safe home where his family has a future, but his quest may set a legal precedent with global ramifications. Teitiota could become the world's first legally-recognized refugee from climate change.
Teitiota comes from the small South Pacific island of Kiribati. If sea levels continue to rise as a result of climate change, in less than 100 years Kiribati will disappear under the waves. Already, flooding is forcing residents to move inland as tides breach sea walls and obliterate crops. On that basis, Teitiota has applied for refugee status in New Zealand, claiming his homeland is no longer safe. If the New Zealand court agrees, other developing countries can expect their own flood of new refugee applications.
Humans are a tenacious species -- we hang on despite adversity. But there comes a point when land is simply uninhabitable and even the most resilient community will pick up in search of greener pastures. Estimates vary widely, but the most widely-cited figure -- based on calculations by Professor Norman Myers at Oxford University in 2005 -- is that the world could see as many as 200 million climate refugees by 2050.
In addition to Kiribati, in January of this year the online site CNN Travel listed the Maldives, an island nation in the Indian Ocean, as one of its five "urgent" travel destinations to "see it before it's gone." The people of the Maldives Islands are already planning where they will go when climate change causes the sea to swallow their homes.
The African communities where we work are no strangers to drought -- dry spells have been part of life for as long as anyone can remember. But now droughts in places like the Sahel region of west-central Africa, and the Horn of Africa, are striking harder and more often. There is much these communities can do to adapt, like switching to drought-resistant crops. Nevertheless, we routinely meet people on the move as arable land falls to desiccated desert.
While Filipinos dig out and rebuild from Typhoon Haiyan, scientists argue over what part climate change plays in these killer tropical storms. But Philippine government statistics since the 1940s show that the storm power in its region, as measured by wind speed, has consistently increased. Until the 1990s, the highest wind speed ever recorded for a Philippine typhoon was 275 kilometres per hour. In the 21st century, typhoons are exceeding 300 kph. Undoubtedly, there will be survivors of Haiyan who decide they'd rather live somewhere less storm-prone.
The world will face a significant humanitarian challenge in coming years. The United Nations Refugee Agency says there are currently 45 million people forcibly displaced by conflict, persecution or natural disaster. According to the International Organization for Migration, the number of people who need new homes, food supplies and livelihoods will increase by at least half, due to climate change. And the international organization, which has studied the implications of environmental migration, says large increases in forced migration will lead to increased conflict, and greater environmental destruction, as migrants burden host communities and their resources.
Canada is a global destination for refugees -- we took in 5,412 last year. Last week, the Center for Global Development in Washington, D.C., released its annual rankings of the 27 wealthiest nations on their commitment to seven areas that impact the world's poor. Canada came third in the category of migration for being a country willing to take in immigrants from developing countries. The question of environmental migration is pressing for Canada.
Canadian decision-makers are waking up to the problem. In February, the policy researchers at the Library of Parliament updated a 2010 report entitled Climate Change and Forced Migration: Canada's Role. The document opens with the stark line: "Climate change threatens to cause the largest refugee crisis in human history." While the report says Canada will benefit from some of the skilled migrants we receive, we will also be faced with increased costs for their resettlement.
The parliamentary researchers note that, like New Zealand, Canada's refugee laws have no provision for those forced from their homes by the effects of climate change. However, they say that Canada has "a moral obligation to take responsibility for the effects of climate change because Canada contributed to creating the problem."
Ironically, that Global Development report which ranked Canada third in helping migrants, also ranked us dead last on environmental measures for fighting climate change.
Whether or not Teitiota wins his case, he is the first raindrop of the oncoming storm. It's a question of when, not if, Canada sees its first environmental refugee claim. Simply denying refugee status to people like Teitiota won't make them go away, or make their homelands habitable again. We must prepare now for their arrival, and step up our game in the fight against climate change.
Craig and Marc Kielburger are co-founders of international charity and educational partner, Free The Children. Its youth empowerment event, We Day, is in 11 cities across North America this year, inspiring more than 160,000 attendees from over 4,000 schools. For more information visit www.weday.com.
Updated: 'Deadpool' Targets #1 Opening Over 'How to Be Single' & 'Zoolander 2'
February 11, 2016
SATURDAY UPDATE: Deadpool brought in an estimated $47.5 million on Friday and an "A" CinemaScore. That's the largest Friday ever in February, besting Fifty Shades of Grey's $30.2 million Friday last year by a whopping $17.3 million. Projections now have the film opening with $110-116 million for the three-day weekend and possibly as much as $130 million for the four-day, both of which would obviously be records. Here's another look at the records Deadpool is looking to break:
Right now, it looks like all of those records will be falling, but for even more detail on the records click here.
As far as other newcomers are concerned, How to be Single is performing mostly as expected, opening Friday with an estimated $5.25 million and a "B" CinemaScore, heading toward a three-day weekend around $17-19 million and a four-day weekend in the low $20 millions. Zoolander 2, however, is struggling. The fifteen-years-later sequel brought in an estimated $4.2 million on Friday along with a "C+" CinemasScore. The film is looking at a three-day around $11.5 million and a four-day total that might not reach $15 million. We'll have a complete update for you tomorrow morning.
FRIDAY UPDATE: Deadpool got off to an excellent start last night, raking in $12.7 million from Thursday previews, which began at 7PM in 2,975 theaters. This is the largest February preview ever, topping Fifty Shades of Grey, which brought in $8.6 million last year. It's also the largest R-rated preview ever, topping The Hangover Part II's $10.4 million preview session back in 2011.
We're not quite ready to update our weekend projections, though they already seem to be low, if not considerably low. The numbers to keep an eye on now are the $30.2 million Fifty Shades brought in on Friday last year and the $30.4 million American Sniper made on its first Friday in wide release. Should Deadpool top those two numbers we could be looking at a record-setting weekend. For more on the records Deadpool is hunting this weekend click here.
Warner's How to be Single brought in $700,000 during its Thursday preview frame. On the higher side of the comparisons, The Best Man Holiday brought in $750,000 before opening with $30.1 million and 21 Jump Street also started its opening weekend off with $700,000 before opening with $36.3 million. Otherwise, Sisters brought in $769,000 and opened with $13.9 million and just last month Dirty Grandpa made $660,000 from Thursday previews and opened with $11.1 million. How to be Single seems more likely to open in the mid-20s than the high-teens, which makes for a quality comparison difficult unless it actually manages to crack that $30 million mark, which we definitely aren't ready to say it will.
Finally, Paramount's Zoolander 2 brought in $750,000 from Thursday previews, which began at 7 PM in approximately 2,500 theaters.
WEEKEND PREVIEW: It's President's Day weekend, and last year it was the R-rated Fifty Shades of Grey dominating all things box office with a record-smashing $85.1 million opening that bumped up to $93 million for the four-day. This weekend brings a different kind of R-rated heat to the box office in the form of the superhero feature Deadpool, which won't likely top Fifty Shades' record, but that doesn't mean it isn't looking to perform in a big way. Additional new releases include the romantic comedy How to be Single and the fifteen-years later sequel, Zoolander 2, both of which will battle for a distant second.
Arriving in a big way this weekend, Fox's Deadpool will hit 3,558 theaters with its sights set on settling among the top ranks of R-rated comic book adaptation opening weekends. The list is currently topped by 2007's 300 with $70.8 million, followed by 2009's Watchmen with $55.2 million. The film is looking at something in the range of a $60-65 million three-day weekends and once you add Monday to the equation it could be pushing $75 million. Not exactly Fifty Shades of Grey numbers, but well above Ghost Rider's 2007 President's Day weekend opening of $52 million. Considering Deadpool is rated R and it's $58 million budget is just over half of what it cost to produce Ghost Rider, it's no surprise there are rumors of a sequel already being greenlit.
Deadpool's 3,558 theaters include 374 IMAX screens and 467 premium large format (PLF) screens and, like all of this weekend's new wide releases, it will begin screening tonight, Thursday, at 7 PM in what will probably be around 2,500 theaters. Fifty Shades kicked off its four-day weekend with $8.6 million in Thursday night previews, but another bar for comparison would be 22 Jump Street, which played in 2,746 theaters on Thursday night and brought in $5.5 million before opening with $57 million. Expect Deadpool to top that number and it's already performing very well overseas, bringing in over $12 million from seven early release markets.
In the UK, Deadpool brought in $3.4 million on its opening Wednesday, 142% higher than X-Men: Days of Future Past. In Australia it opened with $2.1 million, in France $1.8 million and another $1.4 million in Taiwan (plus $1.7 million from Monday and Tuesday sneaks), the biggest Fox opening day ever in that market. The film is opening in over 60 international markets this weekend.
WANT MORE? Record Breaker? Some Box Office Records 'Deadpool' May Be Hunting
The weekend's other two new wide releases will be interesting to watch, along with the third weekend for Kung Fu Panda, which stands to do quite well with children out of school and previous animated films doing well over the course of this weekend. It still feels a safe bet to expect the Panda to finish fourth, but if it drops less than 25% it could find itself slipping into third, possibly besting either How to be Single or Zoolander 2 for the four-day.
It's a judgment call when deciding between New Line and MGM's How to be Single and Paramount's Zoolander 2 for the second position at this weekend's box office. How to be Single benefits from being the clear bit of counter-programming, kicking its weekend off with "Girls Night Out" screenings on Thursday while Zoolander 2 is sure to find itself losing audience members as a result of opening against Deadpool. One thing to consider when it comes to Zoolander is Paramount did manage to eek out $26.2 million from Anchorman 2 back in December 2013, nine years after the original was released. But nine years is different than the fifteen years that separates Zoolander from its sequel and Anchorman 2 was up against the second weekend of The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug, which isn't quite the same as the first weekend of a brand-new comic book adaptation that has already scored a "Certified Fresh" rating at RottenTomatoes.
Both Zoolander 2 and How to be Single should finish the three-day weekend around $20 million, in a tight race for second place. Neither is getting particularly good reviews with How to be Single just barely edging out Zoolander at RottenTomatoes with 47% and 28% ratings respectively as of publication. That 19% gap might signify the slight edge the Dakota Johnson and Rebel Wilson comedy has in the end.
The Coens' Hail, Caesar! will round out the top five, but how well it performs will be interesting to see. The "C-" CinemaScore it received last weekend does not bode well for its second weekend prospects. The last seven films to receive a "C-" CinemaScore have all dropped over 50% in their second weekend with the average second weekend drop being 59.7%. Can Hail, Caesar! buck that trend? If you're thinking the fact it's a Coen film changes much, just know another fan favorite director, Michael Mann, saw Blackhat receive a "C-" just last year and it dropped 57.3% in its second weekend.
A couple other comparisons to keep in mind include The Monuments Men, which performed better in its opening weekend than Hail, Caesar!, but also starred Clooney and followed the same release pattern. It dipped only 29.7% in its second weekend. Also, a pair of previous Clooney and Coen teamings include Burn After Reading and Intolerable Cruelty, which dropped 42.3% and 48% in their second weekends respectively. All things considered, as well as the fact last weekend's numbers were likely affected by the Super Bowl, a 40-45% drop this weekend seems a safe bet.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is losing another 452 theaters and after a 37.3% drop last weekend, which was the smallest drop among the weekend's top 15, it's looking to do the same if not better this weekend. It should once again be bunched up with The Revenant and if it weren't for Deadpool stealing some of its audience it would probably do even better than we're currently projecting and still may. This, however, looks as if it might be the first weekend the film finishes outside the top five.
Also opening this weekend is the newest Michael Moore documentary Where to Invade Next in approximately 300 theaters as well as UTV's Fitoor in 147 theaters.
Just below are projections for both the three-day and four-day weekends.
THREE DAY PROJECTIONS
Deadpool (3,558 theaters) - $62.27 M
(3,558 theaters) - $62.27 M How to be Single (3,343 theaters) - $20.56 M
(3,343 theaters) - $20.56 M Zoolander 2 (3,394 theaters) - $20.36 M
(3,394 theaters) - $20.36 M Kung Fu Panda 3 (3,844 theaters) - $14.87 M
(3,844 theaters) - $14.87 M Hail, Caesar! (2,248 theaters) - $6.81 M
(2,248 theaters) - $6.81 M Star Wars: The Force Awakens (1,810 theaters) - $5.09 M
(1,810 theaters) - $5.09 M The Revenant (2,266 theaters) - $4.72 M
(2,266 theaters) - $4.72 M The Choice (2,631 theaters) - $3.57 M
(2,631 theaters) - $3.57 M Pride and Prejudice and Zombies (2,931 theaters) - $3.19 M
(2,931 theaters) - $3.19 M Ride Along 2 (1,562 theaters) - $2.64 M
FOUR DAY PROJECTIONS
Deadpool - $72.61 M
- $72.61 M How to be Single - $23.71 M
- $23.71 M Zoolander 2 - $23.75 M
- $23.75 M Kung Fu Panda 3 - $18.91 M
- $18.91 M Hail, Caesar! - $7.93 M
- $7.93 M Star Wars: The Force Awakens - $5.95 M
- $5.95 M The Revenant - $5.43 M
- $5.43 M The Choice - $4.73 M
- $4.73 M Pride and Prejudice and Zombies - $3.81 M
- $3.81 M Ride Along 2 - $3.16 M
Discuss this story with fellow Box Office Mojo fans on Facebook. On Twitter, follow us at @boxofficemojo and author Brad Brevet at @bradbrevet.
The Los Angeles Times has shown that its respect for women matches that of Donald Trump. A greasy cartoonist/opinionator of theirs named David Horsey wrote the following passage about Sarah F-word-abee Sanders, and an editor approved it:
Sanders looks more like a slightly chunky soccer mom who organizes snacks for the kids' games.
Lovely. Here is a screenshot of the passage, which has since been removed from the piece:
An editor read the line "looks more like a slightly chunky soccer mom" & thought sure, good, yes, lets publish this https://t.co/Blv9p6SWxO pic.twitter.com/if0KE38qx0 — Tom Gara (@tomgara) November 3, 2017
Horsey has now been forced to issue this apology:
I want to apologize to Time readers — and to Sarah Huckabee Sanders — for a description that was insensitive and failed to meet the standards of our newspaper. It also failed to meet the expectations I have for myself. It surely won't be my last mistake, but this particular error will be scrupulously avoided in my future commentaries. I've removed the offending description.
Yeah, well, it lives on, buddy. Well done.
Horsey is the same fella who recently wrote a smug column about how he was one of the Good Guys who never harasses women:
Women who have suffered harassment need to know that the old cliches, such as “all men are alike” or “all men want the same thing” are fallacious. There is an army of men who are very different from the brutish stereotype. . . . There are good guys. We are here. And, if you are looking for someone to stand with you, we say, “me, too.”
We all bow down to you, David Horsey. Oh by the way, I notice you still have a cartoon of Sanders up calling her a “Big Mother.” Yeah: you're one of the good guys!
Here's the thing, though: watching diehard Trump supporters try to make A Thing out of this is jarring. For example, here's Joel Pollak at the Trump-loving Breitbart, who scolded: “As for the text, Horsey chose to lead his column with an attack on Sanders's appearance. And the Times editors chose to print it.”
This kind of whining is rich, coming from a site that has relentlessly promoted misogynist extraordinaire Donald Trump. You know how you guys like to fight fire with fire? You know how you like to make the other side live by their own rules? Well, gee, guys. Maybe Horsey was doing exactly that to Sanders. After all, Sanders gets up day after day and shills and lies for a guy who has said some of the worst possible things about women. So I guess, according to the sacred Trumper “if they do it to us then we can do it back to them” principle, it is now OK to say the following things about Sanders:
You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes. Blood coming out of her wherever.
She's unattractive both inside and out.
.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 28, 2012
She has the face of a dog.
While she is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I am politically correct.
While @BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman, I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 28, 2012
Grab her by the p*ssy.
Not that long ago, I said:
If you give any single person a pass for bad behavior, it hurts your ability to credibly criticize others for the same bad behavior. — Patterico (@Patterico) October 26, 2017
Diehard Trumpers think they're so clever with their handful of whatabouts referring to Hillary or Obama. Whatabout Obama's if you like your doctor you can keep him? Whatabout Hillary's dirty uranium deals?
Guess what? Trump is handing the left 30 years of whatabouts. Democrat politicians will be immune from criticism over character defects for the rest of my life. There is literally no moral flaw that Trump does not embody. Find a Democrat with one or two in the future, and there will be a dozen “whatabout Trump's _______” in response.
Horsey's behavior was wretched and inexcusable. Trump's has been worse. If you make a Huge Deal out of Horsey but laughed off Trump's behavior, you're just a cheap partisan. Just like the cheap partisans on the left. No better at all.
And when Donald Trump's behavior is thrown back in your face in the future? You'll deserve it.
[Disclaimer]
× North Carolina sheriff addresses ‘tasteless' photo circulated in department
HENDERSONVILLE, N.C. — Henderson County Sheriff Charles McDonald has released a statement regarding an image circulated in his department that made a joke about the drug Narcan, WLOS reports.
The image, sent to WLOS on Thursday, contains text that said Narcan has been “Robbing Darwin of his bountiful harvest since 1971.”
The anonymous sender told the station the sheriff “thinks this opioid crisis is funny” and thinks “these deaths are funny and by this picture thinks lives should not be saved.”
The image was from a May 23 interdepartmental email of crime analysis information and contained a “tasteless attempt at humor,” according to McDonald.
The sheriff's statement said:
“Regarding the offensive slide, there is no excuse for it regardless of the intention. I'm told it was an attempt at dark humor, but it was in no way humorous, and I know it does not reflect the true heart of the actual sender, or that of our staff and volunteers.”
Read more at WLOS.
Artificial Intelligence - machines that work like the human brain - computers that can think. It's the stuff of science fiction, but it's also very real and developing faster than you may realize. Just this week, tech giant Google announced the purchase of an artificial intelligence firm - the company's ninth robotics oriented purchase in a little over a year. From asking your smart phone for directions to self-driving cars to robots programmed to act like humans, AI is everywhere and it's certainly uncharted territory. What does it mean when we create computers that are potentially smarter than people? Our guest today warns, if we don't tread lightly, it could mean the end of the human era. A panel of experts joins us to explain how artificial intelligence works and discuss the practical applications and ethical considerations of this controversial technology.
Guests
James Barrat - Documentary Filmmaker and Author of Our Final Invention: Artificial Intelligence and the End of the Human Era.
Dr. Raghuram Ramanjuan - Assistant Professor, Math and Computer Science Dept. at Davidson College
Dr. Mary Lou Maher - Professor and Chair, Dept. of Software Information Systems and Director, Center for Education Innovation at UNC Charlotte
The New York Times is “looking into” whether one of its big Russia scoops is actually true, after former FBI Director James Comey disputed the report in Thursday testimony before Congress.
The paper of record reported Feb. 14 that U.S. intelligence officials had intercepted repeated communications between the Trump campaign and senior Russian intelligence officials in the year leading up to the election. The news firmly planted the as yet totally unsubstantiated narrative that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to sway the election in his favor.
But Comey characterized the report as almost entirely false Thursday, and The New York Times is now reviewing the report in light of his statements. “We are looking into James Comey's statements, and we will report back with more information as soon as we can,” The NYT tweeted following the hearing, after prominent journalists highlighted Comey's statement.
We are looking into James Comey's statements, and we will report back with more information as soon as we can. https://t.co/v9OzWbbjUP — The New York Times (@nytimes) June 8, 2017
“In the main, it was not true,” Comey testified Thursday. He added that when the news broke, he was so troubled that he actually double-checked with the intelligence community to make sure he wasn't missing something.
Asked again about the story later in the hearing, Comey reiterated that it was unfounded.
“Would it be fair to characterize that story as almost entirely wrong?” Republican Sen. Tom Cotton asked.
“Yes,” Comey replied.
The NYT sourced the report to four “former and current officials,” who were likely politically motivated, or as Comey suggested in the hearing may not have had a proper understanding of the “facts” they were dishing out to the paper.
“The challenge — and I'm not picking on reporters about writing stories about classified information — is the people talking about it often doesn't really know what's going on,” Comey said. “And those of us that know what's going on aren't talking about it. And we don't call the press to say, ‘hey, you got that thing wrong about that sensitive topic.' We just have to leave it there.”
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos (Click for details).
Contributed by Rachel Stoltzfoos of The Daily Caller News Foundation.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available
without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For
licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact
licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
A conversation with wildlife educator Steve Karlin
In 1980, Steve Karlin, a former National Parks Service ranger, founded Wildlife Associates, dedicated to educating people about animals and the environment. Now situated on 120 acres on the coast of northern California, Wildlife Associates provides a home for more than fifty wild animals who are no longer equipped to survive in the wild, and brings educational programs to about 100,000 students in the San Francisco Bay Area each year.
Recently, filmmakers Anne Veh and Rajesh Krishnan made a film, Teach Me to Be Wild, about Wildlife Associates and Steve Karlin. During groundwork for the film, filmmaker and photographer Phil Borges interviewed Karlin. What follows below is an abridged version of that interview.
–The Editors
Steve Karlin and Susie Bear
Steve Karlin (SK): As I'm talking to you now and you're talking to me, out of my right ear, I can hear gophers in the ground eating roots and chewing through the ground and pushing dirt up.
Phil Borges (PB): You can hear that?
SK: I hear that as I'm talking to you. I was concentrating on what you were saying, but I was also hearing that. At the same time, I'm hearing the birds chirping behind me, and the chirps are moving, so I can tell the birds are moving around. I can hear one of my birds of prey making a squeal because one of the people she knows is walking by, probably cleaning the enclosure…
PB: So where did you get this affinity for animals? When did it come into your life?
SK: Behind my house in Cleveland, Ohio, was a lot. I lived in the suburbs, where everything is lined up, and the houses were built in the early 1900s. And there was a field behind my house, and when I was a kid, that field was my world. I knew every raccoon that walked through there, every possum, every owl that lived, the hawks that came by, the birds….
PB: Did you name them?
SK: I named them all. The ladybugs: I was met by ladybugs on my way to school, every day at the same place. In my head, it was the same ladybug, but it could have been a whole bunch of different ladybugs. It landed on my hand, and I talked to it. I would leave to go to school five minutes early, so I could talk to this ladybug, and I would say, “Okay, go away. I'll see you after school.” Sure enough, after school, there were thousands of ladybugs in this one area. One after another, they were landing on my hand. It was a very magical experience for me.
And then I became friends with these two robins in the backyard. The robins would fly around, and I was always playing out there. So you know how birds are; they get used to certain people, and they let you get kind of close. Then I saw them building a nest, so every day I'd get closer to the tree. I climbed the tree a couple of feet one day, and then a couple of feet the next day. It got to the point where I was sitting on a branch next to the nest that they were building. I was hanging upside down, next to the branch above that nest, when I saw eggs being laid. I was in third grade; I didn't know anything about biology really. And they were sitting on the eggs.
Wildlife Associates at work
PB: So, it just came to you naturally?
SK: Yeah, I just became a part of this robin family. Then one day, I came home from school really excited, wanting to see the baby robins that had hatched out of the eggs. And a few days later, I wanted to see how big they were getting, when I heard this noise—this big, rumbling thing with clanking metal, with black soot coming out of the top. And I thought, “What's going on?” A bulldozer was digging up the property and flattening it out, so they could build a house. They had already knocked down the tree. The robins were flying around, screaming. And the babies were dead on the ground, crushed…. And I stood in front of that huge bulldozer with this guy sitting in the seat….
I was crying and screaming at the guy, “You killed my family!” And he goes, “What are you talking about?” I said, “These birds were my family; you killed them. How can you do that?” And I made an oath at that point in my life, in third grade. I said that no matter what happens in my life, I have to make sure people understand they can't treat creatures like this. We are all connected…. My greatest mentors were those robins. And my greatest love was a bear, Susie Bear, 330 pounds.
PB: A bear in Ohio?
SK: No, here in California. She was in Grizzly Adams and The Wilderness Family. She was retired and came to the sanctuary before we had this one. Susie Bear's parents were killed by poachers, and she was chased off a cliff and taken to a rehab center. And this lady took care of her and used her in the motion-picture industry. Susie Bear was a bear that just sat there and ate food and left everybody alone. So they put expensive actors next to Susie Bear and didn't have to worry about people getting hurt. And she was pretty smart; she was sweet, and she came to live with us.
So I had a love affair with a wonderfully beautiful, amazing, intelligent being who people know as a black bear, but I know as Susie Bear. She taught me every day. She taught me about being a human and how to be there, how to be who you are and stand your ground. Because when a 330-pound bear is coming at you angry—if I were to run out of the enclosure, well, I would not be able to get back in because she would say, “Okay, I got you. You are not willing to stand there with me.” So I had to stand there with her.
PB: Did she charge you like that?
SK: The first time I went into the enclosure with her, she stood up on her hind legs and was going [bear gesture], which in bear language is, “You are out of here, buddy.” Maybe not out of this cage but out of your life! So, I walked toward her yelling, “No! No! No!” And she kept yelling. And then, with my open hand, I hit her on the nose. Then I started thinking, “Oh my God, she is going to kill me now.” And this is a 330-pound bear, but she sat down next to me and said, “Okay, you'll do. If you are willing to sit here and argue with me, if you are willing to sit here and go through the rough patches, willing to sit here and be with me and be strong enough to hold your position with me, we can have a relationship; we can be friends.” And so she was testing me, but she was always very sweet about it.
PB: Really?! I assume you've seen the Werner Herzog picture, Grizzly Man?
SK: Right. This is not a grizzly bear; this is a black bear.
PB: So a whole different personality?
SK: Grizzly bears eat you. Black bears pretty much leave people alone. In a captive situation, you really have to know what you are doing with them. You have to know how they communicate. We would go on walks together in the forest and just sit there. She would put her arm around my shoulder and put her head on my shoulder and lick me in the face, and then she would lie on her back….
She developed breast cancer, and we removed it. But a year later, it metastasized throughout her bones, and she passed on.
Steve Karlin and friend
PB: Let me talk to you a little about…you've got Parkinson's.
SK: When I'm talking, I'm trying to be in my place in the center. Now, I'm aware of all my shaking going on. But when I'm trying to communicate, I'm not aware of it at that point…It just really keeps reminding me that I have to be reflective of what's really going on and who I am as a human being. Am I a shell that's shaking? To some people, yes; to most people, yes. To me, it's the being inside: all the stories, all the experiences wrapped around that core spark of existence.
PB: So, for you, it is just a reminder that we really aren't in control?
SK: Yes, and that we have to stop spending our lives trying to be in control. I'm not saying don't be a powerful person and do wonderful things in this world, instead, just lie there and be a schmuck in the middle of a forest. But realize that we are only on this planet for a very short period of time. We are not this shell. This is the story we have made up in our minds, of who we are. Because, beyond all of our personality, there is something in here that is connected with everything in existence on this planet, and if we can become aware and conscious and part of that…And this is why people do meditative practices; there is such an experience of oneness that you can't put into words. It's the language before words, the language after words; it's the language of existence. And to be experiencing that oneness of all living things is the epitome of being a human being.
The indigenous cultures, they have all these stories about spirits of the forest, spirit of the trees. How else can you relate it? You can't put it into words. So, you have this incredible experience with trees and forests and this connection when you know certain tree saps save your life…If you are living in the forest, and that tree saved your aunt, and you made something out of this flower, and it saved your mother, those trees are holy; those trees are sacred. They are sacred because they have such an affinity, such a relationship with you. So how should we treat that flower, if it saved our relative, a human being?
PB: With a lot of reverence.
SK: Yeah! How should we treat the forest that provides a carbon sink and oxygen, and plankton that provides all this green algae? All this stuff is sacred because of our relationship with it—it keeps us alive...
I was telling somebody who brought me food the other day that they had cooked, that it is the most intimate experience, the most intimate gift, to give someone something you cooked. Because when you eat something, it becomes part of who you are. It goes into every cell of your body. It changes you forever. So when you cook things for people, it's a very intimate experience, more than making love to them…And it reminds me of my aunts who used to have a string of bakeries, and they used to bring baked goods home for us. And my grandmother lived in the house with extended family and would cook for us. We revered our aunts and grandparents so much because of the love they put into nourishment to keep us alive, and how it related to everything around us; everything is sacred.
PB: Give me in a short sentence, if it's possible…what have you found to be the most effective way of getting in touch with that feeling of oneness with everything?
SK: Start with your breath: Our first breath in life, our first breath in existence, we breathe in; our last breath, we breathe out. Those are the two most important breaths that we have. One brings us into this world; one takes us out of this world. And almost every other breath we forget, we are not conscious of. And if we start just listening to that breath, in and out, up and down, just listening to the power and how it feels, that's the key to the consciousness and awareness of all living things around you. If you're sitting in a forest, and you just listen to your breath [takes a breath]. The instant I did that I heard what I wasn't hearing before—five to fifteen songbirds around me. I smelled the grass I wasn't smelling the whole time we were talking. I felt the humidity in the air. I felt the wind blowing against my face. I felt more alive. And if we continually just become more aware of our breath, things will magically shift for us. It's a good start.
For more information about Wildlife Associates, please visit wildlifeassociates.org. For more information about the film Teach Me to Be Wild, please visit teachmetobewild.com.
From Parabola Volume 42, No. 3, “The Sacred,” Fall 2017. This issue is available to purchase here. If you have enjoyed this piece, consider subscribing.
“We have at most ten years—not ten years to decide upon action, but ten years to alter fundamentally the trajectory of global greenhouse emissions.” – James Hansen, “The Threat to the Planet,” New York Review of Books, July 13, 2006. “Desperation is setting in among climate alarmists who by their own math can see that the window is rapidly closing on ‘saving the planet'.” – Kenneth Green, “A Death Spiral for Climate Alarmism, Redux?” MasterResource, September 30, 2009.
As I have written in a previous post , the trend toward abject panic over climate change seems to have reversed course. For all intents and purposes, climate alarmism – which I define as the reflexive tendency to assume worst-case scenarios generated by climate models are automatically true (and to enact public policy based on that belief) – is locked into a death spiral. The public policy implication is profound: substituting adaptation and wealth creating strategies for tears-in-the-ocean mitigation policies in the U.S. and abroad. trend toward abject panic over climate change seems to have reversed course. For all intents and purposes,– which I define as the reflexive tendency to assume worst-case scenarios generated by climate models are automatically true (and to enact public policy based on that belief) – is locked into a death spiral. The public policy implication is profound: substituting adaptation and wealth creating strategies for tears-in-the-ocean mitigation policies in the U.S. and abroad.
On the political front:
The IPCC's reputation as a serious scientific institution continues to hemorrhage as a nearly endless string of errors and/or bad practices relating to the Fourth Assessment Report come to light.
As Newsweek put it recently,
Some of the IPCC's most-quoted data and recommendations were taken straight out of unchecked activist brochures, newspaper articles, and corporate reports—including claims of plummeting crop yields in Africa and the rising costs of warming-related natural disasters, both of which have been refuted by academic studies.
Further, Newsweek opines, the case for policy-development based on climate alarmism is also off the rails,
There are excellent reasons to limit emissions and switch to cleaner fuels—including an estimated 750,000 annual pollution deaths in China, the potential to create jobs at home instead of enriching nasty regimes sitting on oil wells, the need to provide cheap sources of power to the world's poorest regions, and the still-probable threat that global warming is underway. At the moment, however, certainty about how fast—and how much—global warming changes the earth's climate does not appear to be one of those reasons.
Internationally, things are not much better for the alarmists. The negotiations in Copenhagen were a complete shambles, resulting only in a non-binding, let's-meet-again memorandum that the various participating countries “recognized” having seen.
Greenpeace activist, and Independent Commentator Joss Garman characterized the “Copenhagen Accord” thus:
This “deal” is beyond bad. It contains no legally binding targets and no indication of when or how they will come about. There is not even a declaration that the world will aim to keep global temperature rises below 2 C. Instead, leaders merely recognise the science behind that vital threshold, as if that were enough to prevent us crossing it. The only part of this deal that anyone sane came close to welcoming was the $100bn global climate fund, but it's now apparent that even this is largely made up of existing budgets, with no indication of how new money will be raised and distributed so that poorer countries can go green and adapt to climate change.
In the EU, the vaunted European Trading System continues to come apart at the seams. According to James Kanter at the NYT:
Carbon traders, for example, have been arrested for tax fraud; evidence has emerged of lucrative projects that may do nothing to curb climate change; and steel and cement companies have booked huge profits selling surplus permits they received for free.
And the EU is backing away from previous plans to tighten its carbon reduction targets. According to Greenwire,
For months, Europe has mulled whether to increase to 30 percent its current commitment to reduce CO2 emissions 20 percent from 1990 levels by 2020. E.U. leaders in Brussels, including the bloc's climate chief, Connie Hedegaard, have seemed to favor such a commitment, while influential member states like Germany and France have expressed skepticism of such a pledge without binding support from other major industrial powers like the United States. A study, released today by the European Commission, expresses concern that Europe's trading system for limiting emissions will remain less effective than planned without reductions in carbon allowances over the next decade. But addressing that problem may have to take a back seat for now, Hedegaard said.
Meanwhile, here in the U.S., climate alarmism has sunk so low that Senator John Kerry risks choking himself to death as he ties his tongue into knots to pretend that his climate bill, the misleadingly named “American Power Act,” is not a climate bill. Depending on the date, Senator Kerry disingenuously characterizes as a job creation bill, or a bill to end dependency on foreign oil, or as a bill to rejuvenate the moribund US nuclear energy sector…or anything but what it is, which is a bill full of direct and indirect taxes on carbon: that is, on coal, natural gas, oil, and gasoline.
Pundits give the bill little chance of passage in this Congress, and if Democrats take anything like the whuppin' they're expected to get in November, I wouldn't look for a reprise of the “American Power Act” any time soon. [Personal note to Senator Kerry: Dear Senator, will you please stop perpetuating the fiction that you can create jobs by forcing up the cost of power (and making it less reliable) in the United States. All you're going to do with your fraudulently titled climate bill is kill jobs, reduce economic growth, export more of America's industrial base to other countries, and perpetuate the misery of this lackluster economy. Even worse, you'll hurt the people you claim as your primary constituency – the poor – more than the wealthy, as the poor spend more of their budget on energy than those with greater wealth.]
On the regulatory front,
EPA continues to face opposition to regulation of the greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act. On June 10, a resolution authored by Senator Lisa Murkowski (and co-sponsored by 38 others including 3 Democrats) will be voted on. The resolution concludes that it is:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress disapproves the rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the endangerment finding and the cause or contribute findings for greenhouse gases under section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act (published at 74 Fed. Reg. 66496 (December 15, 2009)), and such rule shall have no force or effect.
Finally, on the public opinion front,
Poll numbers continue to decline when it comes to people expressing serious concern about climate change, or willingness to pay anything to remedy it.
The New York Times points out that public belief levels are plummeting even in Jolly Old Britain, (and not-so-jolly old Germany) both of which have been, until recently, seething hotbeds of climate alarmism:
Nowhere has this shift in public opinion been more striking than in Britain, where climate change was until this year such a popular priority that in 2008 Parliament enshrined targets for emissions cuts as national law. But since then, the country has evolved into a home base for a thriving group of climate skeptics who have dominated news reports in recent months, apparently convincing many that the threat of warming is vastly exaggerated. A survey in February by the BBC found that only 26 percent of Britons believed that “climate change is happening and is now established as largely manmade,” down from 41 percent in November 2009. A poll conducted for the German magazine Der Spiegel found that 42 percent of Germans feared global warming, down from 62 percent four years earlier.
Our “paper of record,” also observes that
The lack of fervor about climate change is also true of the United States, where action on climate and emissions reduction is still very much a work in progress, and concern about global warming was never as strong as in Europe. A March Gallup poll found that 48 percent of Americans believed that the seriousness of global warming was “generally exaggerated,” up from 41 percent a year ago.
Conclusion
My colleague, Steve Hayward, thinks that future historians will peg 2008 as the year that climate alarmism jumped the shark. If so, it's clear that in 2010, the Fonz is on the sharp declining phase of the jump, headed back down to the water. On every front, climate alarmists are losing, from international negotiations, to domestic legislation, to public opinion. Even the UK's Royal Society is being forced to reconsider their position on climate change.
We can hope that climate alarmism will be replaced by a new era of climate realism, where the focus is on fostering resilience: building institutions, and helping other countries build institutions that would give them resilience in the face of any sort of climate change, manmade or natural, modest or major. Instead, however, my guess is this won't happen. The alarmists are unable to give up the sense of panic they need to preserve to promote radical policies. And, to be fair, there is such polarization on the part of climate skeptics that even we climate moderates come in for some slapping around when we admit a vague possibility that humans could cause even modest harm via our influence on the climate. There is little appetite on either side for moderation or realism.
Instead, what I suspect will happen is that the entire issue of climate change will go sub rosa, and be embedded in discussions of energy, sustainability, energy security, renewable energy, protecting biodiversity, or anything that lacks the words “climate change” in the title.
Click above to view the video after the jump
We've seen Valentino Balboni drive the tires off his namesake and even managed to spend a few hours with the man while stuck in LA's notoriously hellish traffic. Now, Danish magazine Bil Magasinet gets some quality time with the famed test driver as he flogs his Lamborghini LP550-2 across the frozen countryside.Balboni's warm, Italian charm stands in stark contrast to the surrounding snow as he offers up several choice quotes about Lamborghinis past and present, his time with the automaker and the development of the LP550-2, among others. Speaking about the lack of all-wheel drive, Balboni says simply, "You need to control the car, the car doesn't control you." And with that he pulls off yet another perfect powerslide and goes about his day. It's like you're sitting in the passenger seat yourself. Hit the jump to see what we mean.
Matchstick and Mozilla today announced its open-source take on the Chromecast: a $25 Firefox OS-powered HDMI dongle. The streaming Internet and media stick will be available first through Kickstarter, in the hopes to drive down the price tag.
Jack Chang, Matchstick General Manager in the US, described the device to me as “essentially an open Chromecast.” He explained that while the MSRP is $25 (Google's Chromecast retails for $35), the Kickstarter campaign is offering a regular price of $18, and an early bird price of $12.
The startup has set a goal of raising $100,000. The full breakdown is as follows (free shipping in the US, and an additional $5 for international):
Pledge $2 or more: This is a donation to help support the open hardware and open software platform.
Pledge $12 or more: The first 500 units will ship at this price.
Pledge $18 or more: This is the price for everyone else during the Kickstarter campaign.
Pledge $24 or more: 250 developer units will be available in prototype. This includes access to all SDKs and APIs, and developer support from the Matchstick team.
Pledge $34 or more: This is the price for two Matchsticks.
Pledge $160 or more: 10 Matchsticks. US shipping is still free but international shipping cost $10.
Pledge $10,000 or more: Four Matchsticks and a bunch of Matchstick swag. Oh, and a trip for you and a guest to the 2015 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas (Monday the 5th to Thursday the 8th) including a stay at the Venetian, passes to the show, $200 daily spending money, dinner with the team, and a show one night.
The CES option will naturally occur in January. Matchstick hopes to get the device into developer hands in November, while everyone else is being promised a February release.
Because the Matchstick runs Firefox OS, Mozilla is playing a big role in its debut. It is part of the company's plan to push the operating system onto more than just smartphones, namely tablets and TVs too.
The two companies share the same vision: the first streaming stick “free of any walled garden ecosystem.” That means the constraints of Google Play don't exist.
That being said, Matchstick and Mozilla need developers to create apps, from video to games, for the living room. As such, there is a developer site, a full API library, as well as example sender and receiver apps.
The sender APIs let developers build Android or iOS apps (or edit their existing apps) that can discover a Matchstick device and communicate with a receiver app. Chang told me there are no plans to support Windows Phone or BlackBerry sender apps, but the architecture is there, so it's certainly a possibility. Firefox OS sender apps, however, are coming.
Here are how sender apps will typically work:
Scan for Matchstick: The sender app searches for Matchstick devices residing in the same Wi-Fi network as the sender device. The scanning reveals a friendly display name, model and manufacturer, icon, and the device's IP address. Presented with a list, a user may then select a target device from all those discovered. Connect to Matchstick: Both TLS and NON-TLS communication between sender and receiver are supported. Launch Receiver App: The sender initiates a negotiation with the target device, launching a receiver app either with the URL of a HTML5 receiver app, or even a Chromecast App ID. Establish Message Channels: With the receiver app now launched, Matchstick establishes message channels between the sender and receiver. In addition to a media control channel common to all Matchstick and Chromecast apps, any number of application-specific channels can also be established.
Since this is Firefox OS, receiver apps are a combination of HTML5, CSS and Javascript. They are packaged into a certified “receiver container” that works only on Firefox OS. Apps will be distributed via the Matchstick app store, but developers will be free to put the apps wherever else they'd like as well.
Mozilla is also planning to host an invitation-only Firefox OS App Workshop for Matchstick in San Francisco on November 18; if you're interested, you can sign up here. Both companies are promising additional developer events around the world.
Read next: Ghost introduces new plans and pricing for its Ghost(Pro) fully-hosted blogging service
Major Variants:
M808C: Still in service with armored units throughout the UNSC Army and Marine Corps, the previous "mainline" iteration of the M808 features a M512 90mm smoothbore cannon for anti-tank and anti-fortification use, and a pintle-mounted M247T 7.62mm medium machine gun. It is substantially heavier than the M820, massing 66 tons (59.9 tonnes) when fully loaded.
M808B: This older variant does not have the M247 pintle mount, but adds a coaxial M231 medium machine gun to the main turret, controlled by the operator. This versatle chassis saw a law number of locally-produced variants and field upgrades over its nearly two centuries of use. The UNSC Army made periodic attempts to codify these modifications, with little success. Recorded examples include the UE8-14 and 12-9FS, both of which had thinner armor augmented by ceramic appliqué plates to make the tank easier to air transport.
M808B2: The “Sun Devil” variant replaces the 90mm cannon with two twin-linked 40mm autocannons. Ostensibly an anti-aircraft vehicle, the Sun Devil was used in an anti-personnel role throughout the insurrection years.
M808B3: Used for heavy fire support roles, the “Tarantula” variant with its two mounted pods on either side of the turret can fire clusters of hypervelocity Scimitar rockets. Its ineffectiveness against Covenant forces meant that most B3s were converted back to standard B models.
M808: The first M808 model entered service in 2218.
Dak Prescott had a quarterback rating of 51.3 in the Dallas Cowboys' loss to the Seattle Seahawks on Sunday. That marks his fifth game this season with a rating below 70, his third below 60 and his fifth game with multiple interceptions. He has only one game with more than 300 yards passing, and that came against the miserable New York Giants. Most of those yards came after the catch anyway.
Let's compare some of those numbers to what Tony Romo did in his last full season, 2014. He fell below a quarterback rating of 70 only twice, but he topped 100 a whopping ten times. Prescott has done that only five times this season, and only one came without Ezekiel Elliott was in the lineup. Romo also had only two games with multiple interceptions, and he averaged almost 40 more yards per game through the air than Prescott (247 to 210).
The Cowboys were not a perfect team this season by any means, but a cursory glance at the team's roster show where the problems really were. Even with Elliott missing six games, the Cowboys were still the league's third ranked rushing team coming into Week 16. The defense has been good enough to go 7-3 when Sean Lee was in the lineup, and one of those losses involved the opponent (the Seahawks) gaining more yards through penalties than on offense. Chidobe Awuzie and Jourdan Lewis came into their own at cornerback just as DeMarcus Lawrence (a potential Defensive Player of the Year) and David Irving did on the defensive line. The offensive line may have missed Tyron Smith when he was injured, but they still had two All Pro's. The roster was loaded. The problem was the quarterback.
Prescott showed absolutely no growth between his rookie and sophomore seasons. If anything, he regressed under the pressure of expectations. The No. 23 (and falling) ranked passing game was a liability all season, and the worst part is, the Cowboys had the answer to that problem on their roster. If Romo were under center for this team, given all of the talent they have on both sides of the ball, they would have made the playoffs and competed for a Super Bowl berth.
Romo routinely led inferior teams to better seasons than this. The 2009 team went 11-5 with Marion Barber as the leading rusher. Prescott got humiliated in three straight games because former Pro Bowler Alfred Morris apparently wasn't good enough for him. Neither was a line with two Pro Bowl-caliber players, but in Romo's last season before the great offensive line overhaul began with Smith's drafting, 2010, he led the Cowboys to 30 more yards per game on offense than Prescott did this season (364 to 334). He did that with Felix Jones as his leading rusher and Miles Austin as his leading receiver.
When he did have teams like this one, he thrived. The 2007 Cowboys earned the NFC's No. 1 seed, and they did it largely through their aerial dominance. The 2014 team was more ground-bound, but they lost on a bad call rather than a mistake by Romo.
He was able to win with those lesser players because he was, definitively, a better player than Prescott. Prescott has a lower quarterback rating this season than Romo did in any full season of his career, and passing rules are far easier for Prescott than they were for Romo. He was able to succeed last season through the grace of his star teammates, but the moment his supporting cast went from perfect to merely great, he fell apart.
But he never should have gotten that chance. Winning by virtue of great teammates does not indicate greatness in a quarterback. There's a reason the Baltimore Ravens never built a Trent Dilfer statue. The Cowboys could have upgraded at quarterback last season, but chose to let Prescott ride his superior teammates further. They were enamored with his age and low salary number, so they chose him as the quarterback of the future.
None of that matters if the player himself isn't good. Prescott isn't, and Romo is. The Cowboys just lost a season because of Prescott's ineptitude. That never would have happened with Romo. If Prescott doesn't give them any reason to change their minds, then they should see how interested Romo would be in coming back for his old job.
The Cowboys are scratching and clawing for a run at Super Bowl 52! Don't miss any breaking news, take a second to sign up for our FREE Cowboys newsletter!
By Alan Hart
Some of us do not believe what our politicians say, especially when the subject is Israel's behaviour – its ongoing colonization of the occupied West Bank for the purpose of making peace impossible except, perhaps, on terms which require the Palestinians to surrender to Zionism's will.
The responses of some Jewish supporters of Israel right or wrong to one British MP who did dare to tell the truth illustrate why most politicians throughout the Western world won't. That's yesterday's story but I am driven to comment by the hypocrisy on display, hypocrisy which takes chutzpah to wild extremes.
Zionist chutzpah
For those readers who might not be fully familiar with chutzpah, let's begin with a definition of it.
Chutzpah is a Talmudic word that means many similar things, chief among them being shameless audacity, impudence and arrogance, each and all laced with incredible self-righteousness.
In the context of the conflict in and over Palestine that became Israel, chutzpah represents an Israeli (Jewish) way of saying to the world without actually saying it something like: “We know we shouldn't have done this. We know it's wrong. But we've done it because we also know there's nothing you can do about it.”
As I say in my book Zionism: The Real Enemy of the Jews, if there is one single word that sums up the whole Zionist enterprise, it is chutzpah.
Sunday 27 January is Holocaust Memorial Day and this year marks the 68th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz concentration camp where more than one million people, mostly Jews, died. As this day approached, the Holocaust Educational Trust placed a Book of Commitment in the House of Commons to give MPs the chance to sign it and honour those who were slaughtered during the Nazi holocaust and subsequent other genocides, and commit themselves to encouraging constituents “to work together to combat prejudice and racism today”.
Among those who signed the book and pledged his commitment (I'd be somewhat surprised if there was a single available MP who didn't sign) was David Ward, the Liberal Democratic member for Bradford East, a 59-year-old newcomer to the House of Commons, elected in 2010.
On his website he then said this:
Having visited Auschwitz twice – once with my family and once with local schools – I am saddened that the Jews, who suffered unbelievable levels of persecution during the Holocaust, could within a few years of liberation from the death camps be inflicting atrocities on Palestinians in the new state of Israel and continue to do so on a daily basis in the West Bank and Gaza.
Then, in an update after he was condemned by his party and reviled by Jewish supporters of Israel right or wrong, he added this:
For my entire political career I have fought prejudice. I have just returned from Bradford's Holocaust Memorial event where people across cultures and faiths joined together to say, “We bear witness to the horrors of the holocaust and will never forget its lessons. In the words of the holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel, as quoted in the booklet Holocaust Memorial Day – Learning Lessons from the Past to Create a Safer, Better Future, I swore never to be silent whenever human beings endure suffering and humiliation. We must always take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.
Chutzpah taken to its wildest extreme
The response of Jon Benjamin, Chief Executive of the Board of Deputies of British Jews, included this: “We are outraged and shocked at these offensive comments about Jewish victims of the holocaust and the suggestion that Jews should have learned a lesson from the experience.”
There is no power on Planet Earth that has used and abused the obscenity of the Nazi holocaust more than Zionism.
If that means the Jews have nothing to learn from the Nazi holocaust – the slaughter of Jews and others by Europeans not Arabs or other Muslims – I am more than amazed.
It was, however, the response of Karen Pollock, Chief Executive of the Holocaust Educational Trust, that took my breath away. She said she was “deeply saddened” that the MP had “deliberately abused the memory of the holocaust”.
In my view that's chutzpah taken to its wildest extreme. Why?
There is no power on Planet Earth that has used and abused the obscenity of the Nazi holocaust more than Zionism.
It has used the guilt of Europeans and the West as a whole to blackmail politicians and the mainstream media into silence on the matter of Zionism's crimes and justify everything it did and does in defiance of international law and a string of UN Security Council resolutions.
Note
I sent the following email to MP David Ward: “You have my utmost respect and admiration, not only for your truth telling but for refusing to back down under fire, including fire from your own party which, like all others and the mainstream media, is terrified of offending Zionism.”
At the time I sent my message to him, he had apparently received 80 unsolicited supportive emails and only two from detractors.
But he must watch his back. He won his election to the House of Commons by the narrow margin of 365 votes. It will be interesting to see if he becomes a target for an organized Zionist campaign to defeat him at the next election.
[Redress Information & Analysis editor adds: To give David Ward some words of support for standing up to the bullies, you can write to him at david@davidward.org.uk .]
Blood, Bones And Organs: The Gruesome 'Red Market'
toggle caption Scott Carney
Journalist Scott Carney figures he's worth about $250,000, but that number isn't based on his savings or his assets; it's what Carney thinks his body would fetch if it were broken down into individual parts and sold on what he calls the "red market."
In his new book, also called The Red Market, Carney explores the shadowy but lucrative global marketplace for blood, bones and organs. He tells NPR's Melissa Block that despite being underground, there's no question the red market is thriving.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Scott Carney
"It's really hard to get accurate figures on what the illegal market is on body parts, but I'm figuring it's definitely in the billions of dollars," Carney says.
'When You're At Your Most Desperate Place ... The Brokers Come In'
As part of his research, Carney visited an Indian refugee camp for survivors of 2004's massive tsunami. Today, the camp is known by the nickname Kidneyvakkam, or Kidneyville, because of how common it is for the women who live there to sell their kidneys.
"The women are just lined up," Carney says. "They have their exposed midriffs and there are all these kidney extraction scars because when the tsunami happened, all these organ brokers came in and realized there were a lot of people in very desperate situations and they could turn a lot of quick cash by just convincing people to sell their kidneys."
The buying and selling of organs is against the law in almost every country, but Carney says the market has managed to grow thanks to the dire situations many of its donors find themselves in.
"When you're at your most desperate place is when the brokers come in," Carney says. "One of these women, her name was Rani, gave up a kidney because her daughter had actually tried to commit suicide because she was in a very difficult marriage ... In order to treat her, the hospital needed a certain amount of cash — I think it was about $1,000 — and [Rani] didn't have any money so she did the only thing she could, which was to sell her kidney because an organ broker just sort of approached her very quickly. And that's a pretty common situation. "
The Red Market
By Scott Carney
Hardcover, 272 pages
William Morrow
List Price: $25.99 Read An Excerpt
The Black Gold Market
In his book, Carney also delves into the marketplace for human hair, known as "black gold."
"It is amazingly valuable," he says. "The market is about $900 million around the world, and about 40 percent of [that] hair is sold for human extensions."
Many of those transactions take place at the Sri Tirumala Temple in southern India, where people give their hair to the god Vishnu as an act of humility.
"I went there about two years ago and had my head shaved with probably about 1,000 other people," Carney says. "These women came, swept up the hair and threw it into these giant steel vats. [The hair] eventually gets combed and sorted and sold at an auction, and shipped out to the international market."
Hair collected in a single cut from a person's head, known as "remy," is used all over the world for hair extensions. But the shorter hair, often shorn from men, serves a very different purpose.
"Most of the hair that gets shorn is from men," Carney says. "That gets sold to chemical companies and gets reduced to an amino acid called L-cystine, which is used as a leavening agent in baking goods."
The Body As Commodity
In his book, Carney argues that part of what makes red market transactions ethically troubling is the role different social classes play in the whole operation.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Scott Carney
"One of the very foundational concepts of the book is when people, say, give an organ ... it's always going to a richer person and, oftentimes, it's going to a person in another country," Carney says. "It's reduced to commerce so quickly."
He says if he had his way, every bag of blood, organ transplant and egg donation would be tagged with the donor's name.
"We have to look at the beginning of the supply chain," Carney says. "We have to be sure we're getting these things ethically and not just assume that we're being ethical."
And while revoking donors' right to anonymity could mean they don't donate at all, Carney says we also need to consider the alternative.
"You will see donations plummet," he says. "But on the other hand, if you were allowing crimes on the magnitude of literally whole villages selling their kidneys, who are we protecting?"
Former Florida QB Will Grier threw for over 1200 yards and compiled 12 touchdowns during the Gators' surprising 6-0 start in 2015. Grier's Florida career, however, came to an end after the Gators beat Missouri when the breakout QB was banned for performance-enhancing drugs. Florida lost five of its next seven.
While originally it was thought the QB would serve his suspension in Florida, he has since decided to leave the university. Where Grier lands remains a mystery, but he was in West Virginia on Wednesday:
Former University of Florida quarterback Will Grier, seeking a new school after deciding to transfer in December, is on WVU's campus today. — Mike Casazza (@mikecasazza) March 2, 2016
Grier, who will be eligible to play Week 1 of the 2017 season, also met with other schools, including Ohio State:
I've also been told he's met with plenty others, including Ohio State and Miami (FL). https://t.co/5a8VvN04nd — Graham Hall (@GrahamHall_) March 2, 2016
Ohio State kicked the tires on former Texas A&M QB Kyle Allen back in December. Allen ended up with Tom Herman in Houston, and Ohio State ended up with 2016 four-star QB Dwayne Haskins.
Given Ohio State's satisfaction with its signing day haul (and lack of date attached to this "meet"), a transfer this late in the process would seem unlikely.
India's patent office, administered by the Controller General of Patents, Designs and Trademarks (CGPDT), has issued an order excluding software patents in its revised guidelines for computer related inventions. Only genuine applications claiming a novel hardware component along with software will be eligible for patent protection.
The order, published on February 19, excludes mathematical methods, business methods, computer programmes, and algorithms from the realm of patentable subject matter.
The patent office had earlier published the guidelines in mid-2015, which allowed the patenting of software which demonstrated technical advancement. "If a computer programme is not claimed by 'in itself' rather, it has been claimed in such manner so as to establish industrial applicability of the invention and fulfils all other criterion of patentability, the patent should not be denied," section 4.5.4 of the guidelines published on August 2015 reads.
SFLC.in, a New Delhi-based non-profit, said that it collaborated with Bengaluru-based think tank ISPIRT (Indian Software Product Industry Round Table) and other civil society organisations, academicians and start-ups in writing a joint letter to the Prime Minister's Office, concerned ministries and the patent office requesting to recall the guidelines.
The 2015 guidelines could have resulted in making it difficult for software developers to innovate with the expansion of scope of software patentability, said Prasanth Sugathan, counsel at SFLC.in, who represented the organisation at the consultations.
"The legislature by limiting the scope of patentable subject matter in the field of software wanted our software professionals and industry to innovate and not be stifled by companies holding a stockpile of patents. We are grateful to the Government and the patent office for listening to our feedback and suggestions and preserving the freedom of our coders and entrepreneurs to innovate without shackles," he said.
"This government initially with its approach towards Net Neutrality and now with its stand on software patents has shown that it is betting big on the innovation economy and will not let anything hinder the freedom to innovate. We hope to continue to work with the Government and the Patent Office to ensure that innovation is encouraged and to limit the grant of irregular patents," said Mishi Choudhary, Executive Director, at SFLC.in in an emailed statement.
He is off contract, has a posse of young North Queensland Cowboys wanting his position and his battle-scarred body has been battered from pillar to post.
But Antonio Winterstein brings true meaning to what "mental toughness" really means and is up for the challenges.
The 29-year-old winger carried a rib cartilage injury, a dodgy groin, as well as hamstring and wrist complaints into the grand final and was one of his side's best in the loss to the Melbourne Storm. His motto of "if you can walk, you can still play" applied.
Winterstein is off contract at the end of next season, but he knows only too well what it is like to have an uncertain playing future.
That was his lot when he left the Sydney Roosters after several seasons in the under 20s. He arrived at Intrust Super Cup side Easts Tigers and got a train-and-trial opportunity with the Brisbane Broncos in 2009, but with no promises.
He impressed no end, played every game for Brisbane and never looked back.
"Not knowing what you are you going to do at the end of the year coming off contract is always daunting, but it gives you extra motivation to work hard and prove you are worthy of another contract," Winterstein told NRL.com.
"After the 20s comp I went to Easts and got the opportunity to train with the Broncos. I believe if I didn't make it that year I never would have
"That [contract] uncertainty I use as extra motivation to put myself out there and showcase what I've got."
Winterstein is motivated to provide for his family – wife Brooke and three young daughters, Milana, Harlan and Novah.
The presence of young stars breathing down his neck is another motivating factor.
Former Australian Schoolboys gun Gideon Gela-Mosby heads the list. Enari Tuala played Junior Kangaroos this year while Javid Bowen has already proven himself in the Telstra Premiership.
Winterstein said their looming presence reminded him "not to be complacent and comfortable".
"Those young boys make you work harder and be better than you were in previous years," he said.
"If they were at any other NRL club they'd be playing first grade easy and they haven't looked out of place when they have come in and played first grade. They've done their job and more."
Winterstein's father Vincent played for Western Samoa, his cousins Evarn and Carlos Tuimavave played in the NRL and his uncles Antonio and Paddy Tuimavave represented the Kiwis and Western Samoa.
Watching his father as a youth in Auckland has inspired Winterstein to play through pain, as he did in the grand final.
"That is just the nature of our heritage," he said.
"I have seen my father play with battle scars and broken arms as well. I am not one to step down from a fight. I believe if you can walk you can still play.
"There are three or four boys who battled through the season with worse injuries so I am pretty sure I got off lightly."
Cowboys assistant coach Josh Hannay conceded it was well documented the Cowboys were "playing busted" at the back end of the year but added there was a lot of detail never publicised about the full extent of their injuries.
"I thought his grand final was his best game of the year. Somehow he summoned the courage and will to play the way he did," Hannay said of Winterstein.
"I don't know if he is indestructible because he does get hurt a bit. But he has the mental capacity to play through injury. Some guys need to be 100 per cent fit to take the field and do their best but there are guys like Antonio who have the capacity to play their best at 60 per cent and overcome those hurdles.
"Antonio is resilient, just very physically and mentally tough."
There are limits to what a body can take and although he wanted to play with Samoa at the World Cup, Winterstein said it would have been selfish on his part to do so when fully fit players were available.
Now refreshed after a break and back at pre-season training, when Winterstein takes the field in 2018 you can be sure his heritage will also be driving him on.
"Going to my uncles and my father's training sessions and games was something I'll never forget and one of the reasons I do what I do today," he said.
Banks under investigation as ASIC targets dodgy mortgage lending
Updated
Dodgy mortgage lending practices have become so rife that the corporate regulator has confirmed it has a significant proportion of Australian banks under investigation.
Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) chairman Greg Medcraft told The Business that, in addition to charges against Westpac Banking Corporation for allegedly failing to adequately assess clients, a further 10 institutions were in the firing line.
"When we are talking to lenders, it usually means we think they have broken the law," he said.
ASIC has previously only said it was in discussions with other lenders.
When asked if he thought the majority of Australian lenders were in breach of the law, he replied:
"They are your words. What we've said is that we are looking, we believe there could be problems but at this stage until we actually charge someone, there can be no inferences drawn.
"Most importantly, it's actually a shot across the bow, we are out there, we are looking. You do the right thing, you've got nothing to worry about."
Mr Medcraft said when ASIC takes on actions it considers three factors. One is the amount of harm or loss, the second is the regulatory benefit of sending a message to the community and the third is the availability of evidence.
Mortgage broker commissions need 'fine tuning'
ASIC has undertaken a wide-ranging study into mortgage brokers in a bid to identify whether incentives for mortgage brokers had distorted lending patterns.
Mr Medcraft said while the broker system generally performed well, the commission system needed to be tweaked.
"They (the banks) do need to think about fine tuning it, perhaps thinking about paying, rather than simply on the size of the loan, perhaps think about the risk to the underlying loan," he said.
Some brokers are likely to be disappointed that the report recommends scrapping bonuses "which increase the risk of poor customer outcomes" and removing soft-dollar incentives, or junkets.
The report has found the loans written by brokers are generally bigger and riskier than loans provided directly through lenders, but Mr Medcraft said brokers were ultimately not responsible for the system.
"The lenders still are the responsible parties doing the lending," he said.
"Let's not blame the brokers. Let's look at, not the channel, but back to where the lending occurs."
A study last year by investment bank UBS found widespread fraud in mortgage applications, and particularly among borrowers who used mortgage brokers, with evidence that brokers encouraged borrowers to falsify loan applications.
Mr Medcraft said ASIC had prosecuted several cases involving mortgage fraud but brushed aside concerns the practice was widespread, arguing mortgage brokers provided a service many consumers desired.
"Often the problem occurs when ... it's actually when rates start to rise and volumes fall and people want to maintain volumes is when you need to become even more diligent in terms of misstatement of income, understatement of expenses, overstatement of valuations, it all comes into play much more," he said.
Australian's biggest listed mortgage broker Mortgage Choice has welcomed the findings and recommendations of ASIC's report, particularly the part that highlights the important role brokers play in increasing competition in the market.
"We look forward to continuing our work with the regulator and conducting ongoing consultation with the Treasury over this next period," chief executive John Flavell said.
Topics: banking, australia
First posted
Photo credit: DoSomething.org
This year, DoSomething.org and HP teamed up to host the Green Your School Challenge. The goal was to get students and teachers thinking about creative ways to reduce energy and consumption in their schools.
Now, after months of work, the winners have been announced.
Taking the top prize—a $5,000 environmental grant and five new HP Pavilions dm1 notebook PCs—were the students at Millburn Sr. High School in Millburn, New Jersey. Their project helped to raise awareness about air pollution by calculating the amount of pollution that idling cars in the school carpool line were emitting.
In addition to this grand prize, several other teams were awarded $1,000 grants for their programs and HP Pavilion dm1 notebooks to help carry out their plans.
One of these teams, Chapel Hill High School in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, used Facebook to ignite discussions around climate change, hosted Earth Week events such as "Recycling Spies Day," which rewarded students who were seen recycling, and constructed a 12-foot by 12-foot cube representing the amount of carbon dioxide (CO2) saved by recycling a week's worth of newspapers.
Projects were reviewed based on creativity, innovation and overall environmental impact by a panel of judges, including Olivia Munn, TreeHugger.com, Mobilize.org, Climate Counts, and Earth 911.
Find out more at DoSomething.org.
Read more about DoSomething.org:
Green Your School: Take the DoSomething.Org Challenge
Students Engage in a Mind-Numbing Array of Activities to Green Their School, Win Cash in the Process!
Akon, Peter Buffett, and You: What's the Connection?
A Colorado resident has filed a lawsuit claiming he was the victim of what his attorney calls “license-plate profiling” during a road trip through Idaho last year.
Darien Roseen filed the federal lawsuit Wednesday in the District of Idaho, more than a year after he said he was unlawfully detained and searched for marijuana on the basis of his Colorado license plates.
Mark Coonts, one of three attorneys on the case, said the 69-year-old was cleared after local law enforcement officers in Payette County, Idaho, detained Roseen and for hours searched his Honda Ridgeline truck for the source of an alleged pot smell.
“Assuming guilt based on a license plate — that's just a violation of our civil rights,” Coonts said.
The suit was first reported by Fox 31.
Roseen, retired vice president of Weyerhaeuser Real Estate — an arm of the forest-products company worth $16.5 billion, according to Forbes — was searched Jan. 25, 2013, on the way from his daughter's baby shower in Washington state to his second home in Pagosa Springs.
At the time, medical marijuana was legal in the District of Columbia and 18 states, including Colorado. The state of Washington and Colorado had recently passed state laws that would allow sales of recreational marijuana, but it would be a year before recreational pot would be available.
Just inside the Idaho border with Oregon at 11:40 a.m. that day, Roseen pulled off Interstate 84 to use the toilet at the rest stop, according to the complaint and demand for jury trial. Just before he exited the interstate, the complaint said, Roseen passed an Idaho State Police trooper parked in the median.
Trooper Justin Klitch, who is listed as the first defendant in the lawsuit, followed Roseen to the rest stop, where he activated the overhead lights on his patrol car and then walked up to the parked Ridgeline.
The complaint claimed Klitch followed Roseen only because of his Colorado license plates, which led the trooper to conclude he must be transporting illegal substances.
Klitch did not initially give Roseen a reason for contacting him, but eventually said that Roseen failed to signal before he exited and that he bumped into two curbs at the rest stop. Roseen insisted that he did signal before the exit. He said he could not distinguish curbs hidden under snow and was distracted when Klitch “suddenly appeared behind him,” the complaint said.
The trooper rejected Roseen's reason for getting off the highway — that he had to use the bathroom — and insisted that Roseen was attempting to avoid the state police. Klitch then asked Roseen why his eyes appeared glassy and accused Roseen of transporting something “that he should not have in his vehicle,” the complaint said.
Roseen told the trooper that he possessed valid prescription medications. In the complaint, Klitch then asked, “When is the last time you used any marijuana?”
“He was offended by his treatment — assuming that not only was he a user but that he was carrying marijuana into Idaho just based on the fact that he has Colorado license plates,” Coonts said.
Roseen repeatedly told him he does not use marijuana and never has, Coonts said.
Three times, Roseen refused to allow Klitch to search his Honda, but opened up a few areas “if it was going to get him back on the road faster,” the complaint said.
Roseen said he never smelled the odor of marijuana that Klitch claimed he detected coming from his trunk. Klitch used that odor as probable cause to search, transport and hold Roseen and his truck at the local sheriff's office.
“He didn't go right out and say ‘Where's the weed, old man?' ” Coonts said. “But the whole interaction was just, ‘Give me the weed, I know it's here.' “
Klitch drove Roseen to the Payette County Sheriff's Office in the back seat of the patrol car. Without Roseen's consent, Fruitland City Police Department Officer Eric Christensen transported Roseen's truck.
At the sheriff's office, Roseen was allowed to use the bathroom under supervision. Klitch told Roseen he was free to leave, but he could not have his truck because officers had not finished searching it.
The trooper issued him a citation for careless driving, which Coonts said has since been resolved.
Klitch, Christensen and at least six other officers searched the vehicle. The search turned up no illegal substances, Coonts and the complaint said. Roseen's lawsuit seeks general and punitive damages.
A few people with similar stories have contacted the Boise law firm heading the suit, Jones & Swartz, since hearing about Roseen's petition, Coonts said.
“It may be a pervasive problem, and as more people come forward that'll play out. But at this point, I don't know the extent,” Coonts said.
Idaho State Police would not comment on the matter Saturday, but a representative said the department plans to issue a statement on the litigation later this week.
By Karla Fetrow
The Appeal to Responsibility
Three months into the Occupy movement, and the mainstream media still view this collaboration of global citizens a protest basically aimed at the banks and economic disparity. Finances are certainly a driving force. The man who is adequately clothed, fed, sheltered and has a good job is far less likely to voice adamant discontent, regardless of political affiliations, than the man who has suddenly lost his life savings through bank foreclosure or a terminal disease. The countries that still have some of their economic stability will be less likely to erupt in violent demonstration than the countries that have found themselves completely bankrupt. Taken strictly from the angle of financial responsibility, it would seem a movement to force individual governments to close tax loopholes for the wealthy, to stimulate the job market, and pass measures of fair wages to keep up with the costs of inflated living expenses.
What the Occupiers are saying is far different than changing the favoritism of government policies, far more out-reaching than individual demographic well-being. They want a sense of responsibility to return to the corporate industry that has destabilized the global economy, endangered the world's environment and conducted invasive wars. They want the Corporate manifest to quit harming the global citizens.
Emergence of the New Economy
Economically, the Western World is in grave danger. While businesses in Europe and the United States stagger under their economic debt, China is out bargain hunting. A recent acquisition was the purchase of a well known Italian fashion brand, Cerruti, by luxury clothing retailer owned by the Hong Kong-based trading group Li & Fung.
“The interest of China is to invest in Italy and European countries in general. I suppose it's a good opportunity to catch,” says Tiberio Graziani, analyst from the “Eurasia, Rivista di Studi Geopolitici” quarterly magazine.
It's not just China cashing in on the faltering economies of Europe. Three other giants stand beside it as newly developing economies; Russia, India and Brazil. The acronym for these countries; BRIC; has come into widespread use as a symbol of the shift in global economic power away from the developed G7 economies towards the developing world. It is estimated that BRIC economies will overtake G7 economies by 2027.
The potential of these rising powers is not lost on the analysts for Goldman Sachs. An article in a May 2010 publication of Goldman Sachs Investment Research stated, “Our baseline projections envisage the BRICs, as an aggregate, overtaking the US by 2018. In terms of size, Brazil's economy will be larger than Italy's by 2020; India and Russia will individually be larger than Spain, Canada or Italy.
In the coming decade, the more striking story will be the rise of the new BRICs middle class. In the last decade alone, the number of people with incomes greater than $6,000 and less than $30,000 has grown by hundreds of millions, and this number is set to rise even further in the next 10 years. These trends imply an acceleration in demand potential that will affect the types of products the BRICs import—the import share of low value added goods is likely to fall and imports of high value added goods, such as cars, office equipment and technology, will rise.
Building Another Cold War
More disturbing than the economic bankruptcy of the Western World is the apparent inability of its elective officials to accept it. Instead of struggling for a solution that would recreate a self-sustaining work force, consequently an ability to contend in the global medium of exchange, the tactic has been to bully its way through, and build a massive military complex with the aid of NATO.
It was a very frustrating day for President Barack Obama when he attended the APEC (Asian-Pacific Economic Cooperation) summit held in Honolulu late November. His hope was to lobby for what he called a growing concern in Iran's development as a nuclear armed nation. According to the Huffington Post, “The United States' vast worries about Iran grew starker with a report this week by the U.N. atomic agency that asserted in the strongest terms yet Iran is conducting secret work with the sole intent of developing nuclear arms. The U.S. claims a nuclear-armed Iran could set off an arms race among rival states and directly threaten Israel.”
Russia and China, both countries with strong veto powers within the U.N. were clearly not impressed. In fact, they perceived Obama's stand more than one of intrusion into a global monetary system that is slowly shifting to the Chinese Yuan as the leading currency.
CEO of Country Risk Solutions Daniel Wagner is quoted in Russian Times as saying that each passing APEC forum and other events on the global stage clearly show that China is really in the driver's seat in many respects.
“This is coming at an awkward time for the U.S., because it is clearly a declining power at the same time it is having trouble adjusting to what that means,” he told RT. “At the same time China is having a bit of a challenge adjusting to what it means to be a truly global player. And it had in the past not really lived up to some of the expectations of some other of the world powers and it is finding its own footing in that regard.”
Nor has Latin America been very impressed with US performance. Thirty-three Latin American leaders have come together and formed a new regional bloc, pledging closer economic and political ties. The Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC) pointedly excludes the US and Canada.
On the second day of a summit in the Venezuelan capital, Caracas, all Latin American leaders, both right and left, officially signed into effect the formation of the CELAC bloc. The foundation of the bloc has been praised as the realization of the two-centuries-old idea of Latin American “independence” envisioned by Simon Bolivar.
Analysts view CELAC as an alternative to the Washington-based Organization of American States (OAS) and as an attempt by Latin American countries to reduce US influence in the region.
“As the years go by, CELAC is going to leave behind the old and worn-out OAS,” Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said at the inauguration of the bloc on Friday.
“It's the death sentence for the Monroe Doctrine,” Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega said.
Fifty-four percent of US taxes go to the military budget and its perceived war on terror. Three billion of this $965 billion budget goes to military housing, nine billion to NASA, nine billion to International security, and $35 billion to homeland security. Operation and maintenance gets the largest cut at $241 billion, and procurement at $143 billion. The United States may go down as an economic failure, but it will go down kicking and snapping its jaws.
The Arms Race is on
Which brings us back around to the question of responsibility. For decades, the United States has wielded its power as an economically stable nation, protecting the interests of capital gain. The capitalistic ideal has morphed into a corporate ideal and the corporations have sold us out. Their interests will not be in helping the Western World get back on its feet, but in following the money. What it leaves us with is a military complex just itching to wage war.
Before the flag wavers of patriotic loyalty leap to their feet, let's consider the global scenario we are facing. What started as peaceful negotiations with Russia for a missile defense plan that would protect both Eastern and Western Europe has deteriorated into a squabble over Russia's inability to participate.
According to an article by Andreas Umland, Russia's failure to become more closely involved with the Eastern Partnership initiative is largely its own fault. The EU and some of its most important member countries, such as Germany, France and Italy, are strongly interested in substantially deepening and widening European cooperation with Russia. If Russia is ready to become “more European” with regard to both its internal and foreign policies, the entire West would be most happy to upgrade Russian-Western cooperation (if necessary, against Central-Eastern European resistance). For that, however, Russia will need to put more efforts into becoming part of the community of Western values in its domestic affairs, especially as regards genuine political pluralism and substantive rule of law. Currently, Russia is faking a multiparty system, and has again installed a de facto one-party state. Vladimir Putin's “dictatorship of the law,” announced earlier, has so far remained unimplemented, or at least has not become reality in the way it was once hoped.”
However, Russian President, Dmitry Medvedev, sees things differently. According to him, NATO has rejected every defense proposal offered by Russia. Permanent Representative to NATO Dmitry Rogozin said in an interview with Radio Russia, “Washington has said “no” to the Russian idea of a common missile defense network. More telling as to the true purpose of the project, perhaps, the US also refused to give legally binding guarantees that the system would not be aimed at Russia's strategic nuclear defenses under any circumstances.”
While Western Europe debates the legitimacy of a non-NATO member having a say in a missile defense plan along Eastern Europe's borders, Russia has taken things in its own hands. Announcing that it would no longer wait to join the European missile defense system, but rather take defensive and offensive initiatives to protect its citizens and preserve its sovereignty, Medvedev outlined his own measures to counter-act NATO's my way or the highway military strategy.
One of its steps has been to launch a military partnership with its Cold War ally, Cuba. Russian contractors have agreed to supply production equipment for manufacturing 7.62-mm rifle rounds, Kommersant daily reports. Cuban arms plant called Comandante Ernesto Che Guevara will also receive a license and technology for recycling used ammo.
The daily cites its sources as saying that Havana officials decided to purchase the equipment after visiting a similar production line in Venezuela. The insider did not reveal any details on the financial terms of the future deal, but said it was close to being sealed.
The BRIC nations; Russia, China, India and Brazil; the countries rising to the forefront as the new economy; have basically told the United States and the Western world to butt out of their affairs. The Western countries are not only torn apart economically, but simmer with civil upheaval. Certainly, the easiest solution is to quell discontent, to pour money into the military budget and focus the Western World on eminent war. Is it the responsible thing to do?
Here is the moment of great decision; possibly the moment that will divide brother against brother, family against neighbor. Will we strap on a defense budget that with certainty will lead us into a war we can't win, into the complete destruction of our society, or will we find peaceful resolution to the problems we face? In the interest of Homeland Security, we have erected a fence against neighbors who could have been potential allies in our struggle to regain sovereign footing. In the interest of a European defense system that would protect Western and Eastern Europe, we have set the stage for a new weapon build up between the West and the Eastern Nations. In the interest of promoting a false democracy at work, independent civil rights movements have been invaded with unwanted military actions, protestors have been beaten and jailed, free press has been vilified, innocent citizens simply exercising their rights have been abused, ostracized and criminalized.
The corporations, who are people by law, are not going to take responsibility for their actions, because by all other definition, they are not people. They have no conscience to appeal to, no single entity to be held accountable for credit card scams, real estate foreclosures, pharmaceutical malpractice, environmental pollution. There is nobody standing up and saying, “the buck stops here.” The governments that shield corporate interests through a militant show of power, are not going to take responsibility for the wasted use of our resources, inciting civil discord or sending our youth to war and returning them in body bags. It's up to the people; each and every one of us, to realize our only chance of freedom lies within ourselves. Our only chance of rising up out of our economic ruin is through each other. Our only chance of peace is to open the doors between the East and the West, develop communications, forget for once, it's important to be a winner and learn what it takes to become a world citizen.
http://rt.com/news/china-investment-europe-debt-431/
http://www2.goldmansachs.com/our-thinking/brics/brics-decade.html
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/11/12/obama-hawaii-apec-economy-trade-asia_n_1089891.html
http://rt.com/news/latin-america-celac-bloc-975/
http://rt.com/news/us-china-yuan-tension-229/
http://en.rian.ru/valdai_op/20110610/164548767.html
http://rt.com/politics/us-russia-missile-defense-rogozin-nato-817/
Justified Renewed For Season 5, FX Greenlights Fargo By Jessica Rawden Random Article Blend Justified will be getting a fifth season. With ratings increasing in the currently airing Season 4, this really should be no surprise for fans. Maybe it's the better Fargo project is actually happening and will air on FX.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia and The League--both recently renewed--as well as Legit. If that makes FX's content seem spread a little thin, it will be, but that's also where Fargo comes in.
The last we heard from the Fargo project was this fall, when the drama was tentatively Fargo up as its first-ever limited series. Fargo will air in a 10-episode arc and will follow a new cast and some new characters with the same setting and tone as the popular film of the same name. Noah Hawley is penning the project and will executive produce and the Coen brothers are also on board to executive produce, alongside Warren Littlefield. FX is moving to produce more limited series, so Fargo should be the first of many similar projects to get airtime.
Justified's Season 5 will go into production in the fall and is set for a January 2014 premiere. Fargo will also go into production in the fall and will hit the network in the spring of 2014. FX is adding a new project and renewing a second. First,will be getting a fifth season. With ratings increasing in the currently airing Season 4, this really should be no surprise for fans. Maybe it's the better access to Boyd and Ava that is bringing people in, but either way I'm happy to see the show will be surviving into next year. Additionally, it seems the Coen brothers'project is actually happening and will air on FX. Justified's Season 5 renewal comes on the heels of FX Networks opting to split its content. Yesterday, the company announced it would be creating FXX, a brand-new channel devoted to comedy. To launch the station, FX will be shipping off fan favorites likeand--both recently renewed--as well as. If that makes FX's content seem spread a little thin, it will be, but that's also wherecomes in.The last we heard from theproject was this fall, when the drama was tentatively scheduled for FX. Now, the network has pickedup as its first-ever limited series.will air in a 10-episode arc and will follow a new cast and some new characters with the same setting and tone as the popular film of the same name. Noah Hawley is penning the project and will executive produce and the Coen brothers are also on board to executive produce, alongside Warren Littlefield. FX is moving to produce more limited series, soshould be the first of many similar projects to get airtime.'s Season 5 will go into production in the fall and is set for a January 2014 premiere.will also go into production in the fall and will hit the network in the spring of 2014. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
First Example
“Traditional approaches to translation no longer cut it”, said a black female actress in a video commercial of a translation agency on my computer screen, and then favored me with a dazzling smile for a second. A white, young, slightly geeky-looking male actor—mostly because he was dressed in jeans instead of conservative office attire and had sneakers on his feet—chimed in, “Translation alone is not enough: in my team, we have agile translation engines, seamless integration, global fluency platforms …” …. “Now I easily customize workflows while our favorite translators edit in context”, added a third actor, also a young white guy, muy sympatico looking, although not quite as young as the second actor, sans tie but more conservatively dressed than the younger geeky dude, probably because his role in the commercial was that of an experienced project manager.
I am quoting the words of three actors in a commercial of a translation agency that has been pursuing me relentlessly wherever I go online for the last month or so. Since these actors are not translators (trust me, I can tell, I have been translating for a living since 1980), everything they say is a lie, right?
Well, no, not really, it's just an ad, and we don't think about what actors say in commercials as lies, although their statements are obviously complete fiction because they're just acting. But advertising is not about lying, it's about selling illusions to people … preferably people who don't know any better.
It's really my fault that these kinds of commercials appear on my computer screen so frequently, for example when I check my local weather. Several times a day I go to multilingual online dictionaries when I am working and am literally at a loss for a word, and sometimes I use words like “translation” and “translator” in my online searches. So an algorithm of one or several search engines must have erroneously determined that I am a likely future customer for the stuff that translation agencies are selling.
Which I am not, of course, because I am a translator myself. But since I then confused the algorithm even further by clicking on these commercials, the search engines must be at this point pretty sure that I am indeed a likely customer. Truth is, I'm clicking on the commercials mostly because it makes me feel good to know that the agencies will be paying good money for each and every one of my clicks.
What is an “agile translation engine”? It sounds like machine translation that is married with “seamless integration” once the product of the agile translation engine has been edited—“in context by our favorite translators” (if we still want to call them that)—as opposed to edited out of context, I suppose. So “the translation industry” is now trying to sell translations to customers based on vacuous commercials instead of based on actual information, with the same type of completely fictional commercials that corporations are using to confuse consumers in order to sell them soap, yogurt and presidents.
Second Example
Last month I was also being pursued online by a commercial from a different translation agency, one that I sort of know personally because I used to work for it. This was back in the day, more than 20 years ago when they were still a very small startup, before they became an octopus that has its tentacles spread to entangle most of the world.
The second agency's commercial, the one that I just called an octopus, must have been cheaper to produce. There were no sexy actors in it pretending to be translators or translation project managers, only graphics quickly flashing on the screen and showing things like simplified outlines of continents and oceans, with gears meshing everything perfectly together. The marketing bit is left to the narrator who is introducing a super-cool translation system that makes it possible for the agency's clients to translate anything into any language at lightning speed with a mouse click or a swipe of a finger on a smart phone. Voilà, it's done, and you save 40 percent on your translation (all of the big agencies now have a new system, and they always use the same number for savings in their advertisements or commercials – 40 percent, not a single percent more or less).
About two years ago, this translation agency asked me to help them with a project involving the translation of five million words from Japanese to English. I still remember that their e-mail said, after the obligatory greeting “Dear Linguist”, “We are very excited about this opportunity”.
Although I was going through a slow period at the time, I didn't want to bite because as I said, I don't like this octopus. I am hardly alone, I believe it is hated by dozens if not hundreds or thousands of translators. But as this particular agency really does have its tentacles everywhere, my phone was ringing off the hook, about a dozen times a day with offers to work on this exciting project from different subsidiaries and sub-sub-subcontracted sub-agencies of the ubiquitous octopus that were located in California, New England, Holland and Asia, among other places, most of them offering low rates because the agency is well known for paying low rates.
If you want to find out more about this, I described my eerie experience with the mammoth project that had to be finished in record time in a post titled How Many Translators Can Dance on the Point of a Very Fine Needle.
The range of rates offered for this particular job was from 10 to 18 cents per English word. Eighteen cents is a really good rate to be offered by an agency these days, so I called one of the coordinator's from the actual agency back (not a sub-sub-sub person), and he said, yes, sure, we have as much work for you as you can handle, let me send you our paperwork, you have to sign it first and you're good to go.
But when I saw the agency's humiliating and not quite legal terms in the “Non-Disclosure Agreement”, which I seem to remember was very long indeed, I decided not to take them up on their generous work offer after all, and I simply sent the coordinator an e-mail stating falsely that I had received a better offer in the meantime, (it was a lie, I actually had no other work at that time).
But that still was not the end of it. A really good agency that sends me well-paid work e-mailed me a proposal for the same Japanese translation job next day. Since they were going to pay me the same rate (18 cents), they must have been offered a much better rate than what the octopus offered to me.
So I called the coordinator, explained the situation to him and told him that while I would never work for the octopus directly, I would definitely work for him. But an hour later, the guy e-mailed me to let me know that he could not sign the contract either, and that was that.
Third Example
I also kind of know the agency that is behind the third commercial that has been chasing me online for quite some time now. This is a very simple, cheap, static advertisement of the type that will simply take you to the agency's website if you click on it.
I think it must be a very small agency, possibly just one woman. She is located in California and she must be spending a lot of money for online advertising.
She was sending me an offer to work for her about twice a month last year. In December of last year, she sent me two e-mails, one for a translation from Japanese and one from French.
The e-mails are basically a form in which she just fills out a few words, such as the language in question and the dates. Since she sends these e-mails to a whole bunch of dear linguists at a time, she does not bother with the names of these linguists. And I don't bother answering her (I never answer when somebody dares to call me “Dear Linguist”).
Here is a sample of one of these e-mails:
Dear Linguist
We would like to inquire about your interest in our translation assignment.
PROJECT INFO:
The subject: [description]
Languages: Japanese to English
Wordcount: 1,650 English words total
Turnaround: tomorrow 10 am pacific time
TRADOS: not necessary
Format: MS Word – track changes
Should you be interested in helping us with this project please reply with your rates and availability.
In your reply retain the subject line of our email so it is easier for us to track your response. Also, if you know of other translators who have the background and the experience we are looking for and could be interested in this project, I would greatly appreciate it if you could forward my email address to them, or send me their coordinates.
Thank you for your time and consideration. We look forward to your reply.
Best regards,
[name], Senior Project Manager
The deadlines are always extremely or brutally tight, on top of low rates. She is probably spending more money for online advertising than on translators because in her initial e-mails, which I started receiving more than a year ago, the rate to be paid to me as the dear linguist in question was specified and it was a pitifully low rate.
Does this method of keeping translators' costs to a minimum while spending your budget on Internet advertising work? The translations will probably be mostly crap, but who cares? Most of the translations that big agencies crank out are crap too. How do you translate five million words in one month, especially from a language as difficult as Japanese, without producing pure crap?
I don't know, maybe her method does work. I am busy some of the time, but definitely not all of the time. Maybe I should give it a try and stop relying on my website's generic rankings, which are pretty good, if I say so myself. Google has been sending me vouchers “worth 100 dollars for advertising on Google” for several years now. It says on the voucher that all I have to do is pick the keywords and give them a call.
Google knows everything about me already, including probably what I will have for dinner tonight, but it still wants to make a little bit more money off me by sending me free coupons with promises of more business if I use those coupons. How nice of them!
Unlike the actress in the translation agency's commercial, I happen to believe that the traditional approach to translation still cuts it. If what you want is a good translation, you need to find a good translator. Just as the best way to find a good dentist, or lawyer, or car mechanic is to ignore all kinds of advertising, including the phone book, TV, radio and Internet, and ask your neighbor or colleague at work to recommend one, the best way to find a good translator is to ask somebody you can trust who knows one.
Good dentists, lawyers and car mechanics don't really need to spend their money on advertising because their clients will do their advertising for them. At least that's how it used to work.
The same should be true about good translators, too. But maybe this was true about translators only before “the translation industry” came out with novel concepts that mostly eliminate the need for a good translator—concepts like agile translation engines, seamless integration, and global fluency platforms, to create a business model in which machine translation and CAT tools are used instead of real translators, while human translators are relegated in this model to the role of “editors” who edit (in context, of course) huge junks of text generated at record speed based on algorithms by machines.
Maybe I am simply unwilling to admit that all resistance is futile because of my naiveté, and because I am hopelessly and uselessly clinging to the memory of the good old days before the Internet with its viruses, spam e-mails, robo-calls and spying en mass on everybody and their grandmother destroyed the life as we used to know it.
Advertisements
A dozen killer whales, trapped and facing near-certain death in the frozen expanse of Canada's Hudson Bay, broke free on Thursday morning, to the vast relief of locals and many thousands monitoring their plight online.
Pictures of the whales clustered around a 10-foot hole in the ice that was their last source of oxygen had set off a desperate search for rescue options.
The authorities in Inukjuak, a village of around 1,800 in northern Quebec, posted video of the distressed orcas on YouTube and Facebook on Wednesday in a bid to get the Canadian government to intervene.
By Thursday morning, however, hunters from the nearby hamlet of Inukjuak reported that changing weather conditions had broken up the ice, and the whales had swum free.
"They are free, they are gone," Johnny Williams, the town manager, said in a telephone interview. "Last night, the winds shifted from the north. The ice cracked and with the new moon, the ice went. We have open waters on the coastline of Hudson Bay."
He said the whales' escape was a huge relief for Inukjuak. Over the last few days, 80 people at a time had gone out on the ice to watch the whales. "We were all trying to find out how we can save them," he said. "We observed the wind, the moon, everything."
The whales' escape was cause for celebration elsewhere in Canada, where there had been a desperate campaign to push the government to send in ice-breaking ships to crack open the ice and help the animals find open water.
Stranding of killer whales in Arctic ice is relatively unheard of. Williams, who is 69, said in his lifetime he had only ever seen two or three carcasses of orcas before this week.
But marine biologists say killer whales are moving into the Arctic in greater numbers over the last decade as the sea ice retreats due to climate change.
Orcas face no natural predators in the Arctic, putting them at the top of the food chain.
The whales spend the summers in the Arctic, feasting on seals and narwhal and beluga whales. By the time the ice freezes, in November or December, they are miles away. A killer whale once tagged near Baffin Island had made it as far as the Azores by winter.
This year, however, the freeze came later, after the new year, and the whales were trapped. "The general picture is that most of the marine animals that can't maintain a hole in the ice move out," said Pete Ewins, a senior officer in the Arctic programme for WWF Canada. "Perhaps a less experienced pod made a mistake."
The Canadian government sent two technicians up to Inukjuak on Thursday morning to brief locals on the very limited list of options for the trapped mammals – none of which were very hopeful of the whales' survival.
Had the weather not intervened, it is likely the whales would have suffocated beneath the sea ice, or endured slow starvation until the break-up of the ice next May.
Ewins said there were few good options for the stranded whales.
icebreakers, as demanded by the mayor of Inukjuak, were too far away from the remote region. Noise of their approach could scare off the whales, he said.
There were only two humane options, he said, which were to fly the whales out by giant helicopters – which would be prohibitive in the Arctic – or install equipment to keep the water moving and ice-free. "The only option would be to put in bubbling equipment to keep enough open water and hope that the whales have enough fat deposits to keep them through to May," he said.
In previous incidents of stranding of belugas, narwhals or other whales that are common in the Arctic, the authorities have resorted to killing the animals outright, to avoid slow starvation and painful death, he said.
In the event, however, nature took its course, freeing the whales before the list of bad options had to be explored.
"I am just very glad," said Megan Epoo, whose elderly uncle was the hunter who originally spotted the stranded whales. "The men here had announced they were going to try and make the breathing hole bigger, and remove the ice from the side of the hole, and that would have been very dangerous. So we were all very worried that something bad would happen," she said.
"But now nobody has to do anything because the whales are free."
Sam Burgess is such a natural talent it won't take him long to adjust to union, according to England's most successful rugby league convert since Jason Robinson.
England winger Chris Ashton, who made the switch from Super League's Wigan to rugby in 2007, believes South Sydney NRL star Burgess has the ability to make an almost instant splash when he joins Bath in October.
Sam Burgess is hoping to represent England at the 2015 Rugby World Cup. Credit:Getty Images
Plenty have tipped Burgess to be a success in rugby but many doubts if he'll be up to speed in time for the 2015 World Cup in England in September-October.
"I'm sure he's getting the help he needs now, but he's such a natural rugby player he'll make things happen," said dual international Ashton.
The advice came this week from the Government's former mental health tsar Natasha Devon. (Picture: Ken McKay /ITV/ REX/ Shutterstock)
Headteachers are being warned that ‘constantly reminding females of their gender' by referring to them as ‘girls' or ‘ladies' in school, could cause anxiety.
The advice came this week from the Government's former mental health tsar Natasha Devon.
Lonely paedophile is allowed to befriend fellow sex offender because he feels isolated
She added that staff should be conscious to only use gender-neutral language when speaking to pupils.
Ms Devon said that she believes it is ‘patronising' to walk into an all-girls' school and say ‘girls or ladies'.
Speaking at the Girls' School Association annual conference, she added that the same rules should apply when addressing male pupils.
Speaking at the Girls' School Association annual conference, she added that the same rules should apply when addressing male pupils. (Picture: HeadSydHigh/ Twitter)
Ms Devon said that she believes it is ‘patronising' to walk into an all-girls' school and say ‘girls or ladies'. (Picture: SolStock/ Getty)
She said: ‘I don't think it's useful to be constantly reminded of your gender all the time and all the stereotypes that go with it.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
Instead, according to The Telegraph, she recommends using terms such as ‘pupils', ‘students' or ‘people', when speaking to students.
Almost all UK businesses are 'not ready' for no deal Brexit
Ms Devon said her thoughts source from her beliefs that the term ‘girls' makes some children feel they have to do everything perfectly.
This, therefore, creates ‘a lot of anxiety'.
The term ‘boys' evokes a sense of ‘being macho and not showing your feelings', she added.
Another reason not to use gendered terms is that ‘there may be transgender pupils' in the room.
Ms Devon said: ‘If your narrative is saying girls don't get angry, or boys don't cry, or girls aren't allowed to do this, or boys aren't allowed to do this, then that is potentially going to have an impact on your well-being.
‘So I hope that in taking away the negative stereotypes associated with gender, we can ultimately improve their mental health.'
The roof of the Kaaba is held by 49 pieces of teak wood brought from Burma and processed in Jeddah. They were evenly distributed on the walls of the Kaaba.
Teak tree wood is known for its strength. They grow in tropical forests in Southeast Asia and can reach a height of 45 meters. They are usually used in the shipbuilding and high-quality industries.
The Kaaba has witnessed many phases of construction throughout history, as mentioned in the Holy Quran, from Adam, Noah, Ibrahim, Quraysh and many others. The messenger of Allah (Peace be upon him) has participated in the building of the Kaaba. The Holy Kaaba has been through a lot as it has been on fire and flooded with water many times, so it had to be rebuilt throughout different eras.
Muhyiddin Hashemi, former director of Kaaba maintenance office said that the current building design was set by Quraysh, where they left just one door open and removed the second door. He added that the Kaaba was re-built by Abdullah ibn al-Zubayr in 64 Hijri after being destroyed and burned by the famous siege of Makkah. However, Abdul Malik bin Marwan rebuilt it back again in 73 Hijri as Quraych had designed it.
During the Saudi reign, many amendments and restorations were made to the Kaaba; in 1377 for example they replaced the roof top of the Kaaba so that it had 2 tops: one external and another internal made of wood.
*This article can be viewed in Arabic on AlArabiya.net
Last Update: Friday, 9 December 2016 KSA 13:32 - GMT 10:32
Comicbook.com reached out Dan Jurgens, who was heavily involved in the popular storyline as both an artist and a writer to get his opinion on both Henry Cavill's comments and Man Of Steel in general. While Henry Cavill might be a fan of Death Of Superman, it seems that the Death Of Superman's Dan Jurgens is a fan of Henry Cavill.
ComicBook.com: While you're not the only person who worked on the Death and Return story, you're the most closely associated with it, having created Doomsday and drawn both Superman #75 and Superman #82. When somebody like Henry Cavill praises the thing, do you get inundated with tweets and e-mails going, "Hey! Did you see this?!"?
Dan Jurgens: Yeah, I do, actually. I think any creator wants their work to count and be remembered. To know that you did something that still resonates with people is really quite flattering. ComicBook.com: Given the company it's in (All-Star, Birthright, Red Son), what do you think makes the Death and Return of Superman story really resonate for a film in which obviously none of those events take place?
Jurgens: I've always said that The Death of Superman wasn't so much about Superman's death as it was a commentary on what Superman means to the world, both in fictional and real terms. I think the entire creative group managed to make a strong statement about Superman's importance to the world through his absence. We touched on the need for heroes and heroism in general, and Superman in particular. That's what drove the story home. ComicBook.com: Generally, what did you think of Man of Steel?
Jurgens: I enjoyed it a great deal. I thought the casting was simply fantastic-- everyone really managed to shine in their roles and Cavill really embodied Superman. I really liked the Kryptonian sequences and the re-envisioned planet and the way they brought Jor-El's "consciousness" to earth. And some of the earth sequences were really quite beautiful-- particularly the Smallville stuff. More than anything, I loved what they did with Lois. We'd always ask, "If she's so smart and such a good reporter, wouldn't she know Clark and Superman were the same?" They got around all of that by having her work through that right from the start, which elevates her as a reporter.
Neil Barofsky, the former Inspector General of the Troubled Asset Relief Fund, can sum up the state of the nation in two words: "Pretty fucked."
The concise assessment came Tuesday during a question and answer session on Gawker, during which a commenter asked: "So we're just totally fucked, right? As citizens, like no-way-out fucked?" The former bailout watchdog, who is currently promoting his new book Bailout, went political with his message.
"We need to convince those seeking or trying to retain power that they will not get our votes unless and until they commit to meaningful change of a financial system," he wrote in the Q&A.
With his f-bomb, Barofsky joins Christina Romer in the cursing pantheon. Romer, the former chair of President Obama's Council of Economic Advisers, told Bill Maher last year that the U.S. was "pretty darned fucked" on the night that Standard and Poor's downgraded the country's credit rating.
Another Washington official known for his testy language? None other than Tim "I have been the most fucking transparent secretary of the Treasury in this country's entire fucking history!" Geithner, a man that Barofsky earlier in the day argued was pushing certain policies in a shallow attempt at "political posturing."
In addition, Barofsky insisted that President Obama's administration, of which Geithner is a part, isn't doing enough to address issues inside the financial industry, saying that Dodd-Frank financial reform doesn't adequately address questions surrounding too-big-to-fail banks:
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Update 12/20/17: US District Court Judge Gloria Navarro declared a mistrial on Wednesday in the prosecution of Cliven Bundy, his sons Ammon and Ryan, and Montana militiaman Ryan Payne, saying that the government had willfully withheld evidence from defense lawyers that was potentially helpful to their case, in violation of legal rules. Navarro set a new trial date of February 26, but that could change at a hearing scheduled for January if she decides the government's conduct is so egregious that the charges should be dismissed entirely.
On the November day when the trial of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy was supposed to start in Las Vegas, I met a man outside the courtroom named Doug Knowles. A Bundy supporter who had been covering the proceedings for a conservative website, Knowles confidently assured me, “This case is never going to get to a jury.”
I thought he was overly optimistic. After all, on its face, the government's case seems like a slam dunk. Much of what the Bundys and the other defendants did was captured on video. The photos of protesters pointing semi-automatic weapons in the direction of federal officers are damning. The government has thousands of emails and Facebook messages from the Bundys and others implicating them in the effort to recruit armed gunmen to face down federal officers. At least one of the original defendants in the case has taken a plea deal in which he agreed to help the prosecution.
Barely a month later, though, Knowles' prediction seems prescient. The government's case against Bundy, his sons Ammon and Ryan, and Montana militiaman Ryan Payne over their participation in the armed standoff near Bundy's ranch in Bunkerville, Nevada, is in shambles. A federal judge, Gloria Navarro, could declare a mistrial as early as Wednesday based on allegations that the prosecution has failed to turn over critical evidence to the defense in a timely fashion. If that happens, it would mark the fourth time in the past year and a half that the Justice Department has put the Bundys and their supporters on trial and largely failed to convict them.
The Bundys first got the better of law enforcement in 2014, when the Bureau of Land Management attempted to impound hundreds of Cliven Bundy's cattle around his Bunkerville ranch. Bundy had been grazing the cattle illegally on public lands for more than 20 years and owed the government more than $1 million in fines and overdue grazing fees. The BLM attempted to enforce a court order to seize the cattle. In response, Bundy and his family called in militia members from across the country to do “whatever it takes” to prevent the BLM from seizing the cows. The BLM ultimately gave up to avoid bloodshed, and the government failed to arrest any of the standoff participants for nearly two years.
Emboldened by the BLM's defeat, Ammon Bundy led a group of armed supporters last year to Oregon, where they took over the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge for 41 days, ostensibly to support ranchers in Oregon who had been sentenced to jail time for setting a fire on public lands. The FBI shot and killed one of the occupiers while trying to arrest him, and Ryan Bundy also was shot and injured.
The evidence against the Bundys was overwhelming: There was extensive video footage of the Oregon takeover, and of the two dozen or so militants inside the refuge, no fewer than nine were FBI informants. And yet, in October 2016, an Oregon jury acquitted Ammon and Ryan Bundy and five other defendants on all of the charges stemming from the wildlife refuge takeover.
A mistrial would mark the fourth time that the Justice Department has put the Bundys and their supporters on trial and largely failed to convict them.
This February, six of the lesser figures in the Bundy ranch standoff went on trial. The jury convicted two of the men, but the judge declared a mistrial for the other four in April, after the jury reported being hopelessly deadlocked on most of the charges. The government retried those four men over the summer, and in August, a jury acquitted them of most of the charges and deadlocked on the remaining ones. The government planned to try two of the defendants for a third time this fall, along with Cliven, Ammon, and Ryan Bundy, but they pleaded guilty to minor charges before the trial started and will not serve significant jail time beyond their long pretrial detention.
When the trial of the three Bundys plus Ryan Payne finally moved to opening statements in November, the government immediately ran into problems, largely of its own making.
At the heart of the case against the Bundys is a conspiracy charge alleging that the Bundys and other defendants lied about their situation when they sent out urgent national requests for militia members and other armed protesters to come to Bunkerville to face off against the BLM. The indictment alleges that the family used “deceit and deception” to recruit followers and gunmen, falsely claiming that the BLM had surrounded the Bundy ranch with snipers and that federal officers had used excessive force against Cliven's son Dave Bundy, who was arrested a few days before the armed standoff while taking photos and protesting along a state highway.
But those claims, dismissed by the government as fiction by paranoid anti-government activists, have largely turned out to be true. And it's taken the government nearly two years, and three trials, to admit as much in court.
The first disclosure came during an evidentiary hearing in October, just days before jury selection was set to begin. Ryan Bundy, representing himself, questioned a National Park Service employee about the surveillance cameras he alleged were set up near the ranch. The government had denied that they existed, but the Park Service employee acknowledged the presence of at least one camera trained on the ranch that was operated by the FBI. She said she had viewed some of the footage from it. In the same hearing, the defense was able for the first time to question Dan Love, the special agent in charge of the BLM's law enforcement operation at the Bundy ranch. He disclosed during his testimony that there were indeed snipers around the ranch and that the government had commissioned a number of threat assessment reports on the Bundys. Those reports had not been turned over to the defense lawyers, despite their requests for them.
Navarro is now considering whether the government failed to turn potentially exculpatory evidence over to the defense, including FBI reports and the threat assessments reports, which defense lawyers finally received last month. She sent the jury home for a week while she considered a defense motion to dismiss the case. The jurors return to the courtroom on Wednesday, when Navarro will reveal the outcome of her deliberations and could declare a mistrial.
Prosecutors clearly view all of these arguments about the snipers and surveillance cameras as pointless digressions that have nothing to do with whether or not the Bundys are guilty of the crimes they're charged with. Exasperated prosecutors filed a motion on Monday asking Navarro to limit the Bundys' arguments to what's actually allowed by the law. They argue that the Bundys' self-defense claim is nonsense and not allowed under recognized legal precedent. Prosecutors are asking the judge to bar the Bundys and Payne from arguing before the jury that the BLM provoked them into violence.
The mere presence of officers enforcing a legal court order, the government argues, is not justification for a violent confrontation, even if they include snipers. “Whatever the term ‘sniper' means to the defendants—it reduces to this: cops have guns and have specialized training, each of which is allowed,” the government's motion says. “The government has no evidence, none, that snipers, or any other federal officer, used any force—let alone excessive force—against the defendants or anyone else. Neither do the defendants.”
The skirmish over the withheld documents is only the latest in a string of problems for the government. Last year, Payne alleged that his calls with his lawyer, which are protected under confidentiality rules, were being recorded by the jail where he was detained. His lawyers asked the judge to ensure that the recordings were not turned over to the prosecution. The judge denied the motion, accepting the prosecutors' insistence that they had no such recordings. As it turned out, the government did have recordings of calls between at least one other defendant in the case, Blaine Cooper, and his lawyers, obtained through the same system that recorded Payne's calls with friends and family. Payne's lawyers asked the judge to dismiss the charges against him on the grounds that the government likely had recordings of Payne's conversations with his lawyers as well, a violation of attorney-client privilege rules and Sixth Amendment protections. The judge hasn't yet ruled on that issue.
The trial may end up being less a prosecution of the Bundys than a referendum on the government's alleged misconduct.
Also dogging the government's case is the problem of Dan Love. Love should be the government's star witness. Instead, the BLM recently fired him for misconduct in another case and for improperly using his position to get coveted tickets for friends to attend the Burning Man arts festival in 2015. The government chose not to call him as a witness in prior trials, but the defense has pressed for him to take the stand in the current trial, hoping he'd be a big liability for the government. He testified via video at an evidentiary hearing in November, when he disclosed the presence of snipers at the ranch, and he was critical of the government's handling of the standoff.
Making matters worse, Larry Wooten, a former BLM investigator who worked on the Bundy case, filed a whistleblower complaint with the Justice Department, alleging that he'd been removed from the investigation in February after he'd raised concerns about misconduct by Love. He suggested the government had failed to turn over evidence of such misconduct to defense lawyers for the Bundys. He also alleged that BLM officials were biased against the Bundys, writing that during the investigation, “at any given time, you could hear subjects of this investigation openly referred to as ‘ret*rds,' ‘r*d-necks,' ‘overweight woman with the big jowls,' ‘d*uche bags,' ‘tractor-face,' ‘idiots,' ‘in-br*d,' etc., etc.” He wrote that during the ranch standoff, Love had told agents to “kick Cliven Bundy in the mouth (or teeth) and take his cattle.”
Wooten alleged that BLM officers had bragged about using excessive force during the arrest of Dave Bundy in 2014 and “grinding his face into the ground.” More significant for the prosecution, Wooten wrote that on multiple occasions, Love “specifically and purposely ignored U.S. Attorney's Office and BLM civilian management direction and intent as well as Nevada State Official recommendations in order to command the most intrusive, oppressive, large-scale, and militaristic trespass cattle impound possible.” He added, “The investigation indicated that there was little doubt there was an improper cover-up in virtually every matter that [Love] participated in, or oversaw and that [Love] was immune from discipline and the consequences of his actions.”
The government turned over the memo to the defense earlier this month (although it has not been shown to the jury), and Cliven Bundy's lawyer, Brett Whipple, immediately used it to ask Navarro to dismiss the case. The Oregonian's Maxine Bernstein, who broke the news of the Wooten memo, reported this week that prosecutors had recruited another BLM official to look into Wooten's allegations back in February. That agent concluded that the government had turned over all the evidence it was required to, and he found no evidence that Love had sent officers to rough up the Bundys. But the damage may already be done. Even if the judge allows the case to go forward on Wednesday, the memo could hurt the government's case if the jury learns about it. The trial may end up being less a prosecution of the Bundys than a referendum on the government's alleged misconduct.
Former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit's statement, that as the single largest party BJP should be allowed to form a government in Delhi, may have left several Congress leaders fuming and red-faced but the former governor of Kerala has now found support from another important functionary in the party.
AICC secretary and a three time MLA in Delhi, Naseeb Singh, strongly backed Sheila's contention and argued against that those in Congress who criticised Dikshit for appearing to be supportive of BJP's cause. Singh's statement boosts BJP president Amit Shah's contention that the BJP had the mandate and there was nothing wrong if his party attempts to form the government in the Capital. A vertical split of opinion in Congress ranks could be added to further embarrassment to the party.
Talking to Firstpost, Singh said: "There is nothing wrong in what Sheila Dikshit has said. In fact what she said is absolutely right. At times we should get over from party specific consideration and think of what could be good for the state, nation and the people. In my opinion BJP, being the single largest party, is morally right in attempting to form government in Delhi. If they can get support and the required numbers, then why shouldn't they from the government."
"If Aam Admi Party could form a government with 28 MLAs, then BJP with 29 has every right to form a government. AAP didn't even have the majority when they had accepted LG's offer to form the government. The Congress supporting AAP is besides the point. Is it not a fact that AAP with 28 did not have the numbers on their own” Singh added.
"Look at the ground situation. Delhi has been under President's rule for the last one year. The popular will is not represented in governance. There are so many problems that need to be addressed. If an election is called now, Rs 300-Rs 400 crore of public's money would be spent. Same money could be used for welfare schemes, or for projects that can make a difference in lives of women and people from weaker sections of society”, Singh said.
Incidentally, Naseeb Singh was part of Rahul Gandhi's young brigade, the AICC secretaries who virtually revolted against old guards in the Congress, writing letter against general secretaries asking them not to make any public comment that could be perceived as disapproving to Rahul's position. Singh had also been parliamentary secretary to Sheila, a post with status of a minister. "There are so many issues where my views have been different than hers but on this issue I totally agree with her. I have been an MLA for three terms and want to get re-elected. But at times one has to go beyond and think of larger public goods," he said.
On Thursday, Sheila had shocked Congress leaders by making a statement that broadly appeared to be in sync with BJP president Amit Shah's interview to Economic Times. Sheila had said:
"What I want to say is that if government can be formed then it should be formed. After all, the LG would have to see that every effort has been made to form the government before the final option of fresh polls is explored. If BJP has reached such a situation where it is capable of forming a government, it is good for Delhi... As far as I could understand, any MLA, whether he is from Congress or AAP or from any other party, doesn't want elections. People are saying that the MLAs have just been elected and it's not even been a year. As far as I can understand, and people are telling me, that they (MLAs) want a government."
It was one of those rare occasions, when a senior Congress leader of Sheila's stature and the BJP president were on the same page on one of the most contentious issues — formation of government in Delhi.
The Congress is in a very bad shape in Delhi. The parliamentary poll results have further demoralised its leaders and workers. A recent survey predicted that only four percent of voters were willing to vote for the Congress. Under these demotivating circumstances the Congress would want time to regroup, regain lost grounds and go for elections only later.
The BJP president in his statement to the Economic Times put a spin on formation of government in Delhi and said:
"Nobody wants elections in Delhi. In the past year and a half, there have been two mandates. Both these mandates have been in favour of the BJP. In Vidhan Sabha we have emerged as the single largest party and in LS, all seven seats were won by us. The public mandate is clearly in our favour. At the state level, however, the issue is about majority. I don't know who will support the BJP or who won't. But why should we refuse if someone is willing to support the party. That being said we will obviously not accept help through unethical means."
Notwithstanding Amit Shah's forceful contention on government, BJP leaders in Delhi are still at a loss as to how the party would get the required numbers. The Congress could not openly support the BJP and the BJP cannot publicly take Congress support. Congress-Yukt BJP Sarkar taunt could be too much for the BJP to bear. There could be abstentions and resignation but since the sting operation on Delhi BJP vice-president Sher Singh Dagar has been out, no BJP leader is willing to negotiate for they fear of getting stung.
Political support always comes for a price. "We can still talk, negotiate on issues like one does in a coalition government, but one has to be generally very careful. May be after a full proof physical search, if not a strip search”, a BJP leader said on the condition of anonymity.
Else, it could be like 13-day Vajpayee government experiment in 1996. LG's invite to BJP is unlikely to come soon. Home minister Rajnath Singh said, "There have been media reports but I have not received any communication from President House for home ministry's opinion."
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
ESPN's Adam Schefter reports that although the investigation is still ongoing, Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott is bracing for a short suspension stemming from an alleged domestic violence incident in 2016. (1:18)
Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott has received a report from the NFL on its findings from an investigation into a 2016 domestic violence accusation against him, and Elliott is preparing a response to the league, sources told ESPN's Adam Schefter.
Elliott's response is expected to be submitted sometime over the next week.
Multiple sources close to the situation told Schefter that Elliott could face a one- or two-game suspension, but the league has denied that any decision on discipline has been made, and says it could not be made until its investigation is complete.
"The NFL is looking to pin something on him," one source familiar with the investigation said.
It is one of the reasons that Elliott now is bracing for a short suspension even if the league insists no decisions have been made, sources said.
In July 2016, Elliott was questioned by Columbus, Ohio, police after a former girlfriend accused Elliott of assaulting her multiple times over the course of a week. The woman told police that, in one instance, Elliott assaulted her while they sat in a parked car.
The district attorney chose not to pursue charges against Elliott because of conflicting stories. Witnesses at the scene said they did not see an assault occur.
When the Cowboys' season ended in January, Elliott said he wanted "closure."
"I would rather it not drag on this long," Elliott said. "If there was something to find, which there's not, they would've found it by now. The police did a very thorough investigation. It just seems like they're dragging their feet right now. Who knows, man? I'm just ready for it to end."
According to the league's personal conduct policy, a player can be punished by the NFL even if he does not face legal punishment. A first-time violation of the policy carries a six-game suspension, but it also allows for a lesser penalty if mitigating factors are involved.
ESPN's Todd Archer contributed to this report.
The head honcho of Marvel Studios, Kevin Feige, has been busy making the press rounds on behalf of his latest flick IRON MAN 3 (which we've just reviewed… long story short: it's awesome!), and besides the usual fluff that reporters are known to as, one particularly interesting question piqued my interest. Regarding the deluge of rumors and minsinformation abound on the internet, the Feige-meister had this to say:
Reporter: You're a very internet-savvy guy and it seems like you're reading everything… There are a lot of sites up there reporting leaks or rumors or sometimes even misinformation. I wanted to get your thoughts on “How does Marvel deal with this” in an age when sharing information on the internet is becoming unstoppable.
Kevin Feige: What are you talking about? Latino Review?
Reporter: Nobody specifically. Really just interested in how Marvel Studios is evolving to handle the internet as a whole…
Kevin Feige: Its an interesting question. I think the only thing you could probably do is exclude them — don't give them access. Don't invite them to set visits, to junkets. But I don't know, info is always going to get out there and someones always going to be posting it. Here's what I will say, since X-men one frankly, where a photo was stolen off a wardrobe thing and it was the very first look of Hugh Jackman in costume as him under flourescents… it looked awful. (Laughs) It was just like “Oh, this is the world we are living in. This is the reality.” So we've always just accepted it. Spy pictures will leak and we used to try to run ahead and put out a cool picture first. Now if we have a cool picture we will put it out, but if we don't, that's okay[…] Misinformation… You know, it gets a little annoying when somebody is like “This is what's happening! This is what Kevin Feige is doing!” It's annoying when they are right and it's equally annoying when they are wrong, because everybody passes it. “Planet Hulk is the next thing” and everybody talks about it and you're just like “Okay, but you'll be disappointed if you're expecting it.”
Feige was apparently joined by Iron Man 3 Director, Shane Black who is smirking and says “It's like Iron Man flying off to see The Guardians at the end of this one…”
Following the debut of the new poster yesterday, Warner Bros. Pictures has revealed the first trailer for 300: Rise of an Empire which you can watch below!
Based on Frank Miller's latest graphic novel “Xerxes” and told in the breathtaking visual style of the blockbuster 300, this new chapter of the epic saga takes the action to a fresh battlefieldon the seaas Greek general Themistokles (Sullivan Stapleton) attempts to unite all of Greece by leading the charge that will change the course of the war. 300: Rise of an Empire pits Themistokles against the massive invading Persian forces led by mortal-turned-god Xerxes (Rodrigo Santoro), and Artemesia (Eva Green), vengeful commander of the Persian navy.
300: Rise of an Empire opens in 3D, 2D and IMAX theaters on March 7, 2014.
Mary O'Malley spent months on her master's thesis at Northwestern, hoping to reshape Charles Comiskey's legacy. View Full Caption Mary O'Malley
CHICAGO — Mary O'Malley wants to reshape Charles Comiskey's legacy.
For her master's thesis in the Northwestern School of Professional Studies, the Morgan Park native and South Loop resident spent nine months detailing the longtime White Sox owner's life — and how she believes he was unfairly portrayed by the 1919 Black Sox scandal.
In her thesis, the Latin School of Chicago graduate mined hundreds of documents and newspaper articles to reveal Comiskey's willingness to employ African-Americans, opening his baseball cathedral Comiskey Park to women, and his generosity to Catholic organizations and parishes throughout Chicago.
As the White Sox prepare to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the franchise's 1917 title — its second World Series win — O'Malley said it's time to give Comiskey his proper due.
"He deserves to be celebrated and honored, not vilified," O'Malley said. "When you dig deeper, you find out who he was and what he did for the city of Chicago. ... It took me a lot longer than I thought, but it was really fun."
Comiskey died in 1931 and O'Malley's thesis — titled "Charles Comiskey: South Side Scrooge or 'Epitome of a Self-Made Man?'" — details how crowds filled St. Thomas the Apostle, which had a capacity of 1,400, for his funeral. Nearly 600 more people waited outside. Hundreds served as honorary pallbearers while more than 200 cars followed Comiskey's casket from Hyde Park to Calvary Cemetery in Evanston.
"I started to question how someone so horrible would have such a following turn out for his funeral," O'Malley said.
Comiskey's image was tarnished after the book "Eight Men Out" came out 1963, followed by 1988 release of the Hollywood movie of the same name. Both painted Comiskey as a tightwad who led several 1919 White Sox players to fix the World Series, O'Malley said.
"He was heartbroken" after the 1919 World Series, O'Malley said. "The thought that people would betray him was heartbreaking."
And she disputes that his treatment of players led them to throw the series, noting that the Sox payroll in 1919 was $88,460, which was third highest in the league behind the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox.
"The image that Charles 'alienated many players with his tightfisted, petty behavior' is absurd," O'Malley wrote.
Comiskey grew up on the Near West Side in a home on South Laflin Street and spent a lot of time at Holy Family Parish on 12th Street, where his dad was a founding member. He played professional baseball for several teams before he ended up buying the St. Paul club and moving it to Chicago. He named the team the White Sox, a variation of the White Stockings, the former name of the team that became the Cubs, O'Malley wrote.
After he built Comiskey Park (which O'Malley believes had similarities to Holy Family) in 1910, he opened it up to community groups. When a parade in support of Women's Suffrage that was to take place in Grant Park in 1914 was canceled, he sent a telegram to a group leader saying, "Pleased to allow you to use Comiskey Park in May," O'Malley wrote.
By 1931, the year he died, he employed 50 blacks at the park, the most of any team, according to the Chicago Herald and Examiner, O'Malley wrote.
O'Malley first wrote about Comiskey in Northwestern professor Bill Savage's Baseball as the American Narrative class in 2015. Savage also directed O'Malley's thesis, which was completed last year. He said master's students in Northwestern's school of professional studies can take on any topic that interests them.
"She very successfully argued that the depiction of Comiskey as a greedy villain — someone whose short-sighted [and] money-grubbing betrayed baseball in general and White Sox fans in particular — was not accurate," said Savage, of Rogers Park. "By focusing through the lenses of his Irish immigrant background, and the family, religious and economic dynamics that came over from the Old Sod to booming Chicago, Mary shows that Comiskey's story is much more complex and interesting than the caricature."
O'Malley has shared her thesis with Comiskey's great great grandson William Rigney Kellens, who said the paper "opens a door to which most Chicagoans and baseball fans in general did not know about my great great grandfather."
"Mary O'Malley delivers one of the best, hard-hitting well-researched papers on Charles Comiskey," Kellens said. "Unlike other authors over the years who used hearsay and made up characters out of thin air, Mary dug into areas where other authors never went; deep into the coffers of Chicago history all the way down to local parish records.
"My great great grandfather was a very proud man. He stuck to the rules, worked hard and was a very successful business owner. He cared deeply about his family, the fans and his beloved Chicago White Sox."
O'Malley would like more of Comiskey's lineage to see the thesis and then hopes to have it presented in history or baseball museums.
O'Malley serves as a college counselor at Chicago Jesuit Academy, a school for third- through eighth-graders in Austin. Comiskey developed his love for baseball at Holy Family Parish — one of Chicago's oldest churches — and was part of the first class at St. Ignatius College (now Loyola University).
Of the Jesuit connection between her and Comiskey, O'Malley said: "I feel like there's a part of Charles Comiskey always following me."
Abstract of Thesis by DNAinfo Chicago on Scribd
*Correction appended.
Editor's note: This story has been updated throughout.
Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick joined a handful of other Texas Republican officials Friday in blaming Black Lives Matter protests for the shooting in Dallas Thursday night that left at least five police officers dead.
"I do blame people on social media with their hatred towards police," Patrick said during an interview on Fox News on Friday. He added that, despite the "peaceful" nature of last night's protests, he blames previous Black Lives Matter events for the incident.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
He also blames protesters at the event critical of law enforcement for expecting protection from them when shots were fired.
“ I do blame people on social media with their hatred towards police. ” — Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick
"All those protesters last night, they ran the other way, expecting the men and women in blue to turn around and protect them," Patrick said. "What hypocrites!"
Patrick wasn't the only Texas Republican to link the Black Lives Matter movement to the shooting in Dallas on Friday. State Rep. Bill Zedler, R-Arlington, tweeted similar allegations.
"Clearly the rhetoric of Black Lives Matter encouraged the sniper that shot Dallas police officers," he wrote.
In a separate tweet, he said the "hands up, don't shoot" rhetoric often used in Black Lives Matter events "is a lie" the media needs to dispel.
U.S. Rep. Louie Gohmert, R-Tyler, also pointed to the movement as a source of tension during an appearance on Fox Business and said President Obama has been "divisive" in his handling of tensions between African-Americans and law enforcement.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
"He always comes out against the cops, but then he would usually be wrong," Gohmert said. "This administration has supported Black Lives Matter, as even as its leaders have called out for killing cops."
Such rhetoric appeared at odds with a message of unity that Republican Gov. Greg Abbott pushed Friday.
“In the coming days, there will be those who foment distrust and fan the flames of dissension,” he wrote in an open letter first published by The Dallas Morning News. “To come together - that would be the greatest rebuke to those who seek to tear us apart.”
Organizers of the Black Lives Matter movement quickly condemned the Dallas shooting and took issue with efforts to blame the movement on it.
"Black activists have raised the call for an end to violence, not an escalation of it," the group wrote in a statement Friday. "Yesterday's attack was the result of the actions of a lone gunman. To assign the actions of one person to an entire movement is dangerous and irresponsible."
Abby Livingston and Jim Malewitz contributed to this report.
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly quoted Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick's criticism of protesters in Dallas. What he actually said was, "What hypocrites!"
For more on this story, see President Obama's remarks on the Dallas police shooting, how Dallas police used a robot to kill a suspect for the first time in the U.S., and how some say Dallas police and community relations were improving before Thursday's attack.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Now this is people power: A crematorium in the U.K. plans on capturing the heat given off from its furnaces and turning it into usable energy. Expect some controversy on this one, no matter how pragmatic the plan to install electricity-generating turbines in the Durham facility really are. After all, it's burning corpses that will be turning the turbine blades.
PennEnergy reports:
A crematorium wants to install turbines in two of its burners to generate electricity. The burners at Durham Crematorium would use the heat generated during the cremation process to provide the same amount of electricity as would power 1,500 TVs. A third burner is to be used to provide heating for the site's chapel and its offices. The scheme would be the first of its kind in the UK but industry experts say that it could be followed by other similar projects.
Crematoria aren't exempt from efficiency standards that are requiring industries across the board in the U.K. to clean up their acts. As such, many institutions are replacing their furnaces anyways, to reduce mercury emissions. Perhaps the time is ripe to install turbines while they're at it, and capitalize on the energy given off by the burning dead folks.
In all seriousness, this makes perfect sense -- even if it is the equivalent of Soylent Green for energy production. I, for one, would rest a little easier if I knew that my body would whip up some clean power after I bit the dust.
When it comes to stadium-subsidy campaigns, sports team owners have a massive soapbox and generally aren't afraid to use it — who can forget the “Yes on Prop C” sign on the San Diego outfield wall throughout the 1998 World Series? The Calgary Flames owners, though, look to be taking things to a new level:
"NHL view, albeit unofficial, is league would prefer players not make political statements. Teams may take money to do so, however." pic.twitter.com/TCCYoAcOyV — #DCSports Playoffs (@DannyPage) October 8, 2017
One of the tackiest things I've seen in all my years watching @NHL. Ken King and @TeamBillSmith aren't arrogant but @nenshi is? #yycvote pic.twitter.com/gsdKhILRgw — Jason Ribeiro (@Jason_Ribeiro) October 8, 2017
Displaying their bogus and poorly copy edited PowerPoint slides on arena video screens is one thing. Running “Bill Smith For Mayor” ads, whether they were paid for or not, is another, especially when team CEO Ken King previously said:
“We're not running for office. It's certainly not an election issue for us,” King said. “We're certainly not trying to throw fuel on the fire.”
Meanwhile, the Globe and Mail reports that the Flames owners, in addition to seeking public money for a new arena, initially requested “an option to buy and develop land near the events complex, a slice of the Stampede Casino's revenue, all parking revenue from major events it would manage at the events complex and other goodies.” And also: “the city of Calgary covering the cost of flood insurance, reimbursing the club for all provincial property taxes that may be imposed on the facilities, and requiring local ratepayers to pick up the bill for a public gathering place suitable for festivals next to the arena.” And also:
“Our proposals in the enclosed term sheet outline the minimum requirements for a robust competitive sports environment and the infrastructure needed to compete on the world stage from an entertainment perspective,” Ken King, president of CSEC, said in the letter.
In the latest polls, Smith has reportedly taken a sizable lead over Mayor Naheed Nenshi, based on a massive surge in his support from 18-to-34-year-olds, which is either a sign that Smith's message is resonating with young people or just a sign that polls suck. We'll see a week from today.
Unless otherwise noted, the ratings numbers below are based on the final overnights and may vary slightly from the preliminaries reported on the Cancelled Sci Fi Twitter Site.
Series Premiere: On Wednesday, FX's X-Men spin-off series Legion had its debut and it pulled a 0.69 rating based on the overnights for the 18-49 demographic with 1.6 million total viewers. Those are pretty impressive numbers for a cable show these days and have this one off to a good start coming out of the gate. And while the show might not be in the same range as FX's American Horror Story, which had a 1.6 rating average this past Fall, it is definitely better than the 0.4 average The Strain pulled for the network during its most recent season. I'm guessing that FX has other financing arrangements in place so that the show does not have to rely as heavily on linear viewing, as has become quite common with cable entries of late. But with the ratings at this level, that gives it an extra boost. If it can hold in the 0.5 to 0.6 range throughout its first season run, then I consider this one a lock for a second season renewal.
Time is Running Out: On Monday, NBC's Timeless slipped to its lowest numbers yet as it could only muster a 0.6 rating based on the overnights for the 18-49 demo with 2.9 million total viewers. Now it is true that Celebrity Apprentice is providing a much weaker lead-in than The Voice did in the Fall, but with numbers this low, that won't give Timeless a pass. The show regularly lost a fair amount of the audience from The Voice during the first half of the season (sometimes over 50%), so it was already under-performing before getting a new lead-in in January. And overall, its season to date average of a 1.2 rating is well below the network's average of a 1.5 score. Timeless has seen decent gains from delayed viewing, but the networks still discount those number heavily, despite what they may tell you. The show only has two more episodes left in its first season, and that does not give it enough time for a ratings surge. At this point, I do not believe that NBC will see fit to bring this one back for a second season and I am changing its status to Cancellation Likely.
Rating Results of Interest: On Tuesday, ABC's Agents of SHIELD improved slightly to a 0.7 rating based on the demo with 2.1 million total viewers. But that doesn't get it out of the ratings sewer and I still believe this one will bow out after its fourth season. On Wednesday, Syfy's The Expanse saw a notable drop for its second Season 2 episode as it slipped 28% to a 0.18 rating with 590k total viewers. I don't know if the Legion debut (which aired in the same hour) impacted its linear numbers, but I'm thinking that The Expanse draws a fair amount of its audience from digital viewing. And the buzz for that show remains very positive on the internet, so I'm thinking a third season should still be a good bet for that one. On Thursday, NBC's Powerless slipped to a 0.8 rating with 2.5 million total viewers which has that one in trouble pretty early. If it had managed to hold above a 1.0 score, I would still think it had a chance. But I'm thinking that NBC will be hard-pressed to stick with this one at these levels. If it makes a surge next week, it might have a chance. But for now, I am moving its status to On the Bubble and that will change to Cancellation Likely pretty soon if its numbers do not improve. Over on the USA, Colony improved to a 0.31 rating with 890k total viewers, its best numbers for its second season. At this point, I am liking this show's chances of surviving into a third year.
The Charts: There was a little bit more activity on the charts than we have seen of late as both Lucifer and Gotham made it into the broadcast net Top 25 based on the overnights for the 18-49 demo (at Number 19 and 24 respectively) with their last new episodes before going on a second hiatus. And MacGyver was back with a new episode last week which landed at Number 11 in the broadcast net Top 25 based on total viewers. Also, Teen Wolf made it into the Nielsen Social Media Top 10 for the week at Number 9 with its mid-season finale episode. Expect The Walking Dead to return to that chart as well as the Cable Top 25 with its mid-season return this Sunday.
Series Chart Curr Wk Rank Prior Wk Rank Gotham Broadcast Net Top 25 (18-49 Demo) 24 25 Lucifer Broadcast Net Top 25 (18-49 Demo) 19 n/a MacGyver Broadcast Net Top 25 (Total Viewers) 11 n/a Teen Wolf Nielsen Social Net Ratings Top 10 9 n/a
Be sure keep an eye out for the latest numbers and any breaking news throughout the week at the Cancelled Sci Fi Twitter Site and Facebook Page. You can see the status of all the currently airing sci fi / fantasy shows at the Cancellation Watch page. And for more information on where I get these numbers and how I make my Cancellation Alert assessments, check out the Cancelled Sci Fi FAQ.
The writer is a member of staff.
THIS is coming to emergency levels and there is no option now but to shout this out as loudly as possible in the hope that somebody, somewhere, will hear the appeal and find a way to stop this madness. In a nutshell, here is what is happening: the government is laying the groundwork to have you and me, and all other paying consumers of power in this country, foot the bill for the entire circular debt which has surged once again to 2013 levels, approaching half a trillion rupees.
After this, they will use the same mechanism to pass onto us the bill for the massive cost escalations that are about to hit all the power projects that we are so often reminded are being implemented to ‘eliminate load-shedding'. Of course, no such thing will happen, even though the country will be surplus in power generation in a year's time, but the bills will still need to be paid by us.
How are they doing this? By tweaking a 1998 law to allow the government to add on any surcharges and miscellaneous fees to power bills whenever they want.
Currently the government has the power to add on miscellaneous charges, but still requires the approval of Nepra, the power regulator. The amendments that they are now preparing to railroad through parliament will do away with this formality.
A little known clause was added to the Nepra Act through the finance bill in 2008. That clause, paragraph 5 of Section 31, reads as follows: “Each distribution company shall pay to the federal government such surcharge as the federal government, from time to time, notify in respect of each unit of electric power sold to the consumers and any amount paid under this sub-section shall be considered as a cost incurred by the distribution company to be included in the tariff determined by the authority.”
The full cost of the power sector will be recovered from those who are faithfully paying their bills.
It was under this clause that the earliest of these surcharges was added to the bills of consumers in Punjab. The Neelum Jhelum surcharge, charged at 10 paisas per unit. Nepra approved this surcharge to run till 2015. Then came a string of other surcharges. There was the “financing cost surcharge” at 42 paisas per unit, and a “tariff rationalisation surcharge” at rates that differed depending on consumer category, and a “universal obligation fund surcharge”. The rationalisation surcharge was withdrawn in 2013, the other two were notified in 2014 only to be met with a court challenge
In a 2015 judgement, the Lahore High Court struck them down. That decision was subsequently overturned in the Supreme Court, but the principle of ensuring that surcharges be approved by Nepra, and not be imposed arbitrarily by the government through its relevant ministries, remained intact.
The petitioners argued in that case that “the entire purpose and function of Nepra is defeated when the federal government levies a surcharge and deems it as a cost without any scrutiny from the regulator or under the tariff determination process”, going on to argue that doing so “amounts to regulatory capture”. The government argued that surcharges “represent the cost of the system ie, the cost of transmission, generation and distribution of electric power consumed and includes capital and development costs for future projects to produce electricity” and are necessary to ensure the stability of the system.
Governments have longed chafed at the inconvenience of going through Nepra in order to recover additional dues from consumers. These dues are sought in the name of fancy-sounding principles, such as ‘system stability', ‘ensuring equity in power pricing', or ‘arranging future generation capacity'. In truth, it is simply a hunt for resources to pay for system inefficiencies and government ineptitude.
In the fancy jargon of the power sector, they call it ‘full cost recovery'. What this means is that the full cost of the power sector will be recovered from those who are faithfully paying their bills, and dutifully using a legal connection to draw their power. And if the cost of loss and theft, penalties and rents, cannot be passed onto the consumer directly through the tariff, then the roundabout way of doing that is through surcharges and miscellaneous fees. Except that the law, even as stated in the amendment introduced in 2008, still requires the approval of Nepra, an independent and autonomous body that need not bow to government dictates.
Nepra is the only entity standing between power consumers and the thieves and rent seekers who leach off the system. By taking the power to impose surcharges and fees out of its hands and placing it squarely into the hands of the government, the regulator is basically being bypassed and the consumer interest, which is at odds with the private interests of the power generation companies, will now be hostage to the government's revenue requirements.
When the government came into power, there was a huge circular debt of almost Rs500 billion that had crippled the system and stalled power generation, resulting in massive load-shedding across the country. They extinguished that problem by releasing the entire amount in one go to all power producers. The result was a surge in the fiscal deficit, sending it beyond eight per cent of GDP.
Now as they approach their final year, the circular debt is back to the same level, and before they hand power over to an interim government, they have to ensure that it is brought down to zero again, lest it cripple the power sector during those crucial three months when an interim government will be running things.
But zeroing the circular debt from government money will result in a sharp spike in the fiscal deficit, exposing the fragility of the economic recovery that is such a central part of the government's story. So then we have plan B, which is to change the law to enable that entire half-a-trillion rupee overhang to be passed onto us, the consumer, through our bills instead.
The writer is a member of staff.
khurram.husain@gmail.com
Twitter: @khurramhusain
Published in Dawn, June 22nd, 2017
NOTE: We have noticed that some Peanut Lab Surveys have been crediting in your ledger as Special Offers. We are currently looking into it but please do not worry, completed Peanut Lab Surveys will count towards the Survey Soiree.
Nothing beats the feeling of euphoria when you complete a survey. What if we could prolong that joy beyond just getting closer to your next gift card redemption? We're talking about SB Swag Up Rebates for survey completions, of course!
Announcing the latest iteration of our famous Survey Soiree! Make sure you're paying attention because it's a little different than our previous Survey Soirees but much more rewarding!
Starting Monday, August 24th at 12am PDT/3am EDT through Sunday, August 30th at 11:59:59pm PDT/August 31st at 2:59am EDT you'll earn your Swag Up in one of three ways:
COMPLETE between 5 and 9 Surveys during the promotion and you'll receive a 150 SB Swag Up Rebate
COMPLETE between 10 and 19 Surveys during the promotion and you'll receive a 400 SB Swag Up Rebate
COMPLETE 20+ Surveys during the promotion and you'll receive a 1,000 SB Swag Up Rebate
Try your hand at Gold Surveys, Peanut Lab Surveys, Daily Surveys, Email Surveys and Partner Surveys, they all count.
Your SB Swag Up Rebate will be available starting September 7th and will expire on October 7th.
Cheers!
-Team Swagbucks
FAQs
Do Disqualifications or Over-Quotes count as completions?
No. ONLY completions will count towards the Swag Up.
When will my Swag Up for this promotion be available?
Provided you qualify for a Swag Up, your Swag Up will be made available September 7th and expire on October 7th.
Are the Swag Ups cumulative?
No. You will only receive one Swag Up if you qualify. For example, if you complete between 20+ Surveys during the promotion you will receive a 1,000 SB Swag Up Rebate. You will not receive any other Swag Ups from this promotion.
Will manual credits count as completions towards the Swag Up Rebate?
No, due to issues with tracking, manual credits will not count as completions towards the Swag Up Rebate.
The plastic coyote didn't spook geese like city officials had hoped it would. So they're taking a new approach: laser beams and explosives. Half an hour before sunset on Wednesday, wildlife experts will start shooting small, noisy fireworks over the Olentangy River between W. 5th and Lane avenues. Some erupt in a bang, others in a whistle, but both are designed to scare geese.
The plastic coyote didn�t spook geese like city officials had hoped it would. So they�re taking a new approach: laser beams and explosives.
Half an hour before sunrise on Wednesday, wildlife experts will start shooting small, noisy fireworks over the Olentangy River between W. 5th and Lane avenues. Some erupt in a bang, others in a whistle, but both are designed to scare geese.
�They�re basically a small, little projectile fired out of a starter pistol, similar to what you see at a track race,� said Jeff Pelc, a wildlife biologist at the U.S. Department of Agriculture Wildlife Services. �They�re pretty loud.�
Teams of two USDA wildlife workers will fire about 100 rounds over the river every day until December, stopping half an hour after sunset. When they aren�t shooting, and when it�s darker outside, they will beam powerful lasers near the geese, which mistake the light for a predator and fly away, Pelc said.
For that work, the city will pay $100,000. City officials referred questions about the project to Pelc.
Geese have been thwarting the city�s plans to grow grass and other plants along the newly widened banks of the Olentangy. They eat seeds and hang out on the flat, bald land where there is nowhere for predators to hide.
But without plants, the widened banks are vulnerable to erosion. �It�s a muddy mess down there right now,� Pelc said.
Contractors tried several schemes before this to shake the birds. After the decoy coyote failed, workers sprayed foul-tasting chemicals on the new seeds and set up low fences on the fresh ground. But about 150 Canada geese continued to live in the area.
There�s urgency to the project because the geese have started to breed. They aren�t nesting yet, Pelc said. Once they do, it becomes much more difficult to make them leave. It doesn�t matter where the geese go, he said, as long as they leave the newly renovated riverbank that�s been exposed after the demolition of a low-head dam near W. 5th Avenue.
Ohio State University has been warning students and faculty members about the noise. The school has several buildings alongside that part of the river.
�Loud noises similar to fireworks or a car backfiring, sirens and whistles will be heard along the river as part of this effort,� officials wrote in an email to students and workers. �This is being shared to avoid confusion and alarm.�
The work could end sooner than December if plants take hold and start growing along the riverbank, and there likely will be fewer explosions after the first few weeks. The project includes weekly surveys to gauge how the vegetation is growing and whether the noises are scaring geese away.
Workers can�t capture or kill the geese without a permit because the birds are protected under the federal Migratory Bird Treaty Act. But if the new plan doesn�t seem to be working by late summer, leaders of the project will consider applying for permits to capture and kill the geese, Pelc said.
cbinkley@dispatch.com
@cbinkley
Wealthy Democratic Donor Stephen Cloobeck appeared on MSNBC with Stephanie Ruhle. It was an interview that illustrated all that is wrong with the Democratic Party. Many get upset when we illustrate the similarities between the Establishment Democrats and Establishment Republicans. But this Democratic donor is exhibit 1.
Wealthy Democratic Donor Stephen Cloobeck Threatens Party
"When Democrats continue to say, 'Down with the billionaires. We can't stand the rich,' said Stephanie Ruhle. "A lot of people want to be rich. So is it the right message that Democrats are going with?"
"It's so effing wrong," said Stephen Cloobeck. "I've talked to Schumer. I've talked to Wyden. I've talked to Pelosi. And I said if you use the term billionaires again, I'm done. Because it's aspirational. I didn't start with anything. Just penalize everyone that's done well? We all want to do well. And we should be the party of doing well. We should be a party, of business and leadership. And it is very very disturbing when I hear the millionaire or billionaire word. And I told them to stop it. Knock it off."
"Then are you worried that the Democratic Party is going too far to the left?" Ruhle asked.
"So much so it drives me nuts, Cloobeck responded. "So much so it would make me quit the party. And I've made it very clear I'll cut your money off. And others will do the same."
"Right now there is an opportunity," Ruhle said. "If Democrats lose for example in the state of Virginia. If that isn't a wake-up call, that the Democratic leadership needs to get together and say we've got to find a middle ground, because if the Democrats continue to go far to the left, you've got that whole group in the center that just aren't going to go the way of Elizabeth Warren or Bernie Sanders. And then you're gonna fracture the party even more."
"It's fractured," Cloobeck replied. "It's broken. We need a new brand. It needs to be simple. Keep it simple -- tax reform. Keep it simple, -- infrastructure, no bumps in the road. What more do we have to say? They need to have a new brand created."
"Are we going to see Democrats pull it together and vote together?" Ruhle asked. "A lot of Bernie supporters did not turn and vote for Hillary. They just didn't vote at all.
"I know and I can tell you that if we go far left, I'm out," Cloobeck said. I'm out. We need middle-ground."
"So when you tell the Democratic leadership this when you meet with Wyden and Pelosi and Schumer," Ruhle asked. "What did they say to you?"
"Well," Cloobeck responded. "So far they've given me great signals that they're willing to participate and get there. We shall see."
Watch the entire segment here.
Kind people have stigmergically translated this article into German, French, and Spanish.
This article is part of a series now incorporated into : ‘Binding Chaos'.
Stigmergy is a mechanism of indirect coordination between agents or actions. The principle is that the trace left in the environment by an action stimulates the performance of a next action, by the same or a different agent. In that way, subsequent actions tend to reinforce and build on each other, leading to the spontaneous emergence of coherent, apparently systematic activity. Stigmergy is a form of self-organization. It produces complex, seemingly intelligent structures, without need for any planning, control, or even direct communication between the agents. – Wikipedia
A personality based system can never allow for mass collaboration on a global scale without representation such as that seen in organizations like the United Nations. If the world is to move away from representation and allow all voices to be heard, we need to find methods of collaboration which work with idea and action based systems. Concentric user groups with epistemic communities and knowledge bridges may work for idea based systems; for action, stigmergy may be the best option.
Currently, the typical response to a situation which requires an action is to create a noun, in the form of a committee, commission, organization, corporation, ngo, government body, etc. Far too often, the action never appears at all as the focus is always on the organization and the personalities involved instead.
Most systems are now run by competitive organizations. Competition creates redundancy, is slow and wastes resources on idea protection, advertisement, and more. Competition also requires secrecy which blocks progress and auditing and causes lost opportunities and ideas. Patents and copyrights further limit speed and the potential for mass input of ideas. Collaboration between the people with the greatest expertise does not happen unless they are hired by the same project.
The alternative to competition has traditionally been cooperation. This is most effective only in groups of two to eight people. For groups larger than 25, cooperation is agonizingly slow, an exercise in personality management which quickly degenerates into endless discussion and soothing of ruffled feathers, is extremely vulnerable to agent provocateurs, and in large scale groups very seldom accomplishes anything of value. Cooperation traditionally operates on the democratic principle that all voices are equal, so it does not allow for leaders, or users with greater expertise, energy or understanding to have greater influence than those on the periphery. Cooperation wastes a great deal of time and resources in both discussing and discussing the discussions. In an action based system, this discussion is rarely required as the opinion of those not doing the work is probably of little value unless it is solicited advice from a trusted knowledgeable party.
Cooperation and consensus based systems are usually dominated by extroverted personalities who make decisions to control the work of others and are justly resented by those doing the actual work. Most workers do not enjoy a hierarchical system as shown in the chart below, as they lose autonomy, mastery and creative control over their own work; the feeling at the bottom is no different whether there is a horizontal or a hierarchical structure making the decisions. Cooperative systems frequently use consensus or votes to make decisions for the entire group; these methods may not produce the best results as many people may not understand the work if they are not actually doing it, and they may demand things they would never be willing to do themselves. Consensus based systems are also prone to the ‘hive mind' appropriation of credit for individual ideas and labour which causes further resentment.
Hierarchical System
Consensus Hierarchy
In the Stigmergy chart below, all workers have full autonomy to create as they wish; the power of the user group is in the ability to accept or reject the work. Since there is no officially designated person to perform a task the users are free to create alternatives if they do not like what they are offered. Workers are free to create regardless of acceptance or rejection; in the chart below some work may be accepted by the largest group, some alternatives for a different user group, some only by a small group, and sometimes the worker will be alone with their vision. In all cases the worker is still free to create as they wish. History has shown no drastically innovative ideas that received instant mainstream acceptance and history also shows that radically new ideas are most often the result of solitary vision; to leave control of work to group consensus only is to cripple innovation.
Stigmergy
In a competitive environment, a new idea is jealously guarded, legally protected and shrouded in secrecy. Great effort is expended in finding supporters for the idea while also ensuring that the idea remains covered by legal protections such as non-disclosure agreements. The idea remains inextricably bound to the creator until it is legally transferred to another owner and all contributors work for the owner, not the idea. Contributors must then be rewarded by the owner which further limits the potential for development and wastes more resources in legal agreements, lawsuits, etc. Contributors have no interest in whether the project succeeds or fails and no motivation to contribute more than they are rewarded for.
If the idea is instead developed cooperatively, it must first be pitched by the originator, who will attempt to persuade a group to adopt the idea. The group must be in agreement with the idea itself and with every stage of its development. The majority of energy and resources are spent on communication, persuasion, and personality management, and the working environment is fraught with arguments and power struggles. Because the project is driven by a group, albeit a cooperative one, the group is still competitive with other similar outside projects, and still wastes resources and energy on secrecy, competitive evangelizing, etc. Both competitive and cooperative projects will die if the group that runs the project leaves and both will attract or repel contributors based on the personalities of the existing group. Both are hierarchical systems where individuals need to seek permission to contribute. Both focus on the authority of personalities to approve a decision instead of focusing on the idea or action itself.
Stigmergy is neither competitive nor traditionally collaborative.
With stigmergy, an initial idea is freely given, and the project is driven by the idea, not by a personality or group of personalities. No individual needs permission (competitive) or consensus (cooperative) to propose an idea or initiate a project. There is no need to discuss or vote on the idea, if an idea is exciting or necessary it will attract interest. The interest attracted will be from people actively involved in the system and willing to put effort into carrying the project further, not empty votes from people with little interest or involvement. Since the project is supported or rejected based on contributed effort, not empty votes, input from people with more commitment to the idea will have greater weight. Stigmergy also puts individuals in control over their own work, they do not need group permission to tell them what system to work on or what part to contribute.
The person with the initial idea may or may not carry the task further. Evangelizing the idea is voluntary, by a group that is excited by the idea; they may or may not be the ones to carry it out. It is unnecessary to seek start up funding and supporters; if an idea is good it will receive the support required. (In practice, that is not true yet, as few people have the free time to put into volunteer projects because most are tied to compulsory work under the existing financial system. Additionally, we still live in a personality driven system where only powerful personalities are heard.) Secrecy and competition is unnecessary because once an idea is given, it and all new development belongs to anyone who chooses to work on it. Anyone can submit work for approval, the idea cannot die or be put on hold by personalities; acceptance or rejection is for the work contributed, not the person contributing it. All ideas are accepted or rejected based on the needs of the system.
Responsibility and rights for the system rest with the entire user group, not just the creators. There is no need for people to leave the system based on personality conflicts as there is no need for communication outside of task completion and there are usually plenty of jobs with complete autonomy. As no one owns the system, there is no need for a competing group to be started to change ownership to a different group.
Stigmergy provides little scope for agent provocateurs as only the needs of the system are considered. Anyone working against the system's functionality is much easier to see and prevent than someone blocking progress with endless discussion and creation of personality conflicts. Because the system is owned by all, there is also no one leader to target.
Nodes
As work progresses and core team and members grow, more interested and dedicated personalities emerge which begin to steer direction. Specialties are formed around the core team's interests as the core team produces the most work and the work most valued by the rest of the user group. Systems beyond a certain level of complexity begin to lack coherence as the group's energy and focus moves from broad to narrow, following the interests of the core team and the availability of resources; parts of the original system may be left undone.
As more members are added, more will experience frustration at limited usefulness or autonomy. Some of these members will have an interest in the work left undone and they will create a new node of like minded members and new people to take care of the undone work. Alternatively, casual users and observers of the system, who lack the desire or expertise to be a more active part of the original system, will see a different need created and start a new node. Rather than the traditional corporate model of endless acquisition and expansion, stigmergy encourages splintering into different nodes. Because each individual is responsible only for their own work, and no one can direct a group of workers, expansion means more work for the individual, a self limiting prospect. As a system grows, the additional work requires either additional resources or splintering; as communication is easier and there is more autonomy in smaller groups, splintering is the more likely outcome of growth.
Communication between nodes of a system is on an as needed basis. Transparency allows information to travel freely between the various nodes, but a formal relationship or communication method is neither necessary nor desirable. Information sharing is driven by the information, not personal relationships. If data is relevant to several nodes it will be immediately transmitted to all, no formal meetings between official personalities are necessary.
Any node can disappear without affecting the network, and the remaining necessary functionality of that node can be taken up by others. Nodes which find they are performing the same tasks will likely join, or one will be rendered obsolete by lack of use. New nodes are only created to fulfill a new need or provide greater functionality; it is inefficient to have the same task performed twice, and that only occurs if a second group discovers an alternative method that the first group is unwilling to adopt. In that case, the best system will win the most support from the user group, the other will die or remain as a valued alternative. Any user can contribute to the node which best matches their interests and abilities, or contribute to multiple nodes.
The future
A new system of governance or collaboration that does not follow a competitive hierarchical model will need to employ stigmergy in most of its action based systems. It is neither reasonable nor desirable for individual thought and action to be subjugated to group consensus in matters which do not affect the group, and it is frankly impossible to accomplish complex tasks if every decision must be presented for approval; that is the biggest weakness of the hierarchical model. The incredible success of so many internet projects are the result of stigmergy, not cooperation, and it is stigmergy that will help us build quickly, efficiently and produce results far better than any of us can foresee at the outset.
Just like the zombie apocalypse, the NFL lockout is a very real threat to our livelihood as sports fans. But unlike the zombie apocalypse, we will actually know the exact date of the lockout and can begin to prepare. We must stockpile weapons (learn new hobbies during the fall and winter months), gather rations (get to learn other sports), and avoid infection (symptoms include mindless surfing of CBS and FOX on Sunday mornings). Raising awareness is the first step to surviving the NFL lockout, which is why I have created a handy guide on how to stay clean and how to spot an infected fan.
How Long Can We Expect to Survive?
No matter how strong you are, ultimately everyone will succumb to the NFL lockout. Some of us may last longer than others, but by the end of the season, the infection rate will be 100%. The weakest fans will fall first and in all honesty, there might even be some among you who have been infected. The average fan will feel the first stings of the lockout by week two of the NFL season. Once infected, the epidemic will spread worldwide.
What are Symptoms to Watch Out For?
How can you know if a friend or family member is infected? One of the first signs is mindless channel surfing on Sunday mornings. Usually this time is spent watching football, with interest and happiness on the faces of fans. An infected fan, however, will have a dazed look on their face, won't know what to do with their time, and might make some guttural noises from time to time. If you suspect that a family member is infected, steer clear – the antivirus has yet to be invented.
How Can I Increase My Chance of Survival?
You can't. No matter how big or small of an NFL fan you are, Judgment Day is coming on Super Bowl Sunday which is the day that scientists estimate that the population will reach 100% infection. If you want to stave off the infection of the NFL lockout, you can try watching other sports. MLB Baseball should get you through October at which time the NBA season will kick off meaning you might have a chance of making it through the winter. The moment you start watching the CFL or the Arena Football League, your chances of survival are over.
What Do I Do Once Infected?
This is a pointless section for someone who is actually infected, since their brains will be too far gone to comprehend what is actually happening. My only hope is that the non-infected can use this to study the behavioral patterns of the diseased and perhaps keep their brains from turning to mush for a little longer. Infected fans will make rash decisions, maybe inviting you to join a fantasy league for a sport you've never heard of…They pretty much just want to eat your brain though. The infected tend to hang out in large groups, usually at sports bars or around big screen TV's. They tend to stay indoors, so being outside and active is your best chance to avoid infection. While their sports brains may be inactive, their other senses are heightened. They respond quickly to the sound of chips being dumped in a bowl or hot wings being drenched in buffalo sauce in hopes that an NFL game might be near. Unless you are safely sheltered, avoid these customary NFL Game Day foods.
The odds of surviving the NFL lockout are so low, however, that you might just be better off getting infected as soon as possible. Nobody wants to live in a world without football.
Media playback is not supported on this device Kean welcomes Ferguson support
Steve Kean says he has been boosted by messages of support from fellow Premier League managers.
Kean, whose Blackburn side are five points from safety, revealed he had had a "good chat" with Sir Alex Ferguson.
"What was said I would rather keep private but it was very encouraging," said Kean.
"For him to take the time out to phone me and give me a message of support shows the stature of the man. I was really impressed."
I wouldn't like to mention any names because we've done that before... we'd rather do our business quietly and under the radar Steve Kean
Kean, who said he had also received supportive messages from the likes of Harry Redknapp, David Moyes and Alan Pardew, acknowledged Ferguson would not be so charitable when Blackburn travelled to second-placed Manchester United on Saturday.
"It's going to be a tough game," said Kean, whose team were buoyed by a 1-1 draw at Liverpool last time out. "They are scoring goals and not conceding too many, so we know it's going to be a tough task.
"But we have got to take confidence from what we've done in our last game at Anfield. We're going to have to at least give what we gave at Anfield - and more."
Kean is having to cope with a long injury list and admitted there was "a need to strengthen" his squad in the January transfer window.
"Anybody can look at the squad list and see how many defenders we have got injured," he said. "We certainly need to get some bodies in."
Despite Rovers posting an annual loss of £18.3m this week, increasing the club's overall debt to £26.3m, Kean said there will be talks with the club's owners, the Venky's, over a potential budget for January.
BLACKBURN'S PREMIER LEAGUE RECORD UNDER STEVE KEAN Played: 39
Won: 6
Drawn: 12
Lost: 21
Points: 30
"I am very optimistic we will get funds," said the Scot. "The financial side of the club is dealt with by the financial directors and the people that crunch the numbers.
"Hopefully they can come back in the next few days and say that we can be active at a good level."
Kean acknowledged that the club's very open approach in past transfer dealings may have been wrong.
"I wouldn't like to mention any names because we've done that before in previous windows," he said.
"Then it doesn't happen and it ends up just putting pressure on ourselves, so we'd rather do our business quietly and under the radar.
"We were never leading the fans along but, in hindsight, maybe now we will just not mention anybody and when fans see somebody arriving then they will be happy with that."
New Delhi: Indian Mujahideen terrorist Yasin Bhatkal on Tuesday approached a Delhi court seeking direction to the superintendent of the Tihar jail in the capital not to keep him in solitary confinement.
Bhatkal, who was recently awarded death penalty in the 2013 Hyderabad blast case, moved an application before the court saying that in view of the law laid down by the Supreme Court, lodging him in isolation in a separate cell was in violation of articles of the Constitution.
The court has sought a reply from the jail authorities and put up the matter for further hearing on March 7.
Bhatkal's counsel M S Khan also claimed in the application that his solitary confinement amounts to contempt of court.
Bhatkal is at present in judicial in several terror cases, including Dilsukhnagar twin blasts case in which he has been awarded capital punishment by an NIA court.
September 22, 2016, 10:10 am
Quick background: my company privately operates public parks, making our money solely from the entry fees voluntarily paid by visitors and campers. We don't get paid a single dollar of tax money.
A major partner of ours is the US Forest Service (USFS), which actually operates more recreation sites than any other agency in the world (the National Park Service has a higher profile and the Corps of Engineers has more visitors, but the USFS is the most ubiquitous). Despite the USFS being an early pioneer of using private companies to reduce the operating costs of parks and campgrounds, the USFS still has a large number of employees opposed to what we do. The most typical statement I hear from USFS employees that summarizes this opposition -- and it is quite common to hear it -- is that "It is wrong to make a profit on public lands."
It would be hard to understate the passion with which certain USFS employees hold to this belief. I discovered, entirely accidentally through a FOIA request my trade group had submitted to the USFS, that a Forest Supervisor in California (a fairly senior person in the USFS management structure) whom I have never met or even had a conversation with circulated emails through the agency about how evil he thought I was.
This general distaste for profit, which is seen as "dirty" in contrast to wages which are relatively "clean" (at least up to some number beyond which they are dirty again), is not limited to the USFS or even to government agencies in general, but permeates much of the public. As a result, I thought I would describe a conversation I had with a USFS manager (actually this is the merger of two conversations). The conversation below had been going on for a while discussing technical topics, and we will pick it up when the District Ranger makes the statement highlighted above (a District Ranger is the lowest level line officer in the USFS, responsible in some cases for the land management functions of an area the size of a county. I have cleaned up the text (I am sure the sentences would not be as well-formed if I had a transcript) but I think this captures the gist of it:
Ranger: I think it's wrong that you make a profit on public lands
Me: So you work for free?
Ranger: Huh?
Me: If you think it's wrong to make money on public lands, I assume you must volunteer, else you too would be making money on public lands
Ranger: No, of course I get paid.
Me: Well, I know what I make for profit in your District, and I have a good guess what your salary probably is, and I can assure you that you make at least twice as much as me on these public lands.
Ranger: But that is totally different.
Me: How?
At this point I need to help the Ranger out. He struggled to put his thoughts on this into words. I will summarize it in the nicest possible way by saying he thought that while his wage was honorable, my profit was dishonorable, or perhaps more accurately, that his wage paid by the government was consistent with the spirit of the public lands whereas my profit was not consistent
Me: I'm not sure why. My profit is similar to your wage in that it is the way I get paid for my effort on this land -- efforts that are generally entirely in harmony with yours as we are both trying to serve visitors and protect the natural resources here. But unlike your wage, my profit is also a return on the investment I have made. Every truck, uniform, and tool we use comes out of my profit, whereas you get all the tools you need paid for by your employer above and beyond your salary. Further, your salary is virtually guaranteed to you, short of some staggering malfeasance. Even if you do a bad job you likely would just get shunted to a less interesting staff position at the same salary, rather than fired. On the other hand if I do a bad job, or if one of my employees slips up, or even if some absolutely random occurrence entirely outside my control occurs (like, say, a flood that closes our operations) my profit can completely evaporate, or even turn into a loss. So like you, I get paid for my efforts here on public lands, but I have to take risk and make investments that aren't required of you. So what about that makes my profit less honorable than your wage?
Ranger: Working on public lands should be a public service, not for profit
Me: Well, I think you are starting to make the argument again that you should be volunteering and not taking a salary. But leaving that aside, why is profit inconsistent with service to the public? My company serves over 2 million visitors a year, and 99.9% give us the highest marks for our service. And for the few that don't, and complain about a bad experience, every one of those complaints comes to my desk and I personally investigate them. Do you do the same?
Why do I make such an effort? Part of it is pride, but part is because I understand that my margins are so narrow, if even 5% of those visitors don't come back next year -- because they had a bad time or they saw a bad review online -- I will make no money. Those 2 million people vote with their feet every year on whether they think I am adequately serving the public, and their votes directly affect how much money I make. Do you have that sort of accountability for your public service?
Postscript: Interestingly, though perhaps not surprisingly, the government ranger did not bring up what I would consider the most hard-hitting challenge: How do we know your profits are not just the rents from a corrupt, cronyist government contracting process. Two things let me sleep well at night on this question. The first is that I know what lobbying I do and political connections I have (zero on both) so I am fully confident I can't be benefiting from cronyism in the competitive bid process for these concession contracts. Of course, you don't know that and if our positions were reversed, I am pretty sure I would be skeptical of you.
So the other fact I have in my favor, which is provable to all, is that the recreation areas we operate are run with far lower costs and a demonstrably higher level of service than the vast majority of recreation areas run by the government itself. So while I can't prove I didn't pull some insider connections to get the work, I can prove the public is far better off with the operation of these parks in private hands.
Tyler, The Creator‘s set to release his new album Flower Boy on July 21st, but thanks to an unfortunate album leak today, people are digging into the album prematurely. There's a song on the album titled “Garden Shed”, it features Estelle and the song shares lyrics that confirm Tyler is gay.
The second verse of ‘Garden Shed' is almost entirely about Tyler coming out of the closet. You can read the verse below:
Ayo
Garden shed, garden shed, garden shed, garden shed
For the garden
That is what I was hiding
That is what love I was I in
Ain't no reason to pretend
Garden shed, garden shed, garden shed
Garden shed for the garcons
Them feelings I was guarding
Heavy on my mind
All my friends lost
They couldn't read the signs
I didn't wanna talk and tell em' my location
And they ain't wanna walk
Truth is, since you kid, thought it was a phase
Thought it would be like the Frank poof, gone
But, it's still going on
Big fan of the base 10
Polk a dot nose how it goes
Had to keep it on the subwoofer
A couple butterflies when I float
I was always like ehhh
Barely interested, but I went to my boys like bruh
This is a crucial subject matter
Sensitive like cooking batter
‘Till the temperature that's rising
Stepping on that ladder
Tryna grab the rings of Saturn
I'm a plant it by the time you hear this
Chittin' chatter bout to heat it
It will not fucking matter
On ‘I Ain't Got Time' Tyler also says on ‘I Ain't Got Time' that he's been “…kissing white boys since 2004”.
Although Tyler has had some extremely homophobic content in the past, he always seemed to sprinkle sorts of homosexual undertones in past interviews and music. At the end of the day, congrats to Tyler for feeling comfortable coming out. Despite the leak, you can still pre-order the album.
Ziad Abu Ein was born in 1959 and spent more than a decade behind bars over a series of arrests. He first became a political prisoner when he was arrested by Israeli authorities aged 18 years old in 1977. Two years later, Abu Ein was arrested in the United States after a hot pursuit by the Israeli intelligence service Mossad, and the CIA, who accused him of taking part in armed operations that had killed and injured tens of Israelis.
He spent three years in a Chicago prison, before becoming the first Palestinian prisoner to be extradited by the US to Israel. The decision triggered worldwide protests aimed at stopping the extradition, and Abu Ein himself began a hunger strike, but was unsuccessful in remaining in the US.
Once in Israel, the authorities sentenced him to life in prison. Abu Ein was part of a prisoner exchange deal in 1983, but he was re-arrested by Israeli intelligence from Ben Gurion Airport in Tel Aviv, where he was due to be deported to Algeria via Egypt.
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) strongly condemned Israel's action, but failed to convince President Yitzhak Shamir to release Abu Ein. Shamir responded by saying that there are no ethics between Israel and "terrorists". Frustrated by his comments, the ICRC appealed to the Human Rights Council in Geneva, where international consensus - with the exception of the US and Israel - saw a resolution for Abu Ein's immediate release passed.
He was not released, however, until two years later in 1985, when Abu Ein finally got out of prison as a result of another prisoner deal exchange. Initially, he was on the list of 36 names prevented from being released. A few months later, he was arrested for the third time under administrative detention, a form of internment subjected to indefinite renewal without any charges brought against the detainee.
Before the outbreak of the first intifada, Abu Ein appeared regularly on Israeli television talk shows to discuss politics. He was also involved in direct talks with Israeli officials on a project that would result in a strategic solution with Israel in the absence of a Palestinian state.
Abu Ein occupied a number of governmental positions following the formation of the Palestinian Authority (PA) in the wake of the 1993 signing of the Oslo Accords. He was the Deputy Minister of Prisoners' Affairs from 2003, as well as a member of the Fateh Revolutionary Council.
During the second intifada, in 2002, Abu Ein was arrested and subjected to administrative detention again. Fateh leader Marwan Barghouti, wanted by Israel, was eventually captured after hiding in Abu Ein's house in Ramallah. Barghouti was sentenced to 5 life sentences.
Abu Ein's relationship with Fateh's rival party Hamas was notorious. He regularly accused Hamas of fabricating information taken from Israeli sources, and on more than one occasion engaged in shouting matches with representatives of Hamas on television.
In September 2014, PA President Mahmoud Abbas appointed Abu Ein as the Minister of Wall and Settlement Affairs. The Ministry was established in 2004 to document Israeli practices relating to illegal settlement expansion and ongoing construction of the Separation Wall. The Ministry mobilizes People's Committees to resist using peaceful means in areas and villages whose land is slated for confiscation by Israeli authorities. It also seeks international support and places heavy emphasis on UN resolutions that have ruled on the illegality of settlements.
The Ministry is involved in coordinating and planning non-violent activities on confiscated or land designated to be expropriated by the Israeli government. These activities being together a combination of Palestinian, Israeli and, sometimes, international media attention to the hotspot. Israeli forces usually respond to these protests with tear gas, rubber bullets and arrests, in order to scatter the protesters.
Since taking up his new ministerial position, Abu Ein has been a regular presence at protests. He was the father of four children, and suffered from diabetes and high blood pressure.
He died today after allegedly being pushed by Israeli border police in the village of Turmus'ayya, west of Ramallah. A large area of the village is slated to be confiscated by Israel, and Abu Ein and other protesters were there to plant trees, in what they described as a symbolic sign of resistance.
The body of Judge Sheila Abdus-Salaam was found on the banks of the Hudson River in New York City this afternoon.
A witness who saw a person floating near the shore of the river reportedly called 911 to alert the NYPD. The NYPD harbor unit recovered the judge's body, and paramedics subsequently pronounced her dead after taking her to a nearby pier.
Sheila Abdus-Salaam is reportedly the first woman of the Muslim faith to serve as a judge on any court in U.S. history.
Abdus-Salaam was appointed as a state appeals court judge in 2013 by New York Governor Andrew Cuomo. She was also the first African-American woman to serve on that state's appellate bench, which is New York's highest court.
The judge's husband contacted authorities on Tuesday morning to file a missing person's report.
“Abdus-Salaam, 65, was discovered floating fully clothed on the Manhattan side of the river just before 2 p.m., by the Henry Hudson Parkway near W. 132nd St. — just a mile from her central Harlem home,” the New York Daily News reported.
null
According to the New York Post, there are no signs of foul play and the judge's tragic passing may be the result of suicide. The medical examiner will determine the official cause of death after law enforcement authorities complete their investigation into the incident.
Tributes to the judge, a 1977 graduate of Columbia Law School where she was ex-Attorney General Eric Holder's classmate, are pouring in on social media and through the conventional news media. A former legal services attorney as well as a government staff lawyer, she served as a judge on the state Supreme Court, which in New York is a lower court, for 20 years prior to the Cuomo appointment four years ago.
null
In a statement of condolence to her family, the governor praised Sheila Abdus-Salaam as a pioneer and a trailblazing jurist, the Daily Mail explained. “Through her writings, her wisdom, and her unshakable moral compass, she was a force for good whose legacy will be felt for years to come. I was proud to appoint her to the state's highest court and am deeply saddened by her passing.”
During her confirmation hearings in the legislature, Judge Abdus-Salaam told state senators that she was inspired to pursue a career in law by watching legal-focused TV dramas such as East Side, West Side and Perry Mason and also by a family friend who was a lawyer, the New York Law Journal recalled. “She told senators she considered one of her strengths her ability to ‘calmly listen to and assess the merits of all sides of an issue' as well as relating to ‘people from all walks of life, incomes and educational backgrounds.'” Judge Abdus-Salaam received a unanimous confirmation vote to the appeals court.
Abdus-Salaam was also inspired during her high school years by meeting civil rights lawyer Frankie Muse Freeman. The future judge described Freeman as “riveting” and that “she was doing what I wanted to do: using the law to help people,” Heavy.com noted.
Chief Judge Janet DiFiore described Abdus-Salaam as beloved by her colleagues on the seven-member appeals court.
In 2016, Judge Abdus-Salaam wrote a landmark decision that allowed a nonbiological parent in a same-sex relationship to go to court to seek visitation rights, a ruling which overturned 25 years of precedent in the Empire State.
“On the court, Judge Abdus-Salaam was among the most reliable and steadfast liberal voices, regularly siding with vulnerable parties — the poor, impoverished immigrants and people with mental illnesses, for instance — against more powerful and established interests,” the New York Times detailed.
The judge grew up in Washington, D.C., as one of seven children in a working-class family. At the time of her nomination to the appeals court, Gov. Cuomo praised her for both her understanding of the issues facing everyday New Yorkers and the complex issues that find their way to the state's top court.
Watch this space for updates on the death of New York Appeals Court Judge Sheila Abdus-Salaam.
[Featured Image by Eo naya/Shutterstock]
Major League Baseball Advanced Media was a tiny startup inside of a huge organization. Now it's not just on the brink of changing the game, but the rest of television with it.
Mark Blinch / Reuters San Francisco Giants players celebrate after winning Game 4 over the Detroit Tigers to clinch the World Series on October 28.
While most tech startups battle for any media attention they can get, this company has been around since 2000 and doesn't seem to care much if the public knows it exists. It doesn't hide from the media, but unlike most companies in its field, it's loathe to self-aggrandize or make big claims about changing the world. The truth, though, is this company may soon be poised to upend the whole television industry. Even more curious, it's a company silently owned by traditional American icons known for their hidebound ways: a bunch of baseball teams. This is Major League Baseball Advanced Media, a tech startup company owned equally by the 30 clubs that comprise the MLB. Glass walls abound in the four sprawling fours of offices, housed in New York City's Chelsea Market, the site of a former Nabisco factory in Manhattan. Banks of cubicles with an army of twentysomething video editors and game loggers prepare highlights and information for MLB's Web properties and apps. A huge, unnecessary metal dome sitting in the middle of one floor seems to serve as a conference room. Despite the baseball artwork on the walls and the company softball trophies in the reception area, there's no mistaking it: This isn't a sports company. This is a tech company. Started by MLB in 2000 to, among little else, run the official websites of the 30 teams, MLBAM has since grown tentacles extending control over various businesses around the sport, such as the news media and ticketing, raising plenty of eyebrows along the way. Its technologies have brought change to the game itself, facilitating the sport's use of video replay and PITCHf/x, the precise computerized strike zone system MLBAM that regularly embarrasses the game's umpires and appears to have the ability to replace them in the sacred act of calling balls and strikes — that is, if a sport so wrapped up in its own traditions could ever take that power away from its historic arbiters in the interest of getting the calls right.
The most impressive part of MLBAM's operation, though, is its giant video streaming control room, which keeps expanding to larger spaces. Technicians in two long rows here monitor a giant video wall of several hundred screens, each one showing a different broadcast MLBAM is streaming. This single room could spell doom for cable, satellite, and broadcast television. During the regular season, in one cluster of screens, you can see the 30 broadcasts of the 30 MLB teams, which MLBAM packages into MLB.tv — viewable by millions in HD online, on TV through connected devices, and on smartphones and iPads. This growing service, around for a decade now, becomes more and more sophisticated than regular cable telecasts each year and comes at a current annual cost to viewers of $85 or $100. It's a natural arrangement. Fans who do not live in the broadcast market of their favorite team would like to watch them play, but the regional sports networks (RSN) that broadcast the games do not appear in cable or satellite channel lineups in their area. MLB.tv pays the RSNs for their broadcast feeds and provides them to viewers. Every game across the country is available to watch, as long as it isn't airing in the viewer's local market. Over the past decade, this simple arrangement has necessitated and allowed MLBAM to build itself into a video-streaming powerhouse. Very quietly, it has come to stream more live video than any other company on the planet, its servers dependably handling the load of tens of millions of viewers watching multiple broadcast feeds at the same time. If the entire country suddenly cancelled their cable and satellite service and switched to MLBAM technology for all of their live TV watching, one gets the sense the company is not far off from being able to handle it. And that, after all, might just be the plan.
A screenshot of MLB.tv
Competing technologies have slowly been eating away at the TV industry. Ratings of broadcast networks trend ever downward as options of things to watch explode — not just on cable, but with online video sources like YouTube and Netflix. DVRs erode the value of television advertising. Consumers have come to expect the ability to view shows and movies when and where they want to, and they see no need to pay for a bunch of channels they don't watch. So why do most people still have cable or satellite plans? According to conventional thinking, it's that it allows them to watch live events. And the vast majority of live events on television are sports. Sports buoy other programming; NBC's recent climb back into first place with younger viewers among the broadcast channels has been credited to strong Olympic and Sunday night football ratings. Broadcast rights contracts have become incredibly lucrative for teams, not just because airing games is the raison d'être of RSNs (which can be the highest-rated channels in their market, but are so entirely built around having game broadcasts that they quickly die off if they lose their contracts), but because live sports' exclusivity is helping prop up the old cable and satellite model as a whole in the age of things like MLB.tv. Most RSNs are owned by cable and satellite companies, like News Corporation, Comcast, Time Warner, Cablevision, and DirecTV, and to keep the mighty coaxial cable on top in this era of competing technologies, they've been incentivized to give teams just about anything to lock down exclusive broadcast rights. The value of MLB franchises have climbed right in step with the skyrocketing prices RSNs are now paying to teams lucky enough to see their broadcast rights expire in this period. Despite years of poor ownership, this year the Los Angeles Dodgers sold for $2 billion, a record sale for a sports franchise, largely based on speculation of what they would bag in an upcoming TV contract. Media reports have said their next contract will be worth billions. In March, it was going to be worth “up to $4 billion.” Months later, media estimates topped $8.5 million. Teams with expiring rights are becoming incredibly rich, earning multiple what they were making from their previous contract. New deals for the Los Angeles Angels and Texas Rangers have netted them $2.5 billion and $3 billion, respectively. Despite struggling mightily on the field in recent years, even the Houston Astros got $3.2 billion in their deal. At the same time, teams are being handed equity stakes in the RSNs — 45% for the Astros, 10% for the Rangers, 25% for the Angels, and 20% for the Padres.
RSNs are conceding so much money because they're desperate to lock up live sports for as long as possible. Rights deals are now measured in decades — 20 years each for the Padres, Rangers, and Astros. It's TV trying to stave off change. Live event broadcasting is the last territory they're holding onto. And that is being jeopardized by the vague threat on the horizon of an alternative model, something very much like a rights-exclusive MLB.tv. If enough viewers become comfortable streaming from the Internet as an alternative to cable and satellite, MLBAM has created the technology to cut out the cable networks entirely and sell its own game broadcasts directly to the fans. MLBAM downplays this, but it's clear the company is sitting on a fence overlooking an even bigger cash cow than these RSN deals offer, or even what has been possible for teams that have been successful in starting their own TV networks. Cable operators aren't happy about the impending conflict, but besides throwing money at teams to try to legally bind them to long contracts, there does not seem to be much they can do about it. But back to that big room in MLBAM headquarters—the MLB.tv feeds are just one small cluster on the video wall; MLBAM streams much more than baseball. Another cluster is ESPN3, ESPN's popular online service that streams all of its live sports broadcasts, many of which don't appear on any given fan's television (but require a cable subscription to access). Playing in another cluster is GBTV, Glenn Beck's online video service. In one corner of the wall are television channels MLBAM streams to Southwest Airlines flights. MLBAM is the provider for all of these streaming services. Those NCAA tournament basketball games tens of millions of Americans watch on their computers at work? MLBAM does those too. MLBAM apparently can and will stream anything live online, and can scale up appropriately to do so. The only thing they do not do is openly take credit for any of these white-label streaming services. “We're not interested in being recognized for it,” vice president of communications Matthew Gould told me. But why is your local baseball team funding the technology to host Glenn Beck's Web shows and the TV broadcasts you watch on your next flight? “We do it because people watching live video, real high-quality, high-definition video on the Internet — the more people that do it, the better it is for the whole ecosystem,” Gould said. “We have a little bit more of a longer-tail view on it.” In other words, they're trying to get TV viewers comfortable streaming things live from the Internet. Just like baseball, it's a long, meticulous game.
Quickly after forming, MLBAM put online feeds of radio broadcasts of games behind a paywall. Fans of the free feeds balked, but in the grand scheme of the Internet, MLBAM got the paywall in early and habituated people to paying for access to broadcasts. When the technology became available to stream TV broadcasts, the model was in place. Over the past decade, they have gotten baseball fans used to streaming games and had great success vigilantly putting down illegal streams. Now, Gould and his company just need that long tail to end in one big rattle: consumers' TVs getting connected to the Internet. When team owners considered taking MLBAM public seven years ago, the value of its IPO was rumored to have been placed at $2.5 billion or about $3 billion today after inflation, equal to three Instagrams. Five years ago, it was valued at double that figure. Today, it's likely much more valuable, taking in over half a billion in annual revenues. But the teams and their owners aren't selling. MLBAM is the king of live streaming, and at the end of that long tail, if streaming leaves cable and satellite in the dust, they could be the king of all live broadcast media. Forget baseball. MLBAM's streaming technology could be the service provider for everything you watch live. Suddenly the real value of the Tampa Bay Rays isn't in trying to attract fans to watch a scrappy team play baseball, it's in the 1/30th equity they have in that little tech startup they invested in to put box scores up on their website. Baseball is America's oldest professional sport and the one most closely tied to the nation's identity. It relishes its history and seeming anachronisms. When the world of sports changes, baseball changes last. MLBAM's commissioner, Bud Selig, is 78. He doesn't use a computer or own a smartphone, and there is decidedly no topic about which he could do a TED Talk. Yet this is the man to whom MLBAM president and CEO Bob Bowman reports. Somehow baseball spawned a smart, lucrative, and incredibly promising tech company. Right now, if you're a MLB.tv subscriber in the U.S., you couldn't view the very pinnacle of the sport's season that occurred last week, the World Series. Fox broadcast it nationally on television and exercised its contract rights to force you to watch it on television. But the World Series is older than TV, and the World Series will be around long after TV is gone. Someday soon, baseball itself may broadcast it to you, simultaneously with every other live event going on in the world. And maybe then, at long last, MLBAM will stop being so coy.
Two months after being rocked by sexual assault controversies, Fantastic Fest has selected Kristen Bell (chair), Elijah Wood, Kier-la Janisse, Peter Kuplowsky, and Suki-Rose Simakis as board members, it announced Thursday.
“The board of directors' goal is to further enhance and refine the experience of the festival and to provide the best, most open and inclusive environment for our family of film-loving fanatics,” the board said. “The first meeting is under our belts and we will be in touch soon with some of the steps the festival will be taking in response to the survey and festival feedback we have received as we plan out the 2018 edition.”
“As part of our first year's strategic plan we will be working together to identify additional board members to diversify and bolster the board even further to meet the goals of our growth mission,” the board also said. “We appreciate your patience as we sift through all the comments and work within this new infrastructure.”
The Austin-based festival, operated by Alamo Drafthouse, was hit by negative publicity in the days prior to its Sept. 21 start after it was revealed that Devin Faraci had been rehired by the company — despite having stepped down last year as editor-in-chief of the Drafthouse's Birth.Movies.Death website following sexual assault allegations. Faraci stepped down for a second time on Sept. 13.
Related 'Cosmos' Season 2 to Miss March Premiere Date as Neil deGrasse Tyson Investigation Continues BAFTA-Nominated Director Stephen Fingleton Acquitted of Sexual Assault Charge
Two days later, Fox Searchlight withdrew “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri” from the Fantastic Fest lineup, citing “recent events” without elaborating. Ain't It Cool News editor and festival co-founder Harry Knowles subsequently pulled out of the festival, a step that was followed by multiple allegations of sexual assault and harassment against Knowles. The blogger then announced a leave of absence from AICN on Sept. 26.
Bell is not related to the actress of the same name. She issued a statement Thursday asserting that she is seeking a “more inclusive” festival but did not mention the sexual assault controversies. She has been a part of the Alamo Drafthouse team since 2003 and Fantastic Fest since its inception in 2005. She has been director of the festival since 2007 and currently has the titles of senior project manager and executive director.
“Developing a Board of Directors for Fantastic Fest has been a longtime goal of mine and I'm incredibly excited to see it realized,” she said. “Moreover, I am honored and humbled to have such an esteemed and accomplished group of folks join me in embracing this opportunity to grow and change the festival with their unique perspectives, ideas and experiences. Our shared passion for incredible genre cinema and our collective dedication to building an even more awesome, more inclusive Fantastic Fest will lead the way as we set our sights on the future.”
CORRECTION: This story previously had a photo of the incorrect Kristen Bell.
Page 1 of 11
Virtual machines storage performance is a hot topic – after all, one of the main problem when virtualizing many OS instances is to correctly size the I/O subsystem, both in terms of space and speed.
Of course performance is not the only thing to consider: another big role is played by flexibility and ease to use/configure. So the perfect storage subsystem is the right compromise between performance, flexibility and ease to use.
In a somewhat ironic manner, of the three requisites written above, performance is the most difficult thing to measure, as“I/O speed” is an ephemeral concept. It is impossible to speak about I/O performance without taking into account three main parameters: I/O block size, I/O per seconds (IOPS) and queue depth (the number of outstanding, concurrent block requests). This represents the first problem to correctly size your disk subsystem: you had to guess about the expected access pattern, and you better guess right.
Another pitfall is how to provision (allocate) space inside the configured storage subsystem: it is better to use Fat or Thin provisioning? What are the performance implications?
At the same time, flexibility and ease to use are easy things to sell: I often read of how modern, CoW filesystems as BTRFS and ZFS have plenty of features and of how many peoples recommend using them for performance-sensitive tasks as virtual machines storage.
Sure BTRFS and ZFS have a host of slick features, but are they really suited for storing “live” virtual machines data, or our beloved legacy filesystems as EXT4 and XFS are better suited for this task? Or what about going a layer down, directly playing with Logical Volumes?
I'll try to answer these questions. Anyway, please keep in mind that the result of any benchmark is of relative values – I don't pretend to elect the uber-mega-super-duper I/O configuration. I only hope to help you to select the right tool for the right job.
Latest articles:
The results touch on nearly every world region and hold true for both periods of extreme warming and cooling. Even the collapse of the Mayan civilization and major dynastic transitions in ancient China were preceded by drought and extreme weather. During the Little Ice Age, which started at around 1550, European countries were much more likely to go to war with each other.
Solomon Hsiang, a public policy professor at Princeton and one of the study's lead authors, told me that while his team did discover that conflict and climate change are related, they still don't know why it is that temperature change makes us so belligerent. And, more importantly, they aren't saying climate change is the only or even primary cause of violence.
"We're in the position medical researchers were in in the 1930s," he told me. "Smoking was the clear proximate cause of lung cancer, but it wasn't until decades later that we understood how that was linked."
They do offer a few theories, though. Climate change causes migration, and as big populations move, they might confront existing residents in a battle for resources and land. It can also alter physical environments in a way that predisposes people to confrontation, or -- particularly in earlier eras -- might have caused people to wrongly attribute environmental conditions to the actions of their enemies. Other studies have shown that hot temperatures make us more hostile psychologically.
Changes in the environment can also cause labor productivity to decline, which is what happened with our earlier example of civil war in the tropics: There's less farm work during a drought, so there are more unemployed people. So if you're looking to build an army and overthrow a government, it's easier to do it when there are a lot of idle, would-be farmworkers around, complete with pitchforks.
Some unrelated studies have shown that armed conflict has globally declined over the past 50 years or so, even though the world has been warming the entire time. Hsiang pointed out that it's important to remember that he's looking at what would have happened had there been no climate change during those decades -- and the answer, he says, is that rates of conflict would have fallen even faster.
"By focusing only on one country at a time, all we are doing is comparing a country to itself as the population is responding to changes in its environment," he said.
So what does this say about the present day? This is one of the few studies that points to climate change's likely impact on human society, as opposed to things like melting ice caps and rising sea levels, but it also helps us think about how much we want to spend to mitigate global warming. If we add "less peace" to all of global warming's already horrific environmental impacts, it might change our calculus significantly.
The career of Stephen Strasburg has been a unique path of bumps, plateaus, and peaks, with the first three months of the 2015 season bringing the journey to its nadir. Before being sent to the DL following his May 29th start, Strasburg featured an ERA of 6.55, paired with a 1.72 WHIP and a strikeout rate of 20.7% – the worst of his career. Many hoped that his time off the field recovering from a left trapezius strain would help Strasburg clear his head and reclaim his seat among the elite. He returned to the hill on Tuesday and I watched hoping to see a reborn ace. Here is Stephen Strasburg's GIF Breakdown of his June 23rd start against the Atlanta Braves in 11 HD GIFs.
As always, let's first look at his strikezone plot for the evening:
The first thing that will pop out is the amount of lone yellow at the bottom of the strikezone with black spots exclusively featured in the middle or top of the zone. It's good to see Strasburg keeping his Curveball low, preventing a hanger that can be hit a long way, but he clearly struggled to get on top of both his Fastball and Changeup, keeping the ball elevated and limiting sink. The heart of the plate features a bloated tally of pitches, most likely due to Strasburg's goal of attacking batters and getting acclimated to the stage as opposed to making an effort to locate effectively. Nevertheless, this wasn't vintage Strasburg out of the gate, and hopefully he can perform better as he gets back into the groove.
Now let's take a look at each of his pitches individually across the evening:
Fastball: 63.9% thrown, 94.8 MPH, -5.4 Runs Above Average
As previously mentioned, Strasburg clearly was not focusing on location, and grooved a good amount of Fastballs, just like the second pitch of the game to Jace Peterson:
The vibe of the outing was that Strasburg was feeling his way back the game after only one rehab start following his May 29th game. He wasn't trying to do too much, but it came at the cost of consistent command and nibbling around the corners. That doesn't mean that he didn't make some great pitches with his Fastball, though. In his second batter, he threw both of these pitches back-to-back to Cameron Maybin:
You may need a few cycles before you can understand there are two pitches in that GIF, both around 97 MPH and on the outside black. They were two of the best Fastballs of the night and got him ahead 0-2 quickly. However, there is a problem here. Without much movement on the pitch and consistently targeting away against Right-handers, these pitches turn into this:
What seems to be a solid pitch is poked the other way for a single by a poor hitter in Chris Johnson. Yankee pitcher Nathan Eovaldi suffers from the same problem as pitches often get slapped to right field for hits despite blazing speed and good locations. The problem is two-fold: Strasburg lacks dramatic movement on his Fastball, making it easier to square up and drive as the ball travels deeper to the plate, and doesn't favor his secondary pitches enough to create uncomfortable at-bats. As we'll discuss, Strasburg didn't throw a single Changeup to a right-handed batter and rarely targeted the inside corner, making it easier on batters to lock-in on a Fastball and have confidence in the at-bat.
But let's not lose sight of the fact that he can at times blow it by guys with solid run. Here's a great example of using his heat correctly against left-hander Jace Peterson:
So he has the tools to be effective with the pitch, but still has strides to make with location and faith in his secondary pitches to make his Fastball more deceptive. This will be one of the first elements of Strasburg's game I will being paying attention to in his next start.
Curveball: 18.5% thrown, 80.8 MPH, -4.4 Runs Above Average
What has made Strasburg so deadly in the past was his ability to throw Curveballs whenever he wanted and exactly where he wanted them. While his command wasn't poor, Strasburg gravitated away from using his biting hook when he needed to make a solid pitch. Instead, he favored to use it in 0-1 counts to make batters quickly fall to 0-2. In fact, all four of these GIFs are 0-1 pitches, perfectly exhibiting his mental approach with his Curve. These two fell perfectly to the bottom of the zone for strikes:
This hook to Juan Uribe induced a weak groundball to short for an out:
And this bender was tugged down and away for ball one:
What you'll notice is that none of these pitches were swings-and-misses. He threw 19 across the evening and not a single one induced a whiff. Looking at the numbers, his Curveball generated a solid 14.9% whiff rate last season, a rate that has plummeted to a poor 8.5% in 2015. Additionally, the pitch's O-Swing % has dropped nearly 14 points from 40.3% to 26.4%. Batters are simply seeing the pitch well and are not chasing it out of the zone. It should come to no surprise then that hitters in 2015 have a startling .359 wOBA against the pitch with a wRC+ of 138. That number will diminish as the season develops, but clearly there is something affecting his sharp hook. It could be a result of tipping or pitch selection, but without a fearful Curveball, it'll be difficult for Strasburg to create uncomfortable at-bats. It's crucial for Strasburg to figure out how to use the pitch effectively moving forward.
Changeup: 16.3% thrown, 87.9 MPH, -2.3 Runs Above Average
Last season, Strasburg's Changeup generated a whopping 25.6% swinging strike rate as it tallied an impressive 13.1 Runs Above Average. He was able to get on top of the baseball and let it roll off his wrist, creating excellent drop and fading action to left-handers. It was such a beautiful pitch that is currently featured on our 404 page. This season, his whiff rate has been cut in half to 12.4%, resulting in a poor -2.3 Runs Above Average. Strasburg has been losing confidence in his slow-pitch, and has exclusively thrown it to left-handers for the past four games. In fact, despite generating six whiffs off lefties in his best game of the season on April 19th, Strasburg has only induced two whiffs from lefties across the rest of the season. Strasburg needs to refine this pitch if he's going to be successful moving forward. He only threw four total on Tuesday, and it wasn't the revolution we're looking for. While he did execute this one to A.J. Pierzynski for an out:
He also floated it to Jace Peterson and almost gave up his seventh dinger of the season:
Vintage Strasburg featured confidence to throw this pitch at anytime in the count and spark frustration and fear in his opponents. Even though Pierzynski was fooled, he was still able to follow it and make decent contact instead of swinging over the pitch like many have in the past. I'm fully aware that this was his first start back after a long drought, but I'm still concerned that he won't be able to consistently resurrect his most potent weapon against left-handed batters.
Final Line: 5.0 IP, 0 ER, 4 Hits, 1 BBs, 6 Ks.
That line may surprise you given the vibe of concern I have expressed in this article. Strasburg wasn't particularly sharp in his return to the hill, but he didn't allow much hard contact and pounded the zone with 75% first-pitch strikes. His Fastball looked free and easy coming out of his hand, and while the movement and location wasn't fully there, it appears that he's tweaked his mechanics to create a more efficient delivery. He is keeping his hands lower to start his motion and he's staying closed a little longer than before, adding a little more deception and increased perceived velocity to his pitches. We don't have enough data yet to see if these changes will have a great effect, but it's important to note that he is tinkering to find a solution.
I want to believe that this line can be repeatable, but I need to see better command from his Fastball. Even without lively movement Strasburg can be effective with the correct mix and elite velocity if placed it the right locations. The biggest strides can be made by Stephen's secondary pitches, which are currently lacking the deception they previously held. Additionally, his Curve is being reserved as a strike-earner instead of being a putaway pitch in the dirt, which is limiting the strikeouts and making Strasburg more hittable than he should be. His Changeup is used exclusively against lefties and is lacking the movement and bite that once made batters uncomfortable. Polish is a must as well as confidence to throw the off-speed pitch in any count. However, the aggressiveness to Strasburg's approach is solid, and if he can make these tweaks to pitch selection as well as grow confidence in his secondary offerings, Strasburg could make the leap we've been waiting to see. I wouldn't expect it in the short-term, but a strong second half may be in order for the Nationals' flamethrower.
As always, I'll leave you with a pitch that encapsulates a heavy focus of our featured pitcher. Here Stephen Strasburg grooves a first pitch 96 MPH heaters to opposing pitcher Alex Wood:
Today the 2016 Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to Jean-Pierre Sauvage, Sir Fraser Stoddart, and Bernard Feringa for their work on the design and production of molecular machines with controllable movements. This graphic summarises the work that the prize was awarded for; for more detail, you can also head to the Nobel Prize committee's own explanation.
You can also find an excellent article on what molecular machines are and how they work from Education in Chemistry here. This is still very much a developing research area as well, as evidenced by the recent Chemunicate graphic focusing in on a molecular machine produced by Prof. David Leigh's research group.
I've been making summary graphics for the other science Nobel Prizes too – you can see the lot and download free PDFs of each here.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-5', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 5', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-10', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 10', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-15', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 15', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-20', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 20', target_type: 'mix' });
window._taboola = window._taboola || []; _taboola.push({ mode: 'thumbnails-c', container: 'taboola-interstitial-gallery-thumbnails-23', placement: 'Interstitial Gallery Thumbnails 23', target_type: 'mix' });
Photo: Sara Kelly Image 1 of / 24 Caption Close Image 2 of 24 Adore Delano performing at South Beach nightclub during the Pride Superstar competition in Houston. Adore Delano performing at South Beach nightclub during the Pride Superstar competition in Houston. Photo: Sara Kelly Image 3 of 24 Adore Delano performing at South Beach nightclub during the Pride Superstar competition in Houston. Adore Delano performing at South Beach nightclub during the Pride Superstar competition in Houston. Photo: Sara Kelly Image 4 of 24 Adore Delano performing at South Beach nightclub during the Pride Superstar competition in Houston. Adore Delano performing at South Beach nightclub during the Pride Superstar competition in Houston. Photo: Sara Kelly Image 5 of 24 Image 6 of 24 Adore Delano performing at South Beach nightclub during the Pride Superstar competition in Houston. Adore Delano performing at South Beach nightclub during the Pride Superstar competition in Houston. Photo: Sara Kelly Image 7 of 24 Adore Delano and Homer Martinez during the Pride Superstar competition. Adore Delano and Homer Martinez during the Pride Superstar competition. Photo: Sara Kelly Image 8 of 24 Adore Delano reunited with "Idol" BFF Kady Malloy onstage at Pride Superstar at South Beach in Houston. Adore Delano reunited with "Idol" BFF Kady Malloy onstage at Pride Superstar at South Beach in Houston. Photo: Sara Kelly Image 9 of 24 Kady Malloy and Adore Delano. Kady Malloy and Adore Delano. Photo: Sara Kelly Image 10 of 24 Image 11 of 24 Kady Malloy and Adore Delano. Kady Malloy and Adore Delano. Photo: Sara Kelly Image 12 of 24 Morena Roas, from left, Adore Delano and Homer Martinez during the Pride Superstar competition. Morena Roas, from left, Adore Delano and Homer Martinez during the Pride Superstar competition. Photo: Sara Kelly Image 13 of 24 Photos: Austin Young Image 14 of 24 Adore Delano. Adore Delano. Photo: Austin Young Image 15 of 24 Image 16 of 24 Adore Delano. Adore Delano. Photo: Austin Young Image 17 of 24 Adore Delano. Adore Delano. Photo: Austin Young Image 18 of 24 Adore Delano was also an American Idol season 7 semifinalist as Danny Noriega. Adore Delano was also an American Idol season 7 semifinalist as Danny Noriega. Photo: Magnus Hastings Image 19 of 24 Adore Delano. Adore Delano. Photo: Magnus Hastings Image 20 of 24 Image 21 of 24 Adore Delano. Adore Delano. Photo: Magnus Hastings Image 22 of 24 RuPaul's Drag Race Season 6 contestant Adore Delano. RuPaul's Drag Race Season 6 contestant Adore Delano. Photo: Mathu Andersen Image 23 of 24 Danny Noriega was 18 during his time on "American Idol." Danny Noriega was 18 during his time on "American Idol." Photo: AP Image 24 of 24 Adore Delano: Pop tarts, pizza and serious partying 1 / 24 Back to Gallery
Adore Delano has plenty of reasons to party.
The “RuPaul's Drag Race” Season 6 favorite released her debut album, “Till Death Do Us Party,” last month. It's one of the year's most dazzling dance-pop confections, veering effortlessly from camp to heartbreak. Three singles — “DTF,” “I Adore U” and “Party” — have already been released, and more are on the way.
The album registered the biggest sales week of any post-“Drag Race” release (and there have been many), shifting 5,000 copies its first week. It debuted at No. 3 on the Dance/Electronic Albums chart and at No. 59 on the Billboard 200.
That success is also the result of nonstop work. Delano has been criss-crossing the country for late-night performances and returns Saturday to South Beach nightclub in Houston. She performed for a huge crowd and served as guest judge in May for the kickoff of the popular Pride Superstar singing competition.
“I'm working my ass off every single day,” Delano says between yawns. “I have one day off at home, and I'm so excited to be laying in my bed right now.”
Many fans were already familiar with Delano's musical talent. As Danny Noriega, he made it to the Season 7 “American Idol” semifinals alongside local girl Kady Malloy. (The two reunited onstage during Pride Superstar.)
You're coming back! Did Houston give you life the first time you were here?
It was awesome. That was one of the longest meet and greets I think that I've done. That was one of the most memorable, though, because they were so lovely. The weather was (expletive) crazy hot. But I had Whataburger. It changed my life.
How do you keep up the pace?
Pop tarts and pizza. No, really, it's difficult. Sometimes it's like, “Oh my God. Have I really been awake for three days?” I learned to sleep on the plane now. That's your only choice. We do a gig and leave at six in the morning.
What were the goals with “Till Death Do Us Party?”
I really wanted to make a solid pop record, and I wanted to put a lot of work into it. You gotta pay for product to move ahead as well. I might be the most broke (“Drag Race”) top 3 contestant. I'm paying for the music videos. But that's what you gotta do.
Does the money you make performing go right back into your career?
Absolutely. (Laughs.) I'm literally — no one believes me — every single day in a different state. I do Austin. Then I fly to Chicago. Then from Chicago I fly to Houston. I'm saving up, and I'm putting it back into the product. Of course I'm saving some for taxes as well, because I'm not a dumbass.
I imagine original music has been a long time coming for you.
It's just really magical. That's the word I always use. I was in Canada for World Pride, and they're singing every single word. It's crazy. It's awesome. It feels like it's finally paying off a little bit. I just did a Yahoo acoustic session. I'm living the dream, and I'm very appreciative.
Was it a conscious decision to release singles with very different sounds and visual aesthetics?
I already filmed the fourth one before the third one was out. We're filming the fifth one in a couple of weeks. Then the sixth one. I wanted to kind of reinvent myself with every one. I wanted to be different and give the children every color of the sprinkles.
You co-wrote every song on the album. Was that a new challenge?
In the beginning I was like, “I'm not a writer.” The first song that we co-wrote was “Calling All Goddesses,” and I wanted nothing to do with it. But the more we started writing, it became easier. Now, one-two-three we got a formula going down.
Why was '80s hit Give Me Tonight by Shannon the right cover song to include?
I had three in mind. I wanted to do “Saturday Night” by the Misfits, “Dancing On My Own” (by Robyn) or Shannon. I remember getting ready for gigs when I was in high school and listening to that song. It just gives me a feel. I love that song.
What's the ultimate, long-range goal?
I would love to get signed to a major record deal and just be given a chance, basically. I had no money to promote my album at all (and still managed) No. 59 on the Billboard 200 chart. I want to show them what I can do if you invest. I want somebody to believe in me. I can do it.
Have you been surprised by all the love and goodwill you've generated?
I grew up not having a lot of friends, not being the most popular kid in school. When people wanna take a picture with me, I always say yes. You never turn them down. It's an honor to have people wanna take a picture with you. I'm like, “Me? Really? If you knew me in eighth grade …” It's awesome.
Adore Delano: 9 p.m. Saturday at South Beach, 810 Pacific. Free before 10 p.m. 713-529-7623 or sobehouston.com.
BENGALURU: Amazon will be organizing on Monday its first Prime Day in India . The annual event generates half a billion dollars of sales every year in the US.Prime is an annual subscription programme for free and faster delivery for Amazon's customers and was launched in India in July last year. The sales event will be exclusive to Prime members and will see big discounts and deals apart from new video content, Amit Agarwal, country head of Amazon India, told TOI.Prime in India is priced at Rs 500 a year and almost 30% of the sales value on Amazon is generated by Prime members, the company said, adding that on sales events days it goes above 40%. The membership is said to have doubled since the launch of Prime Video in December.The company said Prime Day , which will be held for 30 hours starting at 6pm on July 10 -coinciding with the US Prime Day -will see multiple brands launching products online on Amazon for the first time. Actor Salman Khan's Being Human has partnered with Amazon to launch its e-cycle on the day .“The response to Prime in India since its launch less than a year ago is humbling and signals how we have reached an inflection point with online shopping.Amazon is increasingly becoming a daily habit, and people are coming to Amazon for all their needs,“ Agarwal said. Among the biggest deals is a free 32-inch TV for those who purchase a TCL 55-inch smart TV . Amazon has also curated its deals based on eight different interest areas like gardening, beauty , interior decoration and bookworms.Akshay Sahi, head of Prime, Amazon India, said, “Since there are sales events every month across various e-commerce platforms, it becomes imperative for us to differentiate by making it bigger and more valuable for customers.“. He said the company is not planning to raise Prime fees as of now as the programme is seeing rapid adoption across smaller cities.The number of items available on Prime has gone up to 2.1 million now from 1.3 million at the time of launch. Sahi said at all Amazon sales events, Prime membership was always the most sold product.
Back in April, the Daily Show's Jon Stewart offered some sound advice for frothing at the mouth Tea Baggers, "I think you might be confusing tyranny with losing." Now five months after their Tax Day outburst, thousands of vein-popping Obama opponents descended Saturday on Washington for Tea Party II. But while Glenn Beck's furious followers alternately slandered the President as a "fascist," a "communist" and worse, they remained unencumbered by either the thought process - or the truth.
Here, then, are 10 Lessons for Tea Baggers:
1. President Obama Cut Your Taxes
As in April, the Tea Baggers continued to display their fundamental misunderstanding of U.S. history and the American Revolution. Apparently, the right-wing zealots are outraged by no taxation with representation.
As promised, Barack Obama in the stimulus package delivered on his pledge of tax relief for 95% of American households. Obama's American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) didn't only jump start gross domestic product and refill empty state coffers in the second quarter of 2009. As Nate Silver thoroughly documented, "Obama has cut taxes for 98.6% of working households."
Nevertheless, raging Tea Baggers spouting Republican Tax Day lies took to the streets not to thank the President, but to blame him for the tax cuts they received.
2. The Stimulus is Working
A prime target of Bagger bashing, the $787 billion stimulus package passed over the near-total obstructionism of Congressional Republicans is already paying huge dividends for the economy.
To be sure, at 9.7% the unemployment rate remains dismal. But the impact of ARRA and other government actions extends well beyond the Obama administration's claim it has created or preserved one million jobs to date. As I documented in August:
After steep declines of 5.4% and 6.4% in the previous two quarters, gross domestic product fell only 1% in the last three months. And while the ARRA overall added "up to 3 full percentage points of annualized growth in the quarter," President Obama's stimulus helped precisely where it was needed most - rescuing devastated state budgets.
Earlier this month, the reliably Republican Wall Street Journal agreed the Obama administration has helped stem the bleeding from the Bush Recession:
Many forecasters say stimulus spending is adding two to three percentage points to economic growth in the second and third quarters, when measured at an annual rate. The impact in the second quarter, calculated by analyzing how the extra funds flowing into the economy boost consumption, investment and spending, helped slow the rate of decline and will lay the groundwork for positive growth in the third quarter -- something that seemed almost implausible just a few months ago. Some economists say the 1% contraction in the second quarter would have been far worse, possibly as much as 3.2%, if not for the stimulus.
For the third quarter, economists at Goldman Sachs & Co. predict the U.S. economy will grow by 3.3%. "Without that extra stimulus, we would be somewhere around zero," said Jan Hatzius, chief U.S. economist for Goldman.
3. First Reagan Tripled the National Debt...
For Tea Baggers supposedly concerned that "deficit spending is out of hand," history apparently began only on January 20, 2009. Because while President Obama rightly resorted to massive deficit spending to rescue the American economy from calamity, it was Ronald Reagan who ushered in the now-standard Republican practice of "spending our children's inheritance."
As Steve Benen rightly noted, it was not Reagan but President Obama whose stimulus plan delivered the largest two-year tax cut in history. And as it turns out, what Saint Ronnie giveth, he also taketh away.
As predicted, Reagan's massive $749 billion supply-side tax cuts in 1981 quickly produced even more massive annual budget deficits. Combined with his rapid increase in defense spending, Reagan delivered not the balanced budgets he promised, but record-settings deficits. Ultimately, Reagan was forced to raise taxes twice to avert financial catastrophe (a fact John McCain learned the hard way from Tom Brokaw last October). By the time he left office in 1989, Ronald Reagan nonetheless more than equaled the entire debt burden produced by the previous 200 years of American history.
4. ...Then Bush Doubled It Again
Following in Reagan's footsteps, George W. Bush buried the myth of Republican fiscal discipline.
Inheriting a federal budget in the black and CBO forecast for a $5.6 trillion surplus over 10 years, President George W. Bush quickly set about dismantling the progress made under Bill Clinton. Bush's $1.4 trillion tax cut in 2001, followed by a $550 billion second round in 2003, accounted for the bulk of the yawning budget deficits he produced.
Like Reagan and Stockman before him, Bush resorted to the rosy scenario to claim he would halve the budget deficit by 2009. Before the financial system meltdown last fall, Bush's deficit already reached $490 billion. (And even before the passage of the Wall Street bailout, Bush had presided over a $4 trillion increase in the national debt, a staggering 71% jump.) By this January, the mind-numbing deficit figure reached $1.2 trillion, forcing President Bush to raise the debt ceiling to $11.3 trillion.
Tea Baggers take note: the Bush tax cuts delivered a third of their total benefits to the wealthiest 1% of Americans. And the staggering $2 trillion price tag for Bush's giveaway to the richest needing it the least dwarfs the estimated $900 billion cost over 10 years of President Obama's health care proposals.
5. Republican States Have the Worst Health Care
George W. Bush didn't merely spend the health care money on a windfall for America's rich and famous. He helped ensure red states continued to provide the worst health care in the nation.
Call it the Iron Law of Birtherism: the movement which denies President Obama's Hawaiian birth is strongest precisely in those states where Republicans poll best and health care is worst.
A 2007 Commonwealth Fund report, "Aiming Higher: Results from a State Scorecard on Health System Performance," examined states' performance across 32 indicators of health care access, quality, outcomes and hospital use. Topping the list were Hawaii, Iowa, New Hampshire, Vermont and Maine. Bringing up the rear were the Bush bastions of Kentucky, Louisiana, Nevada, Arkansas, Texas, with Mississippi and Oklahoma. The 10 worst performing states were all solidly Republican in 2004. (8 voted for McCain in 2008.)
The extremes in health care performance are startling. For example, 30% of adults and 20% of children in Texas lacked health insurance, compared to 11% in Minnesota and 5% in Vermont, respectively. Premature death rates from preventable conditions were almost double (141.7 per 100,000 people) in Tennessee, Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi compared to the top performing states (74.1 per 100,000). Adults over 50 receiving preventative care topped 50% in Minnesota compared to only 33% in Idaho. Childhood immunizations reached 94% in Massachusetts, compared to just 75% in the bottom five states. As the report details, federal and state policies, such as insurance requirements and Medicaid incentives, clearly impact health care outcomes.
(In May, the Washington Post rightly noted it would be blue state residents funding health care reform for their red state brethren in an article titled, "A Red State Booster Shot." The grandstanding of Sarah Palin, Bobby Jindal et al notwithstanding, the same one-way flow of taxpayer dollars from Washington to red states, of course, is a permanent feature of federal spending in general. And yet a 2008 survey predictably showed 68% of Republicans believe the U.S. has the best health system in the world, compared to only three in 10 Democrats.)
6. Medicare is a Government Program
Among the greatest ironies of the health care debate is the specter of Republicans feigning concern over Medicare. The same party that opposed Medicare in the 1960's and tried to slash its budget in the 1990's now scares the bejesus out of 46 million American elderly recipients by warning of bogus death panels and Democrats "sticking it to seniors with cuts to Medicare."
Even more ironic is that a majority of the GP faithful do not seem to know that Medicare is a government-run program. As I noted previously:
In July, Rep. Bob Inglis (R-SC) described an angry constituent who confronted him at a South Carolina town hall meeting, "keep your government hands off my Medicare." Despite his best efforts to explain that Medicare is a government program, the voter, Inglis lamented, "wasn't having any of it."
But as recent data from Public Policy Polling revealed, that same cognitive failure is now far more widespread than swine flu. While 39% of all Americans responded that the government should "stay out of Medicare," 59% of self-identified conservatives and 62% of McCain voters hold that oxymoronic view.
7. Barack Obama is Not a Muslim
An April survey by the Pew Research Center showed that 11% of Americans believe Barack Obama is a Muslim, a figure largely unchanged since its polling started in March 2008. Yet 17% of Republicans and 19% of white evangelicals (74% of whom voted for John McCain) insist the President is an adherent of Islam, despite his repeated pronouncements and decades of church attendance to the contrary.
Judging from their signs, a much larger percentage of Tea Baggers maintain this error.
8. Barack Obama was Born in the United States
As it turns out, the Tea Bagging faithful are even worse at basic geography than comparative religion. The Birther contagion is running rampant among the ranks of Republicans. And even with repeated treatments of birth certificates and Hawaiian newspaper announcements from 1961, there is apparently no cure.
A DailyKos/Research 2000 poll found that a stunning 58% of Republicans did not believe (28%) or were unsure (30%) that President Barack Obama was in fact born in the United States. To be sure, this is a Southern pathology, a region home to 69% of all birthers and the only part of the country to increase its Republican presidential vote in 2008. The PPP survey only confirmed the chronic birtherism plaguing the Republican Party:
Only 62% of respondents reported believing that Obama was born in the United States. 10% thought he was born in Indonesia, 7% thought he was born in Kenya, 1% thought he was born in the Philippines, and 20% weren't sure. Among Republicans 44% think he was not born here while just 36% believe that he was.
(In a promising development, only 10% of respondents weren't sure if Hawaii is part of the United States. On this score, conservatives were only slightly more confused than liberals and moderates.)
9. 70,000 Does Not Equal 2,000,000
Math, too, provides another stumbling block for the masterminds and acolytes of Tea Party movement.
After FreedomWorks president Matt Kibbe wrongly inflated the estimates of the 9/12 crowd in Washington DC at 2,000,000, ABC and others corrected the fraud. But that didn't stop the conservative blogosphere from parroting the charade debunked by both DC police - and simple comparative photography.
As Nat Silver concluded, "Size Matters; So Do Lies."
The way this false estimate came into being is relatively simple: Matt Kibbe, the president of FreedomWorks, lied, claiming that ABC News had reported numbers of between 1.0 and 1.5 million when they never did anything of the sort. A few tweets later, the numbers had been exaggerated still further to 2 million. Kibbe wasn't "in error", as Malkin gently puts it. He lied. He did the equivalent of telling people that his penis is 53 inches long.
10. The Economy Almost Always Does Better Under Democrats
If the extended Pinocchio nose and a similarly over-inflated phallus are the apt symbols of the Tea Party movement, the Tea Baggers are in for one final, rude awakening. For all of their histrionics about "socialism" and "communism", the historical record clearly shows the economy overall and the stock market in particular almost always do better under Democratic presidents.
Just days after the Washington Post documented that George W. Bush presided over the worst eight-year economic performance in the modern American presidency, the New York Times in January featured an analysis comparing presidential performance going back to Eisenhower. As the Times showed, George W. Bush, the first MBA president, was a historic failure when it came to expanding GDP, producing jobs and fueling stock market growth. And across almost every indicator (article here, charts here), Democrats outperformed their Republican counterparts.
The superior performance of Democratic presidents covers virtually the entire spectrum of economic indicators. As Elliott Parker of the University of Nevada, Reno detailed in a 2006 paper, since 1949 Democratic administrations have done better than Republican ones when it comes to unemployment (5.2% to 6.0%), job creation (-.0.4% decrease in unemployment, compared to 0.3% increase), GDP growth rate (4.2% to 2.9%), and even corporate profits as a share of GDP. And to be sure, he found the Dow benefits from Democrats in the White House.
There's no shortage of studies to show that stock market returns are higher under Democratic leadership. (As it turns out, Wall Street's performance is also better when Democrats control Congress.) In 2000, Pedro Santa-Clara and Rossen Valkanov of UCLA's Anderson School of Business concluded that "that the average excess return in the stock market is higher under Democratic than Republican presidents - a difference of 9 percent per year for the value-weighted portfolio and 16 percent for the equal-weighted portfolio." As the New York Times noted of UCLA study in 2003:
"It's not even close. The stock market does far better under Democrats...
As the spent Tea Baggers wipe the spittle from their lips at they trudge home from Washington, they would do well to remember one final truth. The words of Harry Truman, the man Sarah Palin cited as her model, are as true today as when he uttered them generations ago:
"If you want to live like a Republican, vote Democratic."
(This piece also appears at Perrspectives.)
Every year we track the candidates for our "Na Brown award," which we give to the unheralded player coming into camp that manages to steal the headlines. Our early leader BTW, is WR Damaris Johnson.
But what about everyone else? Every year there's a veteran or two who shows up "in the best shape of his life" and manages to build excitement for his upcoming season. How can we quantify those guys? To do so, I'm introducing the "buzzmeter." We'll review this during and after each OTA this offseason to track which vets are getting the most buzz.
Coming out of these first OTAs, the "buzziest" player could not have been more obvious. Every coach and every defender have the same name on their lips, Brandon Graham.
Graham caught everyone's eyes this year when he showed up to camp having shed 20 pounds while also noticeably bulking up the muscle. In fact, he's now benching 465 pounds and squatting 405. Jim Washburn says he hears daily about Graham's feats in the weight room and says that attitude wise, "he's a totally different guy."
Cullen Jenkins spoke to Tim McManus and said of Graham's weight room freakishness, "They need to get him some relief or something, give him a hug. He's a little too intense up in there."
Darryl Tapp says he looks like the player that had everyone excited prior to his rookie year.
"He looks like the Brandon that first came in here," Tapp said. "Brandon probably had the greatest training camp for a rookie that I've ever seen in my life. That first year he came in on fire, killing everybody in one-on-ones, giving great effort. It seems like this past offseason, when we had that time alone to ourselves, he got in a quiet closet and found himself in my opinion."
Graham's comments only back up all the descriptions of him. Earlier this offseason, he now famously rreferred to himself as a "bust" and seems to be using the label as his motivating factor.
Graham's redemption story is teed up and begging to written. He was a highly touted first round pick who got off to a promising start only to see his rookie campaign shortened by injury. He couldn't really shake that injury in his second year, got depressed over it and gained weight. Meanwhile, the guy at his same position taken soon after him by the Eagles' biggest rival becomes a star. The next offseason he gets healthy, toss in a rocky style training montage and you've got yourselves a classic sports movie redemption story.
It's all ready to be written. All he's got to do is complete it. The pads aren't on yet, the games aren't here and there's still a ways to go, but so far the buzzmeter on Brandon Graham is off the charts.
"It's going to be a great year to show the organization what I can do," says Graham. "I want to be part of this organization and hopefully play my whole career here.
Memory Read / Write / Execute attributes are one of the most important part of system security. Usually it is mandatory to have writable attribute set before overwriting a block of memory, and executable attribute set before executing code in a block of memory, otherwise an exception is generated. However, there are some special cases in the Windows exception handling procedure that we can take advantage of. By abusing such exceptions, we could write to the unwritable, and execute the unexecutable.
0x01 Directly modify read-only memory locations
In my CanSecWest 2014 talk “ROPs are for the 99%” I introduced an interesting technique – by modifying some flag in JavaScript objects, we can disable the safe mode and let Internet Explorer (IE) load dangerous objects such as WScript.Shell, and execute arbitrary code without worrying about the DEP.
Modifying SafeMode flag isn't the only way to let IE load dangerous objects.
Some parts of IE are actually implemented in HTML. This HTML code are usually stored in the resource section of ieframe.dll. for example, the print preview page is in res://ieframe.dll/preview.dlg, organize favorites page is in res://ieframe.dll/orgfav.dlg, page properties page is in res://ieframe.dll/docppg.ppg, and so on.
IE will create separate renderer and JavaScript engine instances for this HTML, but the SafeMode is disabled by default in these new JavaScript engine instances.
Therefore, we only need to insert our JavaScript code into the resource section of ieframe.dll, and trigger the corresponding IE functionality, the code will be executed as if it is part of the IE functionality in a SafeMode disabled JavaScript engine instance.
But the resource section of the PE file is read-only. If we use a write-what-where vulnerability to modify the resource of ieframe.dll, an access violation exception is generated:
eax=00000041 ebx=1e2e31b0 ecx=00000000 edx=00000083 esi=1e2e31b0 edi=68b77fe5 eip=69c6585f esp=0363ac00 ebp=0363ac84 iopl=0 nv up ei pl nz na pe cy cs=0023 ss=002b ds=002b es=002b fs=0053 gs=002b efl=00010207 jscript9!Js::JavascriptOperators::OP_SetElementI+0x117: 69c6585f 88040f mov byte ptr [edi+ecx],al ds:002b:68b77fe5=76 0:008> !exchain 0363b0f0: jscript9!DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>::DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>+1570 (69b421d1) 0363b648: jscript9!DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>::DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>+1570 (69b421d1) 0363bab8: jscript9!DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>::DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>+1570 (69b421d1) 0363bb78: jscript9!DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>::DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>+28c0 (69c71564) 0363bbc0: jscript9!DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>::DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>+2898 (69c7150f) 0363bc44: jscript9!DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>::DListBase<CustomHeap::Page>+276a (69d0dedd) 0363c588: MSHTML!_except_handler4+0 (66495fa4) CRT scope 0, filter: MSHTML! ... Omitted... (6652bbe8) func: MSHTML!... Omitted... (6652bbf1) 0363c62c: user32!_except_handler4+0 (7569a61e) CRT scope 0, func: user32!UserCallWinProcCheckWow+123 (75664456) 0363c68c: user32!_except_handler4+0 (7569a61e) CRT scope 0, filter: user32!DispatchMessageWorker+15e (756659b7) func: user32!DispatchMessageWorker+171 (756659ca) 0363f9a8: ntdll!_except_handler4+0 (776a71f5) CRT scope 0, filter: ntdll!__RtlUserThreadStart+2e (776a74d0) func: ntdll!__RtlUserThreadStart+63 (776a90eb) 0363f9c8: ntdll!FinalExceptionHandler+0 (776f7428)
In the above exception handler chain, the exception handler in mshtml.dll will call kernel32!RaiseFailFastException(). If g_fFailFastHandlerDisabled is set to false, the process will be terminated:
int __thiscall RaiseFailFastExceptionFilter(int this) { signed int **v1; // esi@1 CONTEXT *v2; // ST04_4@2 signed int v3; // eax@2 UINT v4; // ST08_4@4 HANDLE v5; // eax@4 v1 = (signed int **)this; if ( !g_fFailFastHandlerDisabled ) { v2 = *(CONTEXT **)(this + 4); g_fFailFastHandlerDisabled = 1; RaiseFailFastException(*(PEXCEPTION_RECORD *)this, v2, 2u); v3 = 1653; if ( *v1 ) v3 = **v1; v4 = v3; v5 = GetCurrentProcess(); TerminateProcess(v5, v4); } return 0; }
However, if g_fFailFastHandlerDisabled is set to true, the exception handling chain will call into kernel32!UnhandledExceptionFilter(), and finally kernel32!CheckForReadOnlyResourceFilter():
int __stdcall CheckForReadOnlyResourceFilter(int a1) { int result; // eax@2 if ( BasepAllowResourceConversion ) result = CheckForReadOnlyResource(a1, 0); else result = 0; return result; }
If BasepAllowResourceConversion is also true, CheckForReadOnlyResource() will set the target page to writable, and return normally.
That is, if we first modify g_fFailFastHandlerDisabled and BasepAllowResourceConversion flag to true, we can then directly modify the resource in ieframe.dll without worrying about read-only attributes, the operating system will take care of it for us.
Another small obstacle. Once page attribute modification is triggered in CheckForReadOnlyResource(), the RegionSize of the memory attribute will also be change to one-page size, usually 0x1000. Before IE creates renderer instances with HTML resources in ieframe.dll, mshtml!GetResource() checks if the RegionSize attribute is larger than the size of the resource, and fails otherwise. The solution is to completely overwrite the resource from start to end, the RegionSize will increase accordingly and the check is therefore bypassed.
We now have a surreal exploit thanks to the special case for PE resource section in Windows write exception.
0x02 Executing the unexecutable memory locations
In my VARA 2009 talk “Time Factors in Vulnerability Hunting” I introduced a rare module address use-after-free vulnerability. For example, Thread A calls a function in module X, module X in turn calls a time consuming function in module Y. if thread B unloads module X before the function call returns, the return address is invalid when the function call returns. I found such problems in Flash module of the Opera browser at that time. One of the download managers also had similar problems.
Some other vulnerability categories also exhibit similar properties – execution is possible but the address is not controllable. In environments without DEP, this kind of vulnerabilities are not hard to exploit – we only need to spray the code to the target address. But with DEP enabled, these vulnerabilities are usually considered unexploitable.
But if we spray the target address with the following data:
typedef struct _THUNK3 { UCHAR MovEdx; // 0xba mov edx, imm32 LONG EdxImmediate; UCHAR MovEcx; // 0xb9 mov ecx, imm32 LONG EcxImmediate; // <- put your Stack Pivot here USHORT JmpEcx; // 0xe1ff jmp ecx } Thunk3;
With DEP enabled, the target memory location is no doubt unexecutable, but surprisingly the system seems still executed these instructions, and jumped to the location in ecx. We only need to set ecx to jump to arbitrary memory location and execute the ROP chain.
For compatibility reasons, Windows implemented a mechanism called ATL thunk emulation. When the Windows kernel is handling execution exceptions, it checks if the exception address looks like a ATL thunk. If so, the kernel emulate its execution with KiEmulateAtlThunk() routine.
There are some limitations. ATL thunk emulation checks if the target address is within a PE file, and CFG checks are also enforced on supported systems. After Windows Vista, ATL thunk emulation only applies to applications compiled without IMAGE_DLLCHARACTERISTICS_NX_COMPAT under default DEP policy. If /NXCOMPAT is specified in compiler flag, the ATL thunk emulation is no longer supported. But there are still a lot of programs that does support the ATL thunk emulation, as seen in many third party application, and 32-bit iexplore.exe. Vulnerability such as CVE-2015-2425 in Hacking Team leaked emails is also exploitable with this technique if a heap spray is successful.
By abusing the ATL thunk emulation in system exception handling procedure, we make the unexcutable executable again, and bring some unexploitable vulnerabilities back to life.
Majority of this article was written in October 2014. Module addresses and symbol information were from Windows Technical Preview 6.4.9841 x64 with Internet Explorer 11.
References:
[1] ROPs are for the 99%, CanSecWest 2014, Yang Yu
[2] Bypassing Browser Memory Protections
[3] (CVE-2015-2425) “Gifts” From Hacking Team Continue, IE Zero-Day Added to Mix
[4] Time Factors in Vulnerability Hunting，VARA 2009
It's time! You've already heard all about it in the pre-release post, so go play it in the new launcher!
For those of you who also have access to Minecraft Realms, here's the change-log regarding Realms:
Added handling of invitations
Added resetting realm with one of provided realm templates
Added viewing backups for a realm and the ability to restore any of them
Added setting the owner of a realm as game master operator
Added confirmation screens for various actions (such as deleting a realm)
Ability to leave someone else's realm that previously accepted invitation for.
Fixed game mode and game difficulty issue
Minor GUI fixes for better usability
Get the new launcher here:
Get the server files here:
Texture packs have to be converted into Resource Packs, which support changing of sounds, languages and other assets. You can use this tool to convert them instantly: TextureEnder.jar
// The Minecraft and Minecraft Realms teams
Fast And Furious Whistle-blower Reaches Agreement Over Retaliation Claims
Peter Forcelli, an ATF agent who blew the whistle on management lapses in the gun trafficking scandal known as Fast and Furious, has reached an agreement with the bureau over his retaliation claims.
A lawyer for Forcelli declined to disclose the terms of the settlement because it was the product of a confidential mediation process.
"We can't reveal the details but Mr. Forcelli's smile could not be broader," lawyer Tom Devine, of the Government Accountability Project, told NPR in an interview. "This outcome was a 180 degree reversal by new management... This dispute is over."
Forcelli appeared in Congress in June 2011 to blast his supervisors and the U.S. attorney in Arizona for failing to oversee a law enforcement operation that lost track of as many as 2,000 guns along the Southwest border.
"What we have here is actually a colossal failure in leadership from within ATF, within the chain of command involved in this case, within the United States attorney's office and within DOJ as to the individuals who were aware of this strategy," Forcelli testified.
Forcelli said he never understood the strategy behind the ATF operation. To watch guns walk across the Southwest border, he said, was a recipe for disaster.
"We weren't giving guns to people who were hunting bear. We were giving guns to people who were killing other humans," he said.
That testimony resulted in what his lawyer called "non stop witch hunts and character assassination" by prosecutors in Arizona and a few ATF officials. "The situation became intolerable," Devine said. Ultimately, Forcelli moved to work in Washington headquarters.
Devine says he continues to represent another ATF whistleblower, Larry Alt, whose case is currently in mediation in front of the U.S. Office of Special Counsel, which protects federal employees from reprisal for whistleblowing. The OSC's leader, Carolyn Lerner, said the Forcelli case is "a testament to the ability of mediation to resolve complex cases."
In other Fast and Furious news, the details of the 2,359-page report issued by the U.S. House Oversight and Government Reform Committee continue to emerge.
El Paso Times reported yesterday on a bit that is worth noting: A firearm that was tied to Operation Fast and Furious was "seized in Tijuana in connection with a drug cartel's conspiracy to kill the" then police chief of the city.
Suzuki's Davide Brivio has confirmed the factory is waiting on Maverick Vi?ales to decide on his plans for 2017 before making other decisions regarding riders, and feels it is important that the 21-year old sees the progress the factory is making.
In the wake of Jorge Lorenzo's signing for Ducati, Vi?ales is believed to be the next major domino to fall in place. Yamaha's interest in the Catalan has been well publicised but Vi?ales wouldn't be drawn on his future at Austin, stating, "it's always good when I have these things in my head. I've always worked really well when I've been under pressure because I feel much more motivated."
Speaking in Texas, Brivio stated keeping Vi?ales in Suzuki's colours was a firm priority of the factory. Asked whether he knew when the Catalan starlet's future would be decided, he replied, "This you have to ask Maverick.
"We're waiting for him to decide to tell us what he wants to do. Of course our priority is to keep him. The whole Suzuki factory is working, wishing and hoping that he stays."
Rumours mounted in Austin that Vi?ales was taking Suzuki's offer to stay in 2017 very seriously, amid reports that he had changed manager from Aki Ajo to Paco Sanchez, a man who looked after Pol Espargaro's affairs in the past.
At the beginning of 2016, Vi?ales set a target of finishing regularly inside the top six, a goal based on early performances, is well within his reach. It is this competitiveness that Brivio hopes will convince him to stay.
"More than a podium it's important that Maverick understands that the bike is good and competitive, in general the feeling and how the bike behaves compared to the other bikes, this is what we're doing.
"I think these three races, one reason or the other, we're still missing the top results but I think our bike is making quick steps. Then maybe we have to make the tyre work better; small things we have to adjust to be more competitive, and be constantly at the top."
Vi?ales scored his best result in MotoGP to date in Texas, his strong fourth position bettering his previous best by two places. Furthermore, team-mate Aleix Espargaro's fifth was proof that Suzuki's riders can finish "very close to the top group...when the bike is OK."
"We are really pleased to see this," continued Brivio. "We know we had a little bit of luck. What is more important is that here we struggle a little bit with the rear grip and drop down but we can understand in these first three races that when we are OK, when the bike is OK, the tyres are OK we can stay very close to the top group.
"This is now the next target, the next mission, to fix as much as we can and to be more constant. Then we know we have the potential with the bike and the riders to stay closer to the top group. From now on we have to try and come closer and closer.
"Aleix made a huge step compared to the first two races. We struggle a little bit in the winter. Suddenly he switched to the 2015 chassis again and we used Qatar basically as a kind of test. Argentina was a strange weekend.
"In Austin, the first weekend that was clear and normal, he made a huge step so I want to think that we start from here. Now we arrive in an important part of the championship, at European tracks; Jerez, Le Mans, Mugello, now we look forward."
On Espargaro's future, Brivio added the Spaniard had "briefly" spoken to the factory, "because everyone is talking.
"As we said, we are working on Maverick's side. Once he has decided - good or bad - we will also make a strategy for other riders."
Brivio also confirmed that Suzuki is planning to increase its presence on the MotoGP grid to three bikes in 2017, something the factory is currently discussing with MotoGP organisers Dorna.
"Somebody is asking and also we are talking to Dorna. They wish to see more Suzukis at the track. Our management in the Suzuki company wish to have more bikes on the track.
"We have no experience in Satellite teams, how to manage them, how to do it, the sort of organisation we need. This is an internal discussion that is going on. We will see but let's say it's clear that everyone would like to do it. Now we have to see if it's practical and we can do it."
Microsoft has filed a suit against Kyocera, claiming that the manufacturer infringed on seven Microsoft patents related to the Android OS. Ironically, Microsoft owns quite a number of patents related to Android and has licensing deals with some major Android manufacturers including Samsung. LG, HTC and ZTE. A couple of years ago, some computations showed that Microsoft could earn as much as $8.8 billion annually from those patents by 2017 In the suit, Microsoft accuses Kyocera of infringing on patents related to text messages and location services. The lines affected by the suit include the Kyocera Duraforce, Hydro and Brigadier handsets.Microsoft has asked a federal judge to issue an injunction that would prevent Kyocera from importing the affected models into the U.S. Despite taking Kyocera to court, Microsoft still seeks an amicable resolution.source: Reuters
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
THE “Nixon shock” is not the name given to President Richard Nixon's resignation in 1974 amid the Watergate scandal, his bombing of Cambodia during the Vietnam war or his audacious visit to communist China. It refers instead to a bundle of economic policies unveiled to an unsuspecting world on August 15th 1971. The president imposed a freeze on wages and prices for 90 days to break inflation, ended the convertibility of dollars into gold, and slapped a “surcharge” or tariff of 10% on imports.
Nixon is not usually a source of inspiration for left-leaning pundits such as Paul Krugman of the New York Times. But like 130 congressmen, who this month signed a letter to Timothy Geithner, America's treasury secretary, he is calling on the White House to emulate Nixon and impose a “surcharge” on imports from China. The tariff is supposed to force China to strengthen its currency, the yuan, against the dollar, just as Nixon's surcharge prompted America's trading partners to renegotiate their exchange rates four months later.
Mr Krugman argues that China's weak yuan is costing America roughly 1.4m jobs. Its cheap currency gives its exporters an edge in the American marketplace. China then squirrels its dollar earnings away in American securities rather than spending them on American goods. In normal circumstances these asset purchases would lower interest rates, boosting American borrowing and spending. But America, like other rich countries, is now caught in a “liquidity trap”. Interest rates are as low as they can go. By saving dollars rather than spending them, China is draining demand from the world economy.
China's foreign-exchange reserves now total $2.4 trillion, of which about 70% are thought to be in dollars. In 1971 the central banks of America's trading partners had amassed a rather smaller hoard, of about $40 billion. But that was enough to buy the gold in Fort Knox three times over, if America upheld its commitment to sell the metal at $35 an ounce. Britain's request to exchange dollars for gold on August 13th 1971 was the last straw. “Although the US government attached no great importance to the gold as such, a run on this gold would have been a sorry spectacle,” wrote George Shultz and Kenneth Dam, two prominent economic officials in the Nixon administration, in their book “Economic Policy Beyond the Headlines”. On August 15th Nixon, in effect, announced that America was now unwilling to do what it would soon be incapable of doing—converting dollars into gold at the agreed exchange rate.
Messrs Shultz and Dam argue that the import surcharge was intended as “an attention-getter and a bargaining chip”. It allowed John Connally, Nixon's treasury secretary and a Texan, to stride down the corridors of international finance “with both guns blazing”. In the face of this bravado America's trading partners duly backed down. By December they agreed to let the dollar fall (by a trade-weighted average of 6.5%) and the surcharge was removed. Nixon was able to present the humbling of the dollar as a political victory. But were Barack Obama to emulate him, would he really enjoy the same result?
The obvious difference is that in 1971 America was locked into a system of fixed parities. By pegging to the dollar, a currency was automatically fixed to everything else. Since July 2008 China has pegged the yuan to the greenback. But over that period its currency has swung up and down against those of its trading partners and competitors. On a trade-weighted basis the yuan is back to where it was when the financial crisis started. Indeed, compared with China's emerging-market competitors in its big export markets, the yuan is about 12% more expensive today than it was before the collapse of Lehman Brothers, according to a measure (the “third-country” effective exchange rate) calculated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. By this indicator China's currency is about 25% above its level in 2005.
The second difference is related to the first. Because everybody was pegged to the dollar in 1971, everybody had to pay the surcharge. Nixon dismayed everyone but discriminated against no one. China's critics today, on the other hand, urge Mr Obama to slap a tariff on Chinese goods alone. This will reduce the demand for Chinese imports, which constitute about 15% of America's total. But there is no guarantee that customers will switch from Chinese goods to American ones instead. They are more likely to buy from China's rivals in Asia. The surcharge may change the composition of America's trade deficit, without necessarily changing its size.
The Nixon shock holds lessons for China as well as Mr Obama. Like China today, Germany in the 1960s disavowed any responsibility for the world's imbalances, insisting that the solution lay with tighter policies in deficit countries rather than looser policies in surplus countries. (Germany is still singing a version of that song.) But by holding fast to the dollar, Germany ended up importing America's laxity. It could not insulate itself from the loose monetary policy engineered to help Nixon win the 1972 election. German prices rose by over 5% in 1971. China, too, risks a loss of macroeconomic control if it continues to peg to the dollar. Its money supply grew by about 35% in the year to February. That kind of surge may be a precursor to inflation.
The advocates of a surcharge argue that China will not act unless it is forced to do so. They point to defensive remarks by Wen Jiabao, China's prime minister, arguing that the yuan was not undervalued and would remain “basically stable”. But the demise of the Bretton Woods system suggests that official statements can be a poor guide to future policy. The decision not to revalue is “final, unequivocal and for eternity”. That's not a Chinese official in 2010, but a German official in the Nixon era—just five months before the Deutschmark was revalued by 9.3%.
After a bombshell announcement early this month that she is pregnant with twins, Beyonce will not perform at this year's Coachella as previously announced, but will headline in 2018, the festival announced on Thursday.
“Following the advice of her doctors to keep a less rigorous schedule in the coming months, Beyoncé has made the decision to forgo performing at the 2017 Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival,” said a statement on Coachella's Facebook page, which also revealed that she will headline next year.
Coachella has not yet announced who will headline in place of the megastar, who put on an elegant performance at this month's Grammys. She was scheduled to perform on April 15 and 22.
Radiohead and Kendrick Lamar are also headlining the fest, with Radiohead performing on April 14 and 21 and Lamar performing on April 16 and 23.
It's unclear just how far along Beyonce is, but she showed off a visible baby bump in both her Feb. 1 announcement (one that swiftly broke an Instagram record) and her Grammys performance, where she sang “Lemonade” tracks “Love Drought” and “Sandcastles.”
She also won the best urban contemporary album at the awards show, and best music video for “Formation.” Though she lost for album of the year, Adele, who won the prize, paid tribute to her in her speech, and even said backstage, “I thought it was her year. What the f— does she have to do to win album of the year?”
A reader points me to this interview with Bill Gross. Funny.
Gross's lack of enchantment may have something to do with this. Regular readers may recall that early last year Gross was predicting a big spike in interest rates when quantitative easing ended, and I argued that this was all wrong.
What struck me in that debate was how vituperative many of the reactions to my position were — despite the fact that this was very much a technical economics debate, albeit one that, like many economics debates, had some political implications.
So, I guess we know how that turned out. Although maybe not, since I constantly encounter people — including investors! — who insist that I've been wrong about everything. (A lot of this seems to depend on assertions that I made predictions I never actually made).
Also, who you gonna bet on?
Manchester - Pep Guardiola has indicated he will look to Europe and beyond for new Manchester City players this summer because English talent costs too much.
Guardiola has signed eight players since becoming City's manager last July but only one was produced in England, reflecting a larger issue in the Premier League - the small pool of homegrown players.
Defender John Stones cost £47.5 million ($58 million, €55 million) from Everton in August, making him significantly more expensive than exciting Brazil centre-forward Gabriel Jesus, brought in from Palmeiras for a "mere" £27 million.
Guardiola believes there is a premium on Englishmen in the Premier League that is preventing him from fielding more homegrown players.
"I would like to have all English players, people don't believe me, but they are so expensive," the Spaniard told a news conference on Tuesday. "I would like to play with them.
"When I was at Barcelona I liked to field local players because they feel something special for the club, but sometimes it is not possible."
However, Guardiola - who in between his Barcelona and City stints managed Bayern Munich - added: "The market is the market.
"That is why the club has worked with the academy for a long time to be thinking about the next years - with me or without me. I hope with me.
"I would like to enjoy working with the four or five guys who are growing and play them."
— Ryan Banks first came to Steamboat Springs five years ago to serve as an assistant leader for Rocky Mountain Youth Corps.
Partial list of local impacts related to Trump's proposed budget: Advocates Building Peaceful Communities — Possible cuts to Victims of Crime Act funding, significantly impacting services. Northwest Colorado Legal Services — Proposed funding cuts to the Legal Services Corporation and Violence against Women Act funding would significantly impact the amount and level of services the office would be able to provide. Northwest Colorado Center for Independence — Funding cuts proposed as part of the American Health Care Act would eliminate the organization's ability to bill Medicaid for home and community-based long-term services and supports including independent living skills training, employment support and medical transportation. Partners in Routt County — Elimination of five AmeriCorps members ($70,000 in funding for those positions and $26,000 in education awards), who in turn impact 50 target students in local schools and 350 students at eight school sites who benefit from during and after-school programs. Rocky Mountain Youth Corps — Elimination of AmeriCorps funding, leading to a 50 to 75 percent reduction in programming. Recommended Stories For You
The pay wasn't much, but Banks was eligible for AmeriCorps education awards, and in two years, with service-based AmeriCorps, he earned $8,000 toward paying off his student loans from the University of Wisconsin.
"I was looking for a situation where I could earn money to pay off my student loans and do something related to the career I wanted to get into," said Banks, 29, who studied elementary education and environmental studies in college.
His first projects, while based in Steamboat Springs, included fuel mitigation as part of a chainsaw crew on Independence Pass and building a fence in Dinosaur National Monument.
Rocky Mountain Youth Corps bids on jobs like these around the region, using their lower-paid workers, many of whom receive education awards, to complete public lands projects that might otherwise be done by the government at a higher price.
Banks, now a conservation corps program manager for Rocky Mountain Youth Corps, can't speak highly enough of the local organization and of AmeriCorps — programs he believes changed his life and even helped him meet his future wife, Caroline.
But the programs Banks shows such support for may soon cease to exist, if cuts proposed in President Donald Trump's budget come to fruition.
Among Trump's proposed cuts is a complete elimination of AmeriCorps, along with the rest of the Corporation for National and Community Service — a federal agency established by Bill Clinton in 1990 to support service work and volunteering across the country.
The cut is part of a number of targeted discretionary spending cuts in Trump's preliminary budget that would help offset a $54 billion increase in defense spending next year without increasing the national debt.
Other cuts include a 21 percent reduction to the Department of Agriculture and U.S. Forest Service and a 14 percent cut to education, including elimination of the 21st Century Community Learning Centers program, which supports before- and after-school programs and summer programs for students.
Without AmeriCorps, Rocky Mountain Youth Corps would lose $220,000 annually — money the organization uses for employee wages. If that cut occurs, those employees would no longer be eligible for $120,000 typically given in education awards, dramatically changing the organization, according to Executive Director Gretchen Van De Carr.
The organization would have to pay its remaining, non-AmeriCorps employees more to offset the lost education awards, leading to less competitive bids for jobs and a smaller organization overall.
Van De Carr said she estimates the elimination of AmeriCorps and other potential federal cuts could lead to a 50 to 75 percent reduction in Rocky Mountain Youth Corps programming.
And the organization isn't the only in Routt County facing impacts if the proposed federal budget cuts are approved by Congress.
Partners in Routt County would also lose its five AmeriCorps school-based mentors, eliminating services for targeted students who need social, emotional or academic support.
Partners Executive Director Michelle Petix said its part of the organization's mission to teach students to be resilient in their lives, and the organization is choosing to do the same.
"We're going to be proactive and look at all the different options that may exist," Petix said. "We'll look at scale and scope, and we've been positioning ourselves to be more diversified and sustainable anyway."
The preliminary budget is serving as an outline for Congress, and a full budget will be released in May.
To reach Teresa Ristow, call 970-871-4206, email tristow@SteamboatToday.com or follow her on Twitter @TeresaRistow
The international criminal court's chief prosecutor has said she is “deeply concerned” about reports of extrajudicial killings of suspected drug dealers and users in the Philippines.
Fatou Bensouda also said that statements by “high officials” in the Asian nation “seem to condone such killings”.
Bensouda's written statement appeared to be aimed as a blunt warning to the Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte, whose anti-drug crackdown has left an estimated 3,000 people allegedly involved in the drug trade dead.
The Philippines is a member state of the international criminal court, the world's first global court prosecuting war crimes and crimes against humanity, so crimes committed there could be prosecuted at the institution, which is based in The Hague.
“Any person in the Philippines who incites or engages in acts of mass violence including by ordering, requesting, encouraging or contributing, in any other manner, to the commission of crimes within the jurisdiction of the ICC is potentially liable to prosecution before the court,” Bensouda said.
'He's vulgar – but honest': Filipinos on Duterte's first 100 days in office Read more
In the Philippine capital, Manila, Duterte exuded confidence in a speech late on Thursday, saying he could easily parry any criminal investigation into the killings. He said he had written letters to invite the US president, Barack Obama, and secretary of state, John Kerry, and UN and EU officials to the Philippines to investigate him, but warned that he would publicly humiliate them by disproving their allegations.
As he had been a trial lawyer for eight years, “they cannot be brighter than me, believe me”, he said, adding that after he had been investigated, he should be allowed to grill his inquisitors.
“I will play with you in public. I will ask five questions that will humiliate you. And I will ask 10 questions for you to agree with me,” Duterte said in a speech at a business conference. “It would be a spectacle. You better watch it all … It will give you an entertainment.”
EU lawyers alleging he may be criminally liable for threatening criminals with death are “idiots”, Duterte said. He has said there is no Philippine law barring presidents from doing that.
Human rights advocates, however, say Duterte swore during his inauguration in June to ensure the execution of Philippine laws, some of which prohibit serious threats, especially death, towards people. The constitution also prohibits any cruel and inhumane punishments, including the death penalty.
Bensouda said her office would closely monitor developments in the Philippines in coming weeks with a view to establishing whether she should open a preliminary investigation.
Since becoming president in June, Duterte has drawn widespread criticism for his country's deadly war on drugs.
Last week, the White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the US remained “deeply concerned by reports of widespread extrajudicial killings by or at the behest of government authorities in the Philippines. The use of that kind of tactic is entirely inconsistent with universal human rights and the shared values of our two countries.”
Mozilla has renamed the oft-delayed Firefox 3.1 to Firefox 3.5 and said a fourth beta of the browser is slated for a 14 April release.
A possible name change has been batted around inside Mozilla Towers for several weeks, but the outfit finally confirmed the decision yesterday.
“As recently proposed, the version number of the Shiretoko project will be changed to Firefox 3.5 before the upcoming fourth beta release,” said Firefox director Mike Beltzner on the corporation's developer blog.
The number of new features that have been packed into the upcoming version of Internet Explorer's closest rival meant it was necessary to reflect those changes in the name, said Mozilla's engineering veep Mike Shaver last week.
"The increase in scope represented by TraceMonkey and Private Browsing, plus the sheer volume of work that's gone into everything from video and layout to places and the plugin service make it a larger increment than we believe is reasonable to label 3.1," he said.
Mozilla posted a proposed timeline for its developers to move various systems from Firefox 3.1 to Firefox 3.5 on the corporation's wiki yesterday.
It details the planned changes to the release, which has already been hit by several delays due to show-stopping bugs.
In January Mozilla was unable to confirm when it would release the third beta of Firefox 3.1 after 15 nasty bugs were discovered in TraceMonkey, which is the firm's new JavaScript Engine. Beta 3 is expected to land this Thursday and will be the final Firefox release to carry the 3.1 tag.
“It's important to note that 3.5 represents a better labeling of our current scope, and not an indication that we intend to significantly increase this release's scope any further,” said Shaver.
But the version switcheroo could ruffle feathers among the wider developer community, where some have grumbled about the number of delays the corporation has already hit with its upcoming browser release.
Last summer it was a slightly different story when Mozilla's platform evangelist Mark Finkle insisted on his blog that the transition to Firefox 3.1 wouldn't be “a major pain-in-the-ass”, and pledged developers wouldn't be hit by “surprises along the way”. ®
KD Interactive has launched several kid-friendly Android tablets over the years, and the latest iteration of the vendor's efforts in this segment, the Kurio Xtreme 2, is touted as its most durable yet. The $129 tablet features modest specifications, with the major highlight being Android 5.0 .
The Kurio Xtreme 2 has a bumper surrounding the sides that provides a decent level of protection against tumbles and falls. The built-in kickstand makes the tablet ideal for media consumption. The vendor's bundling 18 Kurio Motion 2.0 games, which involve basic motion tracking aimed at getting kids up and moving.
Content is readily available for streaming from Spotify, YouTube Kids, Toon Goggles and Netflix, Skype, and there's access to a kid-friendly version of email as well. Parents will be able to set time-based restrictions and filter access to websites, and there's a built-in Kurio Guard filtering system that automatically blocks inappropriate content.
Specs include a 7-inch 1024 x 600 display with five-point touch, quad-core MediaTek MTK8127 SoC, 1GB RAM, 16GB internal memory, microSD slot, 2.1MP camera at the back, 0.3MP front camera, 2,820mAh battery and micro-HDMI, which allows you to connect the tablet to a TV.
The Kurio Xtreme 2 is now available for purchase from Toys "R" Us.
Buy Kurio Xtreme 2 from Toys "R" Us ($129)
A Bethesda chef is bringing his French brasserie to Fells Point.
Duck Duck Goose, which has a location in Bethesda, is opening in Bad Decisions' original space at Fleet and Washington streets.
Owned by chef Ashish “Al” Alfred, Duck Duck Goose offers French fare and small plates.
Alfred grew up in Montgomery County and spent time in Baltimore as a teenager. He moved from Bethesda to Canton earlier this year in anticipation of the new restaurant's opening.
“I found Charm City very charming from a very young age, so [it was] kind of always a dream for me to have a place here,” he said.
Alfred attended the French Culinary Institute, now known as the International Culinary Center, in New York. Prior to opening the first Duck Duck Goose last April, Alfred opened 4935 Bar & Kitchen, also in Bethesda. He's currently transforming the first floor of that space into a steak house, George's Chophouse, set to open this summer. The second floor will become an event venue.
The menu at the new Duck Duck Goose will be similar to the original bistro, which offers dishes such as dry-aged duck, Cabernet-braised short ribs and quail. The menu will change seasonally and cater to local customers.
“What's on the menu, what's on the cocktail list — it's determined by the neighborhood,” Alfred said.
Alfred said he hopes to take advantage of the large bar in the former Bad Decisions space, which will offer a more extensive selection than the first location.
“The bar is a really old bar,” he said. “Instead of tearing it down, we do want to try to repurpose it to fit our needs.”
The garde manger station will be housed behind the bar, with an open kitchen in the back of the building.
“The kitchen here is little bit smaller so I think we're going to have to get kind of creative with what we're going to be able to do,” he said.
In addition to cosmetic updates, he plans to brighten the dark space by opening the wall facing Washington Street.
Following renovations, Alfred hopes to have his second Duck Duck Goose open by the end of the year.
It will seat about 42 guests.
The restaurant will turn a page in Fells Point at a spot that housed Bad Decisions for eight years. The bar, known for its clever cocktails and bacon nights, relocated from its original home at 1928 Fleet St. to the former Get Down space at 701 S. Broadway last August. It closed for good in February.
CAPTION Actor Kevin Spacey has been spotted in Baltimore recently. Scheduled to appear in court Jan. 7 in Nantucket to be arraigned on the indecent assault and battery charges, Spacey could face as many as five years in prison if convicted. Actor Kevin Spacey has been spotted in Baltimore recently. Scheduled to appear in court Jan. 7 in Nantucket to be arraigned on the indecent assault and battery charges, Spacey could face as many as five years in prison if convicted. CAPTION Dirt bike riders were seen zipping down North Monroe Street in West Baltimore and popping wheelies Tuesday while filming a movie scene. Based on a casting call posted to the Maryland Film Office's website , it appears the “ride scenes” were shot for the feature film “Charm City,” alternately called “12 O'Clock Boys.” The film will reportedly be executive produced by Will Smith and is based on the 2013 documentary “12 O'Clock Boys” directed by Maryland Institute College of Art alum Lotfy Nathan. Dirt bike riders were seen zipping down North Monroe Street in West Baltimore and popping wheelies Tuesday while filming a movie scene. Based on a casting call posted to the Maryland Film Office's website , it appears the “ride scenes” were shot for the feature film “Charm City,” alternately called “12 O'Clock Boys.” The film will reportedly be executive produced by Will Smith and is based on the 2013 documentary “12 O'Clock Boys” directed by Maryland Institute College of Art alum Lotfy Nathan.
smeehan@baltsun.com
twitter.com/sarahvmeehan
MORE BALTIMORE DINER
100 essential food and drink experiences every Baltimorean must try
Map: 10 hot Baltimore restaurants
Dish Baltimore: Search Baltimore Sun-reviewed restaurants
We're only a few frenzied games away from crowning our very first Heroes of the Storm World Champions on the BlizzCon stage, but before our final teams square off in the Nexus, we‘ve got some exciting news to share with you about our plans for the 2016 Heroes of the Storm Global Championship Circuit!
Global Championship Circuit Basic Structure
We're going to hold three Global Championships over the course of 2016—one in spring, another during summer, and the third during fall. In order to earn one of the twelve open spots at each of these events, teams must first brawl their way to the top of their respective regions, which will include Australia/New Zealand, China, Europe, Korea, Latin America, North America, Southeast Asia, and Taiwan.
Regional competitions will function independently from one another, with unique formats and structures, so that each region can determine the absolute best teams that they have to offer. Additionally, in order to help feed players and teams into regional competition, we're going to not only hold open qualifiers, but will also partner up with major tournament organizers to run sanctioned third party tournaments as part of the Global Championship Circuit.
Building Sustainability
During 2015, teams from all around the world faced off on the action-packed Road to BlizzCon, and we're incredibly proud of everything they accomplished during our pilot year for Heroes of the Storm esports. Next year, we have a number of goals that we want to achieve in order to create an even better system for Heroes competition.
For starters, we'd like to put even stronger support systems in place so that existing teams can continue to thrive, create a more sustainable esports environment where new teams can emerge, as well as provide individual, high-MMR players who have not yet jumped into esports with even more opportunities to show they have what it takes to compete on a global stage.
What's more, by supporting third party tournaments and open qualifiers in each region, we hope to create in-region infrastructure and competitions that will offer teams from all over the world the chance to test their mettle in the Global Championship Circuit. We'd also like to create even more epic moments throughout the year, where viewers can watch and cheer on their favorite teams as regional champions battle each other in the Nexus.
If you and your teammates are hoping to join the fray next year, then grab your keyboards and start practicing now! The competition begins in January, and our first Global Championship kicks off later in the spring, with a prize pool of $500,000 USD. Stay tuned to this site for more details over the coming weeks, and make sure to catch this year's World Championship Grand Finals LIVE by heading to BlizzCon.com right now!
Image copyright The Times
US President-elect Donald Trump has said German Chancellor Angela Merkel made "one very catastrophic mistake" by admitting more than 1m migrants.
He said Mrs Merkel was by far Europe's most important leader, and that the EU had become a vehicle for Germany.
Mr Trump was giving details of his foreign policy goals in an interview with British and German newspapers.
He told the Times and Bild his priority was to create fairer trade deals for the US and have strong borders.
He said the US had to address its trade deficit with the rest of the world, particularly with China.
The emphasis for his administration should be smart trade, rather than free trade, he said.
The interview was conducted for the Times by UK MP Michael Gove, who played a key role in the Vote Leave campaign that led to Brexit, and who also has a column in the newspaper.
An image of Mr Gove and Mr Trump giving a thumbs-up at New York's Trump Tower, where they met, was shared on Twitter.
Trump: UK doing great after Brexit vote
What will Trump's foreign policy look like?
Six ways the world could change
Asked about a possible deal with Russia, Mr Trump said nuclear weapons should be part of it and "reduced very substantially", in return for lifting US sanctions.
Turning to the Middle East, he condemned the 2003 invasion of Iraq as possibly the worst decision ever made in the history of the country, and said safe zones should have been created within Syria and paid for by the United States' Gulf allies.
In a separate interview with the Washington Post, Mr Trump said he was close to finalising a replacement for President Barack Obama's healthcare programme, the Affordable Care Act.
He gave few details, other than saying there would be healthcare for everybody and that costs would be lower.
He said he was waiting for his nominee for health secretary, Tom Price, to be confirmed, before unveiling the plan.
Trump's interview: Key points
Brexit: It was a "smart" decision by the UK
UK-US trade deals: "We're gonna get something done very quickly"
Angela Merkel: She made a "catastrophic mistake" by letting in 1m migrants
The EU: "It's basically a vehicle for Germany" and other countries will also leave because of anger over immigration
Nato: It's "obsolete" but "very important to me" and other members should pay "their fair share"
Iran nuclear deal: It's "one of the dumbest deals I have ever seen"
Iraq war: It was "like throwing rocks into a beehive"
Twitter: "I'll keep it [as president] - I can go bing, bing bing" and respond to "dishonest" news
Mr Trump also spoke about the UK and Brexit, saying he thought the UK was "so smart in getting out" of the EU.
"Countries want their own identity and the UK wanted its own identity," he said.
"I think you're doing great, I think it's going great."
He predicted that more countries would follow the same path.
"I think people want . . . their own identity, so if you ask me ... I believe others will leave."
Image copyright The Times Image caption Mr Trump was interviewed by former UK Justice Secretary Michael Gove for The Times and Bild's Kai Diekmann
During the interview, the president-elect said he thought Mrs Merkel was the "by far the most important European leader".
"If you look at the European Union, it's Germany - it's basically a vehicle for Germany," he said.
"I think she made one very catastrophic mistake and that was taking all of these illegals."
He linked the migrant issue with the UK referendum vote to leave the EU.
"I do believe this, if they [EU countries] hadn't been forced to take in all of the refugees, so many, with all the problems that it . . . entails, I think that you wouldn't have a Brexit.
"It probably could have worked out but this was the final straw, this was the final straw that broke the camel's back."
He repeated his vow to be tough on immigration into the US.
"People don't want to have other people coming in and destroying their country. In this country we are going to go very strong borders from the day I get in," he said.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Trump said the number of migrants in Europe - such as these, pictured in Calais last year - was making Europeans angry
He also stressed that he would "start off trusting both Russian President Vladimir Putin and Mrs Merkel" on taking office, but would "see how long that lasts".
Talking about international security, Mr Trump argued that he had said "a long time ago that Nato had problems".
"One; that it was obsolete because it was designed many many years ago, and number two; that the countries weren't paying what they're supposed to pay."
He said that only five countries were paying what they should into the Nato budget.
"Five. It's not much... With that being said, Nato is very important to me."
The president-elect was also asked if he would continue to use Twitter after his inauguration, and said he would keep up his habit of publishing streams of messages on the social network.
"It's working - and the tweeting, I thought I'd do less of it, but I'm covered so dishonestly by the press, so dishonestly," he said. "I can go bing bing bing . . . and they put it on and as soon as I tweet it out. This morning on television [channel] Fox: 'Donald Trump, we have breaking news'."
An extraordinarily slender galaxy
The NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope has imaged a striking galaxy called NGC 4452, which appears to lie exactly edge-on as seen from Earth. The result is an extraordinary picture of billions of stars observed from an unusual angle. The bright nucleus can be seen at the centre, along with the very thin disc that looks like a straight line from our unusual viewing position. To complete the picture, a hazy halo of stars on the periphery of the galaxy makes it seem to glow.
NGC 4452 was first seen by William Herschel in 1784 with his 47 cm telescope in England. He described the object as a bright nebula, small and very much elongated. The new Hubble image shows just how elongated this unusual object really is.
Galaxies are like star cities, and typically contain many billions of stars. The American astronomer Edwin Hubble, after whom the Hubble Space Telescope is named, was the first person to prove that there are other galaxies beyond our own by measuring their distances. This work, done in the 1920s, forever changed our view of the Universe.
Galaxies also belong to collections that are called galaxy clusters. NGC 4452 is part of the Virgo Cluster, so-called because many of its members appear in the constellation of Virgo (the Maiden). This enormous grouping is approximately 60 million light-years distant and contains around 2000 galaxies.
It is thought that the Local Group of galaxies, to which our own Milky Way belongs, is on the fringes of the Virgo Cluster, and at some point in the far future the Local Group may be pulled slowly into the Virgo Cluster by the force of gravity. Large numbers of much more remote, faint galaxies, far beyond NGC 4452 and the Virgo Cluster, appear in the background of this image.
This picture of NGC 4452 was created from images taken using the Wide Field Channel on Hubble's Advanced Camera for Surveys. This picture was made from images through blue (F475W, coloured blue) and near-infrared (F850LP, coloured red) filters. The exposures times were 750 s and 1210 s respectively. The field of view extends over 2.6 arcminutes.
For other uses, see Snafu
SNAFU is an acronym that is widely used to stand for the sarcastic expression Situation Normal: All Fucked Up. It is a well-known example of military acronym slang; however the original military acronym stood for "Status Nominal: All Fucked Up." It is sometimes bowdlerized to "all fouled up" or similar.[1] It means that the situation is bad, but that this is a normal state of affairs. The acronym is believed to have originated in the United States Marine Corps during World War II.
In modern usage, SNAFU is sometimes used as an interjection. SNAFU also sometimes refers to a bad situation, mistake, or cause of trouble. It is more commonly used in modern vernacular to describe running into an error or problem that is large and unexpected. For example, in 2005, The New York Times published an article titled "Hospital Staff Cutback Blamed for Test Result Snafu".[2]
Origin [ edit ]
SNAFU was first recorded in American Notes and Queries in their September 1941 issue.[3] Time magazine used the term in their June 16, 1942 issue: "Last week U.S. citizens knew that gasoline rationing and rubber requisitioning were snafu."[3] Most reference works, including the Random House Unabridged Dictionary, supply an origin date of 1940–1944, generally attributing it to the U.S. Army. Rick Atkinson ascribes the origin of SNAFU, FUBAR, and a bevy of other terms to cynical GIs ridiculing the Army's penchant for acronyms.[4]
The attribution of SNAFU to the American military is not universally accepted: it has also been attributed to the British,[5] although the Oxford English Dictionary gives its origin and first recorded use as U.S. military slang.[3]
In a wider study of military slang, Elkin noted in 1946 that there "are a few acceptable substitutes such as 'screw up' or 'mess up,' but these do not have the emphasis value of the obscene equivalent." He considered the expression to be "a caricature of Army direction. The soldier resignedly accepts his own less responsible position and expresses his cynicism at the inefficiency of Army authority." He also noted that "the expression […] is coming into general civilian use."[6]
Similar acronyms [ edit ]
SUSFU [ edit ]
SUSFU is an acronym for Situation unchanged: still fucked up, but can also be bowdlerized—just like SNAFU—to Situation unchanged: still fouled up or similar. It is used in a military context, was first recorded in the American Notes and Queries in their September 1941 issue.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Wide receivers and contract squabbles happen often enough in Pittsburgh. It's a good problem to have, because it means the team has at least one good wide receiver. He wouldn't be brazen enough to demand more money unless he was worth it.
Antonio Brown is worth it. So was Hines Ward in 2005. Mike Wallace may not have been worth the $60 million deal he eventually signed with the Dolphins, but he was worth more than the restricted free agency tender he was given by the Steelers.
Ward and Wallace both missed at least a portion of training camp – Wallace skipped all of it in 2012.
Brown's situation is different. He already signed a high-dollar contract extension. Incidentally, the money that had been reportedly earmarked for Wallace went to Brown as soon as Wallace turned their offer down.
Word was Wallace turned down a $50 million deal over five years. The Steelers shortened that up a bit, down to $41.7 million, kept the same amount of years but only gave him a signing bonus of $8.5 million.
So Brown got the lesser deal, and he's outplayed that deal in the first three years of it. It's understandable why he wants to make the point now that he expects to be paid as one of the best wide receivers in the league.
That's reasonable because he is, in fact, one of the best receivers in the league. When Randall Cobb gets paid more than him, something's not lining up correctly.
That's how the market works, and while the Steelers had leverage over Brown, who was playing on a rookie contract he signed as a sixth round pick in 2010.
It's clear why he took the contract he was given, but the team flashed the best deal he was going to be offered, which was not necessarily one he could have gotten on the open market. Hindsight is 20/20, and after two seasons in which Brown broke the team's previous receiving yards record twice and the single season receptions record once, he wants to take a public stance of displeasure with what's left on his contract.
Ward and Wallace skipped mandatory practice. Brown is skipping what he's not obligated to attend.
Message delivered. Stay tuned, though, because a big piece of the Steelers' rebuilt salary cap depends on Brown remaining relatively affordable over the next two seasons.
Von Jürgen Fritz
„Dagegen werden wir klagen“ posaunte FDP-Chef Christian Lindner noch kurz vor der Bundestagswahl, so man ihn auf das Netzwerkdurchsetzungsgesetz (Maas-Zensurgesetz) ansprach. Doch davon ist nach der Wahl nicht viel geblieben. Grund genug für den ehemaligen Bundesgeschäftsführer Fritz Goergen hart mit der FDP ins Gericht zu gehen.
Die FDP möge nie wieder von Freiheit und Recht sprechen
Fritz Goergen (Geburtsname: Fritz Fliszar) war von 1975 bis 1979 zuerst stellvertretender dann 1979 bis 1983 Bundesgeschäftsführer der FDP. Sehr erfolgreich leitete er die FDP-Wahlkampagne im Landtagswahlkampf 2000 in Nordrhein-Westfalen, bei welcher die FDP sich von 4,0 auf 9,8 Prozent verbessern konnte. Für Jürgen Möllemann konzipierte er 2001 als Strategieberater die „Strategie 18“. Ein Jahr später wurde er dann Strategieberater von Guido Westerwelle, bevor er nach der Bundestagswahl 2002 aus der FDP austrat.
Auf Tichys Einblick, wo er eine eigene Kolumne hat, rechnet Goergen heute gnadenlos mit seiner ehemaligen Partei ab. Er schreibt, die FDP wolle einen Jamaika-Vertrag unterschreiben, ohne ein sofortiges Ende des Maas'schen Zensur-Gesetzes überhaupt auch nur zu versuchen oder gar zur Koalitionsbedingung zu machen. Künftig möge sie nie wieder von Freiheit und Recht sprechen.
Der Liberalismus trage sich selbst zu Grabe
Heiko Maas (SPD) habe ein politisch vergiftetes Erbe hinterlassen. Lindner, Kubicki & die FDP wollten die Erbschaft aber offensichtlich antreten. Damit aber trage sich der Rest des „organisierten Liberalismus“ selbst zu Grabe. Denn wie das Handelsblatt heute berichtet, sollen die Jamaika-Unterhändler sich im Grundsatz darauf verständigt haben, am umstrittenen Gesetz zum härteren Vorgehen „gegen Hass und Hetze im Internet“ festzuhalten. „Dagegen werden wir klagen“ habe der FDP-Chef Lindner kurz vor der Bundestagswahl das Netzwerkdurchsetzungsgesetz ins Visier genommen, so das Handelsblatt weiter. In den Jamaika-Sondierungen scheint von der harten Haltung nicht viel übrig geblieben zu sein. In Details soll es nach dem Willen von CDU, CSU, FDP und GRÜNEN zwar kleine Änderungen geben, zugleich hätten die Jamaika-Partner aber die Notwendigkeit einer gesetzlichen Regelung unterstrichen.
Dabei habe der Chef der Jungen Liberalen, Konstantin Kuhle, sich erst am Freitag für eine Rücknahme des NetzDG ausgesprochen, berichtet das Handelsblatt weiter. Man brauche nicht immer wieder neue Gesetze, die zur Einschränkung der persönlichen Freiheiten führten. „Ich könnte mir vorstellen, dass man das Netzwerkdurchsetzungsgesetz abschafft, das gerade von der Großen Koalition eingeführt worden ist“, sagte Kuhle gestern erst den Stuttgarter Nachrichten.
Wieder nur viel heiße Luft von der FDP?
Ich selbst hatte hier schon vor zwei Monaten darüber berichtet, was von den Ankündigungen von Lindner und der FDP zu halten sei, das Maas-Zensur-Gesetz wieder zurückzunehmen. Ich ließ durchblicken, dass Christian Lindner einer der Größten von allen ist, wenn es darum geht, Sprüche zu klopfen und großartige Ankündigungen zu machen, dass aber nicht erwartet werden dürfe, die FDP – die ich übrigens fast 20 Jahre lang gewählt habe – würde dies tatsächlich umsetzen. Joachim Steinhöfel hatte Christian Lindner bereits zwei Wochen vor der Bundestagswahl durch geschicktes Nachfragen entlarvt und es war klar, dass von der FDP außer heißer Luft hier nicht viel kommen würde.
Doch zurück zu dem ehemaligen Bundesgeschäftsführer Fritz Goergen, der sich ähnlich enttäuscht zeigt von seiner ehemaligen Partei. Ein Mitglied der Partei, die im Zweifel gegen jede Privatisierung sei (SPD), habe nicht nur die Verfolgung von „hate speech“ initiiert, sondern beauftrage damit private Einrichtungen, die Maas und andere aus der SPD in der Regierung unter Missbrauch von Steuermitteln finanzierten, so Goergen. Und wie es in diesen privaten Einrichtungen zugeht, darüber hat der Chefredakteur von Die Unbestechlichen Hanno Vollenweider hier mehr als beeindruckend berichtet: Wie Facebook im Auftrag der Regierung die Demokratie bekämpft – eine Insiderin packt aus.
Ein politisches Verbrechen gegen die Herrschaft des Rechts
Wie verrückt das Ganze aber wird und wie offensichtlich alle Altparteien, egal welcher Couleur zusammenarbeiten und gegen all ihre Grundsätze verstoßen, wenn es nur darum geht, Kritiker mundtot zu machen respektive vollständig aus dem öffentlichen Diskurs auszuschalten, das macht Goergen mit folgenden Worten deutlich: Zwei Mitglieder einer Partei, die im Zweifel für jede Privatisierung sei (FDP), schluckten das Zensurgesetz auf dem Weg in die Schwampel Jamaika. Maas, der für die Herrschaft des Rechts innerhalb des Bundeskabinetts Verantwortung getragen habe, der Wächter darüber sein sollte, dass die Justiz unbestechlich und unabhängig gleiches Recht für alle walten lässt, verordnete die Verfolgung und Ächtung von Andersdenkenden. Und alle in diesem Kabinett von Merkel angefangen ließen es geschehen, dass gleiches Recht für alle in dieser Republik zur hohlen Phrase verkam, so Goergen. Fehle nur noch, dass demnächst ein FDP-Mitglied das Maas'sche Erbe im Justizministerium verwalte.
Vor ein paar Wochen habe er, Goergen, noch geschrieben: „Auf welchen politischen Treibsand auch immer versucht werden wird, das politische Ungetüm namens Jamaika zu gründen, das politische Verbrechen gegen die Herrschaft des Rechts, dessen sich Heiko Maas schuldig gemacht hat und alle anderen in Regierung und Parlament durch ihre Duldung bis Mitwirkung, kann von Jamaika nicht überboten werden.“
FDP, Freiheit und Recht passen nicht mehr zusammen
Doch er habe sich geirrt. Die FDP wolle einen Jamaika-Vertrag unterschreiben, ohne ein sofortiges Ende des Maas'schen Zensur-Gesetzes überhaupt auch nur zu versuchen, ohne die sofortige Außerkraftsetzung des NetzDG und all dessen, was sonst noch zur Zerstörung des Rechts getan wurde, überhaupt in Erwägung zu ziehen. Dies müsste eine echte liberale Partei zur Koalitionsbedingung machen. Wer so handle, der sei zu noch mehr politischen Verbrechen gegen den Geist des Liberalismus fähig. Und Fritz Goergen, der ehemalige Bundesgeschäftsführer der FDP, endet mit den Worten: „Künftig mögen Lindner, Kubicki & FDP die Worte Freiheit und Recht nie wieder in den Mund nehmen.“
Dem habe ich, als langjähriger FDP-Wähler nichts hinzuzufügen außer diesem: Recht hat er, der Herr Goergen.
Filmische Umsetzung des Textes
Hier die filmische Umsetzung von Epoch Times, wo der Artikel ebenfalls erschien:
*
Bild: Youtube-Screenshot
**
Spendenbitte: Wenn Sie diesen Blog (völlig werbefrei) und meine Arbeit wichtig finden und finanziell unterstützen möchten, dann können Sie entweder einmalig oder regelmäßig einen Betrag Ihrer Wahl auf das folgende Konto überweisen.
Jürgen Fritz, IBAN: DE44 5001 0060 0170 9226 04, BIC: PBNKDEFF, Verwendungszweck: Spende für Blog. Oder über PayPal – 5 EUR – 10 EUR – 25 EUR – 50 EUR – 100 EUR
The 'Community' and 'Mad Men' star leads the upcoming '80s-set series from 'Orange Is the New Black' creator Jenji Kohan.
Meet the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling — aka GLOW.
The first photos of Netflix's 1980s female wrestling comedy, released exclusively to The Hollywood Reporter, show Alison Brie making her debut as Ruth Wilder, a struggling and out-of-work actress who eventually goes on to create the first women's wrestling TV show.
The 10-episode Netflix series, which hails from Orange Is the New Black creator Jenji Kohan, is inspired by the real GLOW, a professional women's wrestling TV series that ran from 1986 to 1990. The original show took its inspiration from Barbarella's, Jackie Stallone's gym for women, and ran for four seasons.
The Netflix version brings back the big hair and body slams in its quasi-revival of the phenomenon but is told through the fictionalized Ruth, who finds one last chance for stardom when she's thrust into the glitter and spandex world of women's wrestling, ultimately forming the weekly series. Think: a Cinderella story with a wrestling ring as a chariot.
The first images show Brie, along with fellow castmembers Marc Maron and Betty Gilpin, both in and out of the ring in 1985 Los Angeles. In addition to working with 12 Hollywood misfits, Ruth also has to compete with Debbie Eagan (Gilpin), a former soap actress who left show business to have a baby, only to be sucked back into work when her picture-perfect life is not what it seems. Comedian and podcaster Maron plays trainer Sam Sylvia, a washed-up, B-movie director who now must lead this group of women on the journey to wrestling stardom.
GLOW was created by Liz Flahive (Homeland, Nurse Jackie) and Carly Mensch (Nurse Jackie, Orange Is the New Black, Weeds). Kohan and Tara Herrmann executive produce alongside co-showrunners Flahive and Mensch.
The half-hour comedy releases on Netflix June 23.
Check out the images — including a bodysuit-wearing Brie getting a beatdown — below.
Jeon Hyo Sung and Oh My Girl returned with new singles this week touching on similar subjects. That classic idea of first love is something that is easy to fawn at, to claim you've heard it all before. That's the thing about a topic as universal as this is that will always warrant new expressions from new experiences. These two very different female artists approaching the same idea means we almost certainly see something fresh. If not maybe the music will make you fall in love with the girls anyway (it definitely will).
Despite Secret being around for so long now, Hyo Sungs's solo career is still young and often wildly overlooked. Her lullaby trap anthem “Goodnight Kiss” and silky smooth “Into You” are masterful works in overt but not desperate sexiness. She pulls off songs and concepts without being too talented at any given skill needed for a popstar. With her new single “Find Me” Hyo Sung continues her challenge to be the new and improved Son Dambi.
Oh My Girl on the other hand are a very young group with 2016 being only their second year in K-pop. They, however, are rising fast and are in their own battle with Twice to be the next Girls' Generation. While they don't have the same big company backing them like their opponents, they do have a quirky identity that is all their own. They also have two of the best songs of last year under their belt already so with new single “Liar Liar”, Oh My Girl look to stake a permanent place in the minds of K-pop fans.
Hyo Sung “Find Me”
Hyo Sung is clearly taking advantage of Eurovision fever (the songs in the contest are currently being announced) with this Euro pop romp. “Find Me” mixes three major musical elements to tell a story of true love. A house beat and hand claps sustain the whole song while piano arrangements and synths deliver the big moments. That beat allows those sounds to pick up tempo and sound a little brighter. Usually a combo of piano and synths is used for more melancholic or subdued sounds but here it can flourish. It also contains my favourite detail from any song so far this year, the flute whisper in the chorus.
“Find Me” moves away from Hyo Sung's last single “Into You” in an interesting way thematically. Love is such a common theme in pop music but is everlasting because of its diverse nature. Everyone reacts to it differently and Hyo Sung is showing that even first love can be varied for the same person. Where “Into You” had a more inquisitive sensual feeling of the latent sexual possibilities found in a new love, “Find Me” traces a more euphoric emotion, one filled with romance and comfort. The music reflects this brilliantly. “Find Me” bursts into life with a crash of piano, synth, and vocal. It rises from there into a chorus of unrestrained joy led by Hyo Sung's beautifully emotive voice.
Oh My Girl “Liar Liar”
Oh My Girl also tackle new love but in a decidedly more adolescent way on “Liar Liar.” The girls are starting to think they “kinda like” a boy but are too afraid to confess to him. For young girls like Oh My Girl, this is as dramatic it gets. And as Seunghee sings, it's an “emotional roller coaster.” To convey these feelings with music, Oh My Girl go back to their debut “Cupid.” From the cheerleader group vocals and drumlines, it's easy to see this as “Cupid” 2.0 but with added bubblegum. This sound is perfect for those feelings though. The chaotic energy of it feels totally adolescent while not being too childish. Also, “Cupid” was maybe my favourite song of last year so I'll take a retread of it anytime.
That being said, there are a few improvements that make “Liar Liar” even more worthwhile. The vocals notable are much better. The trinity of Hyo Jung, Seunghee, and YooA are as good as ever, but first time I noticed some of the others playing an actually worthwhile part in the song. Notably, Arin and JinE make a contribution by not being amazing singers but sounding very much like the teenage girls that they are.
The music video is an absolute delight as well. The single coloured crayola sets are fantastic and weird. The fight between all the girls to deem each other liars is so much much fun. Especially the staring contest between Seunghee and Hyo Jung as they hold pictures of the same boy (who I think is labelmate Gongchan from B1A4) that they like. The camera swings around both of them cutting between opposite sides of the table bringing energy to their stillness.
Overall
Hyo Sung and Oh My Girl tackle similar themes with completely different outcomes here. What makes them work for both parties is that they both stick to what works for them as artists. Hyo Sung is a woman clearly not afraid of her sexuality. She flaunts her body to express this physically and her voice to express it emotionally. This is one woman's idea of fresh love.
Oh My Girl are essentially children so their expression of a first love is purely innocent. It's about teasing out confusing feelings that are pointless in the long run but oh so important in the moment. They call themselves liars because they don't actually know what it is they feel.
What do you think of Hyo Sung and Oh My Girl's new songs? Share your thoughts in the comment section below and be sure to subscribe to the site and follow us on Facebook,Twitter,Instagram, and Tumblr to keep up with all of our posts.
Two past Hosses Of The Week winners, J.J. Watt and Everson Griffen, both had big days on Sunday. Both guys had two sacks in a win. Both guys also scored touchdowns, with Watt catching a 1-yard out and Griffen returning a blocked punt. But neither guy would be this season's first repeat winner. That's because I felt like Jaguars defensive tackle Sen'Derrick Marks, while not scoring a touchdown, came up the biggest for the team that needed a win the most this past weekend.
Unless you are really into the NFL, you may have never heard of Sen'Derrick Marks. That's what happens when the first six seasons of your career are split between the Titans and the Jaguars at a time when neither team is winning all that much. If you are aware of Marks, then you know he is a pretty good young player who looks to be really coming into his own this season. Jacksonville is mired in yet another disappointing season, but if and when they get things turned around, it's likely that Marks will be a huge part of that resurgence.
With two more sacks last Sunday, Marks now has seven on the season, easily his career best, bettering the four sacks he notched last year, his first with the Jags. If he can continue at this pace for the final four weeks of the season, double digit sacks are definitely within reach for him. That would be quite an accomplishment for a guy playing on a team that only has two wins, because the Jaguars rarely play with a lead. That means by the end of the game most teams don't even have to continue throwing the ball, which means fewer opportunities for Marks to rush the passer.
Last Sunday against the Giants, Marks showed up in crunch time when his team really needed him, and his efforts helped them finish New York off to earn their second victory of the season. One thing you may not know about the game if you didn't watch it, and let's face it, most of you didn't (at least not willingly), is that the score was 21-3 Giants at halftime. For all intents and purposes this looked to be another skull dragging that the Jags have come to experience all too often of late. Then a curious thing happened after halftime -- the Jaguars defense started to get stops on third down.
Marks did his part with a sack of Giants quarterback Eli Manning at the 10:05 mark of the third quarter with New York facing a 3rd-and-2. This wasn't an easy win either as the Jaguars lined up with a funky alignment on the play. They had three people to the center's left, including Marks lined up between the center and left guard. He started with a speed rush then countered to a bull rush once the center bailed. Just as Marks got to the level of the quarterback, he ripped inside and took Manning down which forced the Giants to punt on the next play. (GIF via Big Cat Country)
Mind you, this was the very next drive after Manning was sacked and fumbled into the endzone and then Giants running back Rashad Jennings made a stupid mistake and tried to pick up the ball leading to Jaguars linebacker J.T. Thomas pouncing on it for a touchdown. That fumble recovery put the score at 21-10 and swung all the momentum to Jacksonville. I also would point out that Marks jumped on Giants tight end Daniel Fells and knocked the ball out of his grasp so he couldn't recover it before Thomas jumped on it. That's something that was huge factor in the outcome of the play, but will never show up in any stat sheet.
Later in the game after Jaguars rookie receiver Marqise Lee caught a 30-yard touchdown to make the score 21-16 (a two-point try failed), Marks again made a big play to help derail a Giants drive. Near the beginning of the fourth quarter with 14:32 left in the game and the Giants nearing mid field, New York decided to run a counter play on 1st-and-10. Right guard John Jerry pulled to his left, but the problem was Marks was lined up on Jerry at the time. Giants center J.D. Walton was supposed to block back on Marks and wall him off, but he was no match for Marks' quickness off the ball. Walton was barely out of his stance before Marks was making contact with Giants rookie running back Andre Williams. And let me tell you, he came out of his hips on that tackle. That means he hit him with full force and took him right off his feet. (GIF via Big Cat Country)
Williams went down hard for a loss of four yards and it turned into a Jaguars feeding frenzy from there.
Jags defensive tackle Tyson Alualu got a sack on the next play and on 3rd-and-15, Giants tight end Larry Donnell fumbled as he was flipped on a tackle by Jaguars cornerback Aaron Colvin, who returned it for a touchdown. What had started off looking like a very promising drive eventually went up in flames and it all got started with that tackle for loss by Marks on first down.
Now I don't know about you, but I love to see a player make a play to end the game for the opposing team. Marks made just one of those plays with 28 seconds left in the game. The Jaguars had just driven down to kick a field goal and take their first lead of the game at 25-24 on the previous drive. The Jags could not allow Manning to hit a couple of passes and get his team in field goal range. Marks said to hell with it and got a sack/forced fumble, recovered by Jags defensive end Chris Clemons to effectively seal the win.
Marks ran a Tex game with Clemons against right tackle John Jerry and right guard Dallas Reynolds, and he absolutely ran over Jerry on his way to sacking Manning. He made contact just as Manning went to pump fake and the force of the hit shook the ball loose. Once Clemons recovered it, the Giants were dunzo.
In honor of Sen'Derrick Marks continuing to ball out in spite of his team's fortunes and helping his Jaguars to seal the deal over the Giants this past weekend, I hereby bestow on him the Hoss Of The Week award for Week 13 of the NFL season. Hopefully more people will pay attention to his game now.
“We're living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world,” Donald Trump told thousands of Michigan voters on Monday.
During his two Monday rallies in the traditionally blue state of Michigan, Trump detailed the devastation its residents have experienced as a result of Hillary Clinton-backed trade deals.
“Hillary got rich selling your jobs – the same special interests who pushed the jobs out of America are the people who've given countless millions to the Clintons. Hillary gets rich making America poor,” Trump told supporters in Warren, Michigan. He added:
Just look at the devastation. Delphi, your area, laid off 3,627 workers right here in Michigan. Most of those jobs went to Mexico. Benteler automotive laid off 233 Americans and sent those jobs to Mexico. Steelcase laid off 870 workers; those jobs went to Mexico and Malaysia. Autodie, once the biggest tool and diemaker in the world, laid off 300 workers, getting smaller all the time. … Ford laid off 2,155 workers. Those jobs went to various countries, but they're going to be going to moving to Mexico more and more and more. Now, Ford is moving all if its small car production. That's a big deal–to Mexico. And that's on top of the [$2.5 billion] plant. … A Trump administration will stop the jobs from leaving America and will stop the jobs from leaving Michigan.
During his rally in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Trump noted that in addition to those jobs:
GM laid off 314 workers at the Lake Orion Assembly Plant in 2013 because of imports from the South Korean trade deal pushed through by Hillary Clinton. Lear Corporation laid off another 50 people in Rochester Hills and moved their jobs to South Korea. FTE Automotive laid off 166 people in Auburn Hills. Their jobs went to Mexico. Chrysler laid off over 5,300 workers. Those jobs went to Mexico, China, India, and other countries.
Trump explained that the devastation has been a result of Hillary Clinton-supported policies.
Michigan has lost more than one in four manufacturing jobs since Bill Clinton signed NAFTA … a deal strongly supported by crooked Clinton. Before NAFTA went into effect, there were 280,000 autoworkers in Michigan. Today, that number is down to less than 160,000 workers and it's going down fast. Under NAFTA, we eliminated our tariffs on Mexico, but Mexico raised their VAT on us. … So when we send products to Mexico, we pay a 17 percent tax. … Our trade deficit with China grew almost 40 percent during Hillary's tenure as secretary of state. Her trade deal with South Korea— her baby— killed another 100,000 American jobs.
Trump argued the Hillary Clinton-backed NAFTA was “defective” because it has benefitted Mexico at the expense of American workers—describing it as a “one-way highway right into their pockets”:
It's a one-way highway. They get the jobs. They get the money. They get the factories. We get the drugs. We get the unemployment. We get the losses. … That's not too good. America is running an early $800 billion annual trade deficit. … We're living through the greatest jobs theft in the history of the world.
Trump pledged that a Trump administration would pursue an “America first” trade policy and would stop the bleeding of American jobs to other countries: “At the core of my contract [with the American voter] is my plan to bring back your jobs,” Trump said, adding:
From now on, it's going to be America first. If Ford or another company announces they want to move their jobs to Mexico or another country, then I will pick up the phone— even though it's not very presidential for me to be calling the head of a company, but it's so easy. I will call the executives … [and] tell them that if they want to do that … we will charge a 35 percent tax when they try to ship their products back across what will be a very strong border.
“It used to be the cars made in Flint, and you couldn't drink the water in Mexico. Now the cars are made in Mexico, and you can't drink the water in Flint. But we're going to turn it all around,” Trump said. He continued:
Look at the City of Detroit. It used to be the manufacturing hub of the world. Now, nearly half of Detroit residents do not work. It has the second-highest violent crime rate in the country, and the children are trapped in failing government schools. Yet, as the people of Detroit suffer, Hillary wants to spend trillions of dollars on government benefits for illegal immigrants and refugees. We are going to rebuild Detroit, and we are going to rebuild Michigan. We're going to bring your jobs back.
Trump suggested that it is time for the nation to “close the chapter on the Clintons” and begin focusing on the needs and interests of the American people.
“Hillary Clinton put the office of secretary of state up for sale, and if she ever got the chance, she'd put the oval office up for sale, too,” Trump warned. He added:
Nigerians have suffered more than a year of attacks on western-style schools but the international community is only just waking up to it
The gunmen stormed in just as dawn broke over the school in a remote village in north-eastern Nigeria. There were around two dozen of them, and, survivors later recounted, they worked quickly, methodically and with unflinching brutality.
“Allahu Akbar,” they shouted, as they lined up students and murdered them with single bullets to the head. Some of the teenage pupils were burnt alive when their dormitories were locked, doused in petrol and set alight; those trying to escape were knifed to death.
They killed 46 boys all in all. Unlike the abduction of more than 200 girls from a school in Chibok last month, in this attack they spared the girls and killed all the boys. The atrocity barely registered in the international headlines. That was almost a year ago, in July 2013.
The schoolgirls have become symbols of an increasingly vicious conflict that had until now not registered on the western media's radar. Yet for more than a year there has been a pattern of attacking western-style schools, seen as anathema to Boko Haram, whose five-year battle to impose an Islamic caliphate in the north of Africa's most populous country has killed thousands. Officials and former abductees told the Observer the girls were now being used as sex slaves, a suspicion that has fuelled almost two weeks of social media campaigns and rare protests across Nigeria.
But for ordinary Nigerians, who have lived for half a decade under the shadow of the insurgency, there is frustration that a singular act is obscuring a more complex narrative. Social media campaigns and public anger – in different forms both at home and abroad – have helped trigger international action from the US and UK, among others.
The accounts of former abductees of the Islamist sect – Nigerian citizens ranging from civil servants to street hawkers – suggest the schoolgirls are now being used as sex slaves. A day after the Chibok abductions, a squad from the Nigerian army was dispatched into the Sambisa forest. A soldier in the rescue mission told the Observer they encountered a group of 20 women in the scrublands, but they failed to get close to them without alerting the attention of the militants.
“My unit found some 20 women abandoned by Boko Haram in the forest. They were traumatised, around 15 of them were pregnant,” the soldier said.
Worse was what some of the women said. One, whose identity the Observer is protecting, said: “We were lined up in a single file then asked our religion. The Muslims among us were allowed to move around the camp freely and interact, while the Christians were turned to sex slaves. Any girl who was Christian would have to sleep with four, five or six of the Boko Haram men every day.”
Officials say the video in which Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau threatened to sell the girls is a coded message: the group is willing to ransom them. “You have to understand these people are terrorists. They have been kidnapping people since the beginning. They see it as a simple business transaction,” said one of Nigeria's most senior counter-terrorism experts.
“Just yesterday I was talking with a man who paid 40m naira (£147,000) for his release. He had to sell his house to pay them.”
According to the official, a ranking officer, at least 60 Nigerian civilians are currently being held by Boko Haram. They rarely make the news. Thus framing the current narrative as a tale of those against Boko Haram versus the sect's “pure evil” – as David Cameron called the abductions last week – is problematic.
For mother-of-three Nafisa (not her real name) in Borno state, the news of the abductions was just another ordinary day. In February, her daughter became one of Boko Haram's abductees. “When I heard of Chibok, it was just another ordinary day. The pain,” she says in a quiet voice, “does not go away”.
On the night of 14 February this year, the militants launched an attack in Konduga, where Nafisa and her children lived. They kidnapped 21 students, including Nafisa's daughter Hauwa. A day later, while the villagers were burying their dead, the insurgents returned to continue their killing spree. Fifty-seven were killed.
Just as horrifying is the second time Nafisa lost one of her children in a raid. In a chilling mirror of Boko Haram's own atrocities, the Nigerian military killed her son. Four months before Boko Haram abducted her daughter, soldiers stormed the local Qur'anic school where Nafisa's 19-year-old son Baana was a student. He was loaded into a police van along with others suspected of being sympathisers with the sect.
Each time Nafisa went to the local military barracks where the students were being held, soldiers assured her that he was safe. For three months, Nafisa paid various “fees” apparently required to secure his release. “I just held on to the hope my son was alive,” she said.
Three months later, her son's friend, abducted alongside Baana, was released. He came to her house after his release and delivered the news she dreaded hearing: her son was dead. “He died even before we reached the barracks. They threw him into the van first, and then they put so many others on top of him that he suffocated,” the friend said.
Human Rights Watch has documented dozens of cases of massacres by the Nigerian army in its quest to crush the insurgency. On 14 March, Amnesty International said 600 mostly unarmed detainees were extrajudicially executed by the army in a single day.
President Goodluck Jonathan has so far underwhelmed with his reaction to the girls' seizure. At the World Economic Forum for Africa, which has been overshadowed by the girls' plight, he mentioned them in passing. His speech had the feel of a short, unconvincing pledge to free them bolted on to a longer pre-written speech about Africa's economic prospects.
To be sure, the spotlight being shone on Nigeria is not unwelcome. The latest Hollywood star to get involved is Angelina Jolie. Celebrity endorsement of a cause can be a powerful force for mobilising voters, and by extension, their governments. Just look at the way George Clooney shone the spotlight on the Janjaweed masscres in Darfur.
The day after the Yobe attacks this year, I watched the evening news bulletin of NTA, the official state broadcaster. It dedicated 45 seconds to what it called the “unfortunate” four-hour attack. It then switched to a programme on efforts to boost Nigeria's agriculture sector.
But for journalists and activists who have followed the story for years, there is both relief and frustration at the attention It's now getting. “I fear that while the global response has been great, the enormity of the problem gets lost in the celebrity of the trending hashtag,” said Joan Aken'Ova, who has fought for girls' rights for decades in Nigeria.But for now, the hashtag appears to have mobilised the west, possibly for the first time, to take the Boko Haram menace seriously. Whether or not that helps end the insurgency, born out of rage at Nigeria's shocking corruption and economic inequalities, remains to be seen.
guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media 2014
Jason Sokol is an associate professor of History at the University of New Hampshire. He is the author of All Eyes Are Upon Us: Race and Politics from Boston to Brooklyn.
Forty years ago, a contentious battle over racial justice gripped Capitol Hill, pitting the nation's lone African-American senator against the man who would one day become Barack Obama's vice president. The issue was school busing, a plan to transport white and black students out of their neighborhoods to better integrate schools—and at the time the most explosive issue on the national agenda.
Ed Brooke, a Massachusetts Republican, was the first black senator ever to be popularly elected; Joe Biden was a freshman Democratic senator from Delaware. By 1975, both had compiled liberal voting records. But that year, Biden sided with conservatives and sponsored a major anti-busing amendment. The fierce debate that followed not only fractured the Senate's bloc of liberals, it also signified a more wide-ranging political phenomenon: As white voters around the country—especially in the North—objected to sweeping desegregation plans then coming into practice, liberal leaders retreated from robust integration policies.
Story Continued Below
Biden was at the forefront of this retreat: He had expressed support for integration and—more specifically—busing during his Senate campaign in 1972, but once elected, he discovered just how bitterly his white constituents opposed the method. In 1973 and 1974, Biden began voting for many of the Senate's anti-busing bills, claiming that he favored school desegregation, but just objected to “forced busing.”
Then, as a court-ordered integration plan loomed over Wilmington, Delaware, in 1974, Biden's constituents transformed their resistance to busing into an organized—and angry—opposition. So Biden transformed, too. That year, Joe Biden morphed into a leading anti-busing crusader—all the while continuing to insist that he supported the goal of school desegregation, he only opposed busing as the means to achieve that end.
This stance, which many of Biden's liberal and moderate colleagues also held, was clever but disingenuous. It enabled Biden to choose votes over principles, while acting as if he was not doing so.
History has not been kind to the defenders of school busing. Indeed, busing was problematic—as it transported children long distances away from nearby schools. But to say most whites objected to busing because it was inconvenient would be wrong. The truth is that many of them were not comfortable with the racial change that busing brought.
***
By the dawn of the 1970s, southern schools were finally beginning to integrate. Though the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education decision had outlawed “separate but equal” schools, it wasn't until the court's lesser-known 1969 ruling in Alexander v. Holmes County that many southern school districts actually implemented desegregation plans. In response to these legal mandates, judges started to order busing plans in some southern cities.
Meanwhile, Northern schools still remained thoroughly segregated. Housing segregation frequently produced segregated schools, and many urban school boards enacted transfer and re-districting policies to keep them that way. Throughout the 1960s and 1970s, African-American parents in the North filed lawsuits in protest. They alleged that their children had been denied equal educational opportunity, forced to attend schools that were underfunded and racially segregated. The result of these legal actions in both the North and the South was a truly nationwide debate—spanning from Denver and Detroit to Charlotte and Boston—in which federal district courts often held that busing was the only surefire way to integrate schools.
The first busing case to reach the Supreme Court was Swann v. Charlotte-Mecklenburg County. A district court had ordered busing in Charlotte, North Carolina, and the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the plan in April 1971, on the grounds that the Constitution required “the greatest possible degree of actual desegregation.” The court admitted that the remedies for segregation might be “awkward, inconvenient, and even bizarre in some situations and may impose burdens on some.” But the Constitution clearly required such impositions. The Swann decision gave lower court judges wide latitude to devise plans for integration, including the use of busing as a tool. In California, Michigan and Colorado, judges promptly ordered citywide busing plans, concluding that in cities shaped by housing segregation it was impossible to disentangle busing from integration.
Even the supporters of busing allowed that such plans were imperfect, and that cities ought to try other integration measures before resorting to busing. Busing was indeed “awkward” and “inconvenient” for students. Today, the anti-busing arguments guide our policies. In many cities, the “neighborhood school”—itself a product of redlining, housing segregation, and discriminatory school transfer policies—remains sacrosanct. But we forget that through the 1960s and 1970s, local school boards and urban whites often resisted every other attempt at school and housing integration. With their resistance, they narrowed the options down to two: busing or segregation.
The Swann ruling and the court orders that followed triggered a swift backlash. White parents trembled with rage as they envisioned scenarios in which their children would be bused into African-American neighborhoods. Elected officials came out against busing, while still insisting they supported integration. Yet few ever offered an alternative for how to achieve it.
Nowhere did the busing wars play out more dramatically than in Boston. Massachusetts had passed a 1965 law that banned segregated schools. But Boston leaders never attempted to comply with the law. Instead, the Boston School Committee continued to pursue policies designed to preserve segregated schools. Black parents filed a lawsuit in 1972, and the NAACP argued their case. On June 21, 1974, federal judge W. Arthur Garrity found that local officials had deliberately kept Boston's schools segregated, and that the city must integrate at once. He drew up a busing plan. Black students from Roxbury would attend South Boston High School, while Irish Americans from Southie would board buses to Roxbury.
Police escort a black student off a school bus outside South Boston High School on Sept. 12, 1974, the first day of school busing. | Getty
The first buses rolled through Boston in September 1974—and racial violence engulfed the city. White mobs hurled bricks at school buses with terrified black children inside. Then, on October 7, a Haitian immigrant was beaten savagely by a white mob in South Boston. In the coming months, the list of casualties would grow. The city became a cauldron of racial hatred.
The Boston busing crisis shocked white northerners. Many had long ignored the segregation and racism that marked their cities, clinging to the notion that their region was a beacon to the nation—that it led the way for racial justice. After all, it was northern senators who banded together to pass the 1964 Civil Rights Act, defeating a record-long southern filibuster. Northern activists had trooped to the deepest reaches of the South, risking their lives for black equality. When Massachusetts passed the Racial Imbalance Act in 1965, residents believed they were making good on their own lofty reputation. And in 1966, Ed Brooke's election to the U.S. Senate stood as further proof of northern enlightenment.
But the bloody events in Boston illustrated that in many ways white northerners were more committed to pretense than progress.
***
A few months before white mobs milled in the streets of South Boston, the busing controversy also seized Capitol Hill. Each year from 1966 to 1977, the U.S. House of Representatives passed at least one new law designed to restrain school integration—often in the guise of anti-busing legislation. Until 1974, the Senate rejected those bills. But as white resistance to busing escalated in many cities across the country, the House's anti-busing majority began to pull more senators to their side.
Ed Brooke found himself in a unique predicament. His home state of Massachusetts had become the center of the anti-busing movement. Yet Brooke retained a deep commitment to integrated education, and to busing.
Brooke's anti-busing constituents challenged him many times. Over and over, he emphatically explained the moral and legal arguments for busing. He pointed out that the Bay State's Racial Imbalance Act had been on the books since 1965. Yet white Bostonians had opposed all attempts to integrate the schools. In fact, segregation in Boston's schools had deepened with each passing year. To do nothing would have been to isolate black children in inferior and segregated schools. This was why, he noted, a federal judge had finally ordered a widespread busing plan.
For Brooke, integration was an absolute imperative. Segregated schools denied black children equal opportunity. “We had all-black schools and all-white schools,” he recalled later. Busing “was the best thing that we had to at least desegregate the schools at that time in our history. And I thought we didn't have anything better.”
In May 1974, the Senate debated the Gurney Amendment to an omnibus education bill; Sen. Edward Gurney's provision combined a number of restrictions on busing. The most controversial of the anti-busing clauses allowed locales that had maintained Jim Crow schools—even ones that were under explicit desegregation orders—to re-open their cases and to potentially have those desegregation orders nullified.
If you would like to see more articles like this please support our coverage of the space program by becoming a Spaceflight Now Member . If everyone who enjoys our website helps fund it, we can expand and improve our coverage further.
The launch of a Russian Earth observation satellite aboard a Soyuz rocket has been rescheduled for Sunday after a countdown Saturday stopped less than 20 seconds before liftoff.
The Russian space agency — Roscosmos — said the launch was reset for 1856 GMT (2:56 p.m. EDT) Sunday from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan with the Resurs P3 remote sensing satellite, the third in a series of civilian-operated high-resolution imaging spacecraft designed look down on Earth from orbit.
Russia's Tass news agency reported the abort occurred before ignition of the RD-107A and RD-108A engines on the Soyuz rocket's four strap-on boosters and core stage.
A live video of the Soyuz launch attempt showed two servicing masts pulling away from the rocket in the final minute of the countdown. Moments after the second mast retracted into launch position, a puff of vapor appeared at the base of the rocket, and the Soyuz resumed venting boil-off from its liquid oxygen tanks.
A brief statement issued by Roscosmos late Saturday said the last-minute abort will not affect other launches planned for March. The Baikonur Cosmodrome is in the midst of a busy week of launches, including Monday's liftoff of a Proton rocket with Europe's ExoMars orbiter and lander, followed by the March 18 launch of a Soyuz booster with a three-man crew for the International Space Station.
The Resurs P3 satellite is set to launch on the Soyuz-2.1b version of Russia's venerable rocket, featuring a modernized digital avionics and an upgraded RD-0124 third stage engine, replacing the decades-old analog control system and RD-0110 engine used on earlier generations of the Soyuz.
Built by TsSKB Progress of Samara, Russia, the 5,920-kilogram (13,051-pound) Resurs P3 spacecraft is set to begin a five-year mission in orbit 475 kilometers (295 miles) above Earth.
Russian government agencies responsible for agriculture, the environment, emergency situations, fisheries, meteorology and cartography will be consumers of data from Resurs P3, which will join two similar satellites — named Resurs P1 and Resurs P2 — launched in June 2013 and December 2014.
Data from the Resurs satellites aid in disaster response, help authorities update maps, track pollution, track ice in maritime shipping lanes, and detect fields of illegal drugs, according to TsSKB Progress.
Like its predecessors, Resurs P3 carries narrow and wide field of view cameras for close-up snapshots with a top resolution of about 1 meter, or 3.3 feet, and wide-angle images scanning a larger swath of Earth in one pass.
Roscosmos says hyperspectral imagery from Resurs P3 could help gauge the maturity of wheat fields, measure activity of micro-organisms in the water, and the salinity of soil.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
August 7, 2012
"FOR PEACE and socialism is in the hearts, in the minds, on the lips of millions around the world...The 'sun of tomorrow' shines upon us. The future is ours."
So said one of the giants of American radicalism, Elizabeth Gurley Flynn, in a May Day speech in 1941. Flynn dedicated her life to the struggles of the working class through its highest and lowest points. She breathed class struggle and spoke of revolution for nearly 60 years, and her legacy is worthy of the highest admiration.
Born to poor Irish immigrants in 1890 in New Hampshire, she could claim proudly, "There had been an uprising in each generation in Ireland [against British rule], and forefathers of mine were reputed to be in every one of them."
Her father, Thomas Flynn, educated her and her siblings in the meaning of her Irish heritage and the politics of liberation. "When one understood British imperialism, it was an open window to all imperialism," wrote Flynn. "As children, we came to hate unjust wars, which took the land and rights away from other peoples."
Elizabeth Gurley Flynn addressing strikers in Paterson, N.J. (1913)
Now living in the South Bronx, her father drifted to socialist politics and brought young Elizabeth with him. Recounting what her father taught her, Elizabeth said, "Scientific socialism made clear that it was not a poor man's fault if he is out of work...and you were not a 'failure' because you did not climb to riches on the backs of your fellow man."
Thomas Flynn--who ran for the New York State Assembly on the Socialist ticket in 1918--later became overbearing and eventually jealous of his daughter's popularity in the labor movement. But looking back, Elizabeth still felt that "[o]ur father's methods were not entirely correct, but his purpose was clear, not to allow his children to be 'educated' against the interests of the working class."
FLYNN WOULD begin to develop politically on her own, devouring socialist novels like Edward Bellamy's Looking Backward and William Morris' News From Nowhere, along with the works of Peter Kropotkin and August Bebel. It was the latter's book Woman Under Socialism that she used as a basis for her first public speech and lecture on "What Socialism Will Do For Women," which she gave at age 15.
A lifelong advocate for birth control access and a fighter for women's rights, she said looking back on those times, writing in her autobiography Rebel Girl:
Fathers and husbands collected women's wages, sometimes right at the company door. Women did not have a legal right to their own earnings...Equal opportunity, equal pay and the right to be organized were the crying needs of women wage-earner then and unfortunately still now.
This teenage agitator become a hit among working men and women, and a target for sexist ire from the snobbish New York Times, which commented after her first of many arrests in 1906, "Miss Flynn, who will graduate from school in two years and whose shoe tops...show below her skirts [i.e., she dressed immodestly], tells us what to think, which is just what she thinks."
A Broadway producer wanted to offer her a career as an actress due to her clear oratory talents, which she refused, saying, "I don't want to be an actress! I want to speak my own words."
Flynn began to speak across the country on behalf of the Socialist Party and the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW, often referred to as the "Wobblies"). She joined the IWW's Mixed Local No. 179 in 1906, a year after the IWW's founding.
During her long train trips to labor struggles and speaking engagements, she said she "fell in love with [this] country, its rivers, prairies, forests, mountains...I felt then, as I do now, it's a rich and fertile land, capable of satisfying all the needs of its people. It could be a paradise on earth if it belonged to the people, not to a small owning class."
Now, as a "professional revolutionist" with the IWW, she became a close collaborator with socialist Eugene Debs and IWW leaders Vincent St. John, Mother Jones and Joe Hill, the rebel songwriter. Flynn became a close friend of legendary Irish socialist James Connolly, who would be executed by the British in 1916 for his part in leading the Dublin Easter Rising against imperial rule, and helped him organize the Irish Socialist Federation.
One of her most important political relationships was with IWW leader and organizer William "Big Bill" Haywood. Flynn recalled some years later how Bill said in a speech, "'I'm a two-gun man from the West, you know.' And while the audience waited breathlessly, he pulled his union card from one pocket and his Socialist card from the other."
Though the two would have a major political falling out some years later over the direction of the IWW, Flynn and Haywood worked closely together in a number of the IWW's most historic struggles.
They worked together organizing agricultural workers in the West and lumber workers in the Pacific Northwest, and at countless freedom of speech fights all over the country. They were part of the 1913 silk strike in Paterson, N.J.; massive textile strikes in Lowell and New Bedford, Mass., and the great "Bread and Roses" strike of 1912 in Lawrence, Mass.
Flynn was arrested for one trumped-up charge or another at just about all of these occasions. Her son Fred boasted many years later that he had been arrested twice, once in Missoula and a second time in Spokane--before he was even born.
During the Lawrence "Bread and Roses" strike, Flynn and Haywood worked hard to educate the mostly immigrant textile workers of, as Flynn put it:
their power, as workers, as the producers of all wealth, as the creators of profit. We talked of "solidarity," a beautiful word in all languages. We said firmly, "You work together for the boss. You can stand together to fight for yourselves!" We ridiculed the police and militia. "Can they weave cloth with soldiers' bayonets or policemen's club?"
THIS WAS the Wobblies' great strength--the ability to relate and speak to people on their own terms, to point out to workers what they already knew in their guts, that the whole system is stacked against them and the only chance they've got is to band together, into "One Big Union."
These were the high points of the early IWW, but they didn't last. While the key to the IWW's success was organizing among the unskilled workers who the American Federation of Labor refused to organize, some of their own policies diminished their ability to hold the group together.
For instance, the IWW refused to sign contracts over wages, benefits and working conditions because this, IWW leaders believed, represented a compromise with the bosses. Without contracts, the IWW failed to consolidate many of the gains it made during the brave workers' struggles it led. In many cases, when IWW organizers left town, the local organizations fell apart.
The IWW also argued that the key to transforming society was organizing the majority of workers into "One Big Union," which would be the framework for a new socialist society. The final blow to capitalism would come through a mass general strike that would paralyze the economy and force the bosses to give industry over to the working class. As a result, the IWW didn't participate in politics--leaving this important arena of struggle to the Socialist Party, which was dominated by a conservative wing.
Reflecting many years later, Flynn said that "possibly a permanent industrial union movement could have been built a quarter century earlier than the CIO. But our incurable 'infantile leftism' blinded us." By the beginning of the First World War, the IWW had been weakened by splits, factionalism and an unwillingness to tackle explicitly political issues.
And this was just before its greatest challenge. With the entry of the U.S. into the First World War, a wave of government-backed mob violence spread across the country. Pacifists, certain Christian sects, German immigrants, socialists and especially Wobblies were attacked, brutalized, tarred and feathered, and sometimes lynched.
During the Red Scare, socialists and communists, anarchists, Wobblies, unionists and other radicals were attacked, their halls ransacked and their members arrested. Many were rounded up in the Palmer Raids, named after Attorney General A. Mitchell Palmer, and deported under the auspices of the Espionage and Sedition Acts.
Elizabeth Gurley Flynn took it upon herself at this time to struggle for the freedom all of these "class war prisoners." She said, "We planned to work for the release of all [labor] and political prisoners...the imprisoned comrades, of whatever persuasions, were a bond of unity."
She became a founding member of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and a principal activist within the International Labor Defense (ILD), which formed in 1925.
"One of our first undertakings was to publicize the facts of each case," explained Flynn. "We organized outside correspondents to write to the prisoners. Through these channels, we soon became very familiar with the conditions inside the gray, forbidding walls of federal penitentiaries."
Flynn helped win the release of those who participated in the Green Corn Rebellion, a revolt of poor Oklahoma farmers against the draft, fought for the freedom of many imprisoned Wobblies and antiwar activists, and was heavily involved in the campaign to save Italian anarchists Sacco and Vanzetti from execution.
HER POLITICAL activities in the 1920s were cut short by illness, and she spent the better part of a decade ill and inactive. When she finally re-entered her lifelong work as a revolutionist, it was to join the Communist Party (CP)--an organization she had already moved close to through her work with the ILD.
Flynn joined the Communist Party in 1936, was elected to the national committee two years later and became national chairperson in 1961. By this point, the U.S. Communist Party, like all those around the world, had become a creature of the new ruling bureaucracy in Russia, led by Joseph Stalin, and so it followed the dictates from Russia, even when this meant opposing struggle.
Flynn followed the CP line through its many appalling twists and turns, including the Stalin-Hitler Pact, and then support for the Second World War, revelations by Khrushchev of the extent of Stalin's murderous crimes, and the Russian suppression of the Hungarian Revolution of 1956.
But this period in her life shouldn't overshadow Flynn's record of militancy and courage in the cause of the labor movement, for which she faced police violence and was thrown in jail countless times for her beliefs and even served two years behind bars in the late 1950s as a victim of McCarthyism.
In a world of "great men" she was a proud, working-class, Irish woman who stood with her shoulders square and spoke with an impassioned voice that was eloquent, yet relatable; inspiring, but not condescending; and militant to the core.
When Elizabeth Gurley Flynn went to see the great IWW songwriter Joe Hill in Salt Lake City while he was awaiting execution for a crime he didn't commit, Joe dedicated a song to Flynn called "The Rebel Girl":
Yes, her hands may be hardened'd from labor
And her dress may not be very fine;
But a heart in her bosom is beating
That is true to her class and her kind.
And the grafters in terror are trembling
When her spite and defiance she'll hurl.
For the only and thoroughbred lady
Is the Rebel Girl.
And this is exactly how Elizabeth Gurley Flynn deserves to be remembered.
1. The average first time mom doesn't go into labor till she's 41 weeks and 2 days. That's nine days past her due date. I know, none of us like those numbers…but it helps with perspective.
2. When you think you're in labor, make sure you've noticed a pattern of contractions for AT LEAST an hour before making a bold proclamation on Facebook or Twitter that you're in labor. Remember to look for 5-1-1. Contractions that are at least five minutes apart. Contractions that are at least one minute long, and contractions that have been coming that frequently and at that length for at least one hour. (The contractions should gradually be increasing in intensity). That's a good gage as to when a first time mom “might” consider going to the hospital or birth center.
3. The average woman's first time labor will last between 18 and 24 hours. Some women labor longer, and some women labor shorter, hence “average.” However, this is truly an accurate picture of how long you can expect your labor to last. The good news is this: the hardest part of labor, transition, usually only lasts a couple of hours, at the worst. One man documented his wifes contractions for the entire labor, from the onset of her labor till the end, she had 45 minutes worth of pain for her 24 hours of labor.
4. Ignore it till you can't ignore it anymore. If you're not sure you're in labor, then you're probably not in active labor yet.
5. Early labor often feels like menstrual cramps, and can last that way for days.
6. Losing your mucus plug really doesn't give clear indications that labor is close. Don't call your OB, midwife, or doula at 3AM letting them know you've lost your mucus plug, because they may tell you to go find it. However it doesn't hurt to mention it at your next visit.
7. If your water breaks, or if you continually feel like you're peeing on yourself, without question, call your care-provider immediately. Also go put on some Depends. You'll thank me for it, and it'll be nice not to leave a trail following you. Remember the acronym COAT when your water breaks. Pay attention to Color, Odor, Amount and Time. The color should be clear, the odor should not be stinky, the amount can vary – did you have a lot or a little, does it come out with each contraction? And last but not least, make note of the time your water breaks, (most OBs want you to deliver your baby within 24 hours of your water breaking) these are all important things your care-provider may want to know. Also if you are GBS positive remind your care provider of this when you mention your water has broken.
8. Eat at home while you still have the desire to do so. Once you're at the hospital eating is not typically an option, clear liquids are okay (unless you're having an epidural, then it's ice chips ONLY). My favorite drink is this fantastic labor-aide found here.
9. Drink, drink, drink. Pee, pee, pee. An empty bladder helps relieve some of the pain of the contraction and staying hydrated is VITAL for your body and your baby.
10. If you can still talk through or laugh in between your contractions, you're still in early labor – unless you're a hoss.
11. Once you're bellowing like a moose or breathing heavy like you're working out, and your partner looks concerned, you're likely in active labor.
12. Stay moving! Sway back and forth leaning forward, get on all fours, sit on the birthing ball, just stay moving. Try to avoid being in bed till absolutely necessary. For some fantastic practical tips on moving through labor visit this link here.
13. Through and after your contractions, make sure you think about breathing all the way down to your baby. One of the first things L&D nurses will do if your baby shows heart decelerations is give you oxygen. So, when you breathe through your contraction think about/visualize breathing all the way down and to/for your baby. You're not the only person experiencing labor, your sweet baby is too and he or she needs you to breathe for him/her.
14. If you're getting an epidural, try to wait till you're at least four centimeters.
15. Remember there is more to progression of labor than just how dilated you are. The position of your cervix, how soft it is, how effaced it is, and the station of the baby all make a difference in your labor. In my experience, I have found that once a woman is completely effaced, she'll plow through labor like a mack truck with a driver on speed.
16. You cannot escape the pain of labor, meaning, if you're attempting an unmedicated birth, freaking out over the pain of the contraction will only worsen it. Try to imagine contractions like waves washing over you as you surrender to each rush. Visualize your cervix opening wide for your baby. I can always tell if a woman is trying to escape the contraction if she yells, or says, “No, no, no, no!” through it, or shakes her head and scrunches up her face and tenses her body and does what I call crazy legs, where she moves them like a toddler throwing a fit on the floor – back and forth through the contraction. These are signs that you're letting fear of pain take over your body rather than trusting that your body is doing exactly what it should be and that you are created to do this – labor and give birth to your child. Trust the process, if you do, others will too.
17. Avoid getting in the tub too early in your labor. Otherwise it may slow down your labor. However, if it's the middle of the night, and you're uncomfortable with cramping that keeps you up, feel free to get in the tub. It may ease off your contractions just enough so you can get some sleep.
18. Feel free to use a shower at any point in your labor…this doesn't seem to stall out labor.
19. If you're birthing at a birth center or your home, don't worry so much about writing a birth plan. However if you're birthing at a hospital and you want an excellent sample go here. I encourage all parents to pay apt attention to your desires for newborn procedures. What are those you ask? Ah…look here, and here.
20. The hardest part of labor are the two weeks following it. Make sure you spend time understanding breastfeeding and life with a newborn before you give birth.
21. You may poop while you're pushing. Most women do. It's not a big deal. Personally, I think it's a sign that you're pushing effectively if you do poo. Just think of it more like Hershey's Kisses, rather than Tootsie Rolls. Bearing down for pushing is the exact same thing you do when you bear down for a BM. There's just no easy way around it.
For more of my labor tips and advice visit this link: How To Help A Woman In Labor
Every woman's labor and birth is unique and may not always fit into the tips listed above – especially if there is potential for a precipitous labor (more likely with mothers who have already experienced childbirth). The tips on this blog post are provided for general informational purposes only and are not intended as, nor should these tips be considered, a substitute for professional medical advice.
Advertisements
I'm totally not sure yet what to think of the new (and still beta) release of NodeBox 2 (located at this beta-site at the moment). It is once again GPL and build upon NodeBox. You can use Python-Scripts to generate “generative art”. Like the original NodeBox, that was Macintosh-only, NodeBox2 has the emphasis clearly on simplicity and quick and direct results. In this release they have two new main features. The first one is not really a feature in the deeper sense of meaning: It is available for Windows. The second: It's got a graphical-editor, where you can combine modules in some sort of “maxMSP-style”. I just played with it a little bit, and can confirm, that this approach really leads to once again much quicker results, than tinkering with code only. Purist will also come to their right, because tinkering with code only is also an option. Well, let's see how this new (kind of) user-interface will react with the output. I am totally in love with this plain simplicity of NodeBox1. Having too much of everything, and getting results too quickly is not always for the best. Let's just wait and see what will happen.
Tutorial by: RocketJump Film School
Freddie Wong walks you through the process of recreating the face swap effect (as seen in our short Mexican Standoff) using Adobe After Effects. Here you'll learn how to use concepts like tracking, roto and the puppet tool together.
This tutorial is more advanced, coming in at 3/5 Freddies. This means you should have some knowledge of how to use After Effects, as well as basic experience with rotoscoping, motion tracking, and keying. (Don't worry– beginner tutorials are coming soon!)
Update: 4/4/16: Wanna try out After Effects?? You can DOWNLOAD our face swap AE project for FREE and get a trial version of Premiere, AE and Media Encoder. Check out our feature on Adobe's site!:
https://t.co/AVk2Bl1A4h
If you want some more help on the basics, we recommend Video Copilot:
http://www.videocopilot.net/
Questions for Freddie? Ask him DIRECTLY in the forums!
http://j.mp/FaceSwapTutorial
Watch Mexican Standoff with Key & Peele:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IHQr0…
Freddie was eating a PB&J Sandwich.
Special thanks to RØDE Microphones! Check them out here:
http://www.rode.com
Special thanks to Vitec Videocom! Check them out here: http://www.vitecvideocom.com/
Questions about our sponsors and how they work? A video on that soon, but we have an open policy and can answer your questions directly on our forums: http://discuss.rocketjump.com
We're on TWITCH every Thursday at 3PM PST!
http://twitch.tv/rocketjump
You can also follow us on Facebook & Twitter:
http://www.facebook.com/RJFilmSchool
https://twitter.com/rjfilmschool
Thanks for watching! More videos at http://school.rocketjump.com!
About
Seriously.
The USPCC presents:
Featuring the royal images that have captivated people for centuries. Now with a bit of Derp. If it ain't broke, Derp it. This deck will make you endlessly happy, and will make you giggle ceaselessly.
Playing with a full Deck.
We carefully handcrafted and recreated these derps for your amusement. We will be sharing all of the cards with you over the course of the project. We will also have a few that we won't show here so we can surprise you when you open your pack!
As you can see, the design is in good hands, and we promise we won't disappoint. This deck will provide you with hours of fun and hilarious reactions. Imagine the look on your friend's faces; It's worth the price of admission.
~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~
~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~
~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~
~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~
~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~
~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~Derp~~
Back for More
We will be printing using the standard 'Rider Back' of a standard BICYCLE deck. We would like to keep the cards as close to the source material as possible. It's funnier that way. There are a few options we are considering and your feedback is always welcome!
The Box
The tuckbox is still being designed, and will be finalized before the end of the project, but one thing's for sure: It will feature the Legendary BICYCLE BRAND, and will be right at home with all your other amazing decks printed by the United States Playing Cards Company.
So...
If you're tearing up with laughter, this deck is for you. Go ahead and pledge for a deck. You'll be glad u did.
Tesla is now marketing its Powerwall2 storage battery for domestic applications, claiming among other things that it can make your home self-powered and blackout-proof. Here I review Tesla's claims using an existing rooftop PV array in the Arizona desert as a real-life example. Will a few Powerwalls allow the homeowner to go off-grid? Not a chance. Will they make the home blackout-proof? Maybe, maybe not. Will they save the homeowner money on his electricity bills? Not that I can see.
The example rooftop array is in Tucson, Arizona. I selected Tucson because if a solar-Powerwall2 combination won't work there it won't work anywhere in the US. Except for the area around Death Valley to the northwest the solar resource is about as good as it gets, the low (about 30%) seasonal solar range means that there is no large seasonal storage requirement and seasonal generation is not in antiphase to demand, as it is in some areas farther north:
Figure 1: US solar irradiance. Image from Arizona Solar Center
The real-life example I use is the array of panels on the roof of the residence of a Mr. Gary Bynum. Their listed capacity is 8.28 kW(p). Figure 2 shows the installation:
Figure 2: Mr Gary Bynum's rooftop solar panels. Image from Sunny Portal
In the year I selected for review (2013) the panels generated 15,500 kWh (capacity factor 21.6%), and I assume here that this would have been sufficient to cover all household consumption durng the year had it been possible to store the surpluses for re-use. How many Powerwalls would have been needed to do this? According to the Tesla website
two Powerwalls would be needed to back up 15,500 kWh/year of consumption (42.5 kWh/day). It's not clear exactly how much storage capacity a Powerwall2 has from the specifications shown in Figure 3, but I have assumed 12.15 kWh (13.5 kWh usable times 0.9 round-trip efficiency), so two Powerwalls would have 24.3 kWh of storage, enough to cover household demand for about 14 hours on average:
Figure 3: Tesla Powerwall2 specifications. Data from Tesla
Now to the data, solar first. The hourly data I downloaded from Sunny Portal are hard to read when plotted up, so Figure 4 shows daily averages:
Figure 4: 2013 daily average solar generation. Data are missing for January 31 through February 12
Figure 4 reproduces the seasonal pattern seen in other solar arrays in the Tucson area, as discussed in the misleading article on solar power post. Maximum solar generation occurs in the spring because skies cloud up during Tucson's “monsoon” season in July and August, and sometimes in June and September as well.
Obtaining demand data was more difficult. No data are of course available for Bynum household consumption, so I constructed a synthetic load curve using graphics from sources here (Charts 7 and 8) and here, factored it to match Bynum household annual solar generation and used it as a proxy for Bynum household consumption. Figure 5 superimposes daily average demand on the Figure 4 solar data:
Figure 5: Daily 2013 daily average solar generation with daily average demand superimposed. The month divisions are not exact. Note that the daily means are the same in each month (I did not smooth them out between months) and that they will not show hourly demand variations. Hourly plots are shown later
Figure 6 shows the daily surpluses and deficits calculated from Figure 5:
Figure 5: Surpluses and deficits calculated from Figure 5 data.
The largest deficits occur during the summer monsoon when daytime temperatures drop somewhat but humidity increases significantly, leading to an increased demand for air conditioning. The question now becomes, how do Mr. Bynum's two Powerwalls, with a combined storage capacity of 24.3 kWh, handle these deficits? As shown in Figure 6, not very well. It's not obvious from daily data, but the Bynum household gets plunged into darkness for about 1,600 hours – 18% of the time – during the year:
Figure 6: Powerpack2 storage balance calculated from Figure 5 surpluses and deficits, daily average data. Note that the 24.3 kWh maximum Powerwall capacity is never achieved for an entire day.
Now we will look at hourly data for two selected months – May 2013, the month when the Powerwalls performed best, and July 2013, when they performed worst. Figure 7 shows the data for May. Because there were essentially no cloudy days during the month the Powerwalls failed to deliver for only 20 hours, and the fact that these all occurred in one-hour periods at 6am suggests that they are an artifact of the data. It is, however, clear that Tesla's claim that “on a typical day, Powerwall and solar will meet all of your home's energy needs” is optimistic. These were better-than-average solar days, and the two Powerwalls Tesla recommends only just made it through.
Figure 7: Solar generation, demand, surpluses, deficits and storage balance, hourly data, May 2013
Figure 8 shows the data for July. During this month the Powerpacks were out of charge for a total of 292 hours, or 38% of the time. The longest outage was 18 hours between 2pm on July 26 and 6am on July 27. These outages are not an artifact of the data. The Powerwalls were simply incapable of coping with the combination of increased demand and increased cloudiness:
Figure 8: Solar generation, demand, surpluses, deficits and storage balance, hourly data, July 2013. Note that the Powerwalls are failing to meet home demand when they are discharged, i.e. storage has fallen to zero.
A brief discussion of economics before concluding. Tesla lists the following Powerwall2 prices on its website:
A single Powerwall plus hardware costs $6,200 plus $800-$2,000 for installation, or $7,000 to $8,200, and then we have to add electrical upgrades, taxes, permit fees etc. I have no idea what the upgrades and permits might cost but when I last checked the Tucson sales tax was 8%, which will increase the total cost to $7,560 to $8,860. If we then take $8,000 as a good round number and apply it to my 12.15 net kWh estimate we get $660/kWh, and $590/kWh if we apply it to Tesla's estimate of 13.5 kWh “usable”.
So Mr. Bynum's two Powerwalls will set him back about $16,000. What financial rewards will accrue from this expenditure?
Probably none. As things stand his surplus solar generation offsets the electricity he imports from the grid, and while there may be complications resulting from Arizona retail electricity pricing and regulations his electricity bill should be zero or close to it. With the two Powerwalls he will store some electricity that would otherwise have gone to the grid, but he will import an equal amount less from the grid, so it will still be a wash. The only benefit might be the ability to weather the occasional power outage, although these are rare in Tucson and occur mostly during summer evening thunderstorms when the Powerwalls are likely to be discharged, or close to it, to begin with (see Figure 8).
One final question. How many Powerwalls would it take to allow the Bynum household to go completely off-grid? According to my calculations, approximately eighty.
Researchers regularly remind us that the world's oceans are still hiding some truly remarkable secrets, but when we imagine new species of ocean life it's usually tucked away in the crushing depths, or so tiny that we somehow didn't notice it up until now. An all-new species of ocean sunfish was just discovered that throws those expectations completely out of the window, weighing in at over two tons and making regular trips near the surface in order to keep warm, but it's a remarkable find nonetheless.
Don't Miss: Amazon sale: The NK-S1 packs Sonos sound into a $40 Bluetooth speaker
Researchers led by Marianne Nyegaard of Australia's Murdoch University discovered the new sunfish species after looking closely at over 150 DNA samples from various sunfish. After matching three of the DNA samples with known species, the team realized that the fourth was completely new and undocumented. They subsequently nicknamed it the “hoodwinker sunfish” thanks to its ability to remain hidden for so long.
But despite having DNA samples that proved the presence of an unknown species, nobody knew exactly what it looked like. After hunting for a specimen that matched the DNA for a year, Nyegaard got a tip that four sunfish had washed up on a beach in New Zealand, and it was at that point that she finally found what she had been searching for.
Like the other members of the ocean sunfish family, the new species — officially named Mola tecta — is absolutely huge. Its massive, disc-shaped body is punctuated by large fins on its top and bottom, and its bony structure pushes its weight over the two ton mark.
The hoodwinker sunfish has since been spotted in several different places, including the waters off South Africa, Chile, Australia and New Zealand.
Trending right now:
See the original version of this article on BGR.com
Climate change is a contentious topic in the U.S. and around the world, especially since the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced its plan to impose the first-ever limits on carbon pollution from existing power plants. While the general consensus from the global scientific community is that climate change is real and man-made, a large number of Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives refuse to recognize even basic climate science. A new analysis by the Center for American Progress (CAP) shows that out of America's 29 Republican governors, half of them side with the anti-science, climate denier caucus.
To highlight the discrepancy, CAP Action War Room created an interactive map where users can track each governor's record on climate and energy policy, including the Democratic governors, none of which, as CAP points out, have made public statements denying climate change.
Click on image to access the interactive map. Graphic credit: Center for American Progress
Perhaps David Shulkin just assumed a Veterans Affairs Department employee would be fired for playing a role in an armed robbery.
VA's undersecretary for health told the House Veterans' Affairs Committee last week that Elizabeth Rivera, a worker at a facility in Puerto Rico who was involved in an armed robbery last year, was no longer with the department.
“So [she is] on paid leave?” asked Rep. Tim Huelskamp, R-Kan.
Shulkin replied that was not his understanding, saying he believed Rivera was “not an employee of the VA.” The undersecretary conceded, however, he may have been incorrect and promised to let the committee know if he was.
On Friday, Shulkin made good on that promise, clarifying Rivera was reinstated to work as a clerk at the Puerto Rico facility “following administrative processes and court approval.” The undersecretary made his clarification in a public statement.
“I have clarified my statement, and will be formally responding to the committee,” Shulkin said, “but it is equally important to me that I provide the facts and set the record straight for our veterans, employees and the general public who entrust us with the care of the nation's veterans and who expect us to be open and honest with them.”
Rivera was driving a car last year when a passenger got out and attempted to rob a couple at gunpoint. That individual fled on foot when police arrived and Rivera was arrested and charged with armed robbery. She later pleaded guilty to two misdemeanors.
“There was never any indication that the employee posed a risk to veterans or VA property,” Shulkin said (emphasis his).
He added the timing of the incident required VA to reinstate the employee.
“In accordance with federal law, criminal prosecution or conviction for off-duty misconduct does not automatically disqualify an individual from federal employment,” Shulkin said. “As is true in private-sector employment, a federal employee generally cannot be terminated for off-duty misconduct unless there is a clear connection between the misconduct and the individual's employment.”
While VA may have been following the letter of the law, the incident is likely to stoke the flames for those clamoring for accountability reforms at the department. Asked about those proposals last week, VA Secretary Bob McDonald spoke only of his own suggestion to address just Senior Executive Service employees.
» Get the best federal news and ideas delivered right to your inbox. Sign up here.
Issa Hayatou, the president of CAF, the African confederation, and Zhang Jilong of China, the acting head of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC), have also given their support as have a number of Premier League players in England.
Prince Ali Al Hussein of Jordan, at 36 the youngest member of FIFA's executive committee, will address the International Football Association Board (IFAB) at its annual meeting in Bagshot, Surrey on Saturday.
He said on Thursday he would be very disappointed for millions of women players if IFAB did not sanction its use, reversing a decision it made in March 2007.
Prince Ali, speaking to reporters in London, said: "It is a very important issue. It is not a religious garment, it is a matter of culture.
"Women's football has come a long way, as we experienced in the last Women's World Cup, and the present situation is saying to women world wide that you're not allowed to participate for a reason that makes no sense.
"That's prejudice. It's not fair. It has to be dealt with.
"Long sleeves and leggings are already allowed. This is not an issue of religious symbolism it is simply a case of cultural modesty and I'm tackling this now because it is a big issue for many, many women all across the world.
"I'd be very disappointed for the game if IFAB said No. It's an issue which will not go away. I'm optimistic this will happen. If not there will be a lot of soul searching about what the priorities are in this sport.
"Everyone from the UN to the regional federations are supportive so I don't see what the problem is."
RIGHT TIME
The U.N. expressed its support through Wilfried Lemke, a special adviser on sport to U.N. secretary general Ban Ki-moon, who has written to FIFA President Sepp Blatter, expressing his support for the initiative.
Lemke's letter said the time has come to allow players to have "the right to wear a safe, Velcro-opening headscarf in FIFA-regulated matches and competitions".
In his letter, Lemke said that a change in legislation "would remove a barrier that can deter women and girls from participating in football" and would set "a positive example".
"It would send the message that each female player, from the top elite level down to the grassroots, has the freedom to decide whether or not to wear this particular piece of attire while on the field.
"It would give the opportunity for remarkable female athletes to demonstrate that wearing the headscarf is not an obstacle to excelling in life and sports and would hence contribute to challenging gender stereotypes and bringing about a change in mentalities."
A number of sports already sanction the hijab including athletics, rugby, fencing, netball and taekwando and Prince Ali said that football now had the perfect opportunity to prove it was in keeping with the times.
IFAB upheld a ban on the hijab, introduced by the Quebec Soccer Federation, in 2007 for safety rather than religious reasons but he says those worries now no longer apply.
Extensive tests have been done on the garment's safety and there had never been an injury as a result of its use. The AFC has sanctioned its use at grassroots level.
IFAB, which is made up of four representatives from FIFA and four from the British associations of England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales, has been inherently conservative since its inception in 1886, rarely changing soccer's laws.
"I respect the traditions of IFAB and this stance has been one of its strengths," the Prince said. "But now it has the opportunity to show it can keep up with modern developments in the game, and benefit millions of women not just in Asia, but around the world."
Any change or revision to the laws needs a 75 percent majority, meaning six of the eight men on the board must be in favour of the proposal.
(For more sports news and updates, follow Ahram Online Sports on Twitter: @AO Sports)
Short link:
WELCOME, Instapundit readers!
———-
My neighbor AVERY LIBRELLE is concerned about gun violence.
We met at a local coffee shop, where we spoke over the sound of a group of locals that was keeping alive the tradition of out-of-tune folk music played by large, enthusiastic groups of the tone-deaf.
LIBRELLE: We need to ban high-clip bullets and assault weapons!
ME: Ugh.
LIBRELLE: “Ugh?” What?
ME: Oh, I've only been having this argument for 25 years. For starters, they're called “high-capacity magazines”. A “clip” as a general term for “anything that holds bullets” is a bit of Hollywood slang. Really explaining it requires me to get all pedantic about how guns work, and I know you don't care, and explaining it really takes me off the topic, but here – let me show you this:
“Clips”, pretty much by definition, are not “high-capacity”. To talk much more about it would be to go onto a tangent that only gun geeks really care much about.
LIBRELLE: Well, the media uses them interchangeably.
ME: Uh, yeah.
LIBRELLE: Anyway – you can not show me a reason anyone needs a…what? High-capacity “magazine”?
ME: No, I can't show you one.
LIBRELLE: I knew it.
ME: I can show you several. Here's one; a woman hiding with her children shot an intruder with a revolver – which is what they used to call a “six-shooter”, because it holds six bullets.
LIBRELLE: That seems kinda high-capacity – the founding fathers never thought of it when they were writing the Constitution – but OK…(Reads article) OK, but the woman survived, and the criminal's in jail!
ME: Read closer. It was one burglar. She shot six times, hitting the guy five times, in the face and neck. Which, by the way, is pretty good shooting under that kind of stress. So think about it; that's five shots, in the face and neck with a serious-caliber pistol, and the guy lived. And there are cases of people surviving many, many hits by serious bullets and living to tell the tale. One bullet can kill someone instantly – if it hits the brain stem – but a person can still function just fine if they're hit in the heart, for a few seconds anyway. Hits in the lungs, liver, stomach, muscle tissue? If they're high enough, or dissociative enough, or drunk enough, or have enough adrenaline going, they may not even know they've been hit until they collapse from blood loss.
Remember the book Black Hawk Down? There were stories of Rangers hitting Somali attackers with armor piercing bullets from their M-16 rifles – which are like AR15s, only they can fire full-automatic, like machine guns, and each of their bullets has five times the hitting power of that woman's pistol – and they didn't even know it, since they were high on adrenaline and qat.
LIBRELLE: OK, so what? The woman lived.
ME: Right. But I said it was one burglar. What if there'd been two? Like in this incident…
…where a kid repelled several determined burglars with…an assault rifle?
LIBRELLE: Er…OK, what if?
ME: The woman in my story above fired all six shots at one burglar, and he lived to run away. If there'd been a second burglar, then what? The woman and her children could have been killed, raped…
LIBRELLE: But that never happens!
ME: Sure it does. Sometimes burglars come two at a time.
LIBRELLE: That's why it should be left to the police.
ME: The police miss their target on about 2/3 of their shots.
LIBRELLE: Then it's better to let the burglars take your stuff and go!
ME: They don't always just leave.
LIBRELLE: Well, what are you supposed to?
ME: Use a large capacity magazine. That's why most of this country's police switched from “Six-Shooters” to pistols with 15, 17 and 18 round magazines – because you don't know how many times you're going to hit your attacker, and you don't know which hit if any are going to take them down. and above all you never know how many there are going to be. You don't want to run out of ammo after six shots when you really, really needed seven. Or 12, or 15 for that matter. Because if you are in a fight for your life and you family's with, say, three people, who are high or drunk or jacked up on adrenaline or just plain insane, you don't know how many shots it's going to take to end the threat on your life and your family's. And the seconds it takes to reload after you've fired six shots from a revolver, or ten from a semiautomatic pistol with the ten-round maximum magazine that Diane Feinswine is talking about, might very well be the seconds that it takes to show you what a pin-cushion feels like.
LIBRELLE: Well…let's agree to disagree.
ME: Sure, although what that really means in this case is “I agree you're ignorant, and you agree you have no point against me.”
LIBRELLE: Oh, shut up. Anyway, there's really no reason for assault rifles like the AR15 or the AK47. Experts say they're useless for self-defense. All they're designed for is killing people!
ME: Well,l for starters, your “experts” really aren't. And yes, there's a place for them in self-defense. Like, this case, where four men armed with handguns and long rifles invaded a guy's house. He resisted with an AR15, shooting one of them. Or this guy, a security guard, who was attacked by several guys with guns, and repelled them with an “Assault Rifle”.
LIBRELLE: But that's beside the point. Assault rifles are designed to kill people quickly and efficiently.
ME: Well, on the one hand, so what? If the shooter is a good guy – that means “law-abiding citizen firing in justified self-defense”, not “a nice fella”, by the way – and the other guys are not, then why's that bad?
And on the other hand, no; they're not designed to kill any more quickly than a deer rifle or a duck gun. I mean, most “assault rifle” ammunition is less lethal than most of the bolt-action rifles that grandpa used to hunt deer and elk with. And at close range, a shotgun can be much deadlier. What military-spec rifles are designed to do is function reliably under difficult conditions, and never, ever jam when you're in a pinch, and to not run out of ammo before your attacker runs out of attack. That is all.
LIBRELLE: But we should ban them so criminals don't get them!
ME: That's utterly futile. We “banned” machine guns – not “assault weapons”, but actual fully-automatic machine guns – in 1934. Now – show me a self-respecting drug dealer or gang-banger who can't find a fully-automatic Uzi or AK or MAC-10 out there. And that's almost eighty years after a nearly-complete ban!
LIBRELLE: But their only purpose is crime!
ME: The numbers refute you. Long guns of all types – from hunting rifles to shotguns to assault rifles – kill about 400 people a year, and rifles like the AR15 and AK47 are a fraction even of those. 1,700 people a year are stabbed to death; 500 are killed with blunt objects; nearly 500 are killed with fists and bare hands. And yet there are millions of ARs and AKs in civilian hands around the country. You could make a statistical case that, per capita, AR15s are involved in less crime, including murder, than any other type of firearm.
LIBRELLE: Grrrrr!
ME: Facts are stupid things, aren't they?
LIBRELLE: I'm just…aaaagh! Why do all you Second Amendment people have to be such dogmatists about it! We should be more like Europe! They have reasonable gun control laws, and their murder rates are very low.
ME: Most of those countries ban civilian guns. And yes, their civilian on civilian murder rate is low-ish – although the gun ban in the UK has led to skyrocketing violent and property crime. But the murder rate in Europe has actually been astronomically high.
LIBRELLE: No it hasn't! Look at the stats!
ME: No, those are civilian on civilian violent crime stats. I'm talking all murders…
…including the ones where a government, unhindered by an armed and uppity population, is able to murder its own people by the box lot. Three million in Ukraine in the thirties; between 20 and 60 million in the USSR from the twenties through the fifties; 11 million, including six million Jews, in Germany, which was an advanced, westernized, first-world economy. The murder rate in the US is about 5 per 100,000. The murder rate among Jews in Europe was about 70,000 per 100,000.
LIBRELLE: Wait! You're saying the Second Amendment is about resisting government if it tries to do something evil? That's just paranoid.
ME: Well, let's hope so. I'm willing to do my bit to make sure that it stays that way. Anyway, that's a bit of a tangent. You asked why people needed high capacity magazines and ugly, military-grade semi-automatic rifles. There you go.
LIBRELLE: You must be compensating for something.
ME: Yes. I'm compensating for the fact that there are evil people in the world. A gun that shoots, and keeps on shooting until the evil dies, is, pragmatically, the best defense that I, Mitch Berg, have at my disposal to deal with my share of that evil, if it comes bashing through my door at 2AM.
LIBRELLE: Clearly you are racist.
And SCENE.
Thanksgiving turkeys abound in the world of the National Basketball Association. Here are our top 10 turkeys for 2014:
Kobe Bryant
We've got no problem with Bryant setting the record for missed shots or firing up more shots than anybody on Earth, but when he signed his extension last November to receive close to $50 million for this season and next season, he ended up limiting the Lakers' flexibility when they have a dire need for a young superstar to come in and eventually replace Bryant as the face of their franchise. Bryant could have done what Tim Duncan has done for years in San Antonio, limiting his take so that the team can continue to surround him with talented players. But he doesn't believe in a “hometown discount'' and he'll have only himself to blame when the Lakers again fail to reach the playoffs.
Carmelo Anthony
Anthony tries to tell anyone and everyone that he's all about winning. But when he had a chance as a free agent this past summer to go to teams that could have instantly contended for the championship with him, Anthony showed everyone that he's all about fame and fortune. Winning that elusive ring comes somewhere down his to-do list. So one of the NBA's best scorers decided to stay with the Knicks, who could offer him more than any other NBA team, and came through with a $124-million deal over five years. Anthony would have had to have taken a lot less to go to Houston, to join forces with Dwight Howard and James Harden, or Chicago, to play with Derrick Rose and Joakim Noah. But he went for the biggest paycheck he could find and now is stuck in what could be a lengthy rebuilding situation in New York. At the rate he and the Knicks are going, he'll be king of New York and never get a ring.
Donald Sterling
The Clippers' long-time racist slumlord finally had his comeuppance. For years, NBA commissioner David Stern and the league's other owners turned a blind eye toward Sterling's anti-minority business practices and his disgraceful treatment of minority executives, starting with former team VP Elgin Baylor. But after tapes with his racially-charged rants to his girlfriend, V. Stiviano, surfaced last spring, Stern's successor, Adam Silver, barred him for life and forced the sale of the team to former Microsoft honcho Steve Ballmer. Sterling isn't such a turkey in one regard. The Clippers had been valued at an estimated $575 million by Forbes. But the blustery Ballmer, by far the loudest owner the NBA has ever had, paid $2 billion, far and away a record price for an NBA franchise.
Jim Dolan
The Madison Square Garden CEO claims he is going to leave the Knicks alone, after meddling in the basketball operations by engineering trades and dictating other personnel moves that resulted in only one playoff round win since 2000. With Dolan promising to stay out of the basketball end of the Garden operations, he grossly overspent to bring in 11-time champion Phil Jackson. But never mind that Jackson didn't come to the Knicks to coach the team. Despite never being a team president or building anything before, Dolan still paid him a record $60 million over five years. Jackson's first major move was to hire Derek Fisher to coach the team, for another $25 million. Fisher, who won five rings as a player under Jackson, has never coached. So Dolan is on the hook for $85 million to two men who are rookies in their current roles. For that kind of money he should have gotten at least one proven commodity.
Jason Kidd
Mikhail Prokhorov, the Russian billionaire and Nets majority owner, gave Kidd a plum coaching job, turning over the Nets to one of the greatest players in their history. Then just a year on the job, Kidd tried working a power play to get GM Billy King's job and more power. Prokhorov didn't take kindly to Kidd's move, sending him to the NBA's version of the Gulag _ Milwaukee _ where he is now coaching. It was a typical no-class move by Kidd, who had nothing but messy divorces from various teams during his Hall of Fame playing career.
Chris Bosh
On the one hand, it's difficult to call Bosh a turkey, given the fact that he emerged in Miami with a huge new deal after LeBron James shocked Heat president Pat Riley and the franchise by returning to Cleveland. But while Bosh did secure a contract that averages almost $24 million per year, for this season and the next four, he's performing for a team whose best days are behind it. The Heat had become only the third franchise in NBA history, along with the Celtics and Lakers, to go to four straight Finals. When James left in July, that pretty much put an end to their reign. Bosh could have gone to Houston, where he would have formed a potent trio with Dwight Howard and James Harden, albeit getting $88 million, compared to the $119 million he received from the Heat. But in staying in Miami, he basically admitted that he didn't want the added pressure of having to help get the Rockets to the Finals for the first time in 20 years. That's not what we want from our so-called superstars, is it?
Donald Sterling takes in a Clippers game with girlfriend V Stiviano, before Sterling's recorded racially-charged comments led to his downfall. Photo Huffington Post.
Michele Roberts
The new executive director of the NBA Players Association has come out firing at the owners and NBA commissioner Adam Silver, although she won't be doing any real battling for another two and a half years. A former trial attorney, Roberts replaces Billy Hunter, who was fired by the players after an investigation turned up shady business deals involving Hunter and family members. Roberts has called the league's salary cap “un-American'' and has challenged the owners on other points, including the 50-50 revenue split enjoyed by her rank-and-file. But it's way too soon for the new players' boss to get all worked up. She can yell and scream as much as she wants, but the current CBA can't be opened for changes by either the owners or players until July, 2017.
Derrick Rose
The Bulls' point guard and a former MVP came off looking like a real turkey when he admitted to reporters that his decisions about playing now are based on what kind of physical condition he will be in down the road. Rose said, “I'm thinking about after I'm done with basketball. Having graduations to go to, having meetings to go to, I don't want to be in my meetings all sore or be at my son's graduation all sore just because of something I did in the past.'' He sounded like he's a football player worried about having scrambled brains when he turns 35. Rose's remarks caused a major firestorm because he came into the season having played in only 49 games, out of 246 games, since the 2010-11 season due to severe knee injuries. Lately, he's been battling hamstring injuries that have forced him out of games. But you wonder if his mind is making those injuries a lot worse than they really are.
Danny Ferry
Atlanta's general manager wrote himself a one-way ticket out of town by repeating racially insensitive comments when talking to the Hawks' brass on a conference call about free-agent prospect Luol Deng. Ferry talked about Deng's good points, but then read the report from a scout that said of Deng, a native of the South Sudan, “he has a little African in him. Not in a bad way, but he's like a guy who would have a nice store out front, but sell you counterfeit stuff out of the back.'' Holy Donald Sterling! No wonder there are a lot of people in Atlanta who want Ferry fired. As of now, this turkey has avoided the chopping block as he serves a team-mandated indefinite leave of absence.
Final Gobbler
Any person who gave up his Cleveland Cavaliers season tickets for this season.
Andy Buchanan / AFP / Getty Images
Four weeks before Scotland's referendum on independence in 2014, the debate had gripped the nation to such a degree that you'd be afraid to open your kitchen cupboard in case an activist sprang out to hand you a campaign leaflet. But, with the referendum on EU membership less than 30 days away, it seems Scotland couldn't care less. South of the border, battle buses are criss-crossing the country, set-piece speeches are taking place every day, and the UK government has been split in two. In Scotland, a symbolic vote on EU membership took place in parliament on Thursday with only eight out of 129 MSPs opting for Leave – and one later admitted he had merely pressed the wrong voting button at his desk. As for Scotland's dominant party, the SNP, not one of its parliamentarians – either in Holyrood or Westminster – has given even the slightest hint they're not going to draw anything but an enthusiastic cross in the Remain box next month. But, as with many issues within the seemingly homogenous SNP, whose politicians aren't allowed to disagree with each other in public, the story isn't quite that simple.
SNP GO
Around a third of SNP voters are said to have not been persuaded by leader Nicola Sturgeon on one of her central policies – that Scotland, and the UK, should remain in Europe. Bearing in mind the party's dominance and popularity, that will be the largest anti-EU block of voters in Scotland. Analysis from The Guardian suggests that around a quarter of a million SNP voters could end up voting Leave next month, if polls are to be believed.
Some Leave sources are adamant that includes a handful of SNP MPs and MSPs who simply aren't allowed to speak up. Gary Parker, a pro-independence activist who is leading a small anti-EU group called SNP GO – an unofficial branch of the UK-wide Grassroots Out campaign – insists that he has had private conversations with MPs and MSPs who want to leave the EU, but that any dissent in the party is quickly shouted down. "MPs and MSPs have attended meetings with us and they've said that they're scared – they won't admit it because they can't step out of line with the party," claimed Parker, whom former SNP leader Jim Sillars, one of the most prominent Leave voices in Scotland, asked to take the reins of the SNP GO campaign. "One of my team pitched a Scottish Vote Leave stand in one of the SNP's normal places and they went mental. The convener of the branch said, 'You're out the party, you're finished.' I'm friends with [SNP MP] Corri Wilson ... and I said to her ‘Tell me I didn't hear this right' and she said she'd sort it, which she did. But the abuse he got from his friends who he's [previously] campaigned with was absolutely vicious."
Jamie Ross / BuzzFeed Scottish Vote Leave director Tom Harris (left) with two pro-Brexit MSPs – Ross Thomson and Graham Simpson.
A source in the official Scottish Vote Leave campaign, which set up another group called SNP for Leave earlier this week, insists one SNP MSP is privately backing them and revealed that one SNP member in Aberdeen feels so strongly about leaving the EU that he's given office space to them in an attempt help the ailing Scottish campaign along in the final few weeks. Among SNP MSPs, Euroscepticism is often dismissed as being a bit too "Tory" for the party to take seriously. During Thursday's vote in the Scottish parliament, left-leaning Labour MSP Neil Findlay spoke out about his Euroscepticism – although he is still undecided about how to vote – and SNP transport minister Humza Yousaf mocked him on Twitter for only receiving applause from Conservatives.
.@NeilFindlay_MSP Gets enthusiastic applause...from Tories in the Chamber. Not a single one of his comrades sharing his euroscepticism
But those SNP supporters who do want to leave the European Union insist it's a logical follow-on from wanting Scotland to be independent. Why try to take back power from London, they ask, but be perfectly happy to campaign for some power to remain in the hands of anonymous politicians and bureaucrats even further away in Brussels and Strasbourg? "I'm not a member but a supporter and voter of [the SNP] all my life," said 51-year-old fisherman Peter Willox from Fraserburgh, who's backing Leave. "I'm a true nationalist, and nationalism has no place in federalism – [the SNP] shout about independence but are only offering federalism, and they campaigned on the back of the fishing vote only to give us no support. "I know councillors in the party and it's run with an iron grip – you must toe the party line or fear deselection. That's why none are coming out in support, only [former SNP leader] Jim Sillars. I know very many SNP supporters who are voting Leave as they cannot understand the party's stance – it's an oxymoron to the party's core belief [of] independence."
Rick Findler / PA WIRE Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood joins Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon (right) and Green Party MP Caroline Lucas (left) as they make the progressive case for a Remain vote in next month's EU referendum.
Parker, the SNP GO leader, agreed, saying: "I really don't like the whole thing that [the SNP] don't accept London rule, which I don't want either – I think everyone should be governed locally – but it sounds anti-English if you say you disagree with London but accept Brussels quite happily. I don't get that, it doesn't make sense, and I question the MSPs and leaders who are just completely closed on this." John Sweeney, a taxi driver from Pollokshields in Glasgow who joined the SNP just after the referendum in September 2014, is concerned about how hard Scottish nationalists may have to fight in the future to extract Scotland from the European Union. "I'm sure our forefathers in Scotland over 300 years ago thought going into partnership with England was a good idea, and it may have been at the time, [but] lo and behold it is no longer a partnership, it's a Westminster takeover," said Sweeney. "I know the whole idea of a European Union sounds warm and fuzzy, but I don't want future generations to campaign for Scotland's independence from an imperialist United States of Europe. "The leadership of the party have got to play it safely and they are probably just giving Cameron enough rope. The majority of Stay supporters within the party don't want to be embroiled in Cameron's campaign of deceit and lies, but I would have liked to see a bit more debate within the party."
Jeff J Mitchell / Getty Images David Cameron meets Sturgeon at Bute House, Edinburgh.
Throughout this campaign it's been a struggle for Sturgeon to be seen to back remaining in Europe, but in a way that is as different as possible from the way David Cameron backs it. The SNP has refused to join a cross-party campaign through fear of replicating the chummy "Better Together" approach that hastened the downfall of Labour in Scotland, when they campaigned alongside the Conservatives during the independence referendum. But because of the distance she wants to create between herself and the prime minister, Sturgeon's interventions have not been particularly helpful for the Remain camp. She has told anti-EU members of the public that she could "spend the whole evening" listing things that are wrong with the union, and accused Cameron and chancellor George Osborne of making "overblown" claims about the economic impact leaving the EU could have. Most often, Sturgeon and her predecessor Alex Salmond have spent the campaign talking about what impact leaving the EU could have on the prospect of Scottish independence. Salmond said on Thursday night, during a BBC debate, that he would expect another independence referendum within two years of a UK-wide Leave vote next month, assuming Scottish votes taken in isolation back staying in.
Jeff J Mitchell / Getty Images
This is a message that SNP GO leader Parker believes has cut through to SNP voters, who would otherwise happily vote to leave the EU. "People react to us like we're trying to take independence away," he said. "I went out to canvass opinion and said to people, ‘If you knew for a fact it would make no difference to a future independence referendum, would you vote Leave?' Fifty-six per cent of people said yes. They feel the only way to get independence is voting in and hoping England vote to take us all out." The two anti-EU SNP campaigns – SNP GO and SNP for Leave – are small and unofficial. SNP GO has "one or two" active members in each constituency in Scotland, and Scottish Vote Leave campaigners say they've been in contact with around 100 anti-EU SNP voters who will form the basis of the SNP for Leave group. But, over these final few weeks, they hope to make it clear that a substantial number of SNP voters want to leave the EU. "SNP for Leave is a group of SNP members and supporters who will be meeting together to discuss their views, concerns, how they want to get involved and get active," said a Scottish Vote Leave source. "Some are very surprised, some are frustrated by the leadership's stance. A lot of them are just saying it's a hugely illogical position, bearing in mind their views on independence."
Christian Groups Find Way Around High Health Costs
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brendan Hoffman-Pool/Getty Images Brendan Hoffman-Pool/Getty Images
As policymakers in Washington, D.C., debate overhauling health care, several evangelical Christian groups have found a way of getting around the high cost of health insurance. Instead of paying premiums, they simply agree to pay each other's medical bills.
The groups are not regulated because unlike insurance there's no guarantee an individual's bills will be paid. That's something members take on faith.
Family To Family
James Lansberry, the vice president of Samaritan Ministries, says the concept is simple. First there's a $170 annual fee to cover Samaritan's administrative costs. His nonprofit group then compiles members' health care bills and tells its 14,000 households where to send their monthly checks.
"The money doesn't get received at our central office — it goes directly from one family to another," Lansberry says. "So each month I send my monthly share of $285 directly to another family."
Being a Christian means walking by faith. And we believe that God is ultimately in control of everything, and that things work best when you go his way.
That's all it costs for Lansberry, his wife and their seven children to be in the program. That's a fraction of what a typical health insurance policy would cost.
Carl Bobb of Strasburg, Colo., says he's been using Samaritan for six years, and getting his medical bills paid is relatively easy.
"When we have a payment due on something, we'll pay what the minimum is — that they'd like us to pay that day," Bobb says. "[Then] we submit it to Samaritan. And within 30 days, we get our claims processed through Samaritan, and checks start coming in from folks."
Bobb says often there's a note included with the check offering encouragement and prayers.
Faith-Based Policies
Chris and Mary Miller from Oakland, Ill., recently watched a Samaritan Ministries presentation at a church outside Denver. They're self-employed farmers and are thinking about giving up their current health insurance.
"We spend about $15,000 a year on health care premiums," Chris Miller says.
In addition to the potential of saving money, Mary Miller says she likes Samaritan's promise that no money will ever be used to pay for an abortion. And she says she isn't worried about giving up the security of traditional insurance.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jeff Brady/NPR Jeff Brady/NPR
"Being a Christian means walking by faith. And we believe that God is ultimately in control of everything, and that things work best when you go his way," she says.
Religion is a large part of Samaritan's business model. Members need a pastor's signature just to join. And there are restrictions.
If a member contracts a sexually transmitted disease outside of marriage, Samaritan members won't pay the associated health care costs.
For the group's main program, benefits are capped at $100,000. If overall costs start to outpace the amount of money coming in, members vote to raise their monthly contributions.
No Guarantee
Underneath everything — including the lack of government regulation — is a warning: Samaritan and other groups like it never guarantee that an individual's bills will be covered.
Pennsylvania Insurance Commissioner Joel Ario says that's something people should carefully consider before signing up. While he admires the concept of individuals helping each other, Ario says this is not like the insurance policies most people are accustomed to.
"The insurance product is a legal obligation of the insurance company, and it will be there even if the claims you have turn out to be very large in nature," Ario says.
Groups like Samaritan Ministries are keeping a close watch on health care legislation in Congress. The big question is whether they'll win an exemption from health insurance mandates for their members. Because if their members are forced to buy insurance anyway, there's little reason to contribute to Samaritan's insurance alternative, too.
Currently, the Senate-passed bill includes the exemption. The House-passed bill does not.
I had planned to write about this, and specifically that Joe Romm's blog “Climate Progress” appears to have died a quiet death of assimilation by the borg greens, saying:
We are now merging with ThinkProgress Green, and that means we'll be adding two new regular bloggers, Jessica Goad, manager of research and outreach for CAP's Public Lands Project, and Rebecca Leber, a ThinkProgress blogger and research assistant. They join Stephen, me, and all the regular Climate Progress contributors from the CAP energy team and blogging newsroom.
But Tom Fuller beat me to it in a guest post over at Jeff Condon's place called Bookends and Separations. The assimilation of Climate Progress (which once had its own domain name) is just a symptom of a larger trend, and such assimilation must be a bitter pill for “Hero of the Environment″ Romm to swallow, as Fuller writes:
But people have pretty much stopped listening. They've even stopped writing. Joe Romm has folded his Climate Progress blog into the rubric of Think Progress' larger efforts and now interns do much of his writing for him. Deltoid is down to one post a month, and it's an open thread. Michael Tobis has fled Only In It For The Gold and is now writing at Planet 3–and complaining about a lack of traffic.
In a Republican primary with nine initial contestants, the amount of conversation about climate change was effectively zero. Over on the other side of the aisle, President Obama has almost abandoned the issue. The IPCC's upcoming AR5 is, by all appearances, going to be much more subdued in its claims and much more reasonable as a result.
…
And this is the way it should be.
It's the way it should be because climate change will return as an issue. Especially in America, where we love a second act to every story, anthropogenic climate change will return. Temperatures have plateaued at a high level and may even dip during this decade due to the muting effect of several natural cycles. But those cycles will end. And a new generation of scientists is readying itself to take up the argument again, untainted by the past disasters and mistakes of those currently sagging against the ropes.
The next generation of discussion may be calmer and more grounded in facts–looking at all the things humans do to influence climate and not just the CO2 we emit. It may not.
Read the whole post: Bookends and Separations.
==============================================================
Meanwhile, WUWT traffic remains strong:
A lower number is better, for example Google is #1. Note the traffic blip on Feb 14th of Peter Gleick's “Fakegate” didn't last for DeSmog blog, as I've previously reported. My competition can't seem to get out of the >100,000 “we don't bother to track them” zone. You can run your own comparisons here.
I can't compare Climate Progress or Deltoid, since they are subdomains of larger blogging aggregators, but before CP lost its domain name we were beating the pants off it traffic rank wise. With one post a month, Deltoid can't have much in the way of traffic.
UPDATE: in related news, the Orange County Register seems to agree (h/t to Climate Depot)
Global warming alarmism becoming much less alarming: ‘Maybe it's the Cry Wolf syndrome. Maybe it's just taking notice of reality. Maybe it's only a fad that's run its course'
On a related note.
Many of you have written to me expressing concern for Steve McIntyre because he hasn't posted anything since March 20th. I called him Friday and spoke with his wife. He's fine, but engaged in a work project outside of blogging and is focusing on it. I can't say that I blame him. Blogging, especially climate blogging with so many technical details, is a huge time sink. My own business has suffered due to WUWT and I know Steve's has. Where's those big oil checks when we need it most?
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Guest post by Aleistar
A middle school principal in San Francisco shocked her local community by suspending student council election results because she felt the winners lacked diversity and were too white.
The San Francisco Gate reported:
S.F. principal delays vote results, saying winners aren't diverse
When San Francisco middle school principal Lena Van Haren saw which kids on her campus had been elected to the student council, she was disturbed at the lack of diversity among the winners. There were no Latino or black candidates chosen for the top four spots.
Her concern for a representative student government, given the preponderance of students of color at Everett Middle School in the Mission District, may have been understandable. What she did about it, however, swiftly raised a different kind of alarm.
Van Haren decided to withhold the results of the Oct. 9 election for more than a week, saying the school community needed to figure out how to have a more representative government.
“This is complex, but as a parent and a principal, I truly believe it behooves us to be thoughtful about our next steps here so that we can have a diverse student council that is truly representative of all voices at Everett,” she told parents in an e-mail Thursday.
The response was immediate and at times vehement. Parents complained; students were angry. It appeared, some parents argued, that diversity was trumping democracy.
Chinese Broccoli Beef Noodle Stir Fry
Here's what you'll learn:
How to choose and buy the freshest Chinese broccoli (gai-lan)
The perfect marinade recipe
Secrets to no-fail Chinese stir fries
Chinese Broccoli (Gai-Lan)
Chinese broccoli should be almost all stem and green leaves. Look for Chinese broccoli with minimal open flowers (lots of open white flowers means that the Chinese broccoli is past its prime and bitter.
You can also tell from the cut stems if the Chinese broccoli will be perfect or too old. See the bottoms of these cut stems? It's milky-translucent and smooth. If the bottoms of the stem have a hard white circle in the middle (instead of smooth, milky and translucent) it will probably be past its prime and taste tough and bitter.
Photo below is Chinese Broccoli…see the beautiful stem-bottoms?
For this Broccoli Beef Noodle Stir Fry recipe, you can use ANY type of noodles. Really, spaghetti noodles are fantastic in this dish. I happened to have Japanese style egg-noodles, so that's what I used! Cook your noodles according to package directions.
While the noodles are cooking, marinate the beef slices in soy sauce, cornstarch, sugar, oyster sauce and rice wine. If you don't have rice wine, use dry sherry or any dry white wine will do. The sugar and the oyster sauce will help the meat caramelize.
You want beautiful, carmelized meat in your stir fry?
Here's the secret. DO NOT CROWD THE MEAT! Single layer, ladies and gents!
Once you add it to the wok or frying pan, LEAVE THE THING ALONE. Resist the temptation to shake, move it around or flip…until the first side has a chance to caramelize. Then flip.
See the nicely caramelized bits?
Once the meat finishes cooking, remove to a plate. Now it's time for Chinese Broccoli (Gai Lan).
Stir fry for a minute, scooping up the oils at the bottom of the wok all over the Chinese Broccoli. Bathe the oil over the Chinese Broccoli.
Now turn heat down, add 1/4 cup of water or browth and cover to let steam.
A couple of minutes later…test the Chinese Broccoli to see if done! A knife should pierce easily into the steam.
Now its the cooked noodles turn to take a bath in the sauce.
See it absorb all the juicy bits?
Now return the beef and broccoli to the wok and serve!!
Yum.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Neighbours on a housing estate have been left with long faces – over horses being allowed to roam free through the streets and in a park.
Angry residents in Brinnington, Stockport, have inundated the police, council and their MP with complaints – saying the problem is growing and out of control.
Some horses are even living inside family homes.
Up to 14 animals have been seen grazing on the Brindale Park playground – despite a sign banning them.
See our video below of one of the horses strolling down a Brinnington street ...
</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">One outraged neighbour said: "It's a children's playing field and horses are not meant to be on there.</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">"I have seen them kept in gardens. I have been to the housing office and complained. If a horse killed a child on there what would happen? It's absolutely ridiculous."</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">The M.E.N. found a horse walking down a pavement near Brindale Park. It returned to a nearby house, where its owner said his child had accidentally let it out of their home.</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">Settled travellers on the estate have long kept horses in the area.</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">Bob Kearsley, who runs Hereford Road community centre, said: "The problem has definitely got worse. We first noticed it at the beginning of the year, but suddenly there seems to be an awful lot more. It seems to be new status symbol instead of having a staffy dog."</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">Another neighbour who lives near Brindale Park said: "There's a ‘No Horses' sign but there were 14 horses on there the other day.</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">"The police came down. People round here have reported it to the council. It's worse now than it's ever been."</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">Stockport MP Ann Coffey has now got involved and asked social housing provider Stockport Homes to investigate.</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">Ms Coffey said: "They are clopping up and down the road and people are coming round the corner and finding a horse.</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">"Somebody said they saw this horse lying down just having a sleep in the middle of the road."</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">A Greater Manchester Police spokesman said: "GMP is aware of the ongoing issue with loose horses in the Brinnington area of Stockport and is working with partner agencies to try to resolve the situation."</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">A spokesman for Stockport council said: "We are working with Stockport Homes to identify the owners and encourage responsible ownership.</p> <p xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">"We are talking to local people regarding the pitfalls and dangers of allowing ponies to graze on public open land or space without permission."</p>
The official release of The Basement Tapes -- which were first heard on a 1968 bootleg called The Great White Wonder -- plays with history somewhat, as Robbie Robertson overemphasizes the Band's status in the sessions, making them out to be equally active to Dylan, adding in demos not cut at the sessions and overdubbing their recordings to flesh them out. As many bootlegs (most notably the complete five-disc series) reveal, this isn't entirely true and the Band were nowhere near as active as Dylan, but that ultimately is a bit like nitpicking, since the music here (including the Band's) is astonishingly good. The party line on The Basement Tapes is that it is Americana, as Dylan and the Band pick up the weirdness inherent in old folk, country, and blues tunes, but it transcends mere historical arcana through its lively, humorous, full-bodied performances. Dylan never sounded as loose, nor was he ever as funny as he is here, and this positively revels in its weird, wild character. For all the apparent antecedents -- and the allusions are sly and obvious in equal measure -- this is truly Dylan's show, as he majestically evokes old myths and creates new ones, resulting in a crazy quilt of blues, humor, folk, tall tales, inside jokes, and rock. The Band pretty much pick up where Dylan left off, even singing a couple of his tunes, but they play it a little straight, on both their rockers and ballads. Not a bad thing at all, since this actually winds up providing context for the wild, mercurial brilliance of Dylan's work -- and, taken together, the results (especially in this judiciously compiled form with its expert song selection, even if there's a bit too much Band) rank among the greatest American music ever made.
Mattis Discusses Niger Operation, Asks Media to Stop Second-Guessing
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the Defense Department will make a report on the recent deaths of U.S. soldiers in Niger when it is appropriate and asked the media to not second-guess the leaders of the operation on the ground.
Mattis, speaking just before a meeting with Israeli Defense Minister Avigdor Lieberman, expressed his condolences to the families of the four soldiers.
“I just say we honor the troops, every one of them,” he said. “Every life is critical. These young people look past the hot political rhetoric and sign up, volunteer for the armed forces. They're part of the 1 percent that are willing to do so in our country, these young men and women.”
The secretary said the United States has been working to improve the combat capabilities and capacities of nations in West Africa to defeat the terrorist threats represented by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and other terror groups who “foment instability and murder and mayhem.”
The United States has about 1,000 troops in the region who work with about 4,000 French service members. “We're providing refueling support, intelligence support, surveillance support,” he said. “But also we have troops on the ground. Their job is to help the people in the region learn how to defend themselves. We call it foreign internal defense training, and we actually do these kinds of missions by, with and through our allies.”
Under Investigation
Mattis said the soldiers' deaths are under investigation. “We in the Department of Defense like to know what we're talking about before we talk, and so we do not have all the accurate information yet,” he said. “We will release it as rapidly as we get it because we are very proud of our troops.”
The department investigates whenever there is a death or serious accident.
“At the same time, war is war, and these terrorists are conducting war on innocent people of all religions,” the secretary said. “They're conducting war on innocent people who have no way to defend themselves. And I would just tell you that in this specific case, contact was considered unlikely.”
The possibility of contact with the enemy a consideration when training allied troops, the secretary said. “It is often dangerous; we recognize that,” he said. “We have been unapologetic about standing by our allies and certainly, the French, with 4,000 troops [in the region], have been engaged down there for years and have lost many, many more troops.”
Mattis only recommends placing troops in such situations if it is in the best interests of the American people.
“One point I would make having seen some of the news reports -- the U.S. military does not leave its troops behind, and I would just ask that you not question the actions of the troops who were caught in the firefight and [not] question whether or not they did everything they could in order to bring everyone out at once,” the secretary said. “And I would also ask -- don't confuse your need for accurate information with our ability to provide it immediately in a situation like this.”
(Follow Jim Garamone on Twitter: @GaramoneDODNews)
When you're cheated on, the devastation of betrayal can make you react in uncharacteristic ways. Obsessive behaviors take over and you may behave in a way you never believed possible. This isn't only true for women; this applies to men who have been cheated on as well. If you do happen to find out who the mistress or other person is, the open wound may cause you to act out via confrontation. What's the driving force when we feel a compulsion to speak to the other person? Typically it's to feel better -- to take away a bit of our pain. Somehow, we think that that course of action provides more benefits than the alternative. Rarely have I seen much benefit, and I've certainly witnessed a great deal of harm (see the free Affair Analyzer online assessment). Here are 8 reasons not to confront him or her:
1. How much information do you really want? If you think you might be able to get more information from the affair partner, you're right, but it might not be what you want to hear. If you have been with your partner a long time, then you've probably already realized that you and your mate have different subjective realities. You can have vastly different recollections of any event. For that reason alone, you can certainly gain a different perspective, or details about the specific event, from talking to the mistress. But you're not gaining anything worthwhile; it's hard enough to process the information from the perspective of your mate, why add to that?
2. Affair partners can lie. It is interesting how often a hurting mate believes the affair partner will tell them the truth and sorrowfully see the error of their ways. It is not uncommon for the affair partner to lie and manipulate the situation to get the upper hand.
3. Talking to the affair partner is comparing apples and oranges. One of the most difficult pieces of an affair to discern is motive. Frequently, there is a compulsion to discover why this has happened. Don't be mistaken and think the answer lies with the affair partner. In reality, the affair partner has created an illusion of what your mate's reason for cheating is. So please don't think that the causes and motives thought by the affair partner match those of your mate.
4. Vengeance doesn't work. When you're really hurting, it's tempting to think about making the other party experience the same pain that you're going through. The only problem is that this course of action only results in self-inflicted injuries. Don't compromise your personal integrity by acting in ways you normally would never approve of. Injuring another will never bring the peace you seek, and it will only lengthen the amount of time it's going to take to recover.
5. Don't gratify their hostility. You don't want to act in ways that allow the other person to believe your mate was justified in coming to them. If you act like a crazy person in confronting them, you only give them justification for their actions.
6. Trying to get them to "get it" is futile. One of the most common motivations for confronting the other person is to try to get them to see that you're a real person and that their actions are destroying real lives. The defense mechanisms put into place to justify the affair in the first place are most likely still in place after the affair. You're not going to be the person capable of breaking through their denial.
7. It tends to perpetuate the problem. If your mate is trying to break off the relationship with their affair partner, you're talking with them will not help the process. In fact, it is almost guaranteed to create more contact. They'll either contact your mate telling them to have you back off, or they'll use your contact as a way to try to guilt your mate into trying to gain comfort. The goal is to break off the relationship, not to perpetuate the fight.
8. What do they have that I don't? At times, curiosity drives the desire for contact. You may be asking, "What does the other person have that I don't?" Motivations for affairs are complex, and meeting the other person will only confuse the issues. I found that people mostly affair down. They rarely have an affair with someone better than the person that they're with. So I'd suggest not lowering yourself to their level by interacting with them or comparing yourself to them. Have more respect for yourself.
After all is said and done, some will still feel an overwhelming need to confront the other person. It may be driven by a need to get the crazy compulsion out of their head. For others, it may be a need to face their fears. There can be any number of reasons people want to contact the affair partner, but I do suggest that you try to get your mind off of them and onto yourself and your recovery. The last thing you want to do is let another person have the power to control your peace of mind. To learn about more constructive ways to handle the affair partner, take our free Affair Analyzer online assessment.
[JURIST] The Nebraska Supreme Court [official website] ruled [opinion PDF] Friday that the Keystone XL pipeline route may be approved by Governor Dave Heineman without review by the Nebraska Public Service Commission (NPSC) [official website]. This decision came through an appeal “from the district court's judgment that determined L.B. 1161, which the Legislature passed in 2012, was unconstitutional.” LB 1161 allows “major oil pipeline” carriers to “bypass the regulatory procedures” of the NPSC, and in doing so, pipeline carriers are thus able to obtain approval from the governor to exercise powers of eminent domain for the building of a pipeline in Nebraska. Four judges opined that the legislation is unconstitutional, and three were of the opinion that the landowners “lacked standing,” and declined to “exercise their option to address the constitutional issues.” However, because there were not five judges of the court voting for the unconstitutionality of LB 1161, “the legislation must stand by default.”
The proposed Keystone XL pipeline has generated significant controversy [JURIST report]. The proposed expansion [WP report] of the existing Keystone pipeline would carry 830,000 barrels of heavy crude oil daily from the tar sand producing regions of Alberta, Canada to refining facilities on the Gulf of Mexico. The planned $5.4 billion pipeline would extend from Alberta to Steele City, Kansas, where the XL would tap into the existing pipeline system. Last January the US Department of State [official website] concluded in its final environmental assessment [text] of the Keystone XL pipeline that construction and operation of the pipeline would be unlikely to alter global greenhouse gas emissions. Under US law TransCanada [official website], the company seeking to build the pipeline, must receive a permit from the US Department of State because the project crosses the US-Canada border. According to the State Department, Executive Order 13337 [text; PDF] grants the Secretary of State “the power to decide whether a project serves the national interest before granting a Presidential Permit.” If a Presidential Permit is granted construction of the project can commence.
A 1997 Dodge van painted to look like "The Mystery Machine" from "Scooby-Doo" crashed into a home in St. Paul after being stolen. St. Paul police shared this photograph of the incident via Twitter.
Ruh Roh!
That might have crossed a St. Paul homeowner's mind Friday morning when a 1997 Dodge van painted to look like one driven by the cast of the animated series "Scooby-Doo" crashed into his home.
Officers were called about 3 a.m. by a homeowner who said the van had crashed into his house and he'd seen two dark figures running from the crash, St. Paul police spokesperson Mike Ernster said.
Police found it, with "The Mystery Machine" painted on the side.
The van belongs to another St. Paul man on the city's east side. He told police he'd last seen it about 9 p.m. the night before. He said no one had permission to use it and he filed a stolen vehicle report with the police.
Ernster said that the van crashed through a chain link fence and destroyed the wooden front steps of the home. The vehicle itself suffered moderate damage.
"We did search the area for suspects, K-9 did, tracked to a garage within a block of the crash scene, and located two teenage boys who have been identified and released," Ernster said. "Their involvement has yet to be determined."
And while a dog was involved in the chase, there were no signs of Fred, Velma, Shaggy or Daphne at the scene of the crime — and no one's monster mask was pulled off.
Maryland Presidential primary preference: Maryland Likely Democratic Primary Voters Apr 21-24 Clinton 50% Sanders 44% Other 1% Undecided 5% Read this table down
*= Less than 1/2 of 1% - = None
Preference by age: Maryland Likely Democratic
Primary Voters 18 to 49 (44%) 50 and older (56%) Clinton 45% 54% Sanders 53% 37% Other 1% 1% Undecided 1% 8% Preference by sex:
Maryland Likely Democratic
Primary Voters Male (40%) Female (60%) Clinton 44% 54% Sanders 52% 39% Other 1% 1% Undecided 3% 6%
Preference by early vote: Maryland Likely Democratic
Primary Voters Early vote (18%) Election day (82%) Clinton 58% 48% Sanders 40% 45% Other 2% 1% Undecided * 6% About this Survey - Survey Sponsor: American Research Group, Inc. The American Research Group has been conducting surveys of voters since 1985. Sample Size: 400 completed telephone interviews among a random sample of likely Democratic primary voters living in Maryland (400 self-reported registered Democrats). Sample Dates: April 21-24, 2016 Margin of Error: ± 5 percentage points, 95% of the time, on questions where opinion is evenly split. Question Wording: If the 2016 Democratic presidential primary were being held today between (names rotated) Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, for whom would you vote? Using a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 meaning that you will definitely not vote in the 2016 Democratic presidential primary and 10 meaning that you will definitely vote in the 2016 Democratic presidential, what number would you give as your chance of voting in the 2016 Democratic presidential primary?
If he's elected, the Earth is screwed. Photo illustration by Phil Plait. Photos by Shutterstock/Joseph Sohm/Barnaby Chambers.
Donald Trump has announced his new energy adviser: Rep. Kevin Cramer (R–North Dakota).
I hope you're sitting down for this shocker: Cramer is a global warming denier. And to be clear, he's not just a denier. He's a crackpot.
First, watch this video put together by the folks here at Slate to get an overview of this guy's view on science:
Trump's grave misunderstanding of the difference between weather and climate doesn't surprise me; he's a buffoon when it comes to such topics (case in point: he said global warming is a hoax manufactured by the Chinese). Given his history, his choice of a crackpot for energy adviser isn't terribly surprising.
If you don't remember any big cities in North Dakota that could glow like that at night, it's because that's not a city. That's the light from huge numbers of fracking sites burning off excess gas. NASA Earth Observatory/NOAA NGDC
Cramer has a long record of climate change denial (apropos of nothing, over his career Cramer has received more than a half million bucks in funding from the fossil fuel industry, more than twice as much as any other industry). That's also not surprising given that North Dakota is one of the largest producers of oil and coal in the nation. The burning of excess natural gas fracked in the state is so intense it's easily visible to satellites in space. Given all that, Cramer denying climate change is de rigeur.
It's the degree (so to speak) to which he denies it that's staggering. He's part of the tiny, tiny head-in-the-sand deniers who won't even acknowledge the planet's heating up. That line in the video where he says, “We know the globe is cooling; number one we know that” is from 2012, just a few years ago. We've known since long before then the planet is heating up, and the past few years the warming has gone into overdrive; each of the past seven months have been the hottest of those months globally. To actually say out loud that the Earth is cooling would make Orwell blush.
But he wasn't done; he also added, “… the idea that CO2 is somehow causing global warming is on its face fraudulent.”
Holy. Baloney. He's not just denying global warming, he's denying a link between carbon dioxide and the planet's increasing temperature. For the record, carbon dioxide being a greenhouse gas has been a matter of scientific fact since 1896.
The conservative party really is conservative. When it comes to science, Trump and Cramer want to wind the clock back to the nineteenth century. At least.
Cramer has made it clear that if Trump gets elected, he'll be no friend to the environment, rolling back regulations and reversing the Clean Power Plan. Trump himself has said he'll back out of (or “renegotiate”) the Paris climate treaty, a claim he makes based on 100 percent utter nonsense.
It couldn't be more clear: If Trump does indeed take the White House our planet is, basically, screwed.
So, there you go. Nothing about this is at all surprising from the candidate who put away the dog whistle years ago, bringing out into the open the contempt he has for women, people of color, Muslims, gays, decorum, facts, and science. This is what the modern GOP hath wrought, and come November, hopefully they'll reap what they've sown.
Update, May 20, 2016: Due to a production error, an incomplete version of this post was originally published.
Venus and Serena Williams are now part owners of the UFC (Picture: Getty)
The UFC has been attracting big name celebrities to their fight nights in recent years and now the company has enlisted the investment of a host of stars.
Conan O'Brien, Ben Affleck, Serena and Venus Williams and Tom Brady are just a few of a string of celebrity investors who now have their hand in the UFC honey pot.
The UFC was sold for a whopping $4billion just before the landmark 200 events and it has now been announced that new owners WME-IMG gave the opportunity to a number of their clients to invest in the sport.
Advertisement
Advertisement
O'Brien revealed the news on his late night talk show and rattled off a number of stars who also jumped at the chance to become part owners including Maria Sharapova, Mark Wahlberg and Sylvester Stallone.
UFC president Dana White confirmed the news via is Twitter saying: ‘The UFC has even more owners,' with a link to O'Brien's video.
MORE: Exclusive: Gunnar Nelson admits UFC Fight Night 99 in Belfast will be like a home bout as SBG team member
Microsoft has finally accepted the long awaited change of embracing the open source and royalty free video format "WebM" developed by Google natively in the browser.
Earlier today, Microsoft updated its "Native WebM" UserVoice suggestion site for Microsoft Edge Development with "In Development" status.
It will definitely help out users on the most popular video streaming platform, YouTube, given that back in January, Google ditched Flash Player support altogether in favor of HTML5.
It remains to be seen when this feature will land on Edge through the Windows 10 Insider Preview. It's also unclear if Microsoft will provide only VP8 codec support, or VP9 as well, through the WebM container. Not to mention, the VP10 codec is also under development for tackling 4K content streaming issues.
WebM support was also present in Internet Explorer 9+ through a plugin from Google.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brendan Rodgers says Daniel Sturridge will feel right at home in next summer's World Cup – because he has all the attributes of a Brazilian striker.
And the Liverpool boss believes the 23-year-old is showing all the signs that he will become England's leading marksman in the future.
Birmingham-born Sturridge marked his return to the second city with the match-winning goal against Aston Villa on Saturday night - just seven days after his goal put Stoke City to the sword at Anfield.
Sturridge broke the deadlock midway through the first-half at Villa Park when he showed dazzling footwork to slalom his way through the home defence.
The £12m man's back-to-back strikes have taken his Liverpool tallies to 13 goals in just 18 appearances since joining the club in January and helped the Reds to their best start to a season for five years.
Rodgers was thrilled with Sturridge's performance at the weekend and says England - who are hoping to qualify for next year's World Cup in Brazil - are lucky to have such a potent striker at their disposal.
But the Liverpool manager has told Sturridge that he cannot get carried away with his red-hot form and must continue to work hard on the training ground.
Do so and Rodgers believes the former Chelsea man will become a predatory force for the Three Lions.
“If you look at Daniel Sturridge and what he has, as long as he continues and keeps his fitness, he would be a big, big threat for any team," said Rodgers.
"You'd look at him and people would think he'd maybe be a Brazilian striker with his body physique and his pace and power.
"England are fortunate to have him because he's a big, big talent. But he knows he needs to be consistent, he needs to get himself the games and the goals. I have got no doubt that he will be a massive asset for England."
“It's about consistency," he added.
"He's been here since January and strikers are judged on goals in games, and if you judge him on that his record's very good. But it's still very early, he's a lot more to do, but there is absolutely no question he's potentially the top English striker. He's got all the tools to be that. It was a terrific goal, good finish, good composure and another excellent performance from him.”
Sturridge arrived at Anfield in January with the reputation as a disruptive force who would never fulfil his potential.
Rodgers publicly warned the young striker that a move to Liverpool represented his final chance.
But Sturridge's response has been terrific and asked what has been the key to his transformation, Rodgers said: “There are a few things. Firstly, it's opportunity and confidence.
"He's a player that thrives on confidence. He's come into a really special football club where the supporters have made him feel really welcome and he's thriving on that. He's always had the ability but it's very difficult.
"He was at a great club at Manchester City and probably when he was about to get his chance, having come through the system there, all the money came into the club and there probably was no opportunity for a young player.
“So he made the move to Chelsea thinking maybe he was going to get more opportunities but there was Didier Drogba, senior players in front of him, so he never really got the chance, and then when he did play it was probably more in a wide area. He's a No9, he can move, he can sprint, he's a really good footballer as well, he's not just a goalscorer. You see his movement, his touch, and he's thrived on the confidence of his team-mates and the people around the club.”
Rodgers continued: "Liverpool's one of the most iconic clubs in the world. He was obviously leaving a good club at Chelsea but he's now come into a club that is worldwide, so he's never going to have a better platform, and he had the confidence of a manager who has always believed in him. It's been work. He's not used to playing. But we just said to him, 'You need to throw the dice, get out on the training field every day, work your socks off and everything else will take care of itself.'”
If you enjoy do-it-yourself photography hacks and projects, here's an interesting one for you to try: buy an old Soviet MIR-1B camera lens for about $45 on eBay, open it up by unscrewing the front, and reverse the front lens element. The result is a “reverse globular lens,” photographer Mathieu Stern says.
“Why just focus on the ultra expensive electronic lenses when you can do incredible things with just old glass?” Stern says. “The glass is the key to image beauty, not the internal motors.”
Here's what your resulting photographs will look like:
It's an interesting effect you can use in video as well. Here's a simple tutorial on this hack that shows what the lens products in video:
You can find more of these tricks and hacks on Stern's website and YouTube channel.
MARAWI CITY, Philippines (Reuters) - Bomb blasts rocked Marawi City in the southern Philippines on Monday as the national flag was raised to mark independence day, almost three weeks after hundreds of Islamist militants overran the town and hunkered down with civilians as human shields.
An abandoned hospital window is seen full of bullet holes, as government soldiers continue their assault against the Maute group in Marawi City, Philippines June 12, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
Rescue workers, soldiers and firemen sang the national anthem and listened to speeches as three OV-10 attack aircraft darted through the cloudy sky, taking it in turns to drop bombs on areas where fighters are still holed up.
“To our Muslim brothers there, we want to tell them to stop their meaningless fight because we are all Muslims,” Vice Provincial Governor Mamintal Adiong Jr. told the gathering.
Flag ceremonies are normally performed twice a week, but this was the first in the mainly Muslim town since May 23, the first day of the siege, when the militants killed and abducted Christians, and torched a cathedral.
Almost the entire population of about 200,000 fled from the lakeside town on the Philipppines' southernmost island of Mindanao, but beyond the checkpoints fencing it off there are still some 500-1,000 civilians trapped or being held hostage.
As of Saturday the number of security forces killed in the battle for Marawi stood at 58. The death toll for civilians was 20 and more than 100 had been killed overall.
The seizure of Marawi by fighters allied to Islamic State, including some from the Middle East, has alarmed Southeast Asian nations which fear the ultra-radical group - on a backfoot in Iraq and Syria - is trying to set up a stronghold on Mindanao that could threaten their region.
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte said on Sunday he had not expected the battle for Marawi to be as serious as it has turned out, adding it had now emerged “that Baghdadi himself, the leader of the ISIS, has specifically ordered terroristic activities here in the Philippines”.
Duterte did not say how he knew that Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, whose movement is commonly referred to as ISIS, had given instructions for the attack on Marawi.
PLAN TO TAKE OTHER CITIES FOILED
Foreign Affairs Minister Allan Peter Cayetano said in an independence day speech in Manila that the militants' had planned to take over at least two or three cities in Mindanao.
Their plot was foiled because troops made a preemptive raid on Marawi to capture Isnilon Hapilon, leader of the Abu Sayyaf group and Islamic State's “emir” of Southeast Asia.
“We want to coordinate very well with Indonesia and Malaysia so they won't also suffer in the hands of extremists,” he said.
“But the president knew at the start of his term that, as the allies become more successful in Syria and Iraq, they (Islamic State) will be looking for a land base, and Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines will be a potential target to them.”
Washington said at the weekend it was providing support to the Armed Forces of the Philippines to clear the militants from pockets of Marawi. Manila said this was technical assistance and there were no U.S. “boots on the ground”.
A U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said support included aerial surveillance and targeting, electronic eavesdropping, communications assistance and training. A U.S. P-3 Orion surveillance plane was seen over the town on Friday.
The cooperation between the longtime allies in the battle is significant because Duterte, who came to power a year ago, has taken a hostile stance towards Washington and has vowed to eject U.S. military trainers and advisers from his country.
A bullet hole is seen on an abandoned hospital door, as government troops continue their assaults against the Maute group, in Marawi City, Philippines June 12, 2017. REUTERS/Romeo Ranoco
The Pentagon has no permanent presence in the Philippines but for years has kept 50 to 100 special forces troops in the south of the country on rotational exercises.
Duterte said on Sunday he had not sought support from Washington to end the siege and had not been aware that U.S. special forces were assisting.
Cayetano said the government did not need to be involved in decisions on U.S. participation because of a bilateral visiting forces agreement and, with “events happening real time”, such matters are left to the armed forces and defense department.
The generosity of random strangers on the Internet towards other random strangers on the Internet astounds me almost every day, and my amazing gift from my Reddit Secret Santa is no exception. I can tell they spent a lot of time coming up with a selection of items that I would like, and I'm happy to report that I absolutely LOVE everything they gave me!
Not only did they send me three big bags of sweet delicious gummies (my sweet tooth should be satiated for the next month or so - just in time for the post-Valentine's Day candy rush!), they also sent me a lovely Givenchy lipstick in a beautiful shade of deep crimson red. I will be thinking of my Secret Santa every time I get ready for a fancy shmancy night out on the town!
And last but most certainly not least, they included a flat brown envelope in the package, which contained the most amazing gift of all: an autographed picture of Pierce Brosnan! I'm pretty sure I screamed when I saw it. I doubt my Secret Santa knew this but it's actually one of my favourite pictures of Brosnan ever, from a famous fire-themed photoshoot he did to promote GoldenEye (one of my favourite Bond movies), and the silver Sharpie autograph on it was just the cherry on top. I'm going to get it framed this weekend and it will hang in my house forever.
Five amazing gifts from one incredibly generous Redditor. I'm so glad I decided to do Reddit Secret Santa for the first time this year, and I can't thank you enough. :)
There was a sort of symbolism in the way President Donald Trump and his inner circle formulated and rolled out last Friday's executive order blocking entry to the United States from seven Muslim-majority nations; according to Politico:
Senior staffers on the House Judiciary Committee helped Donald Trump's top aides draft the executive order curbing immigration from seven Muslim-majority nations, but the Republican committee chairman and party leadership were not informed, according to multiple sources involved in the process… It's extremely rare for administration officials to circumvent Republican leadership and work directly with congressional committee aides…GOP leaders received no advance warning or briefings from the White House or Judiciary staff on what the executive order would do or how it would be implemented…Republicans on the Hill spent the entire weekend scrambling to find out what was going on, who was involved and how it was that they were caught so flat-footed.
“Caught so flat-footed” is basically the entire story of Trump and the Republican establishment (and later, Hillary Clinton and the Democrats), and what makes this a story for Stratechery is that, as with so many other things in our world, technology is directly implicated.
Political Parties and the Media
There is little question that social media is the most important factor in Trump ascending to the presidency. No, not because of fake news — new research confirms the common sense conclusion that made-up stories almost exclusively appeal to people who have already made up their minds — but rather the dilution of “real” news, or more broadly, the media as a whole.
As I explained last year, in a world where most voters only had access to one or two newspapers, or three or four TV stations, the sheer logistics of gaining the sort of nationwide awareness necessary for a viable presidential campaign required institutional support — political parties, specifically. This was the core thesis of The Party Decides, a conventional wisdom-defining book which held that, even though the presidential candidate selection process had shifted from smoke-filled rooms to democratic primaries (and somewhat less democratic caucuses), in practice political parties (specifically, the activists who actually cared about outcomes and thus did the work and raised the money) still had veto power on their candidates.
What so many missed, though, was that this definition of political parties and the roles they play was inextricably tied up with the media — specifically, the pre-Internet media. As long as there were only two ways to reach voters — “paid” media (i.e. advertisements) and “earned” media (i.e. news coverage) — then those who raised the money and made the news had the power to end most campaigns before they could even begin.
However, as has been well-documented on this site and many others, the media industry has, thanks to the Internet, been completely stripped of its gatekeeper role when it comes to the spread of information. Instead of scarce newspapers or TV stations there is an abundance of information providers, which means the real power has shifted from distribution to discovery.
Thus, by extension, the real power in politics has shifted from parties to the people.
Facebook Candidates
The first company to benefit from the shift to abundance was Google, which reduced newspapers to articles and proceeded to give you exactly what you were looking for; in 2008 the search engine's increasing importance paid off in a big way for a then relatively-unknown Senator from Illinois named Barack Obama, who both dominated Google Trends and invested disproportionately in Internet advertising generally and search advertising in particular.
Eight years later the dominant force in discovery is Facebook; whereas Google gave answers, Facebook doesn't even require you to ask a question. And, once again, the winning candidate was the one who dominated the new metrics: Hillary Clinton may have had 500 newspapers and magazine endorsements to Trump's 27, and may have spent more than twice as much as the Republican nominee on television ads, but the ratio was reversed when it came to digital advertising, and perhaps most tellingly Trump crushed Clinton when it came to Facebook activity, with over 960 million likes, comments, shares & posts, as compared to Clinton's 410 million.
Interestingly, there was one candidate who rivaled Trump on Facebook; according to FiveThirtyEight, as of April 18 Bernie Sanders had 25% of all Presidential ‘likes', exceeding Trump's 24%:
There are obviously caveats to this data, as FiveThirtyEight notes:
Be careful how you interpret these numbers: Facebook likes are not votes. According to the Pew Research Center, 58 percent of American adults use Facebook. But this share is not a representative sample of the country — Facebook users are disproportionately young (although not as young as users of other social media networks), low-income and female. And the sample may be even more skewed because only some people on Facebook have liked a presidential candidate's page and because those pages haven't existed for the same amount of time. As “The Literary Digest” taught us in 1936, large but biased samples aren't so effective.
I'll add my own caveat: this isn't a political blog, and I'm making no judgment on how Sanders may have fared in a hypothetical face-off with Trump. Rather, there is a broader takeaway about the Internet's impact.
Breaking Through on the Internet
Consider the mechanics of reaching voters/customers/users:
Before the Internet, when distribution was the bottleneck, the optimal strategy was to maximize the available throughput. The best example is consumer packaged goods: companies like Proctor & Gamble built massive brands that were designed to appeal to the broadest swaths of population possible, maximizing the return on the effort and expense necessary to advertise and secure retail space. In the case of politics, this manifested as a push by the parties for broadly acceptable candidates who could appeal to the middle.
Internet companies, on the other hand, have effectively infinite throughput. Amazon, for example, unbound by the need for shelf space and capitalizing on its transformation into an e-commerce platform, can plausibly bill itself as “The Store”; products are found not through browsing but by search. This, by extension, means that products need to be wanted, not simply recognized — and the same goes for Google's impact on politics.
Facebook, as is its wont, supercharges these effects: instead of users “pulling” out content they are interested in, the algorithm “pushes” content based on its capability of driving engagement. And what drives engagement? Emotion and passion. That may mean a funny product video, or, in the case of politics, politicians who eschew the middle and run to the extremes.
Given the fundamentally different mechanics of Internet distribution, those Facebook numbers make a lot more sense: the extremes inspire passion which drives engagement; “broadly acceptable” doesn't go anywhere.
This has profound implications for products and politics. First and foremost, it is fundamentally misguided to simply view “digital” as another channel that you layer on top of traditional marketing/campaign tactics like TV advertisements. In fact, products and politicians designed for the TV age — that is, meant to be palatable to the greatest number of people — are at a fundamental disadvantage on platforms like Facebook. The products and politicians that win inspire passion, stirring up a level of engagement that breaks through on a scale that far exceeds an ad buy. To put it another way, above I mentioned “paid” media and “earned” media; what matters on the Internet is “inspired” media.
The second implication is just as profound: campaigns — both for products and presidential candidates — used to be discrete events. This too sprang from the constraints of media: it takes a significant logistical effort to get a campaign off the ground. That, however, is not the case for “inspired” media: customers/voters are not passive recipients, they are active participants, and the speed with which a campaign can be created is breathtaking.
Consider the protests that erupted in response to that executive order: in a matter of hours tens of thousands of people were marching at airports around the country, driven not by professional politicians running a campaign but in response to exhortations on social media — and, as with any campaign, there was a lot of money raised as well.
The broader takeaway is that the Internet is the Rubicon: products, politicians, and strategies that were optimal on one side are suboptimal on the other. There is little to be gained from “layering on” a digital strategy to a broadly acceptable mass market offering; to succeed on the Internet the pursuit of passion must be the goal from the beginning.
Share Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
The launch of the new Lumia Denim firmware update is imminent, and according to a new photo published online this morning, some devices are already getting it as we speak.
Lumia Denim was initially scheduled for launch in the fourth quarter of the year, which means that at least flagships could get it in December, while the rest of the Lumia lineup is expected to receive the update in early 2015.
However, details on the exact release date are really scarce right now, and despite what some sources are saying, nobody knows for sure the name of the devices to get the new firmware this month.
The photo you're seeing here shows Lumia Denim running on four devices, namely the Lumia 530, 635, 830, and the Icon, which was exclusively available in the United States at Verizon.
Obviously, nobody can guarantee that this photo is 100 percent real, so we shouldn't take it for granted until we hear something official from Microsoft. None of our devices here at Softpedia has received the update, no matter if they're registered for the Preview for Developers program or not.
It has nothing to do with PfD
While nobody can tell if this photo is fake or not, there are a few things that need to be clarified before anything else.
First and foremost, it's worth mentioning that the Lumia 830 does come with Lumia Denim by default, but the fact that it's included in this picture doesn't change much about it. The big news is that Denim might become available on Lumia 530 and the Icon very soon, while the 830 could also get its very own batch of improvements.
At the same time, the photo doesn't appear to be photoshopped in any way, and it seems to be taken with an iPhone 6, which adds another bonus point to the veracity side of this story.
Another thing that's worth taking into account is the fact that the Preview for Developers program has nothing to do with Lumia Denim. Microsoft doesn't ship early versions of its firmware updates to users enrolled in this program, so it doesn't matter if your device is actually running a preview version of Windows Phone or not.
In the end, it's pretty clear that the release of Lumia Denim is approaching and Microsoft itself has confirmed that carrier approval is all we need to get the update. The only problem is that it takes too much time for this to happen and many users are getting tired of waiting.
Last week, I ventured some remarks about the Justice Department case against Harvard University for discriminating against Asian Americans. This brought in a surprising number of emails. I'll take just two main points:
First main point raised by readers: Import an overclass? We already did that!
Listeners who made this point were referring of course to the Ashkenazi Jews who poured into the U.S.A. 1880-1920.
Indeed; and colleges responded to second-generation Jewish academic prowess just as they are now responding to Asian-Americans. They imposed quotas.
The parallel's an obvious one. I didn't raise it last week for two reasons. One, it was too far off the main topic, which was Asian American quotas. Two, the rise and fall of the mid-20th-century Jewish quotas is a long and tangled tale, very capably told by Ron Unz in the American Conservative article I mentioned: The Myth of American Meritocracy. [November 28, 2012]
While I'm at it, I'll tell you again that if you don't like reading long-form articles online, the essay is also on paper in Ron's book with the same title.
Ron's account is closely based on a 2005 book by Berkeley sociologist Jerome Karabel: The Chosen: The Hidden History of Admission and Exclusion at Harvard, Yale, and Princeton . In brief:
The Ivy League universities in the early years of the 20th century practiced a more or less meritocratic admissions policy, with academic merit the main consideration. The Ashkenazi immigrants of the Great Wave, however, had a mean IQ significantly higher than the WASP elites who ran those universities; so, when Ashkenazi children came of college age, they began to swamp the admissions.
The WASP elites responded at first by imposing frank, open quotas. That caused controversy, though; so the university presidents backed off to a so-called “holistic” process — basically a subjective one that, as Ron wrote, allowed the ethnicity of the student body to be shaped as desired by undeclared de facto quotas:
The Jewish portion of Harvard's entering class dropped from nearly 30 percent in 1925 to 15 percent the following year and remained roughly static until … the Second World War.
After the war those de facto quotas collapsed. Jews today are again at 25 percent of the student body at Ivy League universities. Since the college-age population is only 1.8 percent Jewish, that's an extraordinary over-representation. Twenty-five divided by 1.8 is almost fourteen. Given the “tail effect” you get in statistical distributions with different means, though, it perhaps reflects the reality of higher mean Ashkenazi intelligence.
But then the question arises: Why can elite colleges get away with admissions policies that reflect the higher mean IQ of Ashkenazi Jews when they are apparently not willing to let those policies reflect the higher mean IQ of Asian Americans?
I'll offer a three-part answer.
Part One of my answer: The breakdown of the anti-Jewish de facto quotas after WW2—what caused that?
From Ron Unz:
Karabel convincingly demonstrates that the collapse of the long-standing Jewish quotas in the Ivy League during the decade following World War II only occurred as a result of massive media and political pressure, pressure surely facilitated by very heavy Jewish ownership of America's major media organs, including all three television networks, eight of nine major Hollywood studios, and many of the leading newspapers, including both the New York Times and the Washington Post. By contrast, Asian-Americans today neither own nor control even a single significant media outlet, and they constitute an almost invisible minority in films, television, radio, and print. For most Americans, what the media does not report simply does not exist, and there is virtually no major media coverage of what appear to be de facto Asian quotas at our top academic institutions. [Emphasis added].
Part Two of my answer: Jews are white, Asians are not, and while any overclass is resented, a racially distinctive overclass is resented more than one that barely looks any different from the resenters.
Anti-Semites know this; that's why they put out drawings of the hunch-backed, hook-nosed cartoon Jew when they want to inflame anti-Jewish feeling. It makes the Jew plainly a different race.
Part Three of my answer: even under the current covert quotas, Asian Americans are enrolled at elite colleges in numbers far above their five percent share of the U.S. population.
Yes, they're being held down: on a strictly meritocratic basis their numbers would be much higher yet, because of the arithmetic of those distribution tails. Still, strictly measured by demographic proportionality, they're high.
So yes, we were importing an overclass a hundred years ago. Elite universities dealt with the issue by fudging and chicanery—just as they are dealing with this repeat performance.
There are some key differences, though. Jews are white, which makes things easier to fudge. Also, the high IQ of Ashkenazi Jews is more verbal than visuo-spatial, leading to that dominance in the shaping of opinion.
Asian Americans, by contrast, are much more visible as a group. And their high IQ is more visuo-spatial than verbal, giving us more engineers and scientists, fewer writers, lawyers, comedians, movie and newspaper moguls.
But in both cases, non-Asian gentiles get squeezed. We un-squeeze blacks and Hispanics with Affirmative Action, but that just squeezes white gentiles even more.
Under our current state ideology, the orthodox approach to that hovers somewhere between “Who cares?” and “Serve them right!”
Whether that ideology can be sustained going forward through the 21st century, is an interesting question.
Second point main point raised by readers: any merit-based immigration system imports an overclass.
I agree. Consider for example India. The mean IQ of that country is 82. The mean IQ of Indians in the U.S.A., on the other hand, is 106—higher than the mean for white gentile Americans.
So there's an overclass we've imported … from a low-IQ population.
The same applies to Africa. The mean IQ in black Africa is 70, which is very low. Assuming a normal distribution with mean 70 and standard deviation 15, Microsoft Excel tells me that only 0.0032 percent of the population is higher than 130 IQ.
That's a teeny-tiny percent; but there are an awful lot of black Africans: 1.2 billion is the latest number I've seen. Point zero zero three two percent of 1.2 billion is 38,000. Every one of those 38,000 very-smart Africans is applying for a U.S. student visa.
Caribbean blacks are, for complicated reasons, somewhat smarter than black Africans. Add them into the mix and we're importing a small black overclass.
Is this something we should be bothered about? We-e-ell … there are contrary factors to consider.
Under the present regime of chain migration, for example, all those smart Indians and Africans can bring in their way-less-smart siblings, brides, parents, and even cousins. You could argue that long-term that evens out the mix.
ORDER IT NOW
There's also regression to the mean. The offspring of these high-IQ immigrants will regress towards their population mean — although not all the way to it, or else Natural Selection wouldn't work. Given the likelihood of assortative mating, in fact — smart immigrants marrying other smart people — regression all the way back to the population mean is highly improbable, even after many generations.
So, no, this is not a great issue. It is an issue, though — an issue that lurks behind all the happy talk about a merit-based system of immigration.
The first time America imported an overclass, we did so accidentally. When that Great Wave of Ashkenazi Jews came in after 1881, we had only the vaguest ideas about population differentials in intelligence and personality. Psychometry as a quantitative science was just getting started.
Now we understand much more, and can make better decisions. If we import a new overclass today, we'll be doing it deliberately. We know enough to not do it.
And any overclass we import now will be nonwhite. That follows just from the balance of races in the world being much different than it was 100 years ago.
If you're a nonwhite who doesn't like white people, you are fine with that. If you're a white person living in one of the globalist-bubble districts — big coastal cities, college towns — you may think it's no big deal, we can all get along.
The rest of us are shaking our heads.
Wait a minute, someone at the back of the hall has a question. Yes, Sir? … OK, for those of you who couldn't hear, the question was:
“Mr. Derbyshire: You are against mass immigration from south of the border because you don't want to import a low-IQ, low-human-capital underclass. And you're against merit-based immigration because you don't want to import a nonwhite overclass. So who would you let in for permanent settlement?”
To which I'll give my standard answer.
Spouses and dependent children of U.S. citizens.
Nobel Prize- level geniuses.
Solzhenitsyn-level distinguished nonviolent dissidents from despotic states.
Foreigners who've put their lives on the line to help U.S. interests.
A few hundred other special cases per annum — a statutory maximum of one thousand, say — considered individually.
Nobody else at all.
We've had the doors wide open for fifty years. Time for an assimilation break.
Time for a moratorium.
Not the time to raise the temperature of social discord by heaping further insults and injustices on white gentile Americans.
John Derbyshire [email him] writes an incredible amount on all sorts of subjects for all kinds of outlets. (This no longer includes National Review, whose editors had some kind of tantrum and fired him. ) He is the author of We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism and several other books. He has had two books published by VDARE.com com:FROM THE DISSIDENT RIGHT (also available in Kindle) and FROM THE DISSIDENT RIGHT II: ESSAYS 2013.
A 21-year-old man was arrested on Tuesday after police responded to reports of loud bangs in a garden.
©Gillian McBain
A man has been arrested after suspected explosives were found in a house by police investigating reports of loud bangs in a garden.
The 21-year-old is currently detained after officers searched a house on Tuesday on Gateside Street in West Kilbride and found the explosive material.
Nearby homes were evacuated and bomb disposal team are at the scene assessing the incident in North Ayrshire.
Residents were allowed to return to their homes on Wednesday evening.
Police responded to reports at around 6.30pm on Tuesday that "loud bangs" had been heard in a garden.
After a search of the property, a quantity of "potential explosives" were found.
Officers remain at the scene along with an Explosive Ordnance Disposal Unit, and the area is still cordoned off.
Feedback: We want your feedback on our site. If you've got questions, spotted an inaccuracy or just want to share some ideas about our news service, please email us on web@stv.tvweb@stv.tv.
Download: The STV News app is Scotland's favourite and is available for iPhone from the App store and for Android from Google Play. Download it today and continue to enjoy STV News wherever you are.
Join in: For debate, chat, comment and more, join our communities on the STV News Facebook page or follow @STVNews on Twitter.
Updates: Would you like STV's latest news update in your inbox every morning? Choose from our range of regular e-newsletters here.
The goat woman: Chinese grandmother, 101, grows mystery horn on forehead
An elderly Chinese woman has stunned her family and fellow villagers by growing from her forehead a horn than resembles a goat's.
Grandmother Zhang Ruifang, 101, of Linlou village, Henan province, began developing the mysterious protrusion last year.
Since then it has grown 2.4in in length and another now appears to emerging on the other side of the mother of seven's forehead.
Bizarre: Zhang Ruifang began growing a horn last year. It is now 2.4in long
The condition has left her family baffled and worried.
Her youngest of six sons, Zhang Guozheng, 60, said when a patch of rough skin formed on her forehead last year ‘we didn't pay too much attention to it'.
‘But as time went on a horn grew out of her head and it is now 6cm long,' added Mr Zhang, whose eldest brother and sibling is 82 years old.
‘Now something is also growing on the right side of her forehead. It's quite possible that it's another horn.'
Although, it is unknown what the protrusion is on Mrs Zhang's head, it resembles a cutaneous horn.
This is a funnel-shaped growth and although most are only a few millimetres in length, some can extend a number of inches from the skin.
Cutaneous horns are made up of compacted keratin, which is the same protein we have in our hair and nails, and forms horns, wool and feathers in animals.
They usually develop in fair-skinned elderly adults who have a history of significant sun exposure but it is extremely unusual to see it form protrusions of this size.
The growths are most common in elderly people, aged between 60 and the mid-70s. They can sometimes be cancerous but more than half of cases are benign.
Common underlying causes of cutaneous horns are common warts, skin cancer and actinic keratoses, patches of scaly skin that develop on skin exposed to the sun, such as your face, scalp or forearms.
Cutaneous horns can be removed surgically but this does not treat the underlying cause.
So, Saturday's nearly here – shortly, the links that you have received in your inbox for the Open Online Badge Registration will go live and you will join the thousands that are prepared to brave the madness and mayhem that is San Diego Comic-Con! Let's get those badges!
It's always good to have as much preparation under your belt for such an occasion but you have to remember: so much is out of your control. There's a lot of fate, a lot of luck and a lot of determination that goes into taking part in these Badge Sales. Sure, you can tip the odds a little in your favour by taking part in a Badge Team – a small collective of like-minded con buddies, all with each others details and buying for the team – but the randomness of the system, introduced by CCI and EPIC back in 2013, means that it's probably best to adopt somewhat of a Zen attitude to the whole affair.
Ohmmmmmmmmmm. Now… breathe.
A little more relaxed? Probably not but, look, we had to try! Let's go through the essentials that it's best to cover before the whole thing gets under way…
1. Familiarize yourselves with the Process.
A couple years back, Comic-Con International released a really handy video that walked you through the Pre-Registration badge buying process – when it was first uploaded, we hoped there to be a follow-up for Open-Online Registration. However, considering the usual shitstorm of bile and bluster that accompanies vids like this (usually comments decrying that long-time attendees don't get preference/there are less and fewer comics at Comic-Con/you make it too difficult/organisers and their families should die in a horrible car crash… y'know, the usual constructive stuff), it's not surprising that they haven't exactly rushed to make another one.
The good news is, with only a couple of slight differences, the process that you'll go through on Saturday will look remarkably like the one shown in this video. So, sit back, grab some popcorn and listen to the dulcet tones of Comic-Con Voiceover Man as he guides you through the process. Watch it a couple of times so there's no big surprises when the Registration Sessions open.
2. Have your Registration Code ready.
The description of the Badge Sale process, as described by Comic-Con International in their Toucan Blog, rings incredibly like the system introduced in 2013 with a couple of minor changes – it worked (for them) so why change it too much? One thing they have altered this year for returning attendees is a method of making sure that only actual 2014 attendees can take part with the verification of a code, assigned to each Member ID that can take part in Saturday's badge sale.
The Registration Code is something you will need to enter the Waiting Room, it has not been emailed to you with the link, so do head to your Member ID page and you'll find it in the Registration Info tab. Copy and paste that into your Notepad doc. What, you don't have a Notepad doc open? Well, that's checklist point No. 3…!
3. Have ALL your details to hand.
Member ID. Registration Code. Your credit card details. (Surname? Maybe, if your name is rather convoluted and there's a little too much stress blood in your head right now.) If you're taking part in a Badge Team (more on this in a bit), have the details of your compatriots to hand, too, such as their Surnames and Member ID's. It's good to have this in a doc you can easily refer to on screen, even copy-and-paste to make sure to don't mistype a stray number. “But, how can I easily have these to hand if I'm using a mobile device?”, I hear you cry. And then you feel me clip you round the ear because CCI have advised that you use a laptop/desktop browser, instead of a tablet or phone. That's leading us to the ideal choice of browser for you to use…
4. Check your browser is up to scratch.
Comic-Con International says that you must have JavaScript enabled and your cookies up-to-date. Nope, I've no idea either. The good news is, there's a page that allows to to check the status of your browser. Click on it now, give your window to the Real World a test drive…
5. Badge Teaming – get it together.
‘Get it together.' Get it? Because you're coming together and you're going to get badges – together. Go Team! But, to make the team work well, you need to have everything in place, such a credit card with available funds for all the rest of your teammates, along with all of theire details (and that's where that Notepad doc comes in handy). Also, communication is key – either set up a Facebook Messenger Chat or a conference chat on mobile text. When a member gets in to the Badge Sale process, the rest of the team needs to know so that, if they get in too, they're not going to put in your details for a second time, invalidating the form. And you don't want that to happen, right? Keep everyone on the same page and things will run so much smoothly.
7. Keep your eyes open. You're not alone.
Comic-Con are going to be updating their Twitter feed regularly over the next couple of hours. They're going to be refreshing their ‘yellow box' of info in the Waiting Room. There's going to be plenty of people, doing their best to keep you up to date with our Twitters – including us! There's the #SDCCOpenOnline hashtag to keep an eye on. Hell, if you're confident with your bandwidth wherever you are, you can even check in with The San Diego Comic-Con Unofficial Blog's live hangout which will run live during the whole she-bang (probably best to watch that on a different device than the one you're doing your badge purchase on, yeah…? Yeah…!)
The point is: you're not the only one going through this today and, while there isn't a way to keep a track on how everyone's doing in the ‘queue' any more, you can still find out how everything's progressing, in real time. God knows, there's going to be enough people talking about how things are going! Don't forget: #BeTheCheerio!
8. Don't rush – you'll only trip up over yourself.
You know when you're at the airport check-in and everyone is crowding around the desk, jostling for position, kicking, punching, biting? Maybe that is what happened with the Badge Sales, back when it was ‘first-come, first-in'. But now, with the random drawing and selection of groups into the Sale process, that's all out of the window. So, relax: the last thing you need to do is panic. No need to enter the Waiting Room bang on 9am – you've got an hour to do so and nobody gets preference to when you click on that link. Get a cup of tea. Toast some crumpets. Take a breath, until you're entered into the badge buying process, after 9am PT/12 Midday ET/5pm GMT. Speaking of which…
9. You're in! Now… Relax.
Once you're in the Badge Registration process, you have FIFTEEN MINUTES to get through all the forms and finish everything up. Don't worry, the badges that are available when you entered the Session are locked in, you're not going to lose them. So, hey, think of it this way: what else can you do? Slow down, take a breath – there's no need to rush through the forms any more, thinking the badges are going to vanish in front of your very eyes. Even if you are the slowest typist on the planet, fifteen minutes should prove plenty of time for you to enter your details, check and double-check – hey, even triple-check if you're impressively anal. Best get it right, yeah? Well, chill out for a spell – you have the time to do that.
10. An-nnnnnnnnnnd done – for better or worse.
By the time all the dust has settled, you'll either have badges under your belt – or, regrettably, not. If it's the latter, don't throw yourself from the nearest bridge just yet – I'd even recommend hitting San Diego anyway. The way that Comic-Con has evolved in recent years has meant that the entire city has become a full convention in its own right, there's simply no way for you not to discover something exciting and fascinating to entice you in every corner of San Diego. Take a trip, have a blast.
Yeah, you're not buying that last one either, right? Well, I tried!
Best of luck, everybody.
This post is an edited version of the one we posted prior to the Pre-Registration Badge Sale, back in November. Hey, nothing like recycling good material.
If you liked it, share it: Google
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
Reddit
Facebook
More
Print
Email
Pocket
Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam.
Wearing a white pantsuit, Hillary Clinton plodded out on stage to accept the nomination that she had schemed, plotted, lied, cheated, rigged and eventually fixed a series of elections to obtain.
Then she claimed that she was accepting the nomination of a race she had rigged with “humility”.
Humility is not the first word that comes to mind when thinking of Hillary Clinton. It is not even the last word. It is not in the Hillary dictionary at all. But this convention was a desperate effort to humanize Hillary. Everyone, including her philandering husband and dilettante daughter, down to assorted people she had met at one point, were brought up on stage to testify that she really is a very nice person.
This wasn't a convention. It was a series of character witnesses for a woman with no character. It was an extensive apology for the Left's radical agenda cloaked in fake patriotism and celebrity adulation.
Sinclair Lewis famously said, "When Fascism comes to America, it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross". More accurately, when Communism comes to America, it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross. That's what the Democratic National Convention was.
This night presented Hillary Clinton as all things to all people. She was a passionate fighter who found plenty of time to spend with her family. She is for cops and for cop-killers. She likes the Founding Fathers and political correctness. She wants Democrats to be the party of working people and of elitist government technocrats. And, most especially, she cares about people like you.
The convention, like everything about Hillary, was awkward and insincere.
There was Bernie glaring into the camera just as Hillary was thanking him for rallying a bunch of young voters whom she hoped to exploit. There was Chelsea Clinton reminding everyone that the Clintons are a dynasty and that everyone in it gets a job because of their last name, right before introducing her mother whose only real qualification for her belated entry into politics was her last name. And there was Jennifer Granholm who got an opportunity to have an incoherent public meltdown at the convention.
There's the mandatory video explaining how Hillary Clinton personally hunted down Osama bin Laden while sitting in a chair. “She's carrying the hope and the rage of an entire nation,” Morgan Freeman intones. Coming in November 2016. And Hillary Clinton will be played by Meryl Streep. Donald Trump is compared to Nurse Ratched from One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. It's rather obvious even to the handful of Hillary supporters that their candidate fits the Ratched role much better than Trump does.
The audience was told incessantly that Hillary Clinton loves small children. Once would have been enough. Twice would have been enough. By the millionth repetition, it seems more like Hillary is the witch trying to lure children into her gingerbread house.
Helping out with that task were a continuing parade of young female celebrities. If you thought that Elizabeth Banks and Lena Dunham were awkward, just wait for Katy Perry and Chloe Moretz urging their cohort to go out there and vote for Hillary right after a bunch of ex-military people claim that the woman who helped ISIS take over two countries and the Muslim Brotherhood even more countries than that will be good for national security.
General John Allen, formerly of the Marine Corps, currently employed by Qatar's pet Brookings think tank, insisted that only Hillary Clinton could defeat ISIS. That's like saying that only Mrs. O'Leary's cow could put out the Great Chicago Fire which she started. Furthermore Qatar played a major role in the expansion of Islamic terrorism that helped culminate in the current crisis.
There were treasonous Republicans, confused celebrities and a weirdly lifelike Nancy Pelosi. There was yet another New York politician likely to be indicted, Andy Cuomo, trying much too hard. But topping them all was Hillary Clinton who was in her manic mode, trying too hard to be human, and failing.
Eyes wide, looking suspiciously from side to side, shrilly barking lines into the microphone that stripped them of their emotional context, Hillary delivered both sides of her personality in one speech.
And both sides of her agenda.
The radical agenda of the Left was clumsily cloaked in references to the Founding Fathers. The same group of people whose names the Left want to see ground into the dirt. Hillary's call for collectivism, the insistence that none of us can do anything as individuals, was dressed up in E Pluribus Unum and the Founding Fathers.
Sinclair Lewis was almost right. When Communism comes to America, it will be wrapped in the flag.
The old Elizabeth Warren-Barack Obama theme of “You didn't build that” had become Hillary's theme once again. No one does anything on their own. It takes a village of bloated bureaucrats to do anything. And Hillary has to be appointed to run this village of bloated bureaucrats who, like her, never actually do anything but sing their own praises and then give themselves pay raises and more power to abuse.
Donald Trump, we are told, is a terrible person who actually believes in individualism. While good progressives like Hillary know that individualism is a pernicious lie told by running dog capitalists.
And Hillary will be a “a President for Democrats, Republicans, and Independents”. She'll be such a good president that we won't even need elections anymore. Just like the Democrats dispensed with them. There will just be one “village” under Hillary and Huma and the rest of their ridiculous neo-Reds.
Then Hillary will fix the economy by banning people from giving money to Republicans and promoting voter fraud. She will legalize illegal aliens to “grow our economy” by destroying still more American jobs. And she will see to it that companies “share profits” to working people. And by working people, she means the Clintons. College will be free. And the “super-rich” will pay for it all.
The “super-rich” are the really rich. Not flat broke paupers like the Clintons.
Half of Hillary's new positions were things that she had rejected as too radical when Bernie proposed them. Now they're not too radical anymore. Because the Democrats always keep turning Left.
Yesterday's crazy radical idea is tomorrow's Democratic slogan. Yesterday's Alinsky disciple is tomorrow's moderate Democrat. Yesterday's Communist notion is tomorrow's DNC speech.
And so Hillary Clinton embraced wealth redistribution and re-appropriation from people who aren't her. She embraced it with verve and gusto. She pushed Communism dressed up in references to the Founding Fathers. It takes a village to take away all our political and economic freedoms.
Bernie Sanders lost, but he won. Or rather it didn't matter which of them won since they both shared the same radical agenda. The only difference was that Bernie was willing to be honest about it.
Hillary wasn't. Until now.
This was a speech that could have been given in Moscow during the Cold War. Instead it was delivered to an enthusiastic audience of Democrats who love the idea of taking away someone else's money. Beneath all the distractions, the celebrities and family stories, is the fundamental idea that Hillary has more of a right to your money than you do because she is “humbly” more enlightened than you are.
There's a name for that ideology. It comes with a hammer and sickle, with the color red, with gulags and firing squads, with little red books and big black prisons, and the death of the human soul.
Hillary made a mistake by wearing a white pants suit to her coronation. She should have worn red.
Former Blues halfback Peter Sterling says the door is still open for Mitchell Pearce to make a return to the NSW State of Origin side.
The talented 27-year-old has played 15 matches for the Blues but missed the 2016 series following his Australia Day indiscretions that resulted in an eight-week suspension to start the season.
Pearce has only registered four victories against the once-in-a-generation Queensland side and has often been made the scapegoat for his side's losses, but Sterling said the Roosters halfback was still in the frame for NSW selection.
He will face stiff competition for a Blues jersey in 2017 with incumbent halves James Maloney and Matt Moylan impressing on the Four Nations tour, while Adam Reynolds – who missed Game III through injury – will also be in contention, as will uncap stars Blake Austin and Nathan Cleary.
Pearce, who has worn the No.7 jersey in 12 of his 15 Origin appearances – overcame injuries to play a starring role for the Roosters in the back end of last season and will be on the selectors' radar if he can keep that form up.
"I'd love to see him back in contention for sure. He's got a lot to offer," Sterling said.
"We know that he's had some problems, but when it comes to what he can do on the football field then there's never been any question about that.
"It'll be dependent on how he starts the season, where his headspace is and how well he's playing, and when it comes to the number sevens, he's right up there with the very best of them and he's had plenty of experience so that will put him in very strong contention."
How Daley helped lure Sterling to NSWRL
Peter Sterling to pick NSW emerging camp
Sterling said there was no denying Pearce's ability on the field and is confident his eight-game suspension has set him straight away from the field as well.
"I know it's a bit of a cliché but he's a great bloke. I know that that only goes so far and there are certain areas that he's had to address and hopefully he will have done that," the former Eels great said.
"He copped a kick up the backside this year, and it was one that was obviously needed, but if his head's right then his game is there.
"We just need proof that he's learnt from past mistakes and that he's ready to maybe take that next step again to really become one of our elite players and one of our leaders, because I know it's there; it's just got to come to the fore more so than it has in the past."
Sterling said he'd be happy to sit down with Pearce to discuss what it would take to get back in the Origin team, but admitted there were other people better placed to help the Roosters halfback.
"I don't know if that's my role [but] I'm happy to," Sterling said.
"I think Trent Robinson – his club coach – has got a pretty good idea of what Mitchell Pearce should be doing on the paddock, so I don't want to be stepping on anybody's toes.
"But if there is an avenue to have a little bit of a chat about parts of his game [I'd be open to that]. I think Andrew Johns has done work with him as well and may do so again."
Blues coach Laurie Daley has publicly supported Pearce in the past and said the halfback's wellbeing was the most pressing issue going forward.
"Sometimes you have to hit rock bottom before you can get back up," Daley said.
"From all reports Mitch is going really well. He's training the house down with the Roosters and he's really turned his life around.
"I think we all know that Mitch is a really good kid. Obviously he's made some mistakes over the last couple of years, but he's still got plenty in front of him.
"I just want to see Mitch get settled in life – which he is at the moment – and go out and play some really good footy for the Roosters. Whatever happens after that is a bonus."
“I guarantee that there is no political influence in any investigation conducted by the Justice Department, or the FBI—not just in this case but in any case,” President Obama said in an interview with Fox News this past April. Despite his repeated claims of not influencing the Department of Justice and FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton‘s private email server scandal, Obama has helped shield her throughout the fiasco.
The White House has protected Clinton's emails with the most potential to incriminate or impugn Clinton's self-portrayed public image. In October 2015, the Obama Administration blocked the release of emails between Clinton (while she served as secretary of state) and the president, citing the need to keep such communications confidential. Recently, the Obama Administration also blocked the State Department's release of emails from Clinton regarding the controversial Trans-Pacific Partnership after it had promised to fulfill Freedom of Information Act Request to IBTimes earlier this year. The request will now allegedly not be completed until after the general election in late November.
“The delay was issued in the same week the Obama administration filed a court motion to try to kill a lawsuit aimed at forcing the federal government to more quickly comply with open records requests for Clinton-era State Department documents,” reported David Sirota of IBTimes.
Hillary Clinton's involvement with the Trans-Pacific Partnership is riddled with hypocrisy. As secretary of state, Clinton helped move TPP negotiations along. However, she avoided taking a position on TPP for the first few months of her 2016 presidential campaign—until Bernie Sanders' staunch opposition to the deal forced Clinton to risk losing highly coveted endorsements from labor unions who strongly oppose it. Politifact rated Clinton's switch as a full flip-flop.
Despite holding back an endorsement during the Democratic primaries, Obama hasn't made much effort to hide where his favoritism lies. The Clinton campaign recently claimed Obama will be releasing an endorsement for Hillary Clinton very soon. This came shortly after Obama reaffirmed his endorsement of DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz, who faces growing calls for resignation from Sanders supporters and a strong Democratic primary opponent in Tim Canova.
In January 2016, Obama condescendingly referred to Sanders and his unexpected challenge to Clinton's coronation as a “bright, shiny object,” in an interview with Politico.
“If Bernie Sanders' campaign has proven anything, it is that there are millions of citizens who are engaged, invested and closely scrutinizing the policy positions of all of the candidates in the electoral field,” countered Harry Jaffe for The Guardian. “If Sanders can bring new voters to the polls with his message of authenticity and empowerment—as he seems to be doing—that's a testament to the power of his words rather than their shiny quality.”
If Bernie Sanders was under investigation by the FBI and Department of Justice, it is doubtful Obama would be jumping to his defense as he has repeatedly done for Hillary Clinton. “She would never intentionally put America in any kind of jeopardy,” he told Fox News in April 2016, while simultaneously guaranteeing he wouldn't interfere with the investigation. But by making a judgment at all on Clinton's private server use, he is intervening—especially by affirming Clinton had no intent, which is vital to determine criminal liability in this case.
Obama, like many of his Democratic colleagues who overwhelmingly support Clinton, were downplaying the private email server investigation as frivolous, until the recent report from the State Department Inspector General illuminated the blatant lies Clinton has been telling the public for over a year. She never received authorization for using a private email server and broke federal record laws by not preserving and turning over her records to the State Department when she left office. Shortly after the report was released, Obama dodged a question at a press conference in Japan, refusing to provide an answer at all, instead telling reporters such questions should be directed to the Clinton and Sanders campaigns—which is what he should have been doing all along.
Just as Hillary Clinton has depended on Obama whenever she was cornered in a debate and needed help diverting an issue, she is now depending on him to get through the FBI and Department of Justice investigation long enough to get to become president—at which point there will be no chance of serving the indictment her actions certainly warrant.
“What we already know about her security infractions should disqualify her for any government position that deals in information critical to mission success, domestic or foreign,” wrote Philip Jennings in an op-ed for USA Today. “But beyond that, her responses to being found out—dismissing its importance, claiming ignorance, blaming others—indict her beyond anything the investigation can reveal. Those elements reveal her character. And the saddest thing is so many Americans seem not to care.”
First part:
President Obama: “Tonight, Jews in America, Israel, and around the world come together to light the first candle of the Festival of Lights. At its heart, Hanukkah is about the struggle for justice in the face of overwhelming obstacles.”
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.): “Today Heidi and I wish the Jewish Community a very Happy Chanukah. On this holiday, we remember the miracle that enabled a freedom-loving people – led by the heroic Maccabees – to defeat the oppressive dictator Antiochus so that they could once again freely worship the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. For the eight days of Chanukah, the Jewish people commemorate their liberation from oppression and the rededication of the Temple in Jerusalem. As the Talmud teaches, God delivered ‘many into the hands of the few, strong into the hands of the weak, and evildoers into the hands of the righteous.'”
Obama's Hanukkah is universalist, about a “struggle for justice.” There is no mention of God. Cruz's Chanukah (note the less common, but more traditional spelling) is about the Jewish people, with God's help, winning the right to worship against an oppressive dictatorship.
Second part:
Obama: “It's a chance to reflect on the triumph of liberty over tyranny, the rejection of persecution, and on the miracles that can happen even in our darkest hours. It renews our commitment as Americans – as people who live by faith and conscience – to lead the way and act as unyielding advocates for the fundamental dignity of every human being.”
Cruz: “Today, the Jewish people, together with freedom-loving people around the world, once again find their religious faith and liberty under attack from radical forces of oppression and intolerance. Whether it is the BDS movement on college campuses, anti-Semitic attacks in Europe, or radical Islamic terror in Israel and around the world, we need modern-day Maccabees to stand together and push back against the forces of evil. As a nation founded by a people seeking religious liberty, America stands with the Jewish people both at home and abroad in protecting the light of faith and liberty.”
The lesson from Obama's Hanukkah is that Americans should advocate for “the fundamental dignity of every human being.” Jews as such are incidental to the holiday, as is religious freedom. Cruz's Chanukah lesson is that Jews must be protected from their modern enemies.
Third part:
Obama: “During these eight days, let us be inspired by the light that can overcome darkness. As we recall the Maccabees' struggle to free a people from oppression, let us rededicate ourselves to being the engine of the miracles we seek. May the lights of the menorah brighten your home and warm your heart, and from my family to yours, Chag Sameach.”
Cruz: “The victory of the people of Israel is a testament to God's providence. On these nights when Jewish families around the country and the world celebrate with latkes, lighting the menorah, and playing dreidel, Heidi and I join with you to recognize, ‘Nes Gadol Hayah Sham,' a great miracle happened there. We only need to look at our nation's heritage to know that great miracles have happened here too, ‘Nes Gadol Hayah Po,' and will continue to happen with God's blessing. We are grateful for the Divine tradition and we give thanks for the blessings of liberty. Happy Chanukah.”
Obama's Hanukkah teaches the sort of vague, and vaguely agnostic, and universalistic Sunday school platitudes one might find in theologically liberal congregations around the country, that we should “be the engine of the miracles we seek.” And he doesn't even identify which “people” the Maccabees sought to free from oppression. Cruz's Chanukah is both a specifically Jewish celebration and a “testament to God's providence,” to which Cruz, evoking Ronald Reagan, also attributes the wonders of the United States.
Conclusion: Each politicians' Hanukkah appeals to the sort of Jews (and non-Jews) most likely to support them. For Obama, it's the culturally Jewish, universalist, theologically liberal or atheistic Jews who see in Judaism primarily a call to pursue “social justice,” and who often believe that Jews, as “white people,” don't come within modern liberalism's concern for marginalized groups.
For Cruz, it's the religiously Jewish, theologically more conservative Jews, along with Jews who think that the Jewish position in the world is hardly so secure that they can ignore the fate of the Jewish people in favor of a purely universalistic ethic.
Given that each politician undoubtedly had aides responsible for their “Jewish portfolio” prepare their greetings, it's a fascinating insight into their competing perspectives. I think it may also tell us a lot about the emerging worldviews of liberal Democratic and conservative Republicans more generally.
UPDATE: I suppose whenever I mention Senator Cruz, in the interest of full disclosure I should note that he wrote the foreword to my book, Lawless.
FURTHER UPDATE: You can read today's coincidental profile of Obama's current liaison to the Jewish community,Matt Nosanchuk, and see if you think it supports what I wrote. And yes, I am related to, and like very much, the Bernstein quoted in the article.
Mr. Solo was cornered by a thug with known mob connections, who was clearly brandishing a blaster pistol by all eyewitness accounts, with no feasible place to escape to, with his back against the wall and seated at a table; he had no choice but self defense. This thug, Greedo, even stated that he had been waiting a long time to kill Mr. Solo. Mr. Solo fired one shot in self defense, stopping the attack. As you can see, Greedo had the ability, opportunity, and intent to murder Mr. Solo and possibly his associate that night in the Mos Eisley cantina. Mr. Solo used deadly force in the act of defending himself from a forcible felony, against a killer who was clearly set on murdering him that night. Therefore, Mr. Solo would have an affirmative defense against the charges of murder or manslaughter.
What remains to be seen is if Greedo's family pursues Mr. Solo in a civil suit.
Edit- Let me add that we do not know the blaster laws of that particular jurisdiction, in regards to open carry of blaster pistols or concealed carry, but any charges involving his possession of a DL-44 heavy blaster pistol would be separate from the murder or manslaughter charges; it is entirely possible that he might be found not-guilty of the murder/manslaughter charge, yet guilty of some unknown weapons-related charge.
In this photo taken on Saturday December 22, 2007 and distributed by China's official Xinhua news agency, shown is the locomotive of the first Chinese-designed and manufactured high-speed train CRH2-300 at CSR Sifang Locomotive and Rolling Stock Co. Ltd. in Qingdao, east China. The train, which rolled off the production line Saturday, is the latest model in the country's China Railway High-speed (CRH) Series and China's first locomotive capable of traveling at 300 kilometers per hour, according to Xinhua. (AP Photo/Xinhua, Zhu Zheng)
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Weibo (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
China's top two bullet train makers, the China CNR Corp. and the CSR Corp. Ltd. will merge into a new company, according to a CSR announcement at the Shanghai Stock Exchange on Tuesday.
The move aims to avoid in-fighting between the two companies in their exploration of the global market, Wang Mengshu, a railway expert at the Chinese Academy of Engineering said.
The two companies split in 2000, and the then Ministry of Railways, which became the China Railway Corporation in 2013, separated the companies' major sales domains using the Yellow River as the boundary. It also tried to set international boundaries to reduce their competition.
The impending merger aims to improve their competitive edge against global peers, said Sun Zhang, a railway expert at Tongji University.
The two companies have China's entire high-speed railway market. They have also produced about 80 percent of the total cargo trains in China and the majority of subway trains. Both have the ability to produce high-speed trains of the CRH380 series, which can run at 380 kilometers, or 236 miles, per hour.
The companies are listed in both Shanghai and Hong Kong, with a combined market value of about $30 billion based on the closing prices before trading ended on Tuesday.
CNR's net profits jumped 65.1 percent year on year to 3.96 billion yuan ($645 million) for the first nine months, according to its latest quarterly results filed with the Shanghai and Hong Kong stock exchanges on Tuesday. In the January-September period, the CNR's operating revenues climbed 9.84 percent from a year ago to 64.2 billion yuan ($10.36 billion).
CSR, China's largest train maker by market value, has yet to disclose its latest quarterly financial statement.
China is the largest market for high-speed rail, while 16 countries and regions now have high-speed railways in operation. China had 11,028 kilometers (6,852 miles) of high-speed rail by the end of 2013, almost as much as all other countries combined. The country also had 12,000 kilometers (7,456 miles) of high-speed railway under construction at the end of 2013.
By the end of 2013, China had approved 36 cities to plan or build railway networks, including subways and light rail, totaling 5,790 kilometers (3,598 miles.)
Story was compiled with information from Xinhua News and China Daily.
Sen. Tom Coburn (R-OK) (L) and Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) speaks at a Citizens Against Government Waste news conference to release the 2006 Congressional Pig Book, a complete database of state-by-state breakdown of per-capita government over site, in Washington on April 5, 2006. (UPI Photo/Kevin Dietsch) .. | License Photo
Sen. John Ensign, R-NV, addresses the delegates on the last day of the Republican National Convention in St. Paul, Minnesota, on September 4, 2008. (UPI Photo/Roger L. Wollenberg) | License Photo
WASHINGTON, July 9 (UPI) -- Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., said Thursday he would invoke privilege if asked about advice he gave to Sen. John Ensign, R-Nev., on handling an extramarital affair.
Coburn said he was talking to Ensign about his tryst with a former staffer in his capacities as a doctor and a man of the cloth, Roll Call reported.
"I was counseling him as a physician and as an ordained deacon," Coburn said. "That is privileged communication that I will never reveal to anybody. Not to the (Senate) Ethics Committee, not to a court of law, not to anybody."
Doug Hampton, whose wife had engaged in an affair with Ensign, has claimed Coburn urged Ensign to pay the Hamptons millions of dollars after Hampton confronted Ensign about the affair.
"I categorically deny everything he said," Coburn said.
Coburn said he has acted as a counselor to other lawmakers in the past.
"Y'all don't know about all the people I've counseled," he told Roll Call when asked why Ensign sought his help.
Ensign said Thursday his parents gave $96,000 to his mistress and her family out of concern for the well-being of family friends. In a statement read by his lawyer, Ensign said, "None of the gifts came from campaign or official funds, nor were they related to any campaign or official duties," USA Today reported.
"Sen. Ensign has complied with all applicable laws and Senate ethics rules," the statement said.
Ensign, 51, told the Las Vegas Sun he had no plans to resign.
"I said before, I always planned on serving and working hard -- working harder than I ever worked -- and I'm going to continue to do that," he said.
Recently, the leak of a confidential report from the University of Toronto has shined a light on an alternative medicine class taught to the school's health studies majors. The class—which has a syllabus that is full of odd, fringe ideas—is taught by a homeopath who's the wife of the campus' dean. It drew fire from other faculty for its anti-vaccination stance, but the leaked report says it's fine—students get reliable information about vaccination elsewhere.
The syllabus for the course has been posted online, and it reads a bit like a bad blog post. "Quantum physics is a branch of physics that understands the interrelationship between matter and energy," It states. "This science offers clear explanations as to why homeopathic remedies with seemingly no chemical trace of the original substance are able to resolve chronic diseases, why acupuncture can offer patients enough pain relief to undergo surgery without anesthesia, why meditation alone can, in some instances, reduce the size of cancerous tumors."
But the part that caused the complaints is the section on vaccines, which includes assigned viewings of videos from Andrew Wakefield, who first launched the MMR vaccine scare, and another entitled, "Vaccine's Safety A Crime Against Humanity." According to The Toronto Star, "some of [University of Toronto's] professors and a number of external experts complained about it," prompting the review of the course.
The review has more or less concluded that it's all fine. Students get exposed to the evidence in favor of vaccination in other courses, it suggests, so exposing them to spurious claims later isn't a problem: "The instructor reports that she provides these readings as the students have already seen the other side in previous courses." Apparently, the homeopath who taught it removed the material the second year the class was taught due to the ongoing measles outbreak.
The report suggests that the course be further developed with the help of other faculty in the department. But otherwise, no major changes are suggested.
Don't Call It Magic
Since I'd made a good bit of it, and a little goes quite a way, I decided to start with a twist on a neotraditional topping of a shell. How difficult could it be to make a shell? As it turned out, making a shell is as easy as melting chocolate and coconut oil making the right shell is ... um, hard.
My original thought had been to do a tomato and garlic shell and another with dark chocolate to see which was more of a match. It took some playing around in the kitchen but I reached a tasty conclusion.
Do Call It Delicious
The tomato shell, well, the tomato powder didn't mix with the coconut oil. Also, since I could only get the oil so hot or risk waiting too long or melting the ice cream I had to use powdered rather than fresh cut garlic. The result tasted good, but didn't look so delicious. I'm still thinking about a better approach to the tomato shell.
The dark chocolate, (70%), was great, but when I mixed the three ingredients it was like a meal compressed into a tiny ball; savory, salty, and sweet. A triumph!
Before I try the tomato shell again I might give a pork and roasted garlic pie a la mode a try. It was one of the great ideas discussed on our Faceboob page. I'll report the results here.
Spotty Results *If you're not already following our Facebook page, (The NSA is), that is where most of the talk is happening. Check it out.
Remember the Parmigiano-Reggiano ice cream that I had made a while back? I've been pondering ways to serve it, and some suggestions from our Faceboob page * by PDR, but the blessing and curse of ice cream is that it lasts a long time unless you eat it. Where most foods force my hand with their fleeting freshness, ice cream puts me into a cryogenic dream-state, adrift in possibilities.
The Koch brothers have landed yet another of their trusted fossil fuel think tank veterans in the Trump administration's Department of Energy (DOE). Alex Fitzsimmons was Manager of Policy and Public Affairs at the Institute for Energy Research (IER) and its advocacy arm, the American Energy Alliance (AEA), while also working as a “spokesman” and communications director for Fueling US Forward (FUSF), the Koch-funded campaign to bolster public opinion of fossil fuels.
Fitzsimmons will be joining former IER colleagues Daniel Simmons and Travis Fisher at the DOE.
Simmons now serves as the head of the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE), an office that AEA called for eliminating in 2015, under Simmons' guidance, as then-Vice President of Policy. Fisher is currently working on the controversial grid study ordered by DOE Secretary Rick Perry. While at IER, Fisher wrote a similar report in 2015, which called clean energy policies “the single greatest emerging threat” to the nation's electric power grid, and a greater threat to electric reliability than cyberattacks, terrorism, or extreme weather.
While there have been many IER veterans to land in the Trump administration (and even more known Koch affiliates), the arrival of Fitzsimmons at the DOE marks the first time that someone directly involved with Fueling U.S. Forward has taken a job at one of the agencies or in the White House.
The Koch network reportedly had big plans for the Fueling U.S. Forward campaign when it first launched in late summer of 2016, when Charles Drevna announced that it would make the “pro-human” case for fossil fuels, highlighting the “positives” of oil and gas to American consumers.
As the head of communications for Fueling U.S. Forward, Fitzsimmons wrote a handful of blog posts singing the praises of fossil fuels, work that echoes his contributions to the IER and AEA sites.
The Obama White House, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and the DOE were all frequent targets in his articles for IER and AEA. On display in one such post, which contrasts DOE and Energy Information Administration (EIA) projections of wind power penetration in the U.S. energy system, is a casual dismissal of the department's energy modeling and a blatant misunderstanding of how the EIA forecasts actually work.
(Basically, Fitzsimmons claims that the EIA's numbers are model-based projections, but in reality they are forecasts based on current levels of deployment and “business-as-usual” trends. The EIA has also been rightly criticized for underestimating renewable energy growth year after year, a tradition that had become so absurd that the agency had to publicly address it and make plans to correct it.)
Fitzsimmons will doubtlessly bring his pro-fossil fuel talking points to the DOE, though it is unclear what the communications specialist will be tasked with as a “senior adviser.”
At the Red State Gathering in August 2016, during which Charles Drevna announced the launch of Fueling U.S. Forward, Fitzsimmons interviewed Drevna. On top of his archives of IER and AEA posts, the interview provides a good a sense of Fitzsimmons' perspective on energy:
Fitzsimmons liked to write about “green energy cronyism” repeatedly over his years at the Institute for Energy Research and Fueling U.S. Forward. And he did so with no apparent sense of irony that the two organizations he received checks from were funded (all or in part) by the Koch brothers and their donor networks, nor that the organizations were led by two long-time Koch confidants: Tom Pyle and Charles Drevna. Fitzsimmons' appointment is proof again that fossil fuel cronyism is alive and well in the Department of Energy and throughout Trump's White House.
Main image: Donald Trump and his Cabinet. Credit: U.S. Government, public domain
In the wake of a horrific suicide bombing in the Turkish capital city of Ankara today, Twitter said that users across the country were struggling to access the social network. Scattered reports suggest that internet access is also limited. A link to the bombing has not been confirmed, but the Turkish Prime minister ordered a temporary "publication ban" in the aftermath of the bombing, banning media reporting across the country.
The bombing killed at least 95 and injured close to 300 during a peace march near Ankara's central train station. The march was organized to demand an end to renewed hostilities by the state with Kurdish militants. According to reports, the prime minister suggested the two separate explosions came from suicide bombers, possibly tied to the Islamic State or Kurdish rebel groups.
Users in #Turkey are reporting issues accessing Twitter in many areas. We're investigating and hope full service will be restored soon. — Policy (@policy) October 10, 2015
Yep, ban on media reporting on the massive blast is on Turkish regulatory body's RTUK'S site. http://t.co/nZm9NrVegd pic.twitter.com/i9JXVolB7C — Zeynep Tufekci (@zeynep) October 10, 2015
A notice from the deputy prime minster confirmed the media ban, and other reports pointed to a wider internet outage. Ugurcan Taspinar, a news editor at Turkish tech site Techno Today, told The Verge that access to email is limited and that Facebook, as well as Twitter, are down at his location. The Turkish government has limited social media access in the past during sensitive events, such as another suicide bombing this summer, and has faced repeated accusations of censorship.
Have you ever finished your dinner, but then found yourself hungry close to bedtime? You're not alone – plenty of us feel the need to snack as the night progresses, and luckily, studies have deduced the perfect nightcap: wine.
You heard us.
Recent studies have pointed out that wine can help diabetics and improve your sex drive, but apparently, wine is also a great way to prevent midnight munchies. According to Linda Monk, a 47-year-old woman who's lost 6 pounds in three weeks, the benefit of having a nightly glass of wine is that the treat suppresses her cravings for unhealthy snacks like “sweet, biscuits, and chocolate.” Instead, the moderate portion of wine makes her feel sated without going to town on the late night eating. Linda is gleaning advice from Tim Ferriss's book: The 4-Hour Body: An Uncommon Guide To Rapid Weight Loss. Ferriss champions the theory that if you enjoy a little wine in the evening, you're more likely to feel satisfied and thus less inclined to give up on dieting. Red wine is supposedly preferable to other snacks.
According to The Daily Mail, a study that took place over the course of 13 years at Harvard University found that amongst a group of 20,000 women, those who drank half a bottle of wine a day lessened their risk of obesity. As half a bottle is the equivalent of two glasses, Linda and the other women seem to be live proof of the study.
40-year-old Samantha Merrit is another woman who sings the praises of nightly wine, claiming “the calories don't seem to have made an impact on the bathroom scales…Now, I can happily say no to a dessert and I treat myself to a glass or two around four nights a week.” Besides her appetite being satisfied, Merrit also credits the wine with helping her sleep and feeling less anxious.
As is always the case, the trick is moderation. While having a glass or two before bed is a good substitute for going crazy on chocolate snacking, drinking too much wine can leave you consuming more calories than a late night binge, and leave you feeling pretty hungover for work. Stick to 1-2 glasses if you want to curb your hunger, sleep better, and feel less deprived.
H/t The Daily Mail
In this Friday, Nov. 8, 2013 photo, "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" cast members, from left,, Josh Hutcherson, Liam Hemsworth and Jennifer Lawrence pose for a portrait with director Francis Lawrence at the Four Seasons Hotel in Beverly Hills, Calif. The movie releases on Friday, Nov. 22, 2013. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)
1. That time Jennifer Lawrence discovered a childhood photo of Josh and reacted accordingly.
2. That time Jen clarified they only make out in the GAMES FILM, then Josh giggled and you could hear the sound of #Peetniss shippers dropping dead across Tumblr.
3. That time they dropped an obscure "When Harry Met Sally" reference like it was NBD.
4. That time Josh Hutcherson did this incredibly strange impression of an "old man" and Jen totally got it.
5. That time they decided to threaten "Hunger Games" fans together. Ha! Ha! ... wait.
6. That time they shared their No. 1 special moment from filming "Catching Fire" by the ocean. Swoon.
Honestly, they might be the only celeb besties who ship THEMSELVES.
This is incredible irritating, and will eventually lead me to being banned in ranked games.
TL;DR; edit: Basically found out hundreds of people are facing the same issue, of client crashing upon summoning (loading at 100%) and not being able to reconnect. Some got banned unfairly for it, lucky ones still didn't.
If you are facing this issue please post your geographic location (as we thing most is based in Middle Eastern parts for the moment).
We have come to the conclusion it is NOT client side, but server side / coding issue.
Lets make them aware so they can fix this issue
Every fifth/sixth game, my client crashes.
If I try to reconnect, same thing thing happens.
Trust me I was very persistent in the number of tries.
Basically, after everyone loads up to 100%, and the Summoning text appears, just when the game is supposed to load, my client crashes.
After the crash I still have the main screen which shows, Playing in game.....
After I kill that and re-open the client, it says "Reconnect", and the same thing happens.
I have no idea, why... is this happening. Nothing changes in the conditions of my gaming.
I am not giving up on ranked games, but.. I feel sorry for everyone else, and the fact that I will never go a league up because of this.
Please help out.
edit:
Oh.,., just to add... after this happens. I load up LOL on my iMac, in the OSX system. So completely different computer and client, and when i try to reconnect it crashes as well. Which to me, means that it is not my clients fault, if the same not re-connectable crash happens on both OS X and Windows clients...
EDIT:
1 day after.
I did the whole thing as to wrenchman post.
Reinstalled:
.Net
.Direct
.Video drivers
.Adobe Air
.Flash
.Fresh download and installation of LOL
I played last night and today. Just when I thought its over, I had 5 games hotstreak win on ranked... here we go again.
Seriously need help. Im adding a new log.
Guido Perla Associates
US oceanographers this week received a welcome boost when the US Navy announced it had finalized contracts for the construction of two 73-metre research vessels. Set to launch in 2014 and 2015, the two vessels, costing around $145 million, will replace members of the existing fleet. But despite the good news, many researchers are concerned that other ageing vessels in the fleet won't get replaced.
Owned by the Navy, the two new ships will be run by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts and the Scripps Institution of Oceanography in San Diego, California. Both vessels will be available for use by researchers from other institutions through the University-National Oceanographic Laboratory System (UNOLS) based in Narragansett, Rhode Island.
“We're very excited about having the kind of access to the sea that oceanographers have to have if we're going to answer some of the most important societal questions of our time,” says Bruce Appelgate, associate director of ship operations at Scripps, which will receive the second of the two vessels in 2015.
It has taken more than ten years of planning and negotiating to reach the construction phase for the ships. The Navy was originally going to build four vessels, but budget cuts in 2009 reduced that number to two: AGOR 27 and AGOR 28, as they will be known until they are given proper names.
The pair will replace Woods Hole's R/V Knorr and Scripps's R/V Melville, two 85-metre vessels that were launched in 1968.
Although the new ships are smaller, they are intended to accomplish the same basic goals more efficiently. “It's an optimization between performance and cost,” says Robert Munier, vice-president of marine operations and facilities at Woods Hole.
AGOR 27 and 28 will have much of the same equipment and research capabilities as their predecessors, but will offer substantial improvements in other areas. “The real magic is what you don't see,” says Appelgate.
Lab spaces will be structured to allow easy reconfiguration, technicians will be able to integrate new tools into the computer systems readily, and the hulls will minimize noise and bubbles, which can interfere with equipment such as the sonar used for high-resolution sea-floor mapping.
The more efficient engines on the new ships are especially important because rising fuel costs, combined with relatively flat research funding, have significantly cut the number of days researchers are able to go to sea each year. “There is a lot more science that needs to be done” than there is ship time available to do it, says Appelgate.
The funding problems extend to securing new vessels for the research fleet. Researchers began pushing in 1973 for a global-range UNOLS ship with a hull that can withstand ice so that they could do polar operations. But it took the 2009 stimulus funding introduced by President Barack Obama to make the money available for the National Science Foundation's 80-metre R/V Sikuliaq, which is scheduled to hit the water this summer. The launch will extend opportunities for researchers beyond those offered by the three US polar research vessels that are not part of UNOLS.
Funding difficulties have also led to plans to decommission ships sooner than planned, and keep others in port (see US academic fleet cuts operations as budget bites), and the National Science Foundation has delayed plans to build three regional-class vessels in the 45-metre range.
Beyond these three potential vessels, there are no plans for additional new ships in UNOLS, says Clare Reimers, a chemical oceanographer at Oregon State University in Corvallis and chairwoman of the UNOLS Fleet Improvement Committee, who is concerned about the long-term implications as it can take more than a decade to plan, fund and build a ship. “When we reach, say, 2025 or 2030, we're certainly going to have lost capacity that we have no plans to replace,” she says. Plans are in the works to replace one non-UNOLS polar vessel, however.
Despite these worries, oceanographers welcome the latest additions. “More than any one thing, it's the peace of mind that comes from knowing our access to the sea is going to be extended by the lifetime of a ship,” Appelgate says. “You can't collect water with a satellite. We've got to have ships to get out there.”
Tibetan villagers living in northwestern China's Gansu province are protesting the proposed extension of a Chinese-built highway into nomadic grazing areas, blocking earth-moving equipment with their bodies and demanding that the work be stopped, sources said.
Included in the protest, which began on April 10, are residents of at least one of several villages belonging to Gengya township in Gansu's Sangchu (in Chinese, Xiahe) county in the Kanlho (Gannan) Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, a local source told RFA's Tibetan Service.
The number of those involved was not immediately clear, but “construction could affect about 689 Tibetan residents and their livelihood,” RFA's source said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
“They have been sitting and protesting for almost 10 days now,” the source said.
So far, authorities have made no promise of financial compensation for those likely to be affected by the work on the road, the source said.
“Instead, they called some village elders in for questioning and threatened them.”
“If the authorities proceed with construction in spite of our protest, they should provide compensation for the land,” he said.
Grassland 'cut into pieces'
Separately, a second source confirmed the protest, citing particular concerns focused on possible damage to a year-round water source used by herders at a place called Demey Natak.
“We are seriously hurt when our grassland, an integral part of our lives, is cut into pieces for the convenience of Chinese transport,” he said.
“Ten days have now passed since we began to guard the area and keep watch so that our grassland is not harmed.”
Last year, more than a hundred Tibetan residents of another Sangchu county township protested the seizure of farmland for the construction of highways tied to state-linked gold mining and industrial operations, sources said in an earlier report.
The April 2, 2014 protest by banner-carrying residents of Hortsang township came two weeks after other local demonstrations against government seizure of Tibetan land, and quickly drew police to the protest site.
Reported by Lhuboom for RFA's Tibetan Service. Translated by Karma Dorjee. Written in English by Richard Finney.
The truth about daycare is that daycare centers are not the "caring, nurturing" environments that they and their defenders claim they are.And I can prove it.
I am a father of three wonderful children: two boys (Micah, age 8 and Caleb, age 2) and one girl (Rebekah, age 3.) For the first three years of Micah's life, my wife stayed at home to care for him. After he had grown out of infancy, we made the choice to send him to a daycare center so that my wife could take a job as a receptionist. As it turns out, that choice was regrettable. Our judgement was temporarily impaired by a lust for material wealth; we wanted to build a new house, and had determined that we could not do it on one income.
The first incident involved a set of toy blocks. I had just finished a day of work and had arrived at the daycare to pick Micah up. Normally, this is obviously something that my wife would have done, but she had an appointment with the pastor of our church. On my way into the daycare center, I paused at the window so I could observe my son at play. The daycare provider had opened up a box of blocks, and Micah had run quickly over to it and helped himself to a large number of them. The other children followed suit, although they did not get quite so many as Micah did. The children then began to sit on the carpet and play with the blocks.
What happened next chills me to this day.
The daycare provider walked over to Micah, looked disapprovingly at his pile of blocks, and then forcibly took nearly half of them away. She then proceeded to give them to the other children, so that they all had roughly the same amount. I thought to myself: What in the name of Heaven is this woman doing? Micah had all of those extra blocks because he had the ambition and initiative to run over to them and pick them up. The other children missed the boat by not being observant and quick enough! What are these people teaching children when they step in and redistribute their blocks -- by force -- to "equalize" things?
It occurred to me that this type of toy policy (strong central control with an emphasis on punishing the successful and rewarding the lazy) was no different than the style of economics practiced in the former Soviet Union and Communist China. The most important lesson that children can be taught is that hard work yields rewards and that those who refuse to work will go without. Yet the message that this daycare women sent was "Lazy children, just sit back and we'll bring your fair share of the blocks to you. Assertive children, shame on you!"
The second incident was the straw that broke the camel's back.
My wife arrived at the daycare center to pick Micah up, and the daycare provider was reading to the children from a book entitled (I swear this is true) Gay And Loving It. As you can probably guess, the book was nothing more than a rambling piece of homosexualist propaganda aimed at children, intended to convince them that the chosen "gay" lifestyle is perfectly normal and acceptable. My wife, as you can probably understand, was outraged. She went out to the car, which we keep well-stocked with Jack Chick tracts, and grabbed a copy of an appropriate one. She then brought it into the daycare center and politely asked the provider to read it, in the interest of fairness to both sides.
What was the response? You can probably guess.
She was told that "preaching is not allowed" and that "we cannot teach any single religion as the truth." Sound familiar, friends? Of course it does. This is the exact mantra that is robotically spewed by the teachers' "labor unions" that control government (pagan) schools. At any rate; that was it. My wife and I immediately pulled Micah out of that horrid daycare center, and she turned in her resignation at her place of employment the very next day. Enough was enough, we had decided, and my wife has been an at-home parent and homeschooler ever since.
So let's review the environment of a typical American daycare center:
Forced redistribution of capital; hatred of success
Institutionalized atheism
Embracing of anti-Scriptural perversion
Brutal censorship
If you can't see what the true agenda of America's daycare industry is, then you are either blind or willfully ignorant. There is much evidence to suggest that organized elements of the Communist party either own or control a large percentage of this country's daycare providers. This is a battle that we can win, but we have to win it now, before things get out of hand. Communists are called "Reds" because they have this little habit of spilling the blood of their own people on the soil via assault rifle. It is a thoroughly despicable and dangerous worldview. If we are not committed to saving our children from Communism, how can we call ourselves parents?
More than 500,000 Americans will have Alzheimer's disease this year, but nearly 250,000 won't know it, according to a new report. The Alzheimer's Association told NBC News that doctors don't want to tell patients bad news, are scared of how they might react or fear they won't be believed. But having a firm diagnosis is important for patients; if they are diagnosed, they want to be aware of what choices they have. The Alzheimer's Association found in its annual report that although 5.3 million Americans have the disease, just 45 percent of people with Alzheimer's or their caregivers said in the poll that their doctor had given them a diagnosis. "These disturbingly low disclosure rates in Alzheimer's disease are reminiscent of rates seen for cancer in the 1950s and '60s, when even mention of the word 'cancer' was taboo," said a group official. There is currently no cure for Alzheimer's and treatment options are few.
Get More at NBCNews.com
Concept of an ultimate being in philosophy
In philosophy, the concept of The Absolute, also known as The (Unconditioned) Ultimate, The Wholly Other, The Supreme Being, The Absolute/Ultimate Reality, and other names, is the thing, being, entity, power, force, reality, presence, law, principle, etc. that possesses maximal ontological status, existential ranking, existential greatness, or existentiality. In layman's terms, this is the one that is, in one way or another, the greatest, truest, or most real being.
There are many conceptions of The Absolute in various fields and subjects, such as philosophy, religion, spiritual traditions, mathematics, and even natural science. The nature of these conceptions can range from "merely" encompassing all physical existence, nature, or reality, to being completely unconditioned existentially, transcending all concepts, notions, and types, kinds, and categories of being.
The Absolute is often thought of as causing to come into being manifestations that interact with lower or lesser forms of being. This is either done passively, through emanations, or actively, through avatars and incarnations. These existential manifestations, which themselves can possess transcendent attributes, only contain minuscule or infinitesimal portions of the true essence of The Absolute.
The term itself was not in use in ancient or medieval philosophy, but closely related to the description of God as Actus purus (Pure Actuality) in scholasticism. It was introduced in modern philosophy, notably by Hegel, for "the sum of all being, actual and potential".[1] The term has since also been adopted in perennial philosophy.[2]
Major conceptions of The Absolute [ edit ]
There are three general ways of conceiving the Absolute. The Absolute might be (1) the first and greatest being, (2) not a being at all but the "ground" of being, or (3) both the ground of being and a being.[citation needed]
In conception one the Absolute is the most true and intelligible reality. It can be spoken of and known. For example, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel's Absolute Spirit is the truest reality. It is thinkable, speakable, and exists in the objective world by comprehending everything, including people, states, and world history.
In conception two the Absolute might be conceived of as utterly outside of all other reality and hence unintelligible. It cannot be known or spoken about. Plato's Socrates says that "The Form of the Good" is "beyond being",[3] implying that it is even beyond thought, language, and normal categories of existence.
St. John of the Cross says:
He who truly arrives there
cuts free from himself;
all that he knew before
now seems worthless,
and his knowledge so soars
that he is left in unknowing
transcending all knowledge.[4]
In conception three the Absolute is seen as transcending duality and distinction. This concept of a fundamental reality that transcends or includes all other reality is usually (but not always) associated with divinity. While this conception initially seems contradictory, it has been highly influential. One way to understand this third conception is to consider the Tao Te Ching.
The Tao that can be spoken is not the eternal Tao.
The name that can be named is not the eternal name. — Tao Te Ching, 1
These opening lines distinguish between two Taos. One is the "eternal Tao" (which cannot be named or explained) and the other "Tao" seems to exist in space and time (and can be named and explained). The eternal Tao is beyond existence and cannot be named or fully understood, while the other Tao exists and can be known. The eternal Tao is infinite; the other is finite. The eternal Tao is formless; the other is formed. The eternal Tao is transcendent; the other is immanent. The other "Tao" is an attempt to describe the "eternal Tao" in human terms; but such effort can never express the eternal Tao fully. He continues:
The nameless is the origin of Heaven and Earth
The named is the mother of myriad things
Thus, constantly without desire, one observes its essence
Constantly with desire, one observes its manifestations
These two emerge together but differ in name
The unity is said to be the mystery.
In these lines, he further discusses the difference between the two Taos. The eternal Tao is "nameless" and is the origin of Heaven and Earth; this origin can be understood as an underlying metaphysics that cannot be described fully. The "named" Tao, on the other hand, is able to describe specific phenomenons that exist in space and time, hence it is the mother of myriad of things; it also can be treated as the humanly conceived concepts in the effort to describe our physical world. Later, he points out that both the "named" and the "nameless" emerge together from the same eternal Tao. This seemingly self-contradictory unity, of course, is said to be the mystery to be understood.
Cross-cultural conception [ edit ]
One or more of these conceptions of the Absolute can be found in various other perspectives. The following is a list of conceptions of the Absolute. Note that generally the list is ordered alphabetically, but some of the sublists are ordered by historical precedence:
Interpretations [ edit ]
While these conceptions are superficially similar, they admit of multiple interpretations. Some philosophers, especially perennialists and pantheist philosophers, find great significance in the similarities between these different words and argue that various/all cultures past and present have an identical concept of the 'Absolute'.
Other philosophers, however, argue that these concepts are not the same,[5][6] since the Logos is rational and formal whereas Brahman is formless and irrational; and since Plato's Form of the Good is impersonal where the Christian God is personal; since Bradley's Absolute is a conscious experience whereas Brand Blanshard's Absolute is an unconscious, intelligible system.
Perennialist philosophers such as John Hick argue that even if the concepts vary slightly, the reality of the Absolute reality behind the varying concepts is the same.[7]
Within religious traditions [ edit ]
Philosophers such as Adi Shankara denied the Absolute any personal sense, whereas philosophers such as Ramanuja and Madhva, tended to identify the Absolute with a personal God. The Traditionalist School, via Frithjof Schuon, admits:
It is true that God as creator, revealer, and savior is not to be identified with the Absolute as such; it is likewise true that God in Himself, in the full depth of His reality, is not to be reduced to the creative Function.[8]
Early Hinduism identified Brahman with Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva. The same immortal spirit was conceived of as functional in the world in three ways: creation, preservation, and destruction.[9] There was therefore no real contradiction between love of a personal God and an impersonal Absolute, although the latter was sometimes conceived of as "purer."[10]
Shaivism, and most monotheistic Indian religions, gave God five functions: creation, preservation, destruction, concealment, and revelation. Shiva, as Brahman, would therefore act in the world as a personal God. Yet this distinction between the Absolute and Infinite, or Transcendent and Immanent is not entirely, in itself, absolute. Philosophers like Shankara believe that upon doing away with maya the entire universe disappears, including the notion of a personal God. Philosophers such as Madhva and Ramanuja, tend to propound an identification of the Absolute with God, whereas later philosophers such as Nimbarka and Caitanya, tended to identify the Absolute with a personal form of God (Krishna). Either way, all these claims, taken in context, tend to prove non-contradictory.
The quote above, via Schuon, is actually fully represented within the Hindu tradition. Brahma, the creator god, is not worshiped within Hinduism. The only deities that are worshiped, are Shiva, and Vishnu. Both Shiva and Vishnu, by their respective devotees, are represented as having power over the following five functions: creation, preservation, destruction, concealment, and revelation. However, a further distinction is made by Shankara: God is not Brahman (the Absolute). Rather the appearance of God is still via the power of Maya. So there are in effect, three levels, which Schuon himself observes: Brahman (the Absolute), God as creator, revealer, and savior (AKA, Shiva or Vishnu), and finally God as creator (AKA, Brahma). Incidental reasons are given for Brahma's lack of worship, a Hindu myth attributes this situation to a curse by Bhrigu. Devdutt Pattanaik, an Indian author, gives some philosophical reasons. Ultimately the reason is actually inherent ("inherent" in the Absolute) and theological.
Relation of humanity to the Absolute [ edit ]
Laozi taught that the Tao was not only the ultimate reality but the ideal of human life. Another conceptual similarity between various conceptions is that the ultimate reality also somehow reveals to humans the way to live. For example, Plato taught that the Good was both the source of reality, the highest object of knowledge, and the ultimate end of desire.
C. S. Lewis explains the connection between the highest reality and human action in this way:[11]
In early Hinduism that conduct in men which can be called good consists in conformity to, or almost participation in, the Rta—that great ritual or pattern of nature and supernature which is revealed alike in the cosmic order, the moral virtues, and the ceremonial of the temple. Righteousness, correctness, order, the Rta, is constantly identified with satya or truth, correspondence to reality. As Plato said that the Good was 'beyond existence' and Wordsworth that through virtue the stars were strong, so the Indian masters say that the gods themselves are born of the Rta and obey it. The Chinese also speak of a great thing (the greatest thing) called the Tao. It is the reality beyond all predicates, the abyss that was before the Creator Himself. It is Nature, it is the Way, the Road. It is the Way in which the universe goes on, the Way in which things everlastingly emerge, stilly and tranquilly, into space and time. It is also the Way which every man should tread in imitation of that cosmic and supercosmic progression, conforming all activities to that great exemplar. 'In ritual', say the Analects, 'it is harmony with Nature that is prized.' The ancient Jews likewise praise the Law as being 'true'. This conception in all its forms, Platonic, Aristotelian, Stoic, Christian, and Oriental alike, I shall henceforth refer to for brevity simply as 'the Tao'. — C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man
I. K. Taimni says:
Because the Ultimate Reality which is denoted by the word 'Absolute' or 'Parabrahman' (卍) is the very core of our being as well as the cause and basis of the universe of which we are part, we can no more get away from it than our solar system can get away from the sun round which it resolves and from which it receives everything which keeps it alive and moving. Although the Absolute is sometimes referred to by such epithets as the Void, Ever-Darkness etc. and is beyond intellectual comprehension, still, from the intellectual point of view it is the most profound concept in the whole realm of philosophy. The fact that it is called 'Unknowable' does not mean that it is beyond the range of philosophical or religious thought and something on which thinking is impossible or undesirable. The very fact that it is the heart and the basis of the universe should make it the most intriguing object of enquiry within the realms of the intellect. I. K. Taimni, Man, God and the Universe, Chapter 1[12]
Aldous Huxley says:[13]
Only the transcendent, the completely other, can be immanent without being modified by the becoming of that in which it dwells. The Perennial Philosophy teaches that it is desirable and indeed necessary to know the spiritual Ground of things, not only within the soul, but also outside in the world and, beyond world and soul, in its transcendent otherness 'in heaven.' ... God within and God without; these are two abstract notions, which can be entertained by the understanding and expressed in words. — Aldous Huxley, The Perennial Philosophy
Similarly, the Hindu Taimni describes the Parabrahman as unknowable by the human mind and unthinkable but the highest object of realization and the most profound object of philosophical enquiry.[14]
Plotinus likewise taught that the goal of philosophy was to "contemplate the One".[15]
Experiencing the Absolute [ edit ]
Philosophers and religious adherents who aim to pattern their life after the Absolute reality sometimes claim to have experienced the Absolute. They report mystical experiences, feelings of oneness, transcendence of their everyday personality or of personhood altogether.
Representing the Absolute [ edit ]
The Absolute is conceptually defined as something inexpressible and perhaps unthinkable. This concept creates special problems for expression in words, poetry, mythology, and art. Writers, painters, storytellers, filmmakers[16] often use paradox or contradiction because of the "contradictory aspect of the ultimate reality".[17]
According to Mircea Eliade, the Absolute can be mediated or revealed through symbols.[18] For Eliade the "archaic" mind is constantly aware of the presence of the Sacred, and for this mind all symbols are religious (relinking to the Origin). Through symbols human beings can get an immediate "intuition" of certain features of the inexhaustible Sacred. The mind makes use of images to grasp the ultimate reality of things because reality manifests itself in contradictory ways and therefore can't be described in concepts. It is therefore the image as such, as a whole bundle of meaning, that is "true" (faithful, trustworthy).[18] Eliade says :[19]
the sacred is equivalent to a power, and, in the last analysis, to reality. The sacred is saturated with being. Sacred power means reality and at the same time enduringness and efficacy. The polarity sacred-profane is often expressed as opposition between real and unreal or pseudoreal. [...] Thus it is easy to understand that religious man deeply desires to be, to participate in reality, to be saturated with power.
Common symbols of the Absolute include world trees, the tree of life, microcosm, fire, children,[20] circles, mandalas, and the human body.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
A prominent Qatari journalist says the killing of the Russian ambassador to Turkey was a “human reaction” to what she alleges to be Moscow's “barbarism” in war-torn Syria. Dr. Elham Bader added that Russia “deserves the worst.”
EDITOR'S NOTE: The previous version of this report referred to Dr Badar as a board member of Al Jazeera, while in fact, she has not served on the Qatar based media network board since 2007.
Andrey Karlov, 62, was fatally shot by an assailant who shouted “Don't forget Syria! Don't forget Aleppo! ...Until our towns are safe, you won't enjoy security either. Everyone who is involved in this will pay a price. Only death can take me from here.”
The attacker, identified as 22-year-old Mevlut Altintas, who was a member of the police's special forces, was killed at the scene.
While many took to social media to express their condolences to Karlov and his family, prominent Qatari journalist and a former Al Jazeera board member Dr. Elham Bader did just the opposite.
Bader posted more than two dozen messages about the attack, one of which said the murder had been a “human reaction” against Russian “barbarism” in Syria.
يجتهد المحللون في البحث عن جهة تقف خلف قاتل السفير وعن أهدافها، وجهات نظرنفهمها،لكن الأقرب للعقل أنه رد فعل إنساني ضد همجية #روسيا في #سوريا — إلهام بدر#قطرـالعُلا (@ELHAMBADER1) December 19, 2016
Another said that Russia “deserves the worst” for the role it is playing in Syria's ongoing civil war.
السفير كان في معرض فني مفتوح للجميع ، ولا يعيب #تركيا أن تكون العملية فردية ، #روسيا تستحق الأسوأ .@BMayssae — إلهام بدر#قطرـالعُلا (@ELHAMBADER1) December 19, 2016
Russia joined the campaign against terrorists in Syria in 2015, at the request of Damascus. Since then, Moscow has been involved in a number of key milestones, including the liberation of Palmyra. It has also provided humanitarian assistance for civilians and co-brokered a deal between the Syrian government and opposition that allows for the evacuation of militants and their families from eastern Aleppo, in exchange for safe-passage for civilians trapped in the pro-government villages of al-Foua and Kafraya that are under siege by rebels in the north.
Russia has repeatedly denied accusations made by Western governments and other critics that allege it has bombed civilian targets in Syria, noting that no convincing evidence has ever been produced to substantiate those claims.
A Seattle-based law firm is preparing to file a class action lawsuit against Apple over iOS updates bricking iPhones whose home buttons have been repaired or replaced by third-party companies. The Guardian reports that lawyers PCVA are inviting those who have experienced the ‘Error 53' problem to contact them.
A London-based lawyer also believes that the issue may place Apple in breach of consumer law in the UK …
NordVPN
Apple says that the issue is a security feature designed to ensure that Touch ID cannot be compromised.
Error 53 is the result of security checks designed to protect our customers. iOS checks that the Touch ID sensor in your iPhone or iPad correctly matches your device's other components. If iOS finds a mismatch, the check fails and Touch ID, including for Apple Pay use, is disabled. This security measure is necessary to protect your device and prevent a fraudulent Touch ID sensor from being used.
But law firm PCVA believes that Apple's policy may violate consumer protection laws in the USA.
We believe Apple may be intentionally forcing users to use their repair services, which cost much more than most third-party repair shops. There is incentive for Apple to keep end users from finding alternative methods to fix their products.
UK barrister Richard Colbey says it is likely the same is true in the UK, and that Apple may even be guilty of causing criminal damage.
It is hard to see how something which ceases to work in this way could be said to be of reasonable quality, one of the determinants of which is durability. The law states: ‘A person who without lawful excuse destroys or damages any property belonging to another intending to destroy or damage any such property or being reckless as to whether any such property would be destroyed or damaged shall be guilty of an offence.'
Apple says that those who experience Error 53 should contact Apple Support, but has not yet responded to a question I asked yesterday about whether it is able to resolve the issue for those owners other than by providing a chargeable out-of-warranty replacement.
Those interested in joining the class action lawsuit can register at PCVA's website.
It's not unusual for class action suits to be filed against Apple, recent examples including iOS 9 performance on older devices and two different ones relating to mobile data charges.
Photo: Michaela Rehle/Reuters
3 March – A boss at a garment factory in Kampong Chhnang province has accused the husband and a friend of a recently fired employee of chasing down her car and trying to kill her.
Thhey Kunthea, administrative chief of the Chinese-owned Horizon Outdoor garment factory, filed an attempted murder complaint at the provincial police station on Monday night against dismissed employee Som Chreum's husband, Phon Vanna, 35, and friend Khem Chhoun, 47, according to provincial police chief Srey Sitha. Both are being held at provincial court.
Vanna and Chhoun had pursued Kunthea's car on a motorbike until it became stuck in a traffic jam and then blocked its path, Sitha said.
“The men opened the door and took the administrative chief out of the car. So there was a physical argument,” he said. “Thhey Kunthea got injured on her arm and left-hand side.”
“I cannot say whether it is an attempted murder as it is Thhey Kunthea's complaint; let the provincial court decide,” said Sitha, who has unsuccessfully entreated all parties to apologise and reconcile.
Chreum said the official reason given for her dismissal from Horizon on Monday morning was a minor mistake on the assembly line months ago, but insists the true reason is that her husband is a union leader at the nearby Camsport garment factory.
“They investigated me or asked [my neighbours] about me a few days ago,” said Chreum. “They know I am a union wife, so they stopped me extending my contract.”
She said the chase began after she saw a car with blacked-out windows outside their home matching the description neighbours had given of the car of those making enquiries about her last week.
Dr Te Vanna, owner of the clinic where Kunthea sought treatment after the incident, said he was not present at the time but his staff provided her with painkillers for injuries to her hand and arm.
“Her condition is not serious; and if my staff could not handle it, they would let me know or would have reported it to me,” he said.
A manager at Horizon who hung up without giving his name said he was unaware of Chreum's sacking. “I have many employees resign every day,” he said.
“If we let employees go or they resign, it's because their performance is not up to standard.”
Advertisements
Getty Images
During Saturday's thrilling, up-and-down, back-and-forth win over the Ravens, the Patriots created plenty of confusion on a key second-half drive by using four offensive linemen and playing hide-and-seek with one of the eligible receivers who would be ineligible in any given play.
The strategy worked — and it sufficiently upset coach John Harbaugh to result in an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty. After the game, Harbaugh elaborated on the source of sideline consternation not seen from him since the night that the lights went out in New Orleans.
“[I]t's a substitution type of trick type of thing,” Harbaugh told reporters after the game. “So they don't give you the opportunity, they don't give you the chance to make the proper substitutions and things like that. It's not something that anybody's ever done before. The league will look at that type of thing and I'm sure that they'll make some adjustments and things like that.”
Harbaugh said he simply hoped to have a chance to try to make a substitution based on whom the eligible receivers would be.
“[W]e wanted an opportunity to be able to ID who the eligible players were, because what they were doing was they would announce the eligible player and then time was taken and they would go over and snap the ball before we even had the chance to figure out who was lined up where, and that was the deception part of it,” Harbaugh said. “And that was where it was clearly deception. So the officials told me after that they'd give us the opportunity to do that, which they probably should have done during that series but they didn't really understand what was happening.”
Harbaugh explained that he deliberately provoked the flag.
“That's why I had to go and take the penalty, to get their attention so that they would understand what was going on because they didn't understand what was going on,” Harbaugh said. “And they said that that was the right thing, that they'd give us the chance to ID the eligible receivers so we could actually get them covered. That's why guys were open, because we didn't ID where the eligible receivers were at. So, that's the nature of that particular thing they were doing, that's what made it so difficult.”
It was an unprecedented tactic, in Harbaugh's opinion. Asked whether he considers it to be cheap or dirty, Harbaugh stopped short.
“I'm not going to comment on that,” he said.
It's clear he believes the Patriots exploited a loophole that sufficiently confused the officials to allow the Patriots to sufficiently confuse the Ravens. While the loophole could be closed by the Competition Committee and then the owners, New England's ability to identify and to capitalize on a little-known quirk in the rules perhaps should be regarded neither as dirty nor cheap but effective.
As NFL teams cut down their rosters to 53 men on Saturday, it allowed them to sign up to 10 players to their respective practice squads on Sunday. We will continue to update as teams announce their practice squad signings. Check out our tracker to see who ended up where:
Atlanta Falcons
QB Matt Simms, TE Marcel Jensen, DT Joey Mbu, LB Derek Akunne, OT Pierce Burton, RB Jahwan Edwards, CB Akeem King, LB Tyler Starr, LB Stansly Maponga
Baltimore Ravens
S Nick Perry, WR Jeremy Butler, QB Bryn Renner, LB Brennen Beyer, OL Kaleb Johnson, OL De'Ondre Wesley, TE Konrad Reuland, WR Daniel Brown, TE Dominique Jones, WR Jeremy Ross
Buffalo Bills
WR Dezmin Lewis, G Cyril Richardson, LB Kevin Reddick, RB Cierre Wood, DE IK Enemkpali, OT Chris Martin, DE Cedric Reed, QB Alex Tanney, CB Jaylen Watkins, S Jonathan Meeks
Carolina Panthers
DT Chas Alecxih, WR Brenton Bersin, LB Brian Blechen, WR Carrington Byndom, WR Damiere Byrd, DE Rakim Cox, OT David Foucault, LB Adarius Glanton, TE Scott Simonson, CB Lou Young
Chicago Bears
LB James Anderson, LB Lamin Barrow, OT Nick Becton, DL Brandon Dunn, CB Jacoby Glenn, WR Jalen Saunders, TE Gannon Sinclair, WR Ify Umodu, DL Terry Williams
Cincinnati Bengals
CB Troy Hill, OT Dan France, G Trey Hopkins, TE Matt Lengel, QB Keith Wenning, DT DeShawn Williams, LB Trevor Roach, WR Jake Kumerow, RB Terrell Watson, RB James Wilder Jr.
Cleveland Browns
DB Kendall James, WR Darius Jennings, OL Erle Ladson, OL Andrew McDonald, OL Darrian Miller, LB Hayes Pullard III, DB De'Ante Saunders
Dallas Cowboys
QB Kellen Moore, QB Jameill Showers, LB Dakorey Johnson, DB Tim Scott, T John Wetzel
Denver Broncos
LB Zaire Anderson, C Dillon Day, DE Chuka Ndulue, LB Danny Mason, CB Taurean Nixon, WR Jordan Taylor, RB Kapri Bibbs, TE Arthur Lynch, OT Kyle Roberts, DE George Uko
Detroit Lions
CB Stanley Jean-Baptiste, WR Andrew Peacock, DE Larry Webster, TE Casey Pierce, DT Kerry Hyder, S Isaiah Johnson, QB Ricky Stanzi, RB George Winn, C Braxston Cave, WR Saalim Hakim
Green Bay Packers
WR Ed Williams
Houston Texans
QB Zac Dysert, RB Kenny Hilliard, G Karim Barton, WR Alan Bonner, LB Max Bullough, S Kurtis Drummond, S Corey Moore, DE Dan Pettinato, TE Eric Tomlinson, WR Chandler Worthy
Indianapolis Colts
LB Daniel Adongo, G David Arkin, WR Quan Bray, WR Duron Carter, OT Ulrick John, S Dewey McDonald, LB Josh McNary, CB Eric Patterson DT Jeris Pendleton, TE Erik Swoope
Jacksonville Jaguars
DL Richard Ash, TE Ben Koyack, DB Craig Loston, OL Christopher Reed, WR Neal Sterling, LB Todd Thomas, DB Peyton Thompson, WR Tony Washington
Kansas City Chiefs
WR Da'Ron Brown, DT Hebron Fangupo, OT Laurence Gibson, CB Jeremy Harris, DL David Irving, C Daniel Munyer, G Jarrod Pughsley, TE Ross Travis, FB Spencer Ware, WR Fred Williams
Miami Dolphins
QB McLeod Bethel-Thompson, C Sam Brenner, DT Deandre Coleman, LB Mike Hull, TE Tim Semisch, TE Jake Stoneburner, S Cedric Thompson, OT Aundrey Walker, RB Raijon Neal, WR Uzoma Nwachukwu, RB Jonas Gray
Minnesota Vikings
DE B.J. Dubose, OL Isame Faciane, WR Isaac Fruechte, S Anthony Harris, LB Brian Peters, FB Blake Renaud, LB Brandon Watts, RB Dominique Williams, OL David Yankey
New England Patriots
OL Chris Barker, OL Blaine Clausell, TE Asante Cleveland, LB Darius Fleming, LB Brandon King, WR Nathan Palmer, DT Jimmy Staten, DB Daxton Swanson, WR Kenbrell Thompkins, OL Cameron Fleming
New Orleans Saints
WR R.J. Harris, G/T Sean Hickey, WR Seantavius Jones, G Cyril Lemon, TE Chris Manhertz, FB Toben Opurum, CB Sammy Seamster, TE Blake Annen, DL Ashaad Mabry, DB Don Jones
New York Giants
OL Adam Gettis, OL Emmett Cleary, WR Julian Talley, DE Brad Bars, LB Cole Farrand, DB C.J. Conway, TE Will Tye, DT Montori Hughes
New York Jets
WR Walt Powell, TE Wes Saxton, FB Julian Howsare, OL Wesley Johnson, S Rontez Miles, DL Jordan Williams, LB Deion Barnes, LB Taiwan Jones, CB Keon Lyn
Philadelphia Eagles
OL Brett Boyko, OL Malcolm Bunche, CB Randall Evans, WR Freddie Martino, DE Brian Mihalik, RB Raheem Mostert, TE Chris Pantale, WR Quron Pratt, S Ed Reynolds, LB Deontae Skinner
Pittsburgh Steelers
DB Jordan Dangerfield, LB L.J. Fort, WR Shakim Phillips, CB Doran Grant, LB Anthony Chickillo, OL Barrett Jones, TE Xavier Grimble, OT Matt Feiler, RB Fitzgerald Toussaint, WR Isaiah Burse
St. Louis Rams
OT Isaiah Battle, RB Malcolm Brown, S Christian Bryant, TE Justice Cunningham, S Jacob Hagen, FB Zach Laskey, DE Matt Longacre, CB Trovon Reed, DT Louis Trinca-Pasat, DT Doug Worthington
San Diego Chargers
CB Greg Ducre, WR Javontee Herndon, G Michael Huey, LB Ryan Mueller, S Adrian Phillips, RB Dreamius Smith, DT Damion Square
San Francisco 49ers
WR DiAndre Campbell, CB Marcus Cromartie, RB Kendall Gaskins, DT Kaleb Ramsey, LB Marcus Rush, DT Garrison Smith, QB Dylan Thompson, G Andrew Tiller, S Jermaine Whitehead
Seattle Seahawks
TE RaShaun Allen, OL Will Pericak, LB Eric Pinkins, OT Terry Poole, WR Kevin Smith, RB Rod Smith, WR Kasen Williams, CB Justin Coleman, CB Kevin Short, DE Robert Thomas
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
TE Cameron Brate, T Reid Fragel, WR Rannell Hall, WR Donteea Dye, LB Josh Keyes, DB Jude Adjei-Barimah, WR Kaelin Clay, LB/DE Howard Jones, CB Imoan Claiborne
Tennessee Titans
CB B.W. Webb
Washington Redskins
LB Houston Bates, OT Takoby Cofield, DE Corey Crawford, CB Quinton Dunbar, LB Terrance Plummer, TE Je'Ron Hamm, RB Trey Williams, FB Ray Agnew, LB Ryan Delaire, CB Deshazor Everett
Update: Read CNN's coverage of the report which cites "systemic failures and leadership and management deficiencies" at the State Department. The full report can be found here. It includes recommendations for substantial improvements to how security is handled.
By Elise Labott
An independent review of the September 11 attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi criticizes the State Department's Bureau of Diplomatic Security for its work in Libya before the event in which four Americans were killed, two sources who have read the report told CNN Tuesday.
The senior management in charge of diplomatic security "does not come out well at all," said one of the sources.
Assistant Secretary of State Eric Boswell is head of diplomatic security and Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Charlene Lamb oversaw State Department decisions on security at the diplomatic outpost. Lamb have testified before Congress about the security precautions; documents show Lamb denied repeated requests for additional security in Libya.
The review has been sent to Capitol Hill, and an unclassified version was expected to be released as well.
The Accountability Review Board completed its investigation into the matter this week and sent a copy to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for review. A classified version of the report was delivered Tuesday afternoon to members and staff of the committees on Capitol Hill that have jurisdiction over the State Department.
Veteran diplomat Thomas Pickering and former Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen, both members of the review board will brief members of the House Foreign Affairs and Senate Foreign Relations Committees in a classified setting about the report on Wednesday.
State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters Tuesday that Clinton, who is home recovering from a stomach virus and concussion, wrote a letter to members of Congress that will accompany the report being sent to Capitol Hill.
Clinton ordered the review in the aftermath of the attack, which claimed the lives of Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three other Americans. Such reports are mandated by Congress when Americans working on behalf of the United States government are killed overseas.
It was expected to present a detailed examination of the events that led to the attacks along with a set of recommendations on improving security at U.S. diplomatic facilities around the world.
In a notice sent to all State Department employees Tuesday, the department explained how the report would be implemented once it was released.
"To implement the Board's recommendations, the Secretary has directed the Deputy Secretary for Management and Resources to lead the implementation team, supported by the Under Secretary for Political Affairs, the Under Secretary for Management, the Director General of the Foreign Service, the Executive Secretary and the Deputy Legal Advisor," the notice said.
Employees were told the implementation team met Tuesday and would continue to do so regularly to implement the recommendations of the board.
The politics surrounding the events that led to the report have claimed one political casualty, with U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan
Rice last week pulling her name from consideration to succeed Clinton. Some Republican senators had said they would put a hold on her nomination if President Barack Obama had submitted it, based on comments Rice made in the days after the attack.
In place of Clinton, Deputy Secretaries of State William Burns and Thomas Nides will testify before the House and Senate committees Thursday.
One universal truth that we, as human beings, cannot escape is the fact that we're all going to die. It might not be today, tomorrow, or a year from now, but one thing's for sure. Death is an inevitable aspect of life, which all of us has an appointment with.
Yes, death is inevitable, but we have the capability either to delay or hasten it depending on the choices we make such as the way we live our lives. For example, common habits like smoking and not exercising regularly are known to decrease life expectancy significantly. However, there are some surprising things that we wouldn't have guessed can actually cause us to have an early appointment with death.
10. Having Big Breasts
I know this claim sounds absurd, but science can back it up. Many women want bigger breasts for a number of reasons such as looking more attractive, increasing self-confidence, or simply pleasing their men. If you have an average breast size, then you should be grateful. Why? New studies show that having big breasts can cause numerous health ailments and even early death.
It's been reported that women with big breasts suffer from a great deal of back, arm, and neck pain. In addition, some also report that they experience friction rash, headaches, and spine deformity due to their large breasts. The pain associated with having big breasts is so extreme that some women have to take medications everyday just for the pain to subside.
This might come as a surprise to you but a survey conducted recently showed that one in ten women have low self-esteem because of their big breasts. In addition, a third of those surveyed said that their big breasts give them a great deal of pain while working out. But perhaps the worst consequence of having large breasts is dying prematurely. Women with big breasts are more likely to die five years earlier than their expected lifespan.
9. Drinking Too Much Coffee
Drinking coffee is perfectly fine. It even has numerous health benefits. However, consuming too much of this beverage can cause you numerous health conditions and even premature death. A study published in the Journal Mayo Clinic Proceedings showed that people under the age of 55 who consume four or more cups of coffee everyday or 28 cups or more per week increase their risk of dying prematurely by as much as 56%.
This study is quite big, involving 43,729 people—9,827 of them were women and 33,900 were men. Moreover, this study evaluated the information gathered from filled up medical and personal history questionnaires between the years 1979 and 1998.
How can the overconsumption of coffee cause premature death? According to the experts who conducted the study, coffee has the capability to increase blood pressure, activate the production of epinephrine, and stop insulin activity. All of which can wreck havoc to your body. However, it should be noted, though, that the direct link between drinking too much coffee and premature death is not yet fully understood. The researchers admit that there are still some things that need “clarification”.
But just to be safe, if you're under 55 and would like to live longer, then make sure to lessen your coffee consumption starting today.
8. Eating Whole Grains
I'm pretty sure you're saying right now, “But whole grains are healthy!”, “They're recommended by medical experts!”, “I've been eating them my whole life!” etc. Before you call me a liar, consider these facts first.
Whole grains contain phytates which block the absorption of certain essential minerals like iron, magnesium, zinc, and calcium. Studies show that eating grains can block the absorption of iron by as much as 50%. In addition, magnesium, which is a vital mineral capable of staving off type 2 diabetes as well as calcium which is needed for preventing osteoporosis, are also blocked by phytates. And worst of all, eating grains can decrease your sex drive since it inhibits the absorption of zinc. Even if you take supplements, they still won't be absorbed and used by your body properly if you continue eating whole grains.
Not convinced yet? How about this: studies show that whole grains, particularly wheat, have been linked to the development of certain autoimmune diseases. Lectins, which are present in wheat, can potentially cause lupus, hypothyroidism, eczema, and other autoimmune diseases.
7. Taking Sleeping Pills
Many people these days are suffering from insomnia, and to treat this problem doctors often prescribe sleeping pills. However, a certain study shows that taking sleeping pills can cause premature death. To be more specific, people taking sleeping medications are five times more likely to die prematurely than non-users. And worst of all, even if the dosage is low like 4 to 18 pills a year the risk doesn't diminish. In fact, people who take this number of pills annually are 3.6 times more likely to die prematurely than those who are not taking any sleeping medication.
Alarmingly, those who are taking 18 to 132 pills annually increase their risk of dying prematurely by as much 4.4%. Those who take 132 or more pills annually are 5.3 times more likely to experience an untimely death. The bad news doesn't end there. Those who take 132 pills a year increase their risk of developing cancer by as much as 35%. If you don't want to die prematurely, then ditch the pill the next time you find yourself awake and irritated at 2 o'clock in the morning.
6. Consuming Too Much Salt
If you're addicted to fast foods and processed foods, then you should definitely do your best to stop, not because they are rich in fat but because of their high sodium content. The Texas Medical Association (TMA) warns that eating foods that are high in salt can cause early death.
Aside from causing kidney stones, salt can also cause hypertension, which can lead to stroke and heart attack. The American Heart Association strongly encourages people to limit their sodium intake to 2,300 milligrams per day. Those who are suffering from hypertension should only take 1,500 milligrams of salt daily.
But AMA admits that doing so is virtually impossible. Why? Consider this. One McDonald's Quarter Pounder with Cheese has 1,190 mg of salt. On the other hand, One Wendy's Chicken BLD salad with no dressing has 1,280 mg. No wonder 65 million Americans have hypertension and 500,000 people die each year due to stroke and heart disease.
The TMA estimates that if food manufacturers and restaurants reduce the sodium content of their products, 150,000 people would be saved from dying prematurely due to the complications caused by hypertension.
5. Living All By Yourself
People living alone are more likely to die early compared to those who are living together with their families or partners. Thankfully, this only applies to elderly people, specifically those aged 52 and above.
This finding was based on a British study that involved 6,500 participants and which lasted for seven years. According to this study, people who live alone, without considering their pre-existing conditions, are 26 percent more likely to die than those who live together with other people. When pre-existing illnesses are taken into account, elderly people who are socially isolated are 48 percent more likely to experience premature death. Previous studies show that aside from dying prematurely, those who live alone, whether they prefer it or not, are also at higher risk of developing dementia and heart disease.
Fortunately, the risk of dying early can be easily reduced if elderly people are given the emotional and social support they need. Just by socializing with other people and engaging them in activities that decrease their loneliness, elderly individuals who live alone can significantly extend their life expectancy.
4. Sitting Too Much
If you're sitting right now, then you'd better stand up. Studies show that sitting for long periods of time can cause numerous serious health conditions and even premature death. Research conducted in the University of Leicester showed that people who spent most of their time sitting down, whether at work or at home, increased their risk of heart disease and diabetes. Furthermore, this research, which had 800,000 participants, discovered that even if people exercise regularly, their risk of developing diabetes, heart disease, and even obesity will not decrease if they spend most of their time sitting on an office chair or couch.
In addition, what's more alarming is the fact that sitting can cause premature death. An Australian study published in the Archives of Internal Medicine showed that adults aged 45 and above increased their risk of dying prematurely by as much as 40% just by sitting for 11 or more hours everyday.
There's a scientific reason why sitting for long hours is unhealthy and deadly for us. Sitting down is interpreted by our “intelligent” bodies as signal for our systems to go into storage mode. When this happens, a lot of unhealthy things can occur. For instance, the glucose levels in our bodies spike up, good cholesterols are reduced while the unhealthy ones increase, and we become resistant to insulin. In other words, the more we sit down, the unhealthier we become.
3. Breathing Air
Yes, that's right. The simple act of breathing can significantly decrease your life expectancy. And if you're living in a major city or in an area that is heavily polluted, then your risk of dying prematurely due to breathing polluted air significantly increases.
According to a study conducted by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, 200,000 people every year die prematurely in the U.S. due to air pollution. 53,000 of them die due to health problems caused by car pollution. Another 52,000 of these deaths are caused by the air pollution produced by generating electrical power. Alarmingly, the city which has the most deaths related to breathing polluted air is Baltimore. Other cities include Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit, and Atlanta.
So just how many years are deducted from those who are constantly exposed to breathing polluted air? Ten years.
2. Having an Unfulfilling, Stressful Job
When we hear people say “My job is killing me”, we obviously don't take that literally. However, new studies show that this common workplace sentiment (which I'm sure many of us have blurted out once, twice, or a hundred times) might be literally true. Our jobs can cause us to die prematurely! You don't believe me? Well, here are the facts.
According to a study conducted by the University College London in 2012, people with stressful jobs are 23 percent more likely to experience heart attack than those with less demanding occupations. In addition, those with highly stressful jobs, like being the president of the United States, are more likely to age faster. Not only that but also those who work for more than 11 hours a day greatly increase their risk of developing depression.
In addition, those with demanding jobs also experience difficulties in their relationships outside of work. The bad news doesn't end there. Women with demanding careers are more likely to develop diabetes too. And to top it off, a study conducted by the Tel Aviv University, which lasted for 20 years, showed that people with stressful jobs and whose work environments are hostile are more at risk of experiencing early death compared to those whose workplaces are friendly and positive.
1. Not Having Enough Sex
Yes, that's right! Not having enough sex can cause you to die prematurely. In contrast, those who engage in sex regularly are more likely to increase their life expectancy. Numerous studies show that regular sex can increase blood circulation, decrease blood pressure, and enhance cholesterol levels. Aside from that, sex is a good weight loss regimen too. Just 30 minutes of bed play with your partner, and you'll burn 200 calories. In addition, sex can also protect you from diseases like colds and coughs since it enhances your immune system.
If you've been feeling a bit stressed lately, then you better have a long and sensual lovemaking session. Having sex can help you relax and reduce your stress levels by releasing oxytocin which stimulates the production of endorphins, “the happy hormones”.
And I'm not done yet. Having sex can make you look and feel younger too since it can help you become more energetic and produce collagen, a substance that keeps your skin glowing and supple. But best of all, having regular intercourse can prolong your life. A study conducted by the Duke University showed that women who engage in regular sex are likely to add eight more years to their lifespan. On the other hand, men who have regular orgasms reduce their likelihood of dying prematurely by as much as 50%.
The next time you have sex, think of its many health benefits and how it can prevent you from dying prematurely.
Liked it? Take a second to support Toptenz.net on Patreon!
Other Articles you Might Like
