Last night the U.S. Senate voted on a bill that will extend the current Tax Cuts first put into place by President Bush after Senator Harry Reid appeared to capitulate to the threat of a Republican filibuster. This appeared to frustrate, if not anger MSNBC's Rachel Maddow last night, and not only because it messed up the rundown of her show. It understandably irked the self-described progressive because it was just another example of, as she put it, “this phenom of passing bills in the house only to see it die in the Senate.”
Maddow ran trough a litany of examples where House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was successful in moving legislation consistent with both Obama's and the progressive agenda forward through the House, only to see it die in the U.S. Senate. Then Maddow made very clear the stakes put forth by Senator Reid's consistent surrender to the GOP:
With the endless obstructions and delay tactics. The margins that Democrats have over Republicans has been equal. Things have died in the Senate, not because Democrats didn't have the votes. They had the votes. The senate broke. Without President Obama recognizing that is the U.S. Senate and acknowledging it is a broken institution that may be should be fixed, it's sort of game over in terms of the rest of his agenda. It's therefore sort of game over for his support from his base. Especially with a whole slew of Republicans on their way to Washington in January.
Maddow's statement should not be viewed as a threat, but rather an understandable effect caused by the impotent combination of a weak Senate Majority leader Reid, and a President so averse to confrontation within his own party that he's unwilling to recognize how the U.S. Senate is the weakest of all links. Therefore, speaking for a progressive base that is continuing to become more disillusioned with this administration, it completely stands to reason that Maddow and her audience would begin to look elsewhere for effective leadership.
Watch the clip from MSNBC below:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Hands-on Reviews
Our hands-on reviews are written by experienced users and collectors. We strive to create more than simply a consumer guide, making them a value to more than just potential buyers. We include detailed background information on every item, discussing its historical context and how it would have been used. Please see our
Show author information Show thumbnail photos
Our hands-on reviews are written by experienced users and collectors. We strive to create more than simply a consumer guide, making them a value to more than just potential buyers. We include detailed background information on every item, discussing its historical context and how it would have been used. Please see our Frequently Asked Questions for further information. Informal Reviews submitted by members of our community can be found on our discussion forums.
NEW items have been added within the last 60 days
HK inflation, political concerns fuel fresh Canada interest
Difficulties in running local businesses, rising inflation and an uncertain political environment are the main reasons cited by Hong Kong people who are seeking to migrate overseas, according to a report.
Among the various options, Canada remains a favored choice for Hong Kong emigrants, Ming Pao Daily noted Tuesday.
The paper cited the case of a Hongkonger, identified by his surname — Lam, who is seeking to move back to Canada after spending the past couple of decades here.
Lam, who initially migrated to Canada when he was 11, had returned to Hong Kong to set up a business 20 years ago. But he now wants to go back as he is finding it difficult to run the business due to the renminbi's appreciation, the report said.
Lam got married in Hong Kong and started a business with his wife to sell ballroom dancing costumes procured from mainland factories. But the renminbi's appreciation has driven up his costs, posing a headache.
Lam's wife — a person surnamed Siu — added that disappointment with the Hong Kong government and inflation were also part of the reason why the couple decided to go back to Canada. Rising prices due to mainland visitors helped the duo make up its mind to leave Hong Kong, even as they have an unrealized gain of about HK$4 million on a house in Fanling.
Canada has been drawing an increasing number of applications from Hong Kong people for migration to Canada in the past couple of years. A lawyer named Lawrence Wong said the applications could be stemming from dissatisfaction with the social changes and unclear political prospects in the city, according to a separate Ming Pao report on Monday.
There were 717 applications filed for Canada migration from Hong Kong last year, up 26.2 percent from 2011 when there were 568 such applications.
Sonia Lesage, a spokesperson for the Canadian Immigration Authority, said the applications are mostly routed through the agency's Hong Kong office. But some people also apply while they are studying or working in Canada, while some seek entry for spouses.
Wong said it will be difficult to apply unless one is fluent in English and has received an employment letter as Canada has been trimming down the migration quota in the recent past.
Alexander Ning, who works as a notary public and immigration and refugee counselor, said people who had the ability to migrate had done so before 1997, when Hong Kong returned to Chinese rule. Wannabe migrants who are still in Hong Kong either do not have enough capital or were unable to meet other conditions, he said.
He added that uneasy living conditions in Canada had stopped some Hong Kong people from applying for migration. The surge in Canada application number might not be all contributed by Hong Kong people, but might include mainlanders who received Hong Kong identity cards in recent years, Ning said.
– Contact us at [email protected]
AM/JP/RC
Comes as angry protesters have taken to streets of over 170 US cities
Lee has been arrested on assault charges; victim is recovering at home
Officers say her boyfriend, De'Angelas Lee, drove directly toward them
A pregnant woman who lost her left eye after police shot at her car during violent protests in Ferguson, Missouri, has spoken of how thankful she is to still be alive.
Dornella Conner, 24, was reportedly being driven away by her boyfriend from a gas station in the St Louis suburb when an officer fired a 'bean bag' round at their vehicle, showering her with glass.
The mother-of-two, who is around 12 weeks' pregnant, was rushed to hospital with severe injuries to her left eye. Despite medics' best efforts, she was left blinded, with blurry vision in her right eye.
But speaking at her home in O'Fallon, St Louis, on Monday, she said she is simply thankful to have survived the shooting, saying: 'I am thankful I am here to see the world and you and my kids.'
She also revealed she has already forgiven officers for taking away her sight. 'I forgive the person that shot me because god will bless me for not having hate in my heart,' she said.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT
Scroll down for video
Blinded: Dornella Conner (seen in hospital) was reportedly being driven away by her boyfriend, De'Angelas Lee, from a gas station in Ferguson, St Louis, when an officer fired a 'bean bag' round at their vehicle
Before the shooting: The mother-of-two, who is around 12 weeks' pregnant, was taken to hospital with severe injuries to her left eye. Despite medics' best efforts, she was left blinded, with blurry vision in her right eye
Thankful: But speaking at her home in O'Fallon, St Louis, on Monday, she said she is simply thankful to have survived the shooting. Above, Miss Conner is pictured hugging one of her two young daughters in hospital
Miss Conner, who has two young daughters, said she was not participating in the protests against the grand jury's verdict not to indict officer Darren Wilson in the Michael Brown case when she was shot.
Instead, she and her boyfriend, De'Angelas Lee, had stopped at the BP gas station in New Halls Ferry Road to fill up their car and purchase 'some snacks', she said.
However, a St Louis County Police Department spokesman said Lee deliberately drove directly at officers in the station's parking lot, forcing them to have to jump out of the car's path.
Lee, who reportedly came to a halt as police opened fire, has been arrested on second-degree assault charges following the incident last Tuesday, according to KHOU.com.
Describing the moment she was struck by shards of glass, Miss Conner, who was sitting in the passenger side of the car said: 'All I felt was a blast in my face.'
The victim, who is unable to receive a cornea transplant because her injuries are so severe, added: ''I am hurt because I will never see my left eye again. I have been getting nightmares about it.
Bloodied: Miss Conner, who has two young daughters, said she was not participating in the protests against the grand jury's verdict not to indict officer Darren Wilson in the Michael Brown case when she was shot
Arrest: Instead, she (seen, left, with her daughter) and her boyfriend, De'Angelas Lee (right), had stopped at the BP gas station to fill up their car and purchase 'some snacks', she said. Lee has since been arrested
Grateful to well-wishers: Earlier this week, Miss Conner, who is now recovering at home, took to Facebook to express her her gratitude to well-wishers and her devastation at her boyfriend's arrest (pictured)
WHAT IS A 'BEAN BAG' ROUND? A non-lethal bean-bag round A bean-bag round, or flexible baton round, is a projectile used by law enforcement officers to incapacitate suspects without killing them. They are fired from a shotgun and take the form of lead shots housed in a small 'pillow'. They are designed not to penetrate skin, but are capable of causing muscle spasms. Deaths from bean bag rounds are rare. They have killed people in the past by causing internal bleeding, breaking the neck and even fatally damaging the heart by sending pieces of broken rib into it. Shotguns with bean-bag rounds are normally colored bright orange to prevent lethal rounds being loaded.
'I am just trying to stay strong. I'm just thankful that I am alive because of my kids. I am just thankful because I thought I was dead that night.'
Earlier this week, Miss Conner, who is now recovering at home, took to Facebook to express her her gratitude to well-wishers and her devastation at her boyfriend's arrest.
Under the pseudonym 'Lenora Prince', she wrote: 'I'm hurt because I can't see again and my love of my life is not here, but I forgive those who have done wrong things to me.'
In another post, she told her friends: 'Remember god is in control, not you and me... if you have children kiss them, tell you them you love them, because life is never promised.'
Miss Conner has also set up a Facebook page, Dornnella Is Alive, on which she has written the short description: 'I am thankful to be alive'.
Police arrived at the gas station last Tuesday following following reports of looting and rioting.
During the night's protests over unarmed 18-year-old Brown's fatal shooting on August 9 in Ferguson, 16 people were arrested, officers said.
Last Thursday, Miss Conner told KMOV.com that several police vehicles had blocked their exit from the gas station ‘from the side and the back' in the minutes before she was shot.
The victim's father, Donnell, said he was 'very disappointed at police tactic'', adding: ‘There was no reason to fire upon an innocent person who was sitting in a vehicle.'
Meanwhile, Miss Cornell's sister, Tikal Goldie, said: ‘I really just want to have closure and justice for my sister.'
It comes as tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of more than 170 cities across America to protest against the jury's decision not to indict Wilson, who is white.
Sisters: Miss Cornell's sister, Tikal Goldie (left), said: ‘I really just want to have justice for my sister' (right)
Injured: Miss Conner, who also has blurry vision in her right eye, is pictured after the shooting last Thursday
Anger: Ms Goldie speaks to the media just hours after her sister was shot with a 'bean bag' by an officer
On Sunday, furious St Louis cops demanded that NFL players who made the 'hands up, don't shoot' gesture in solidarity with Ferguson protesters are punished by their superiors.
Officials from the St Louis County Police Association - the police union for the area including Ferguson - said that it was 'profoundly disappointed' in the five players who made the gesture.
Officers released an angry statement, saying the players 'ignored mountains of evidence' vindicating Wilson over the shooting of Brown.
The statement, given to KSDK, also described the gesture, which protesters have adopted across the nation, as: 'tasteless, offensive and inflammatory'.
Support: It comes as tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of more than 170 cities across America to protest against the jury's decision not to indict officer Darren Wilson in Michael Brown's shooting. Above, St. Louis Rams players put their hands up to show support for the teenager before Sunday's game
Protesting: Across the street from the stadium, about 75 protesters gathered in the second half (pictured) as about 30 police wearing riot gear watched from a safe distance. Protesters chanted ‘Hands up, don't shoot!'
Standing guard: The National Guard stand watch out in front of the Ferguson Market in Missouri on Sunday
Across the street from the stadium, about 75 protesters gathered in the second half as about 30 police wearing riot gear watched from a safe distance.
Protesters chanted ‘Hands up, don't shoot!' ‘No Justice, No Football!' ‘This is what Democracy looks like,' and ‘We're here for Mike Brown.'
Miss Conner was due to visit her doctor for a follow-up appointment on Monday.
Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said he can never forgive the mainstream media for “demonising” him and his party, making it dangerous for him to even leave his house.
Appearing on ITV's Piers Morgan's Life Stories, he was asked about David Silvester, a former UKIP councillor who said the 2013 flooding was God's punishment for gay marriage. “This was a deliberate media campaign to make UKIP out to be something that it wasn't”, explained Mr. Farage.
Mr. Silverster had been a councillor for the Conservatives before defecting to UKIP, during which time he has said similar things without them ever being reported. Mr. Farage continued:
“It is because of these irrelevant people, who held no position, they happened to join an organisation, and because of these irrelevant people, being demonised by liberal media.
“I've had to live years, frankly, of being frightened of walking out into the street all because the media picked out these people. And because these people attempted to demonise me and give me a bad name,” Farage said.
“And you're surprised three years on, when I have to live like a virtual prisoner, that I'm not happy about it? Will I ever forgive the British media for what they've done to me? No.”
WATCH | @Nigel_Farage on #LifeStories responding to @PiersMorgan‘s question, “Why were you so passionate about getting us out of the EU?” pic.twitter.com/3fUA3jlrZQ — LEAVE.EU (@LeaveEUOfficial) February 24, 2017
Mr. Farage said UKIP's aim was to advance “common-sense policies” in which people would “struggle to find anything” racist.
He was also questioned on former UKIP Member of the European Parliament, Godfrey Bloom, who was recorded using the phrase “Bongo Bongo Land”. Mr Farage said the wording was “wrong”, but Mr. Bloom's wider point was correct.
“Was he right about us sending foreign aid to corrupt regimes all over the world when we could spend it better at home? Of course he was right”, he said.
When Mr. Morgan asked about rumours he could move to the U.S., Mr. Farage said he wouldn't consider going anywhere until he is certain Brexit would be implemented fully.
Asked if he would ever consider running for Prime Minister, Mr. Farage added: “If this political class let us down on Brexit, then anything can happen.”
“I've got to see the Brexit process through, we won the war but we must win the peace. I'll see out my time in the European Parliament, so I'll be there until 2019,” he added.
We build robots that fight other robots, in a competition called Mech Warfare (http://mech-warfare.com).
We are a group of hobbyists, robotics engineers, students, and various humans that build small remotely piloted walking robots armed with airsoft, nerf, and even more powerful weapons such as micro-rockets, custom co2 powered bb rifles, and flame throwers. We take these robots, place them in a small-scale model urban environment and duke it out. Mech Warfare is part engineering competition, part "real-world videogame" with a strong emphasis on sharing knowledge, advancing robotics technology, and having fun. In our 4th year, we now have teams from across the United States, Canada, Mexico, and even Japan flying into Robogames in San Fransisco to compete each year.
The last 3 years we've used a simple PVC pipe & canvas tent, which is inadequate for larger more powerful robots. Furthermore, we were fortunate enough to have a professional model making crew (Fonco Creative Services) do all of our scale buildings for the inside of the arena. While the internal environment looks very professional and well done, the canvas & PVC tent takes away from the immersion and overall aesthetic of the competition quite a bit, and we'd like to remedy this.
We need Kickstarter's help because our robots are growing a bit too large and powerful to be hosted in a canvas tent. We need to build a lexan & aluminum armored arena to keep the robots safely confined within the arena, and keep the spectators on the outside safe from stray micro-rockets and BBs. If you've ever seen BattleBots, think of our arena as a smaller-scale version of theirs.
We need to raise $6000 to build a modular, aluminum frame and lexan arena that is easily compacted and capable to be shipped/shared with other Mech Warfare competition groups popping up (we have a few so far). All of our 3D design plans for the arena will also be openly available for download to anyone interested. Any additional money raised beyond the cost of the arena will go into upgraded our networking equipment which allows us to stream live video feeds from the robots (used to remotely pilot the robots), displays for live 'mech-cam' feeds, and other various improvements for the arena and competition.
As this is a non-profit, open source competition, we don't really have anything to physically build or much give away. We are however doing something that hasn't been done before, and something that we are very passionate about. There is no 'end goal' in mind for this competition, there is no profitable market product to create, we are inventors and tinkerers simply doing this because we love technology and learning. And robots. Because robots are awesome.
With that said, we have in the past offered 'ad space' in the form of small advertisements, signage, building signs, etc, incorporated into our small-scale urban arena. For example, in previous years we've had miniature billboards featuring sponsor logos and websites, park benches with ads of them, and buildings named after other sponsors.
We also have our friends over at Fonco (and Kickstarter Alumni) offering up some sweet MORAV based schwag. AND, we have friends in our community whipping up some pretty awesome Mech Warfare posters as well!
This is a competition we have had a lot of fun building, and every year it grows in size and the number of people involved. The investment into this arena will help the competition grow for years to come. Thanks so much for reading and taking an interest.
Update: Here's a peak at the Mech Warfare poster that backers of $25 or more will be receiving!
This piece was done for us by an amazing artist, Søren Bendt. You can check out more of his work at his blog here: http://sonobeno.blogspot.com/
Cheers and thanks again for your support!
Interview Samereh Alinejad tells the Guardian she had no intention of sparing her son's killer, Balal, until the moment she asked for the noose to be removed from his neck
The idea she might pardon her son's killer first came to Samereh Alinejad in a dream. It was a message she didn't want to hear.
Abdollah Hosseinzadeh was stabbed and killed in a street brawl in the autumn of 2007 when he was only 18. He had known his killer, Balal. The two, barely out of their teens at the time, had played football together. Abdollah was the second son Alinejad had lost, her youngest died as a boy in a motorbike accident when he was 11. Furious in her grief, she was determined Balal would hang.
But as Balal's execution date drew nearer, Abdollah appeared to his mother in a series of vivid dreams.
"Ten days before the execution was due, I saw my son in a dream asking me not to take revenge, but I couldn't convince myself to forgive," she told the Guardian. "Two nights before that day, I saw him in the dream once again, but this time he refused to speak to me."
Speaking by phone from Iran's northern Mazandaran province, on the Caspian Sea, Alinejad said she had no intention of sparing Balal's life until the moment she asked for the noose to be removed from his neck. Her last-minute pardon was a remarkable act of humanity that moved hearts across Iran – and the world – but it took Alinejad by surprise as much as it did Balal, his relatives and her own family.
A stream of relatives, her brother and her mother, flowed through her house the night before the execution. Painfully aware of the grief she had carried in the seven years since her son was killed, none of them attempted to change her mind. "I stood very firm in my belief that I want him punished, so they didn't expect me to forgive."
As Abdollah's legal guardian, Alinejad's husband Abdolghani had the power under Iranian law to overturn the death penalty, but he had relinquished that responsibility to his wife.
"We couldn't sleep that night, we were all awake until morning. Until the last minute, I didn't want to forgive. I had told my husband just two days before that I can't forgive this man, but maybe there would be a possibility, but I couldn't persuade myself to forgive." Alinejad had been assured: "My husband said, look to God and let's see what happens."
In the early hours of last Tuesday, Alinejad was outside the gates of Nour prison, among the crowd gathered for Balal's execution.
Balal stands in the gallows during his would-be execution ceremony. Photograph: Arash Khamooshi/AFP/Getty Images
"You have the final say, my husband had said," she recalled. "He said you've suffered too much, we'll do as you say."
After recitation from the Qur'an was read, prison guards had hooked a rope around Balal's neck as he stood on a chair blindfolded, his hands tied behind his back. Iran's Islamic penal code allows the victim's heir – "walli-ye-dam" – to personally execute the condemned man as Qisas (retribution) – in this case by pushing away the chair he was standing on.
Seconds away from what could have been his final breath, Balal pleaded for his life and called out for mercy. "Please forgive," he shouted, "if only for my mum and dad," Alinejad recalled. "I was angry, I shouted back how can I forgive, did you show mercy to my son's mum and dad?"
Others in the crowd watching the scene in anguish also called out for the family to spare Balal's life. "Amoo Ghani (uncle Ghani), forgive," they shouted, calling the victim's father by his first name.
Balal's fate then took an unexpected turn. Alinejad clambered up on a stool and rather than pushing away his chair, slapped him across the face.
"After that, I felt as if rage vanished within my heart. I felt as if the blood in my veins began to flow again," she said. "I burst into tears and I called my husband and asked him to come up and remove the noose." Within seconds, as Abdolghani unhooked the rope from Balal's neck, he was declared pardoned.
Balal's mother Kobra, sobbing, reached across the fence separating the crowd from the execution site, and embraced Alinejad before reaching to kiss her feet – a gesture of respect and gratitude. "I didn't allow her to do that, I took her arm and made her stand up … she was just a mother like me, after all."
Arash Khamoushi, a photographer for Iranian news agency Isna, captured the extraordinary scene in a series of pictures that flooded internet sites, newspapers and television sets across the world. Among the most poignant images is of the mothers, facing each other for the first time, holding one another in their arms.
"She was extremely happy, it was as if someone had given her wings to fly," Alinejad said. Hours ulater, after sparing one woman's child, she went to visit her own son's grave.
Samereh Alinejad and her husband Abdolghani remove the noose from Balal. Photograph: Arash Khamoushi/AP
Abdollah was brought up in a religious family. Alinejad is a housewife, Abdolghani is a retired labourer who works as football coach in the local club where both Abdollah and Balal used to play. Having lost both their sons, the couple now have only their daughter. Balal remains in jail. A victim's family can only save a killer's life, they can't lift a jail sentence, which is at the discretion of the judiciary in Iran, which has the worst record for executions worldwide after China.
Alinejad has not spoken to Balal's family other than when they met at Nour prison. "I didn't utter a single word to them in all these years, nor complain directly about why their son killed mine," she said. "But they're in touch with our relatives.
"Balal was naive. He didn't want to kill, it wasn't in his nature, he was angry in seconds and had a knife in his hand."
Finding herself suddenly a figure of inspiration for people across the world, Alinejad has one lesson she hopes her tragedy will help others to learn: "For young people not to carry knives when they're going out. When they kill a person, they don't just kill that person, mums and dads die too as a result."
She is pleased, she said, so many people were happy with her decision: "I'm glad when people now call me their mum."
One week after pardoning Balal, Alinejad has found a peace lost since her son's death. "Losing a child is like losing a part of your body. All these years, I felt like a moving dead body," she said. "But now, I feel very calm, I feel I'm at peace. I feel that vengeance has left my heart."
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
KUCHING: A total of 2,667 dogs were vaccinated in a rabies vaccination exercise for pets at Arang Road Basketball Court yesterday.
This brings the total number of animals vaccinated in the state to 13,969 dogs, 7,595 cats and 45 other animals.
Roads leading to Arang Road Basketball Court were congested as early as 9am with the reverberating sounds of dogs barking at the venue.
Many showed up early at the venue with their pets for staff from the State Veterinary Services Department (JPVS) to vaccinate.
Around 60 JPVS staff members were involved and around 5,000 vaccines were provided for the exercise from 10am to 4pm yesterday.
According to officials, members of the public living within a 10km radius of Sungai Maong Wet Market (declared a rabies-infected area on Tuesday) had been advised to get their pets vaccinated against rabies at the venue.
Sungai Maong Wet Market here and Kampung Serikin in Bau have been declared rabies-infected areas on July 25, bringing the total number of such areas in the state to 22 as of yesterday.
Sarawak United People's Party (SUPP) Youth chief Tan Kai and Youth Central publicity secretary Milton Foo were present to witness the exercise.
The Sarawak Disaster Management Committee (JPBN) secretariat said Petra Jaya is free from rabies for now.
A statement issued here claimed as a hoax the WhatsApp message that went viral claiming Petra Jaya a newly-declared rabies-affected area.
In Serian division, 18 areas were declared rabbies-infected namely Entebuh in Tebedu, Krait, Paun Rimu, Paun Rimu Bakung, Remun, Lebor, Seroban, Tangga, Ampungan, Mentong Berawan, Mentong Silaga, Engkabang, Tampek Sumpas, Rasau, Siburan bazaar, Serian town, Mile 45 of Kuching-Sri Aman Road and Temong Mura in Tebedu.
There are three in Kuching Division (Mile 5 Jalan Semeba, Sungai Maong Wet Market and Serikin in Bau) and one in Sri Aman Division (Rumah Janta Punggu Mawang).
Rabies has claimed five lives in Sarawak so far.
The latest victim Tinding Lambang, 52, from Kampung Remun, died from rabies encephalomyelitis last week.
According to a statement issued on July 18 by Health Ministry director-general Datuk Dr Noor Hisham Abdullah, the victim was bitten by a dog in early May this year.
It's been a while since Tesla updated its apparel & accessories on its ‘Tesla Gear‘ website, but the company managed to release a few new shirt designs ahead of the shopping season this year, including some designs featuring Tesla's ‘Insane mode', Dual Motor, and Model X.
Apparently, Tesla is now printing its designs on some fancy hand-picked Peruvian cotton for its shirts:
“This shirt is made from long grain, GMO free Peruvian cotton. Peru is the only country in the world where cotton is picked by hand on a large scale. The 4,500-year-old tradition prevents damage to the fiber during the picking process and removes the need to use chemicals to open the cotton plants before harvest. This environmentally friendly process results in cotton that is soft, strong, and lustrous – and the tee will get even softer with every wash.”
Here are the new designs on the website:
Insane Mode T-Shirt
Dual Motor T-Shirt
Model X T-Shirt
Ben had much the same view; it's also clear that this is something that continues to bother him. Here's his younger brother, creating a work that Ben sees as having real cinematic merit, and it is essentially released into a black hole of enmity. But he also argues that it serves as a strong case study in what makes Casey Casey.
“He had to have his own compass, his own sense of north, and he's feisty and stubborn and he won't give that up,” Ben says. “I think the director in him was poorly served by the promoter in him, who stubbornly didn't want to give in to people who thought this was all fake. If you reverse-engineer the movie, he took the two years where he would have been the hottest as an actor — Oscar for ‘Jesse James,' his performance in ‘Gone Baby Gone' — where he got a lot of offers to do studio action movies and that sort of thing, and instead, he pursued this vision he had of this movie with his best friend. I thought it was a really smart, creative thing that nobody else had thought of. But he did it at the expense of his acting career.”
Casey and Ben grew up partly in Cambridge, Mass., where they got their start as actors through a friend of their mother's, who did the casting for movies that were shooting in town, and the Afflecks would be extras for a day. In high school, both Afflecks and Damon had a drama teacher named Gerry Speca, who sowed a love for acting in the three of them. After graduation, Casey moved to Los Angeles, living in a house in Eagle Rock with his brother, Damon and another friend, all trying to be actors.
As a young guy living in Los Angeles, Affleck was having a ball; as a young actor trying to work, he was stuck unsuccessfully auditioning for teen soap-type stuff — “Saved by the Bell” and the like. Then he got to read for a part in a movie called “To Die For” — they were looking for kids from New England — directed by an ascendant indie director named Gus Van Sant. After auditioning half a dozen times, Affleck finally had a meeting with Van Sant, but became hopelessly lost while driving to the Columbia lot. When he arrived at the meeting, having wrestled with maps across the better part of greater Los Angeles, Casey was a full two hours late. He earned a lecture from the film's producer, who said he would never get a part if he didn't learn to show up on time.
He did wind up winning that part in “To Die For,” filming the movie in and around Toronto with Van Sant, Nicole Kidman and a rising actor named Joaquin Phoenix, who became his good friend and, eventually, his brother-in-law, after Affleck married Joaquin's sister, Summer Phoenix. After “To Die For,” Affleck decided he didn't want to move back to Los Angeles, so he headed for New York. One day, he got a call from Van Sant. “Gus said, ‘I'm halfway through this script, and it says it's co-written by Ben Affleck, is that your brother?' ” Casey says. Casey assured him it was, and Van Sant said, “It's pretty good, I'll finish it.” The script was “Good Will Hunting,” which Van Sant eventually directed, and which won Ben Affleck and Matt Damon an Oscar for best original screenplay.
There was also a part in the movie for Casey, they told him. “At the time, I was not interested in being in movies, and they wanted me to come play that part,” Casey says. “They basically had to talk me into it.” Damon remembers Casey's reluctance with a laugh. “We were just like, ‘Dude, we wrote this part for you, what is your problem?' He's like a little brother, and in that case he actually was Ben's little brother.”
That same year, Casey appeared in “Chasing Amy,” another movie that starred Ben. Then he entered what he now thinks of as a fallow period: “I got sucked into doing movies because now I was depending on it for my livelihood, and I had an apartment in New York and I started to have things I had to pay for, so there was a period where I did some movies that I had no interest in,” he says. “It was a job, and it started to become not so fun — movies like ‘Drowning Mona' and ‘Soul Survivors' that I just did. Then I started doing the ‘Ocean' movies. Those were fun, but also a lot of time spent being, like, 100 feet away from the camera in the background while George” — Clooney — “and Brad” — Pitt — “were in the foreground. That was sort of a great, fun social experience, but not all that exciting as an actor.”
Sure, the "fiscal cliff" deal hikes taxes on the wealthiest, but it also raises taxes on the middle-class and working poor, primarily because the payroll tax holiday goes away. As such, some very well-off Americans end up faring pretty well under the deal.
The Tax Policy Center has totalled up all the tax changes under the bill and finds that two groups of Americans will have the lowest tax increase: Taxpayers with income between $200,000 and $500,000 and those with income between $10,000 and $20,000, both of whom will see their tax rate increase by 1 percentage point—a smaller hike than any other income group. Even those earning less than $10,000 will see a bigger 1.3 percentage point rate hike.
(Data from the Tax Policy Center)
In fact, most of those in the $200,000-$500,000 range dodged a major bullet when legislators agreed upon on a $450,000 threshold rather than the lower $250,000 level that President Obama was pushing for. By comparison, those with income between $500,000 and $1 million will see their taxes go up 2.2 percentage points and those above $1 million will see a 5.2 percentage point hike. So those upper-income Americans whom Congress has deemed to be "middle class" arguably got the best deal under the entire bill.
The 'Scandal' star talks with THR about the behind-the-scenes drama of HBO's political telefilm, her talks with Anita Hill and what she hopes viewers will take away from the project.
Kerry Washington has high hopes for HBO's Confirmation.
Premiering Saturday, Confirmation stars Washington as Anita Hill opposite Wendell Pierce as Clarence Thomas and details the explosive 1991 Supreme Court nomination hearings (at which Anita Hill testified) that brought the country to a standstill and forever changed the way people think about sexual harassment, victims' rights and modern-day race relations.
Academy Award-nominated writer Susannah Grant (Erin Brockovich) penned the script and executive produced the movie alongside Washington. The movie features an all-star cast that also includes Greg Kinnear as Joe Biden, Eric Stonestreet as lobbyist Ken Duberstein and Jeffrey Wright as Hill's legal counsel.
Airing weeks after FX's The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story captivated viewers with its exploration of race relations amid the trial, Confirmation has faced early drama from some of the players depicted in the movie who claim that it's anti-Republican. The Hollywood Reporter talks with Washington about those criticisms, her meetings with Hill and more.
Let's go back to the beginning of Confirmation. What drew you to Anita Hill's story?
I was 14 at the time [of the hearings], so a lot of my memories are through my parents' eyes. I remember being really struck by it because generally we were all on the same page when it came to issues that we talked about. My parents would always talk about political and social issues, and everybody was usually on the same page — whether it was about affirmative action or the right to choose, and this was one of the first moments where I could really see my parents struggling with each other because they were not on the same page. My dad felt one way about watching this African-American man have his career and reputation stripped and maligned publicly by this panel of older white men. And my mother felt equally pulled in the direction of Anita Hill and listening to this professional African-American woman talk about the challenges she faced. I was really struck by my own sense of intersectionality and the awareness of belonging to more than one community and those instances where they may at times be at odds with each other.
As an exec producer on Confirmation, what kind of involvement did Anita Hill have? How much did you talk with her? Did she read the scripts?
In the beginning, we talked to her when we were talking with a lot of people because we talked to people on both sides of the aisle. We talked to people from all different kinds of experiences: journalists, other lawyers, senators, to her. We really tried to do our due diligence and research. [Screenwriter] Susannah Grant did most of the heavy lifting in that area. But as producers, we were all involved in a lot of the interviews. At that point, I was trying to soak up as much information as I could, but I was also holding that information at arm's length. I was reading her memoirs, but I was also reading Clarence Thomas' memoir and a lot of books about the period. Part of why we were approaching it in that way was because one of our goals — and our intentions in the very beginning — was to tell as balanced a story as we could. We wanted to take these people who had become ideological, iconic symbols — like Joe Biden, Clarence Thomas, Anita Hill — and uncover the humanity for people so that they weren't just symbols. But they were complicated, three-dimensional human beings. That had to happen in the writing, in the casting and in the execution of the film. At some point in that process, I turned to my fellow producers and director and said, "Now I have to step away from this, and I have to devote myself to her 150 percent and trust you guys to hold the rest of it." At that point, I started to engage with her in a more one-on-one way in terms of helping me to develop the character.
How much did you discuss the events that weren't televised with her — how she felt in certain circumstances, whom she trusted and so on?
All of that was part of our conversation — particularly when I was working on portraying her later in the process. We talked a lot about her feelings as it was all unfolding.
Was there something from those discussions that really surprised you that helped inform your performance in Confirmation?
It's hard to say. I'm always reluctant to talk about this conversation too much because she's so guarded and with good reason. But spending time with her helps me to access her and understand her rhythm. But so did study the hearings themselves. We were so lucky that the story unfolded in a time when people were — almost for the first time — engaged in a 24-hour news cycle. There's so much footage from the hearings and the press conferences, and I studied and was really inspired by [playwright-actress and Stanford University professor] Anna Deavere Smith [who contributed an essay to Hill and Emma Coleman Jordan's Race, Gender, and Power in America collection of essays], whom I admire a great deal, and the way that she worked from real video. I used a little of her approach in terms of studying Anita from the footage that we had, again and again.
Looking back on the whole process, is there one scene that really stands out that was challenging for you?
To play somebody at the absolute most stressful, life-changing moment in their life? All of it was. It was funny, when we were talking about it, Anita Hill said, for her, it was a really intense period of days and weeks. I had to live in that space for such an extended period of time. It was really intense.
How did you approach playing her — as someone who had been wronged or as someone who was standing up for what she believed in?
After I read both [Thomas' and Hill's] memoirs and a lot of the books about the process and the culture at the time, I went back and read hers again when I started preparing the character. I really admire and respect Anna Deavere Smith, and she has a very specific way of working from raw material. She works almost like an anthropologist or sociologist in terms of interviewing people and recording them and embodying the rhythm of how people speak — so paying attention not only to what people say but how they say it. I tried to use a lot of the video that we had from the hearings and from press conferences and work from Smith's approach to get inside the rhythm of Anita.
In a larger sense, were you able to tap into anything from Scandal for Confirmation?
One of the reasons why I was really drawn to the character is because she's so different from Olivia Pope. After five seasons of playing somebody who has so much access and power — who for the most part is always the most powerful person in the room aside from Papa Pope [Joe Morton] — I was drawn to the idea of playing somebody who was in that same environment but at the opposite end of the spectrum in terms of access and power.
A few of the politicians depicted in the film have claimed that it's anti-Republican. What do you say to them?
A lot of that feedback is coming from people who haven't seen the film, so it's a typical conversation to have. When you see the film, it's very clear how much we were respecting and prioritizing the humanity of so many of the players involved and knowing that my own complicated understanding of intersectionality, in terms of gender and race, is part of why I wanted to make the movie. It's not a propaganda movie. It's a movie about complicated people in a really complex situation doing the best they could with the tools they had at the time.
We did our due diligence. Susannah was waist-deep in the research and double-checked [it]. It's one of the reasons I was happy that HBO wanted to make the film, because not only are they invested in protecting it, but they're invested in protecting the truth and making sure that people aren't having their lives inappropriately dealt with. I feel confident about the film and about our intentions in making it, but quite honestly, I understand it. When the hearings were going on, people were unhappy and frustrated, and that was then. The reasons why it hasn't become a public part of our canon of historical national conversation in the way it maybe should be is because it was a difficult thing for people to deal with, and Americans wanted to sweep it under the rug when it was over. The fact that we're going back and telling this story reignites and honors the importance of these conversations. Of course it's going to be upsetting to some people — that makes sense. It was upsetting at the time, so it would be upsetting again now.
There have been reports that Joe Biden reached out to HBO, and some adjustments were made — not based directly on his calls but as a whole. What were some of those changes?
I would feel more comfortable having that conversation with Susannah, because she would be able to have that conversation more accurately.
What do you hope viewers walk away with after watching Confirmation?
One of the most important things that comes forward in the film is the importance of our voices in this country. Anita Hill was a very reluctant hero, based on these things that I wasn't so clear about before doing research on her and how much she did not want to come forward and was put in that position because the information was leaked. But when I think about how it inspired other people to have their voices — that's moving. I love those moments in the film where Joe Biden, Clarence Thomas or Anita Hill are talking, and all of a sudden you hear the phone start to ring in the congressional offices because that is the moment of the unscripted character. That's the American people calling in for congressmen to say, "I'm not happy" or "I have an opinion about this, and I need to be heard." We're lucky to live in a representational democracy where our government's job is to represent us. We put them in office, and they're supposed to represent us. And that's one of the important reminders in the film: that they can't do their jobs unless we are showing up with our voices. Unless we are voting, making phone calls and participating in the process, our representational bodies won't know how to represent us and won't do their jobs well. We have to be part of the process.
Considering what you now know, do you think Clarence Thomas should have been confirmed to the Supreme Court?
I'm reluctant to answer those questions. There is this idea that I'm making the film for a political agenda. When I saw the Anita documentary a few years ago, I wanted to pull back the onion and know more. I wanted to know about what was happening in those rooms where the cameras weren't rolling and what was going on for Anita Hill, Joe Biden and Clarence Thomas. My passion was about uncovering the process because that's where the story was. I'm reluctant to answer those questions because this film is not about my personal politics. It's about a vital moment in our shared history as a country.
Switching gears to Scandal for a moment — Olivia has killed Andrew Nichols. Does this make her a monster? How much do you know about how this season ends? Will there be a new president?
I know nothing about where the season ends. … I don't want to say if Olivia is a monster or not because I think that word has a particular context in the Scandal world that is still being revealed to us. I always feel like my job with Olivia is to hold the face of nonjudgment, because I have to be her. I try not to judge her and have ethical judgment calls on what she does. My job is to get inside it and justify it wholeheartedly. So I'm probably the wrong person to ask.
Confirmation airs Saturday at 8 p.m. on HBO. Scandal airs Thursdays at 9 p.m. on ABC.
Apple is building a massive spaceship-like ring around a private eden dotted with apricot trees. Facebook is working on a forest-topped hanger, reportedly with a single room big enough to house 3,400 workers. Now, we have our first glimpse of what Google's envisioning for its own futuristic headquarters: A series of see-through, tent-like structures, draped in glass, whose interior workspaces can be reconfigured on a massive scale according to the company's needs.
In a new video released this morning, Google showed off an ambitious proposal for a future North Bayshore campus in Mountain View. The concept was produced by the firms of Thomas Heatherwick and Bjarke Ingels, two of architecture's fastest rising stars. Heatherwick Studio, based in the UK, was responsible for the torch at the London Olympics. The Bjarke Ingels Group, based in Denmark, is working on a trash-to-power plant in Copenhagen that will double as a ski slope.
The plan they came up with for Google is every bit as radical as one would expect. As Bjarke Ingels puts it, the structures proposed for the new campus would do away with rigid walls and roofs and instead "dissolve the building into a simple, super-transparent, ultra-light membrane." Inside, giant layers could be stacked, Lincoln Log-style, into different work environments, using a fleet of small cranes and robots. Plant life is suffused throughout the campus, indoors and out.
The proposal will undoubtedly add to the on-going, often-contentious discussion around where today's Silicon Valley giants reside—and where their employees live. Google already owns over 7 million square feet of office space in Mountain View, spread out over 80-some properties. It employs 15,000 people there. Its presence has been a tax windfall for the city of 80,000, but it's also sent residential real estate prices soaring and contributed to nasty traffic.
The video touches on this topic, if vaguely, suggesting that the campus could serve not just Google but the public, too. It's unclear what exactly that could mean at this stage, but if they're serious about it, that could mark an interesting shift. In Cupertino, Apple is building a beautiful, seamless campus, hermetically sealed to all outsiders. Google, as it has in other areas in the past, seems to see value in a more open approach.
Barbara Young wants action on the threat of diabetes
A damning report has revealed the true toll of the nation's diabetes crisis, with the number of prescriptions soaring by 50 per cent in just six years. Doctors dished out 40.6 million drug prescriptions in England and Wales in 2011/12, a 49.9 per cent, or 13.5 million items, rise on 2005/06. The net cost of diabetes drugs has also rocketed by just under 50 per cent, costing the NHS more than £760million. This was a 4.8 per cent (£35.2 million) rise on 2010/11 and a 47.9 per cent (£246.3 million) rise on 2005/06. Although the data from the report Prescribing for Diabetes in England: 2005/06 to 2011/12 includes insulin prescriptions to treat Type 1 diabetes, the dramatic rise is being blamed firmly on the soaring numbers being diagnosed with Type 2 which is linked to obesity and unhealthy lifestyles.
About 2.5 million people in England have been diagnosed and the number of people with diabetes is expected to reach 4.2 million in England by 2025 Chief executive of Diabetes UK Barbara Young
Barbara Young, chief executive of Diabetes UK, warned: “This report shows that spending on diabetes-related medicines is rising and one of the main reasons for this increase is that there are now more people with diabetes. “About 2.5 million people in England have been diagnosed with the condition and the number of people with diabetes is expected to reach 4.2 million in England by 2025. We face the real possibility of diabetes bankrupting the NHS within a generation.” The report revealed the growth in diabetes drugs is far faster and greater than for prescriptions overall, where items increased by 33 per cent and net ingredient cost rose by just under 11 per cent in the same period.
The report, which focuses on primary care, shows diabetes drugs are taking up a bigger share of both total drugs dispensed and the total net cost to the NHS each year. It also shows that while the overall cost of all drugs to the NHS fell last year by just over one per cent, the diabetes drugs bill increased by nearly five per cent. Since 2007/08 diabetes drugs have accounted for the highest cost of any of the 200 sections listed within the British National Formulary, which categorises all prescribed drugs in England by section, based on therapeutic action.
The diabetes section also saw the second highest rise in net ingredient cost of any section compared to 2010/11. Tim Straughan, chief executive of The Health and Social Care Information Centre, which carried out the report, said: “Our figures show diabetes is having a growing impact on prescribing in a very obvious way – from the amount of prescriptions dispensed to patients in primary care to the annual drugs bill costs to the NHS. “Other reports we produce, such as our National Diabetes Audit and the Quality and Outcomes Framework, also demonstrate the impact of diabetes is widespread in all areas of the health service; from pharmacy to hospital care. When all this information is considered together, it presents a full and somewhat concerning picture of the increasing impact of this condition.”
Barbara Young, added: “We need to grasp the nettle on preventing Type 2 diabetes, which accounts for around 90 per cent of diabetes cases. We need a government-funded awareness raising campaign on the risk factors and symptoms of Type 2 diabetes and we need to get much better at identifying people at high risk so they can be given the support they need to prevent the condition. “The existing NHS Health Check, which everyone between the ages of 40 and 74 should be getting, has the potential to do this but has so far been poorly implemented. It is only by improving this that we can end the steep rise in the number of people with diabetes and so begin to bring the spiralling financial cost of the condition under control.
A Berks County man who is serving a state prison sentence for setting up an ambush robbery during which a pizza delivery man was shot in the face will be staying behind bars.
The state Superior Court this week rejected Christian M. Hernandez's appeal of the 19 1/2- to 60-year jail term he is serving for the December 2010 crime in Reading.
Court records show Hernandez, now 21, gave the pizza shop his own phone number when he made the call that lured deliveryman Nelson Berrios Jr. to the ambush in the 500 block of Birch Street.
According to the state court opinion by Judge Jack A. Panella, Berrios arrived at the location, called the phone number his shop was given, and saw Hernandez, who was sitting on a nearby step, answer the call.
When Berrios took the pizza to Hernandez, another man walked up behind Berrios and put a gun to the back of Berrios' head. A second armed man then appeared as Hernandez rifled Berrios' pockets, taking $15.
Berrios didn't resist, but as he tried to take the pizza from the warming bag, he saw a flash and was shot in the chin. He fought the gunman briefly before passing out.
Later, from his hospital bed and then during Hernandez's February 2014 trial, Berrios identified Hernandez as one of his assailants. Hernandez was convicted of aggravated assault, robbery, theft, conspiracy and other charges.
On appeal, Hernandez argued that his prison term is "manifestly excessive."
In rejecting that argument and affirming Hernandez's sentence, Panella cited an opinion by county President Judge Paul Yatron, who presided at Hernandez's trial.
Yatron noted that Berrios will suffer years of pain from his gunshot wound, which miraculously did not kill him. The evidence suggests Hernandez organized the robbery, Yatron added, calling the crime "particularly senseless."
"The shooting, in particular, seems to have no basis whatsoever," since Berrios wasn't resisting, Yatron wrote. "This is an extremely egregious offense and it had terrible, terrible results."
Ladies football provincial final round-up: Staunton's 4-13 haul proves all in vain October 29, 2017
Mayo's Cora Staunton dejected.
©INPHO/Ryan Byrne. Mayo's Cora Staunton dejected.©INPHO/Ryan Byrne.
Compiled by Jackie Cahill
AUSTRALIA-bound Cora Staunton scored 4-13 and yet it still wasn't enough to secure another Connacht senior club title for holders Carnacon on Sunday.
The Mayo superstar hit the high notes in Ballyhaunis but Carnacon and Galway opponents Kilkerrin-Clonberne will have to do it all over again following a magnificent provincial decider.
Ailish Morrissey put over a leveller in the 63rd minute for Kilkerrin-Clonberne, who were Connacht champions last in 2015, as the sides finished deadlocked at 5-17 to 6-14.
In an enthralling encounter, both teams had players red-carded, as Carnacon's Claire Egan and Kilkerrin-Clonberne's Olivia Divilly were both dismissed.
Staunton's haul included three penalty goals and ten points from play, while Annette Clarke chipped in with 3-4 for Kilkerrin-Clonberne.
Fiona McHale, Michelle McGing, Doireann Hughes and Marie Corbett were stand-out performers for Carnacon, while Louise Ward, Clarke and Hannah Noone performed well for Kilkerrin-Clonberne.
A ding-dong battle produced eleven goals, five penalties, two red cards and was level 11 times.
At the break, Kilkerrin-Clonberne held a slight advantage, ahead by 4-4 to 2-9.
Clarke netted in the second half to hand Kilkerrin-Clonberne a 5-7 to 2-12 advantage but Staunton's 46th minute goal hauled Carnacon back into contention.
Clarke completed her hat-trick before Staunton netted twice down the home straight.
Morrissey had the final say to salvage a replay for Kilkerrin-Clonberne, and that's a rematch to savour, which will go ahead next weekend.
In Leinster, Dublin champions Foxrock-Cabinteely retained their provincial crown, as player of the match Amy Ring weighed in with a massive individual tally of 2-13.
Foxrock-Cabinteely led by 2-12 to 1-4 at half-time against Kildare opponents Confey, before sealing a 4-17 to 1-7 win.
On Friday evening, Cork's Mourneabbey, managed by Tipperary's All-Ireland intermediate winning boss Shane Ronayne, made it four-in-a-row in Munster.
Cork skipper Ciara O'Sullivan scored 2-3 as Mourneabbey saw off the challenge of Waterford opponents Ballymacarbry by 3-9 to 0-11.
Next weekend, Carnacon and Kilkerrin-Clonberne will do it all over again for Connacht honours, while in Ulster, All-Ireland champions Donaghmoyne tackle Tyrone's St Macartans, in a repeat of last year's provincial final.
Most Read Stories
The legal woes of Las Vegas-based copyright-trolling firm Righthaven continued Sunday when one of its creditors moved to seize its assets.
The development comes a week after the deadline passed for the former litigation factory to pay defendant Wayne Hoehn $34,000 in legal fees for successfully defending himself against a Righthaven copyright lawsuit. Righthaven had asked U.S. District Judge Philip Pro of Nevada to stay the fee award, saying it might slip into bankruptcy if forced to pay.
No stay was granted. So Hoehn's attorney, Marc Randazza, asked Judge Pro on Sunday to "authorize the U.S. Marshalls to execute Hoehn's judgment through seizure of Righthaven's bank accounts, real and personal property, and intangible intellectual property rights for levy, lien, auction or other treatment appropriate for satisfaction of Hoehn's judgment." (.pdf)
Righthaven was founded more than a year ago as a way to create revenue for news publications through copyright infringement lawsuits.
Randazza in an e-mail said the company has made "no effort whatsoever" to pay up.
Judge Pro ruled in June that Hoehn's posting of an entire Las Vegas Review-Journal article was fair use, and later ordered opposing legal fees. The Copyright Act allows for legal fees to the "prevailing party."
Steve Gibson
Steve Gibson, Righthaven's chief executive, said Righthaven will be "ultimately vindicated in all respects."
"There's a fundamental discusson that still needs to be had and I believe will be had. What are we going to do about copyright infringement?" he said.
Struggling after several courtroom setbacks, Righthaven has ceased filing new lawsuits pending resolution of the Hoehn case and others on appeal. Some of the appeals question Righthaven's legal standing to even bring lawsuits.
The lawsuit against Hoehn, one of Righthaven's roughly 275 cases, targeted the Vietnam veteran who posted all 19 paragraphs of a November editorial from the Review-Journal. Hoehn posted the article, and its headline, "Public Employee Pensions: We Can't Afford Them" on medjacksports.com to prompt discussion about the financial affairs of the nation's states. Hoehn was a user of the site, not an employee.
Gibson said it was unconceivable that using 100 percent of a story did not amount to copyright infringement. "The problem with copyright infringement on the internet is that it's a death by a thousand cuts."
Righthaven's first client, Stephens Media of Las Vegas and operator of the Review-Journal, had invested $500,000 into the Righthaven operation last year.
Righthaven's only other client, MediaNews of Denver and the publisher of the Denver Post and 50 other newspapers, is dropping Righthaven. John Paton, the media concern's chief executive, said it was "a dumb idea" for the nation's second-largest newspaper chain to sign up with Righthaven, and would be terminating relations at the end of September.
You Might Also Like:
Breaking Bad is over, and fans are left to haggle over whether Walter White indeed redeemed himself.
In many ways, the former High School chemistry teacher sold his soul for a meth empire.
Which brings us to an interesting question – how much is a soul actually worth?
Clearly, there isn't exactly a sticker price on something that may or may not exist. But we can still survey the market, given the popularity of Faustian Bargains in the corpus of Western literature.
Here's how the legendary transaction works. You've got a soul. The devil's got stuff you want.
You make the switch, and then a couple years down the road you do your best to get out of the arrangement. Sometimes it flies, sometimes it doesn't.
So by analysing some of these transactions we can get a sense of how much a human soul is worth.
Take, for instance, the song “The Devil Went Down To Georgia” by The Charlie Daniels Band.
Released in 1979, the Devil bets a fiddle of gold against Johnny's soul. Johnny accepts.
So how much is a fiddle of gold worth?
Futurama Wiki Futurama took this one on too.
Well a violin weighs about 450g and is primarily made out of spruce and maple. The density of spruce is 0.43g/cm3,and the density of maple is 0.6g/cm3.
As an estimation, we'll just average these and suppose that the average density of the material of a violin is 0.515g/cm3.
If the violin weighs 450g and has a density of 0.515g/cm3, that means that the volume of the wood of the violin is 873.8cm3.
Our hypothetical golden prize had gold in lieu of wood. So 873.8cm3 of gold weighs 16.9kg, or 543.3 troy ounces.
In 1979, gold was going for $US307.50 per troy ounce. This means that Johnny bet his soul for roughly $US167,000.
Factoring in inflation, that's about $US540,600 in 2013 dollars, and roughly 36 times as large as the median household income in Georgia in 1979.
Some serious dough.
How about some other bargains?
In “The Devil and Daniel Webster” by Stephen Vincent Benet, a man Jabez Stone sells his soul to the devil for 10 years of “prosperity.”
Had that taken place today — say, someone spends 10 years in the 95th income percentile from 2003 to 2012 — would have made a total of $US1,745,926, according to U.S. Census data.
There's also the story of blues man Robert Johnson, the musician who — according to the legend — sold his soul at the crossroads in exchange for guitar skills.
His career lasted six years, from 1932 until his death in 1938.
Given that, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labour Statistics, the median income of a working musician was $US37,380 in 2003, increasing 3% annually, the net financial gain from this hypothetical transaction would be $US241,789 for a career extending from 2003 to 2009.
In The Twilight Zone episode “Escape Clause,” a man exchanges his soul for immortality.
Sounds pretty cool since the debt would have no collection date. Needless to say, it being the Twilight Zone, things don't go as planned for our protagonist.
Anyway, “immortality” is a little difficult to put a price tag on. The best we can is use the U.S. Government's creepiest published statistic, the VSL.
Developed by the Environmental Protection Agency, the VSL — or Value of a Statistical Life — is an estimate used by the government when conducting cost-benefit analyses of new policies that could save lives.
For our purposes — since selling one's soul is perhaps the most iconic cost-benefit analysis question in literature — we'll just use the full VSL.
The current VSL is $US7.4 million in 2006 dollars, which is about $US8.6 million in 2013 dollars.
So what we've found is that the market rate for a soul — in 2013 dollars — is anywhere from $US540,000 to $US8.6 million. It's almost as if the market participants aren't rational actors.
But still, it's also worth taking a look at some extreme examples.
On the low end, take one Homer Simpson, who sold his soul to Devil Flanders for a doughnut (MSRP ~$1.00 at Dunkin' Donuts).
On the other hand, take Jesus Christ, who was allegedly offered “all the kingdoms of the world and their splendor.”
Now needless to say, poaching the soul of the guy who sources claim was the son of God would be a rather good get.
The price evaluation of that today comes down to what is meant by kingdoms. If kingdoms are interpreted as governments, the world GDP is $US71.7 trillion per year.
If kingdoms are interpreted literally, as monarchies, that number decreases a bit to a wimpy $US16.6 trillion.
If we learn anything from the finer points of contract negotiation with the devil, it's probably the latter.
So ignoring the extreme cases of $US1.00 and $US16.6 trillion, we have four examples where the soul was evaluated at $US540,600, $US1,745,926, $US241,789 and $US8,600,000 in 2013 dollars.
While the sample size is admittedly small — if only people kept better records when they sell their souls — the average here is $US2.8 million for a soul.
So if you're offered a golden instrument in exchange for your immortal soul, let's hope you play at least the cello.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
In June of 1991, while attending a real estate seminar in San Diego a father and husband, disappeared from his life and vanishing without a trace. In a report broadcast on ABC's 20/20, the man, Eric Myers, is described as having lived the American dream. Myers who was 34-years-old somehow managed to pull off the great escape.
Myers was the third of five kids born to Don and Joan Myers in a suburb just outside of Phoenix. The conservative, wealthy Myers family lived among luxury homes, picturesque golf courses and influential neighbors. He had every advantage: the best schools, the best neighborhoods and those days, the best toys. In high school, Myers was a popular class president who was also considered a class clown.
After going off to Washington State University Myers realized how much he missed a young lady from his hometown. He soon proposed to and married Anne. Their union was completed by two daughters, Erin and Kirsten. They later adopted three boys from Vietnam. While Myer's career, as a property manager in his father's booming real estate business, was taking off, he confided to one of his friends that he was in over his head.
Their family was deeply religious and even with the flawless appearance Eric's marriage was on the rocks. There was talk of divorce. Eric searched rigorously through the Bible and could not find a way out. He felt trapped but wanted to do the “Christian” thing so he stayed married.
June 25, 1991, as Eric headed to a real estate seminar in San Diego, little did his family know he wouldn't be coming back.
For almost two decades no one knew where Eric Myers was. Police in two states and a private investigator only turned up dead ends. There were some hints of foul play as authorities searched for Myers, but they all became dead ends. Eric Myers had completely vanished.
After being missing for 16 years and being declared legally dead by his family, Eric Myers decided to come back into his family's lives.
Why would a wealthy, successful real estate agent living the American dream throw it all away? “I just wanted it all to end. I wanted everything to end,” said Myers in an interview with ABC News. A healthy, successful American man with a wife and five kids just disappeared. His family found out that he checked out of his hotel on the first day of the conference but that was all. Nobody knew where he went of what happened to him. The question for this family remained; where did he go, and how could he leave his wife and children behind?
“I remember screaming that I wanted him back,” said his youngest daughter, Kirsten Myers Ruggiano. She was devastated and said she cried herself to sleep every night for weeks. Ruggiano was only 8 at the time and her sister was 10. By the age of 11 she began experimenting with alcohol and a result spent years struggling with addiction.
Myers says he was robbed on the final day of his San Diego business trip. As a result he spent the night in a seedy motel with only a few hundred dollars in his pocket. He says the next morning he woke up and in a swirling moment of emotional despair headed south, to Mexico.
He doesn't remember all of the details of his trip but he remembers crossing the border in Tijuana and buying a bus ticket to Cabo San Lucas. Cabo, with its warm sandy beaches, provided a total escape from a life which he says held a secret that would shake his religious roots to their core.
“At 6 years old, I knew I was attracted, drawn very heavily toward other people my same-sex,” said Myers.
Myers said that because he was gay, he felt forced to create a fake persona from a young age. He said that he believed having a girlfriend would help make him feel how he was “supposed” to feel. So he turned to religion and at the age of 13 became fervently evangelical.
When religion didn't work, he thought marrying Anne and starting a family would help. But it didn't, and ultimately the lie caught up with him on that business trip to San Diego, he said. He remembers thinking that at first Cabo would just be a temporary getaway.
But Myers didn't go back. Two weeks turned into four months, and without one phone call home to tell his family that he was okay, he headed to Palm Springs, California.
Myers said that while searching for a new job, he met a tourist from Canada named Sean Lung. They hit it off immediately. They soon moved in together and took trips together. Myers took on different identities and found odd jobs that didn't require an ID. Myers said that during that time he tried to avoid thinking about the life he had left behind.
In 1996, Myers was declared legally dead. His family cashed in a life insurance policy worth $800,000, and the money was placed in trusts for his two daughters.
In 2007, 16 years after Myers disappeared, cryptic email messages started to show up in the inboxes of Myers' friends and family. One email read, “Would you be curious in knowing what happened to Eric Myers?”
Sixteen years after disappearing, out of nowhere, Myers reappeared. First he connected to his mother, who was elated to see him. Myers and Lung moved in with Myers' parents and helped care for his father in the last few years of his life. As of today he has also reconnected with most of his siblings.
Myers' return has thrown his ex-wife and children into emotional turmoil. His daughter Ruggiano, now 30, has not spoken to him since his return.
When Liberty Life Insurance, the company that had paid the death benefit, learned that Eric Myers was alive, they successfully sued the Myers family for the $800,000 plus interest, and the family is now appealing. “It almost hurt more to have him come back than it did for him to go in the first place,” said Ruggiano.
Myers insists that despite the painful consequences he knows he did the right thing by returning home. “To live in a disguise is a horrible prison,” said Myers. He goes on to say, “I cannot say anything to deny that it is the most selfish thing in the world. And I will never be painted as a saint. But no one is all good, and no one is all bad.”
He managed to disappear for 16 years leaving a wife and 5 children. He returns with a new sexual orientation, new lover and will soon have the ability to legally embark on a new marriage. ABC's 20/20 described him as having lived the American dream while his ex-wife and children simply call his so-called dream a nightmare.
By: Cherese Jackson (Virginia)
Source:
This is it, thought Koichi Hayashida as he heard the ear-splitting creaks of the building as it began to wrench apart. I could die.
Hayashida, a game director at Nintendo's Tokyo development studio, had been in the middle of a presentation, explaining the Super Mario design philosophy to a group of external game developers.
Nintendo typically didn't do much outsourcing on the Mario games. But Super Mario 3D Land was on a rather tight development schedule; there was a mandate to get it on shelves for the all-important holiday season to boost the sales of the Nintendo 3DS. One of the outside teams enlisted to get it done was Brownie Brown, a Nintendo subsidiary also located in Tokyo. This was their first trip over to the Mario team's office.
Working with outsiders was a new and challenging experience for Hayashida. Nintendo's game design philosophy was second nature to his team. How was he going to get Brownie Brown on the same page? He decided to show them the first level of the last game he'd directed, Super Mario Galaxy 2, explaining why enemies and obstacles were placed just so. He tried to impart to the Brownie Brown members some of the helpful insights that Mario creator Shigeru Miyamoto had shared with him during his nearly 20 years at Nintendo, in the hopes that they'd be able to work in harmony alongside his team and get the all-important new game done.
The day was March 11, 2011. At 2:45 p.m., a 9.0 magnitude earthquake struck a few miles off the coast, the biggest tremor to ever hit Japan.
"I heard this horrible sound inside the walls, like something breaking.""We were used to getting tremors in our Tokyo office, of course," Hayashida said. But this one was different. First, they felt a quake that was bigger than usual, but not entirely out of the ordinary for Japan. But then they felt a second, even bigger, tremor.
"When the second one happened we knew it was definitely different," he said. "All of us had received training ever since we were kids in elementary school, to get under our desks whenever there is a very big earthquake. But this was so shocking that for a moment we weren't sure what to do." Eventually, some of the people in the conference room had the presence of mind to get underneath the desks, and Hayashida followed suit.
That's when he heard it, he said, "this horrible sound inside the walls, like something breaking." Hayashida, up on the fifth floor conference room, thought the building was going to come down. As it turned out, although a few light fixtures had fallen down and some of the air ducts had broken apart, Nintendo's Tokyo office was still standing. But the ordeal had just begun. A devastating tsunami and a nuclear plant meltdown were still to come.
The Brownie Brown staff members lived near their offices in Kichijoji, clear across town from Nintendo's building in Asakusabashi. But the trains had all shut down following the quake. They had to walk seven hours back home.
Nintendo's main headquarters was located in Kyoto, about three hours away by bullet train. Some of the Tokyo staff had been visiting the main branch that day, and couldn't get home for a week.As the magnitude of the damage became known and the nuclear scares worsened, Nintendo wasn't sure if it would be able to continue development in Tokyo at all.
"We were concerned about radiation and power outages, and there were lots of large aftershocks," Hayashida said. "Every time we left the house, there was this question of, are we in danger of radiation? So I didn't leave the house very much. Of course, there was nothing to do at home."
Super Mario 3D Land.
Image:Nintendo
Without his work, Hayashida didn't know what to do with himself. Away from Nintendo, he was cut off from the people he spent most of his life with. In Japan, you might work with someone for decades and never see them socially, drawing a bright-line distinction between company life and private time. Hayashida and his team had never even exchanged their private contact information.
"Normally at work we don't share our personal email addresses with our colleagues," he said, "but we realized it would be kind of scary if we didn't know how to contact each other." Hayashida risked the slight breach of etiquette and shared his email with the Super Mario team, giving them the opportunity to join in. One developer set up a web forum where they could chat.
The Tokyo office stayed closed for about a week. Around that time, Hayashida found the inspiration to keep going.
Close to his apartment, work was still progressing on a new Tokyo landmark – a tall broadcast and observation tower called Tokyo Sky Tree, which when finished would be the tallest structure in all of Japan and the second tallest in the world.
"When I heard that construction had resumed on this building immediately after the earthquake despite the fact that people had said it was really swaying a lot back and forth during the earthquake, that really had an impact on me," Hayashida said. "I realized that people were going on with their lives and their routine. And I thought to myself... maybe we could get back to work."
With the team reassembled at the Tokyo office, Hayashida addressed them after the game's producer had spoken. Construction had resumed on Sky Tree, he said. "They're building again. They're doing what they do. Doing what we do is our best possible contribution."
Hayashida encouraged his team to communicate more, to band closer together. The office was already set up so that programmers, designers and all sorts of different people sat scattered amongst each other, so that they could see each other's work and talk about it.
"Once we had the earthquake I think that we started to encourage each other... to try and work with each other in a slightly new way," he said.
Taking that idea further, the team started gathering in the common area all at once to sit and playtest Super Mario 3D Land's levels as they came together.
"It felt like playing games at our friends' house when we were kids," he said in a Game Developers Conference lecture earlier this month.
Nintendo released Super Mario 3D Land on November 3 in Japan to universal acclaim; in January it became the first 3DS game to sell over 5 million copies worldwide. The office building in Asakusabashi had largely suffered cosmetic damage, and the team is still working there today.
For some survivors of the quake, a fun videogame was just what they needed to lift their spirits.
"This game has been like a light finally shining into what has been such a depressing time," read one Japanese fan's comment, which Hayashida shared at GDC. "I feel like this game has given me the power to go on living. It's something like a miracle."
I was really surprised to see all the Melee and Brawl characters returning, I have good memories with Brawl (unfortunately not with Melee since I never owned a Gamecube) and I am so happy to play as good old Snake again, or battle him as Cloud. Soldier vs Soldier will finally be real! Also, as expected yet satisfying, I love that Breath of the Wild Link is in Smash now. And Mario's detail changes with Cappy appearing in Mario's Up B, and the purple coins.
The downsides are the Assist Trophies, now don't get me wrong, I kinda expected Waluigi to be an Assist Trophy again, despite the fact that Little Mac made it into the Roster. But then I saw Bomberman, which in my opinion is wasted potential. Bomberman could have had some martial arts moves next to his bombs, similar to that one Japan-exclusive Konami/Hudson Smash Bros. Clone ("Dream Mix TV World Fighters", fun fact: Snake was in there aswell)
But for a player who doesn't use items at all, it's ncie to see all the Assist returnign aswell, plus new ones like the Squid Sisters.
Speaking of, the Inklings are looking good so far aswell. It's good that they included the strategic obstacle of limited ink amount, it's just like Robin's Thunder Blade; you can't spam it. I'm also looking forward to those "Echo Characters" if they really gonna distance themselves from their originals and not be considered "Clones" anymore. Maybe we will see more Echo Characters in the future, but more to that later.
I was also surprised to see Ridley appearing, the cinematic was well-made, yet very predictable due to the Metroid-esque environment during that scene. Also Daisy's appearence didn't really surprise me that much.
My next point: DLC! yes, already dropping the bomb. (literally since Bomberman is not gonna be playable. hue)
But in all seriousness, It might be too early to talk DLC. We have seen like an early demo only. Maybe more characters, stages and Assist Tropies are yet to come. I expect to see some possibilities tho, not Waluigi since Nintendo already bursted that bubble, but maybe:
-Rayman, since all we got was a useless trophy of him in Smash 4. Maybe Globox or the Teensies are joining in his Final Smash, or one of them is an Assist Trophy.
-Zack Fair, like I mentioned before, I really wanna look forward to Echo Characters, and Zack could pretty much be Cloud's Echo. He's not only from the same Final Fantasy Story/Timeline (FFVII) but there is this old PS1 game called "EHRGEIZ" (it's like Tekken in 3D) and Zack was an unlockable character. His moveset tho was literally Cloud's moveset, which was probably not a big deal back then since people's expectations used to be very low, nowadays we want much more than this, oh well.
-Shadow, Shadow hasn't been revealted as an Assist Trophy yet so I still have these hopes up. Unlike Zack, Shadow should be more unique from Sonic due to his signature moves like Chaos Control, -Spear or -Blast. Also his fighting style could vary from Sonic's. Still as fast, but maybe more punches than kicks. Or other bizarre moves.
That's all I have for now. I hope to see more updates to Smash Ultiamte in the future. (which is difficult since I pretty much live under a rock, never being up-to-date and stuff)
(Reuters) - Power producer Duke Energy Corp (DUK.N) said it was looking to sell all or part of its international unit, a year after the company reviewed the business and decided to stick with it.
Duke, the largest U.S. power company by generation capacity, said it was yet to receive an offer for the unit.
The move is part of the company's attempt to reduce exposure to unregulated markets in the United States and internationally, and follows its $4.9 billion purchase of natural gas distributor Piedmont Natural Gas Co PNY.N.
Duke's international business - which spans Brazil, Argentina and Chile - had earned only half of what the company had expected through September, Duke said in its last quarterly report.
The unit accounted for about 12 percent of the company's revenue in the three months ended Sept.30.
Duke's 25 percent equity investment in Saudi Arabian National Methanol Co will not be a part of the potential transaction, the company said on Thursday.
Duke, which is expected to report fourth-quarter results later this month, cut the top end of its 2015 profit forecast in November, citing a drought and a slowing economy in Brazil.
In case you haven't noticed, Amy Schumer has spent quite a bit of time in Chicago recently, workshopping new material and playing secret shows at one of my favorite local venues, Constellation. If that sounds surprising, it really isn't: Her brother, Jason Stein, is a bass clarinetist who frequently plays there.
Last night, there was an even bigger surprise: Schumer made another appearance at the North Center spot, this time bringing New York rapper Talib Kweli as a surprise guest. During the performance, the two teamed up to perform Kanye West's "Get Em High," which originally featured Kweli and Common, from "The College Dropout." While we only have short Instagram videos of the rendition, it's clear Schumer is totally up to the task of singing lyrics once sung by Kanye's then girlfriend Sumeke Rainey. Watch the videos below so you can experience some serious fear of missing out.
You mean Talib Lyrics stick to your rib A video posted by @amyschumer on Aug 26, 2015 at 9:05am PDT
So THAT happened! @TalibKweli feat. DJ Fudge (aka @amyschumer). A video posted by Sarah Spain (@spain2323) on Aug 25, 2015 at 8:32pm PDT
@rubix wit yo boy #chicagolatenight A video posted by @kirbydominant on Aug 25, 2015 at 9:19pm PDT
[h/t Pitchfork]
jterry@redeyechicago.com, @joshhterry
For more music, click here.
[Sponsored]: Want to learn how to brew beer or make an awesome cocktail? Click here to teach yourself.
Cryptographic signatures demonstrate that Democratic National Committee Chairman Donna Brazile is wrong when she suggests the WikiLeaks emails were altered and that she did not send an email tipping off Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to debate questions.
Many email systems use a verification system called DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM) that shows whether an email has been changed. It uses a key stored on the email server that sent the email, so it can't be forged.
HillaryClinton.com uses Gmail to handle its mail and uses DKIM. Staffer Jennifer Palmieri, using her HillaryClinton.com email, replied to a Brazile email warning that Brazile was “worried” about Clinton's ability to answer a question about the death penalty, that she said would be asked at an upcoming debate. She copied Podesta — who also uses Gmail — presumably so that he could encourage Clinton to prepare for the question.
The emails were hacked from Podesta's account by WikiLeaks, but Clinton's campaign — and Brazile — have all but claimed their contents have been falsified.
But a check of the DKIM signature by the Daily Caller News Foundation against HillaryClinton.com's key shows that Palmieri did, in fact, send the exact email to Podesta that WikiLeaks says she did.
The email from Brazile had a subject line of “From time to time I get the questions in advance” and said “Here's one that worries me about HRC,” followed by the full text of a question about the death penalty.
Clinton was indeed asked the question at a debate by moderator Roland Martin.
Brazile claimed the emails were “doctored” by “Russian sources” and that she wouldn't share debate questions with candidates ahead of time. Brazile became Democratic National Committee Chairman after her predecessor, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, resigned amid accusations that she was helping Clinton over rival Sen. Bernie Sanders in the primaries.
When Fox News' Megyn Kelly asked Brazile about the impropriety of sharing debate questions in advance with candidates, Brazile claimed she was being “persecuted” by the question.
Brazile then called Daily Caller reporter Chuck Ross “so unprofessional” for asking for evidence that the email wasn't real. Unfortunately for Brazile, she does not understand DKIM.
TheDCNF ran code to confirm that the email was valid as provided by WikiLeaks — the only way it could be false is if Palmieri herself changed the body of Brazile's email before replying to it and copying Podesta.
TheDCNF downloaded the raw source of the email here: https://wikileaks.org/podesta-emails/emailid/5205
Then ran the following code in Python:
import email
import dkim data = open(‘00021071.eml','r').read()
msg = email.message_from_string(data)
obj = dkim.DKIM(data)
obj.verify()
The “True” means the email was not tampered with.
Follow Luke on Twitter. Send tips to luke@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Image copyright Mark Smith Image caption Mark Smith suffered minor injuries to his face, arms and leg
A UKIP supporter has been injured after confronting men who ripped down an election placard in his garden.
Mark Smith suffered minor injuries to his face, arms and leg when he was attacked at his house in the Kinson area of Bournemouth on Monday.
He described it as "an infringement of freedom of speech".
Dorset Police confirmed officers had been called to a report of an assault involving a group of five young men. No arrests have been made.
The men are believed to have left the scene by car before police arrived.
Image copyright Mark smith Image caption The placard had been placed in Mr Smith's front garden
Mr Smith said the 8ft (2.4m) by 4ft (1.2m) poster had been targeted earlier in the election campaign.
"I was remonstrating with them and ended up getting punched in the face and ended up on the floor," he said.
"It's an infringement of freedom of speech - it's completely out of order, they shouldn't be doing it."
Alabama Football at Auburn 2013 Iron Bowl
Fans rush the field after the No. 1 Alabama at No. 4 Auburn Iron Bowl NCAA football game on Saturday, Nov. 30, 2013, at Jordan-Hare Stadium in Auburn, Ala. Vasha Hunt/vhunt@al.com
AUBURN, Alabama -- Auburn's epic Iron Bowl win led to fans storming the field and at least one temporary resting place for the cremated remains of someone who might have once been an Auburn fan.
The remains were discovered near the 40-yard line along the Auburn sideline inside Jordan-Hare Stadium on Monday, two days after the Tigers' 34-28 victory against Alabama in the Mother of all Iron Bowls.
Auburn officials are not sure if the remains are human, but bone fragments were discovered scattered within the ashes.
"It could have been grandma or it could have been grandma's dog," said Scott McElroy, associate professor for turfgrass and weed science at Auburn University.
Auburn turf and grounds director Eric Kleypas' crew discovered the remains while cleaning and repairing Pat Dye Field, where thousands of fans celebrated a victory in the final seconds against Alabama on Saturday night. McElroy saw the remains for the first time at 11 a.m. on Monday.
Auburn officials believe this is not the first time a fan has dumped the remains of a former family member on the field.
The cremated remains were discovered following Auburn's 34-28 victory against Alabama in the Iron Bowl. Auburn officials are not sure if the remains are human. (@auburnturf/Twitter)
"It happens a lot more than you think," McElroy said. "People want their final resting place to be Jordan-Hare Stadium.
McElroy is not certain what the grounds crew did with the remains, which have since been removed from the field. Kleypas was not available for comment.
"You don't know if it's human. Hopefully it's not," McElroy said. "Hopefully it's someone's long loved pet."
Cremated remains can quickly kill the grass and contaminate the soil, so the turf and grounds crew removed the grass and two to three inches of soil at the spot Monday.
"People think this is the last resting place and I'm doing a good thing by putting out organic matter on the field, but it's actually quite detrimental to the grass," McElroy said.
Auburn officials were busy Monday cleaning the field, which was littered with thousands of orange pom-pom shakers and discolored and damaged by the fans trampling the playing area after Chris Davis' 109-yard return of a missed field lifted the Tigers to victory.
"They weren't cleaning up in anger, they were cleaning up in joy," McElroy said of the grounds crew.
Bushes along the sideline and the south end zone were damaged as fans charged the field, creating "cow trails" among the broken branches, McElroy said. Flower beds in the southeast corner were also destroyed, but that can be repaired by simply replanting the flowers.
"There was some damage but no one was badly hurt as far as I know and it was a good celebration," McElroy said.
Michigan's average gas price has remained high despite earlier
. The average price for a gallon of regular unleaded fuel is $3.99, unchanged from a week ago, according to Dearborn-based auto club AAA Michigan. That's up from $3.68 one year ago. Refinery and pipeline problems from late July caused the initial spike in prices. It typically takes longer for prices to drop back down, but the stagnation is surprising to Nancy Cain of AAA. She said she had expected some relief at the pump, but prices remain above the $4 mark in many areas. The Marquette area has the highest average price of $4.04 compared to the nine other metro areas in AAA's
. The Lansing area has the least expensive average price of $3.93 per gallon. AAA bases its report on a survey of 2,800 Michigan gas stations. Today's price report is based on the last credit card transaction at each station on Sunday. The national average is $3.70 per gallon, up 8 cents from last week and 10 cents higher than one year ago. Michigan has the fourth-highest gas price in the nation. Hawaii has the highest average price at $4.17 per gallon, while Arizona has the lowest price at $3.37 per gallon. The lowest price reported on
this morning was $3.58 at Kroger in Monroe County's Lambertville. The highest price on the site this morning was $4.51 at a station in Copper Harbor. The website reports user-submitted data on gas prices at specific stations.
Email Melissa Anders at manders@mlive.com. Follow her on Twitter: @MelissaDAnders.
About 59% of all U.S. homes now take a subscription VOD service from a source such as Netflix, Amazon or Hulu, up from 47% in 2014, according to a new study – Emerging Video Services X -- from Leichtman Research Group.
LRG found that SVOD has become a core viewing component among non-pay TV homes – about 70% of those non-subs with a TV take an SVOD service, compared to 57% of homes that take a pay TV service.
LRG, which based its findings on a survey of 1,209 U.S. adults 18 years and older, said 47% of SVOD homes subscribe to more than one service.
About 49% of adults stream an SVOD service at least monthly, up from 41% in 2014, while 73% of people 18-35 stream an SVOD service at least once a month. That drops to 53% for the 35-54 age-group, and 24% among people 55 years and older.
Among other tidbits, 19% of respondents who get Netflix agree that their subscription is shared with others outside the home, and 41% of adults watch video on a non-TV device (PC, smartphone, tablet, etc.) daily, and 62% weekly. That's up from 27% daily and 53% weekly in LRG's study from three years ago.
““SVOD services are in the majority of US households, and along with video to non-TV devices, have become core components in allowing pay-TV non-subscribers to cobble together a variety of viewing options,” said Bruce Leichtman, president and principal analyst for LRG, in a statement.
The bodies of a Canadian couple have been found at a hotel in Mexico's Mayan Riviera, a spokesman for the Foreign Affairs Department in Ottawa confirms to CBC News.
"Canadian consular officials in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, are in contact with local authorities to gather additional information and are providing consular assistance to the family and friends," François Lasalle wrote in an email.
The bodies of Charles and Dorothy MacKenzie were found Monday in a whirlpool at the hotel. (Edgar Olivares/Por Esto)
The couple have been identified as Charles MacKenzie and his wife, Dorothy, of Baddeck, N.S. They were in Mexico to attend their daughter's wedding, which was due to take place Thursday, a family friend told CBC News. The bodies were found on Monday.
The Associated Press, quoting an official in the prosecutors' office, said the couple was found dead at the Playacar Palace Hotel near the resort city of Playa Del Carmen. The official, who is not authorized to be quoted by name, said the couple was found dead in a whirlpool spa.
The AP quoted the official as saying there were no signs of violence and that autopsies indicated the man died of a heart attack and the woman died of asphyxia by submersion.
An aerial view of the hotel. (Google Earth)
She said the deaths appeared to be accidental and linked, suggesting the man's heart attack may have somehow caused the woman to drown.
A spokesman for the hotel told the Canadian Press the deaths are still under investigation.
David Rubeo dismissed earlier media reports that suggested the couple had been electrocuted in the hot tub of their room.
"The room was perfectly fine. All the equipment was working perfectly," he told The Canadian Press. "What the family mentioned was a heart attack."
Rubeo said the couple's family was still staying at the hotel and was being assisted by hotel staff.
"We are treating them as our own family," he said, noting that staff were helping the Canadians deal with local authorities.
"All the group is very calm, in the best way they can be."
Piers Morgan has just made one of the most lucrative offers to Scotland to buy their allegiance to the Union Jack. He has assured the Scotts that if they vote a resounding NO to the idea of an independent Scotland, he will pack his bags and head straight to America.
While the Scotts burst into collective laughter at the ludicrous concept that a second royal baby would persuade them to stick with the Union, the former Daily Mirror editor gave them a serious offer to consider. Piers Morgan has assured Scotland that they will not have to suffer the indignity of living on the same island as him if they vote “No” to Scottish Independence.
“Dear People of Scotland, if you vote NO, I promise to go straight back to America. #indyref”
null
Piers Morgan hasn't reacted harshly to the comments by media mogul Rupert Murdoch who said the television personality was “once talented, now safe to ignore.” Instead, social media lifted Piers on its shoulders.
Amidst the intense debate, Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond pledged not to bring back another referendum if Scotland votes this week to remain in the UK, describing the poll as a “once in a generation” opportunity.
Both sides are quite apprehensive, and feel the vote could go either way. However, in response to the question of whether or not a narrow victory for the Union would simply result in another referendum being called “in a few years' time,” Mr. Salmond strongly disagreed, telling BBC News reporter Andrew Marr that Thursday's vote may be “perhaps even a once in a lifetime opportunity for Scotland.”
Better Together leader Alistair Darling, who was on the show too, seconded the notion, saying “there is no way back” from a vote for independence. He shared that he always felt “this race would go to the wire,” and added that large number of voters have “yet to make their minds up because it's that critical.” Numerous polls haven't been able to indicate any majority so far, but Scotland is still positive.
The fight for Scotland's independence is perhaps one of the biggest in history to take place in a peaceful manner. Whether the Scotts receive their independence may be decided as soon as this Thursday. However, Scotland still has time to ponder Piers Morgan's “once in a lifetime” offer.
[Image Credit |The Black Sphere]
Head Coach Mike Petke. (photo: New York Red Bulls)
It goes without saying that the New York Red Bulls struggle to find attention in the crowded realm of NYC sports. They lack the championship pedigree of the Yankees or the Giants, the sizzle of the Knicks or the Nets, or even the constant comedy of the Mets and the Jets. But Thursday's announcement that Mike Petke has been named the club's 12th head coach gives the team out in Harrison a unique reason you should care; they are gambling on loyalty.
In his 13-year career as an MLS defender, Mike Petke never became a household name, but he became a legend to NY area fans for his grit, determination, and passion. His trajectory makes him one of just a few players who spanned both the MetroStars and New York Red Bulls eras. His seven combined years in New York left him holding records for game played, starts, minutes played, yellow cards, and yes, even red cards.
Arguably, Petke became the face of the club—more than Juan Pablo Angel, more than Thierry Henry, more than Tim Howard. Petke may have played for Colorado and (ugh) DC United, but he always identified with the club in NYC.
"Ever since I joined New York in 1998, this is the club that has always been closest to my heart. I am thrilled to have earned this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. It is truly a dream come true," Petke said in a team statement. He is unequivocally loved by team supporters - Tim Hall from the Empire Supporters Club explained why in 2011:
"Petke's a local boy, and we always love that. He's always the first one to turn and applaud the fans at the end of the game, and that is international currency with soccer fans the world over. When the team needed a rallying symbol for the playoffs, Petke's blonde hair turned red. When the team needed to send a message after Tampa Bay's Mamadou Diallo assaulted Metrostars goalkeeper Mike Ammann, it was Petke who wrote “August 16: Crime of the Century/Revenge is Coming” on his shirt, then gave himself a reason to reveal it to the world by scoring one of his five goals during his New York career. We, the fans, loved that, and him, so much that we took up a collection to pay Mike's fine from the league. And when the team needed to send a representative to Madison Square Garden to speak for the Metrostars after the 9/11 tragedy, of course it was the boy from Long Island."
Petke's retirement lead him to RBNY's front office, where he happily served as an assistant coach under Hans Backe. His appointment to interim head coach after Backe's firing was widely regarded as a stop gap measure as all rumors that followed indicated it would be business as usual. The club appeared to be chasing various European head coaches that were, to be generous, not top talent.
But over those two months of searching for a coach, the landscape changed. Those European coaches, rumored time and time again to be "imminent,” failed to reach deals. Reports started appearing in the soccer media that some of the executives responsible for finding the coach wanted someone with MLS experience. And Petke quietly began to shine—showing his strength at working with the team, connecting with supporters, helping to scout player acquisitions, speaking to the media, and bossing both the SuperDraft and the Supplemental Draft.
Today's announcement was a surprise, but not solely because Petke was named. Even Thursday morning, reports were that European candidates were still in the mix. Sporting Director Andy Roxburgh spoke on a conference call today as to why Petke was the right man for the job:
"Mike has been on the radar as part of the selection process more or less after the first few weeks that I got to New York. I worked with him on the pitch for two weeks when the players were in training, and from that moment on I was really impressed by Mikey. He's charismatic, he's well organized, he gets the respect of the player. And of course, very very important in all of this, is that Mike is very experienced in terms of the MLS. If you brought a coach in from Europe, he might be experienced in Europe, but he would be totally inexperienced here in the US. Mike starts with that enormous advantage - he knows everybody, he knows the league, and he's absolutely passionate about the club."
For a club that has so often deferred to foreign expertise to lead the team - Petke is only the third American head coach in club history - Roxburgh's acknowledgement that knowing and understanding the league is important is a change that cannot be ignored.
The signs of a change in thinking didn't stop there. Asked about the european reputation the club has developed, Roxburgh spoke strongly that this needed to be New York's team: "New York can't be a satellite club for Europe. It's a club that's based in New York and New Jersey. It needs to have its own roots."
In an off season that has been full of good moves, Roxburgh's comments spoke the loudest that new the upper management at Red Bull may finally "get it".
Make no mistake that this appointment is a risk. (Roxburgh slyly referred to the coming year as "an interesting adventure".) There's no avoiding the fact that Petke has not coached the senior team before. He will need a strong team of assistants, and announcements for those should be coming in the following days. Petke's transition from "one of the guys" to "the boss" may hit bumps, as many have wondered if Petke can deal with the sometimes cruel drive that Thierry Henry possesses. And Petke's obvious love of the club is a double-edge sword—like a surgeon operating on their own kid, what happens if it all goes south?
The stakes for the 2013 season are high. For Petke, his legacy is on the line; a poor season would mean he's let down the club and the supporters that have full trust in him. For the higher ups like Roxburgh and Gerard Houllier, a poorly justified coaching change down the road could bring on a supporter revolt the likes of which MLS has never seen. And there is the upside: if Petke and Roxburgh can lead the team to their first trophy in franchise history, the big gamble will pay off huge.
So for those who have tuned out the team because of "the brand", those who can't feel a connection to a club that is part of a larger entity, here's your olive branch; Roxburgh knows this club needs to have the local connection. For those that can't find anything to get excited about with US soccer, here's your storyline. For those who grew tired with the team's European fascination, here's a new American flavor. And for those who only care about sports to rubberneck at the drama, there will almost certainly be some of that too. (Not that this team has ever lacked drama.)
The boy from Long Island is in charge of one of the largest soccer clubs in the US. Whatever happens in 2013, it will be worth watching.
Jeremy Garelick ('The Break-Up') will serve as showrunner on the eight-episode series.
Netflix is looking to explore the time between middle and high school.
The streaming giant has handed out a straight-to-series order for a comedy titled Best Worst Weekend Ever.
Created and executive produced by Robin Stein (Step by Step) and frequent collaborator Dan Franklin, the eight-episode limited series follows four friends as they make the most of their last weekend before high school. A comic convention has come to their town, and they will do whatever it takes to be part of the magic. But after a wild party, a lost dog and a destroyed house, their friendship is put to the test.
Jeremy Garelick (The Break-Up, The Wedding Ringer) will serve as showrunner and exec produce alongside Dan Cross and Dave Hoge (The Thundermans, Pair of Kings). MarVista Entertainment's Fernando Szew, Robyn Snyder and Michael McGahey will exec produce.
Best Worst Weekend Ever marks the latest youth-skewing series to score a Netflix green light as the streaming giant continues to compete in the space alongside such networks as MTV and Freeform, among others.
The pickup for Best Worst Weekend Ever caps a busy week for Netflix, which canceled Naomi Watts drama Gypsy after one season; renewed Jenji Kohan's GLOW for a second; ordered a drama from the creators of Fauda; picked up a talk show hosted by David Letterman; and acquired comic book publisher Millarworld.
Garelick is repped by UTA.
My longtime friendly correspondent Peter Stevens, a solid conservative who is an attorney and former executive aide to three Republican U.S. House members from California, writes me this note, which is worth reprinting (with his permission) in its entirety:
Greetings, Quin, from Reagan Country!
Just a quick note to inform you of a down-ballot, statewide, conservative candidate in California who may overcome the liberal tide and gain office on a platform of lower business taxes plus efficient, streamlined, and modernized government.
He is 47-year-old Pete Peterson (www.petesos.com); he heads the Davenport Institute for Public Engagement and Civic Leadership, a Pepperdine University think tank specializing in assisting local governments with transparency and technology; and he is running as a Republican for Secretary of State, which oversees elections, maintains related information databases, and registers in-state businesses.
In the California open primary system, where the top two candidates advance to the General Election regardless of party, Peterson obtained 29.7% of the June primary vote behind term-limited Democrat State Senator Alex Padilla's 30.2%. A September statewide Field Poll of likely voters, with a sampling error of +/– 4.8%, showed Padilla at 43%, Peterson at 36%, and 21% undecided – clearly the best opportunity for the GOP statewide. Though 52% of those polled were unable to form an opinion of Peterson, this will change for the better now that nine-out-of-ten of the largest newspapers in the state have given him their editorial page endorsement – including the San Francisco Chronicle and Los Angeles Times.
Peterson campaigns on reducing the annual LLC fee from an outrageous $800 (with the next highest similar fee being in the low $300 range in Delaware) to $100, making the state web site for business registration user-friendly, allocating the annual LLC fee to Secretary of State operations rather than allowing the statewide general fund to siphon it, upgrading election technology (using available federal funds that have heretofore been eschewed) in each of the 58 counties, and crafting a statewide voter database to effectuate accuracy and accountability.
Peterson has pledged to run for re-election as Secretary of State in four years if elected in November. His goal is to revamp one of the worst run departments in the state rather than initiate a political career. His opponent will make no such pledge, and openly talks about his interest in representing California in the United States Senate.
Peterson – who is bright, engaging, and down-to-earth – told supporters in Pasadena last week that he is far more qualified for and dedicated to the office than his opponent. Competence and commitment are allowing a conservative to compete in the bluest of states. The Gipper would be proud!
This article is over 2 years old
UN ambassador calls Trump's proposal to dialogue with the North Korean leader ‘a kind of propaganda … just a gesture for the presidential election'
A senior North Korean official has dismissed Donald Trump's proposal to meet the North Korean leader, Kim Jong-un, as a “kind of propaganda or advertisement” in the election race.
Last week, Trump said he would be willing to talk to the North Korean leader to try to stop Pyongyang's nuclear program, proposing a major shift in US policy toward the isolated nation.
At last a good idea from Donald Trump: dialogue with North Korea | Aidan Foster-Carter Read more
“It is up to the decision of my Supreme Leader whether he decides to meet or not, but I think his [Trump's] idea or talk is nonsense,” So Se-pyong, North Korea's ambassador to the United Nations in Geneva, told Reuters on Monday.
“It's for utilisation of the presidential election, that's all. A kind of propaganda or advertisement,” he added. “This is useless, just a gesture for the presidential election.”
North Korea conducted a fourth nuclear test in January and launched a long-range rocket in February, triggering tougher international sanctions.
So, who is also North Korea's ambassador to the UN-backed Conference on Disarmament, reiterated that his country was prepared to return to stalled six-party talks on its nuclear program. China and Russia backed the idea, but the US and its allies South Korea and Japan reject it, he said.
“As a responsible nuclear state … we never use them first,” So said. “If the United States use their nuclear weapons first, then we have to use also that one.”
But he added: “As a responsible nuclear state, we keep and observe the obligations of non-proliferation of nuclear technology.”
The punditocracy assembled yesterday, as they do every Sunday, to yelp their yin-yang talking points that pass, these days, for wisdom. Mostly they want to talk about whom, a year and a half from now, might be chosen as the new captain of the Titanic — Hillary or anti-Hillary? Then, like the proverbial elephant terrorized by a mouse, they vent about the latest pimply-faced adolescent who, dreaming of celebrity and inspired by an ISIS website, takes the first giant step toward jihad: gets in touch with an FBI informant for his very own ACME bomb-making kit. Then before the pundits rest, they make their fervent nominations for our next war.
There are lots of candidates: resume Afghanistan, Iraq II, bomb-bomb-bomb-Iran, Russia Redux. But an emerging favorite is China. It seems a deliciously terrifying prospect — the world's number one economy, most populous country, reinventing the Silk Road, dethroning the dollar as the world's currency of choice, extending its hegemony over the South China Sea by building a sand castle. What a worthy opponent, bent on taking over the world. Truly, this could be our next good war.
One exhilarated panelist this weekend burst out: “We are already in a virtual state of war with China.” It was, he insisted, the Most Important Thing in the World.
The thing is, if you are determined to pick a fight with someone who is on life support, you must be quick. To believe that China is going to survive another decade, let alone rise to world domination, you must ignore the following stories, all published in the past few weeks:
China is running out of water. Its own environment ministry classifies 60% of its underground water and one third of its surface water as so polluted it is “unfit for human contact.” That does not mean “Don't drink it.” It means “Don't touch it.”
Its own environment ministry classifies 60% of its underground water and one third of its surface water as so polluted it is “unfit for human contact.” That does not mean “Don't drink it.” It means “Don't touch it.” Air pollution in China kills half a million people a year . 90% of China's 161 major cities failed to meet the national standard for clean air in 2014. Just breathing, in most major cities, is equivalent to smoking three packs of cigarettes a day. Lung cancer fatalities have quintupled in 30 years.
. 90% of China's 161 major cities failed to meet the national standard for clean air in 2014. Just breathing, in most major cities, is equivalent to smoking three packs of cigarettes a day. Lung cancer fatalities have quintupled in 30 years. China's population is increasingly old and sick . Half the population is estimated to be pre-diabetic. 115 million people have diabetes, 225 million suffer from mental illness, 160 million have high blood pressure. By 2040, China is expected to have more people suffering from Alzheimer's Disease than the rest of the world combined. The costs of these afflictions to the Chinese economy is already astronomical, and growing fast.
. Half the population is estimated to be pre-diabetic. 115 million people have diabetes, 225 million suffer from mental illness, 160 million have high blood pressure. By 2040, China is expected to have more people suffering from Alzheimer's Disease than the rest of the world combined. The costs of these afflictions to the Chinese economy is already astronomical, and growing fast. China is running short of productive land . Pollution of soil from factory smokestacks, and from excessive fertilizer and pesticide application, is endangering China's ability to feed itself.
. Pollution of soil from factory smokestacks, and from excessive fertilizer and pesticide application, is endangering China's ability to feed itself. China's faltering economy is constraining government budgets and fostering instability. Now, talking about war is a time-honored way of getting your restive people to settle down and salute the flag. But actually going to war, when you're short of money, your people are brandishing pitchforks at you, and you're dependent on the rest of the world for coal and food? Not recommended.
What is it that Chairman Mao said of the West, all those years ago? “In appearance it is very powerful but in reality it is nothing to be afraid of; it is a paper tiger. Outwardly a tiger, it is made of paper, unable to withstand the wind and the rain.”
Daily Headlines PLAN TO CUT SENTENCES FOR NONVIOLENT OFFENDERS COULD SAVE TAXPAYERS MILLIONS (Source:Greenville News)
More News Select a State See Map Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia FEDERAL Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Check State Laws
Share This Article
South Carolina
-------
State taxpayers spend millions each year to lock up prisoners for probation violations, driving under suspension and other nonviolent offenses -- and the costs are expected to swell by hundreds of millions if nothing is done.
Prison admissions have grown 26 percent in a decade with a large chunk coming not from murderers, rapists and other violent criminals but lower-level offenders.
Forty-nine percent of the state's inmates are imprisoned for nonviolent offenses, mostly drug and property crimes. Forty-four percent of new inmates have sentences of less than 18 months.
[Read More] Share This Article
Pubdate: Mon, 22 Feb 2010
Source: Greenville News (SC)
Copyright: 2010 The Greenville News
Contact: letters@greenvillenews.com
Website: http://greenvillenews.com/
Details: http://www.mapinc.org/media/877
Author: Paul Alongi, Staff writer
This is the first of a multi-part series.
In the early 1920s, African American LGBTs were integrated to Bronzeville's mainstream culture and accommodated by its inhabitants, religious figures and political leaders, much unlike their white counterparts who had already created their own "gay" enclave of "Towertown" on the North Side.
From State Street to Cottage Grove Avenue, along 43rd and 47th Street, Bronzeville's commercialized and jazz-influenced urban culture offered African American gays and lesbians several venues where homosexuals and heterosexuals interacted across the color line ( the Plantation Café, the Pleasure Inn, the Cabin Inn, Club DeLisa and Joe's Deluxe ) , yearly popular Halloween "Drag Balls" popularized by Black gay hustler Alfred Finnie, semi-safe locations ( the Wabash YMCA, Washington Park, Jackson Park ) , and a "vice district" which facilitated prostitution.
Bronzeville's most powerful inhabitants ( Reverend Clarence Cobbs ) and its most famous musicians ( Tony Jackson, Rudy Richardson, Sippie Wallace, Frankie "Half-Pint" Jaxon, and George Hannah ) were homosexuals. Joe Hughes, owner of a popular gay-friendly bar, was elected honorary mayor of Bronzeville in 1940. Journalist Theodore Jones regularly hired drag queen Valda Gray's troupe of female impersonators for parties given for Bronzeville's upper class. On the streets, working-class African American queers were also accepted. Lorenzo Banyard, a drag entertainer, remembers riding streetcars to the West Side, dressed in drag, without incident.
Bronzeville's queer population grew rapidly during the Great Migration. Like the millions of African Americans who left the poverty and racism in the South, Black queers traveled to urban centers to find better-paying jobs, but also to take advantage of the opportunities for same-sex encounters.
Blues pianist Antony ( Tony ) Jackson was one of the many queer migrants who decided to leave their native South to take advantage of Chicago's freedom. Born in New Orleans in 1876, Jackson spent his youth in the saloons, gambling halls, and brothels of the Black neighborhood of Storyville.
In search of a place more receptive to his music and sexual orientation, the musician migrated to Chicago in 1908. Blues singer Jelly Roll Morton, a friend of the pianist, claimed that Jackson had migrated to Chicago because "he happened to be one of those gentlemen that a lot of people call [ … ] lady or sissy." According to Morton, Jackson "liked his freedom in Chicago," freedom that included the ability to work full time in Bronzeville's most renowned cabarets, theaters, and cafés, as well as the possibility of encounters with men of similar sexual orientation.
But Jackson participated in an already rich queer culture. Visible queer individualsfemale impersonators, effeminate men, and masculine womenwere also amongst the neighborhood's most popular artists and entertainers. Female impersonators, for example, enjoyed great popularity due to the drag balls organized every Halloween and New Year's Eve.
The nation's first drag balls took place during the last decades of the nineteenth century and from their inception their appeal transcended racial lines. The first Chicago balls were also racially integrated, a fact frequently remarked upon by those who attended or wrote about them. University of Chicago sociology student Myles Vollmer observed: "Physically, all types are there. Homosexuals thin and wasted, others slender and with womanish curves, others overfed and lustfully fat. Most of the younger homosexuals have pallid complexions with rather thin hair, due, perhaps, to overindulgence. There is a preponderance of Jews and the Latin nationalities, although homosexuality is no respecter of races. Many of the men are of Polish blood and Negroes mingle freely with whites. There seemingly is no race distinction between them."
Chicago's Black newspapers often commented on queers' presence on the Stroll, the main commercial artery of Bronzeville.
The Chicago Whip was a specialist on the topic. The column "Nosey Sees All Knows All," written under the pen name "Nosey," often discussed the lives of Bronzeville's queers. In November 1919, Nosey, who was "out on Halloween Eve," had seen "the mother of six children," who "had on a pair of men's trousers, face covered with powder, with hair cut just like a man."
In a November 1920 article, The Chicago Whip asked, "Have We Had a Sex Problem Here?" The article told the story of Sherman Robinson, resident of 3521 S. Wabash Avenue, the "plaintiff in one of Chicago's most unusual divorce cases." According to the reporter, the couple had "been living happily until September 1916, when Ida [ Robinson's wife ] had left [ him ] for a woman she had previously met in Paducah, Kentucky."
Black queers took advantage of the freedom of expression they found in South Side's cabarets, epicenters of non-normative sexual practices such as interracial relations, prostitution and queer relations. The music played in these cabarets reveals the open-mindedness that characterized the South Side during this era. Blues audiences heard the terms "sissy" or "bulldagger," in the Blues singers' lyrics, which spoke of the mutability of sexual desire. Gladys Bentley sang, "If you can't bring a woman, bring me a sissy man." Gertrude "Ma" Rainey explained in a song she wrote entitled "Prove it on me Blues" that she could "wear a shirt and tie," and that she could "talk to the ladies like a man." The "sissies" and lesbians mentioned in Blues songs were never ridiculed for their behavior.
Gay dances and masquerades were regular events of Chicago's Black queer culture. Drag balls, popular on the South Side, were held in the neighborhood every Halloween and New Year's Eve, which enabled them to pass for conventional costume parties.
The most famous of these drag balls were the Finnie's ball, the first of which occurred in 1935 and was organized by an African American queer street hustler and gambler named Alfred Finnie, in the basement of a tavern on the corner of 38th Street and Michigan Avenue. Guests of the ball paid 25 cents to attend. The balls later became staples of the South Side Black queer culture and attracted hundreds of Chicagoans who came to applaud drag entertainers. Professional drag queens were respected because of their well-paying jobs, which often enabled them to provide for their families' needs.
At the end of the 1930s, the South Side's most popular queer cabarets were the Club De Lisa and the Cabin Inn. Club DeLisa, the high point of Bronzeville's nightlife, was a favorite haunt of the 1930s most famous jazz musicians. The club could welcome up to 500 people, who came to see jazz and blues musicians such as Chippie Hill, Tommy Powell and the De-Ho Boy, and Albert Ammons and his Rhythm Kings. Rudy Richardson, a queer pianist and singer, brought a sizeable queer audience.
Nat "Big" Ivy had opened the Cabin Inn to attract working-class Blacks. Female impersonator Valda Gray, the show's producer, familiarized Bronzeville's clubs with drag performances, leading a troupe of drag queens; "Joanne Crawford," "Jean LeRue," "Nina McKinney," "Nancy Kelly," and "Dixie Lee" presented a show every night.
At the time, the practice of having sex with an effeminate man and the identity of being homosexual were not linked. As a result, some men shifted rather freely between sexual relations with women and with men. Others viewed sexual relations between people of the same gender as an acceptable alternative to heterosexual relations. If they had the active role in the sexual relation and acted masculine in other contexts, these men reinforced their status as men with these relations.
Black newspapers and blues recordings appear to have emphasized these concepts, suggesting that sex with female impersonators and effeminate men did not pose a threat to masculinity. For example, when a man stated in the Inner State Tattle Newspaper that women had disappointed him, the reporter commented that this man could "be popular at the next Faggot's Ball."
Another example is the lyrics of Thomas Dorsey's "Sissy Blues" in which the singer claims, "Now all the people ask me why I'm all alone/A sissy shook that thing and took my man from home," which suggested that leaving one's wife for a female impersonator was as acceptable as leaving for another woman.
Bronzeville's sexual discourses were rooted in the neighborhood's cultural, social, and economic realities, which were often isolated from the rest of the city. Because of the expanding bar culture, Bronzeville's queers became an essential part of the neighborhood's development, which explained their integration and acceptance.
These queers were however not regulated by a specific "gay" identity. Cabarets, newspapers, drag queens, and prostitutes participated in the creation of diverse and plural identity discourses. South Side queer identities were divided, divisive and multiple. Rather than queer or sexual identities, racial, cultural, gender, and class identities played a much greater role in guiding Bronzeville's sexual discourse.
Tristan Cabello is the Andrew W. Mellon Postdoctoral Fellow in African-American Studies at Bowdoin College and is currently completing his first book "Queer Bronzeville: Race, Sexuality and Urban Boundaries in Black Chicago, 1900-1985." His exhibit "Queer Bronzeville" is available on the website www.outhistory.org .
CaptionThe Chicago Whip often commented on homosexuals' presence in the Stroll, the main street of Bronzeville. The column "Nosey Sees All Knows All," written under the pen name "Nosey," often discussed the lives of Bronzeville's homosexuals. Images provided by Tristan Cabello
Sen. Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) had a blunt message for House Republicans on Friday.
The Reid-led Senate passed a bill that would institute a short-term measure to keep the government funded, while stripping the House's provision to defund Obamacare. With a 54-44 party-line vote in hand, Reid said the House needed to "accept what we just passed," while adding some choice words on Obamacare being untouchable.
“Here's a president, who less than a year ago, won the election by five million votes, five million votes," Reid said. "Obamacare has been the law for four years. Why don't they get a life and talk about something else? People deserve better."
Hours after Reid spoke, President Barack Obama echoed his sentiments, accusing Republicans of "political grandstanding." He also vowed that a repeal of the Affordable Care Act is "not gonna happen."
“Any Republican in Congress who's currently watching, I'd encourage you to think about who you're hurting," Obama said.
Finland's Oltermanni cheese was dumped on the Finnish market after Russia banned food imports from the European Union in 2014. Russia is expected to extend the food embargo through 2017, with some exceptions, including a new exception for meat and vegetables used to make baby food. Photo by Ville Saavouri/Wikimedia/Flickr
MOSCOW, June 1 (UPI) -- Russia is extending its ban on imports of food from the EU and other countries through the end of 2017, with exceptions for meat and vegetables for baby food.
The embargo, restricting imports of most food from the European Union, the United States, Canada, Australia and Norway, was instituted in 2014 in response to economic sanctions placed on Russia for its military and political involvement in Ukraine. In 2015 Russian president Vladimir Putin extended the embargo through Aug. 5, 2016 and added four more countries to the list: Albania, Montenegro, Iceland and Liechtenstein. The government is preparing documents for another extension, and will deliver them to Putin, the state-owned Tass news agency said Tuesday.
An exception was announced Wednesday for meat and vegetables used to make baby food, Tass reported.
"The embargo is currently effective until the end of August. I think these documents will be approved unless some miraculous changes occur in the geopolitics," Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich said.
RELATED Russia expects economic growth in a year
While the United States exports little food to Russia, some European Union countries had a significant trade relationship with Russia prior to the embargo. A major dairy in one such country, Finland, announced the closing of a milk-processing facility because of losses caused in part by the lack of access to the Russian market. The Valio dairy company said it would close its Tampere, Finland, operations.
"The milk market remains extremely difficult; Russia continues its trade sanctions against the EU. Due to global milk overproduction and weak global demand, prices for milk products are at a very low level. The removal of EU milk quotas has worsened the situation," a Valio statement said.
After the embargo began in 2014, Valio sold its "Oltermanni" cheese, popular in Russia, for half its regular price in Finland because of oversupply. Customers nicknamed it "Putin cheese" because of the large price discount.
The Latest on President Donald Trump's travel ban (all times local):
7 p.m.
Travelers from eight countries will face restrictions on entry to the U.S, ranging from a total ban to more targeted restrictions, under a new proclamation signed by President Donald Trump Sunday.
The new rules, which will impact the citizens of Chad, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Somalia, Syria, Venezuela and Yemen, will go into effect on October 18. Officials stressed that valid visas would not be revoked as a result of the proclamation.
Some countries will face full bans. Others are more tailored, such as restrictions impacting Venezuela, which will only apply to certain government officials and their families
Trump's controversial ban on visitors from six Muslim-majority countries expires Sundays, 90 days after it went into effect.
___
3 a.m.
President Donald Trump is expected to announce new restrictions on travel to the United States as his ban on visitors from six Muslim-majority countries expires on Sunday, 90 days after it went into effect.
The Department of Homeland Security has recommended the president go ahead with more targeted restrictions on foreign nationals from countries that the agency says refuse to share sufficient information with the U.S. or haven't taken necessary security precautions.
That could range from a complete ban to more stringent screening measures for citizens of countries that haven't complied with new U.S. benchmarks.
Officials haven't said which countries or how many the new measures might affect.
Image caption Craig Bellamy has been bailed pending further inquiries
Wales and Cardiff City striker Craig Bellamy has been arrested by police investigating an alleged assault in Cardiff city centre.
The incident happened in Caroline Street in the early hours of Sunday morning.
South Wales Police said two men, aged 20 and 26, sustained facial injuries which did not require hospital treatment at the time.
Mr Bellamy, 31, has been bailed pending further inquiries.
Cardiff City FC said it would be inappropriate to comment but the striker, who is on loan with the Bluebirds from Premier League high-flyers Manchester City, would be in the squad for the Championship game at Norwich City on Saturday.
The former Liverpool and Celtic player was not involved in Cardiff's FA Cup third-round tie at Stoke last Saturday.
Police have not named Mr Bellamy but in a statement confirmed a 31-year-old man had been arrested.
FC Dallas and Portland Timbers played to a 1-1 draw on Saturday night at FC Dallas Stadium in front of 12,203 people. Once again, Dallas jumped out to an early lead as Blas Perez tapped home a rebound off a Bryan Leyva blast in the 22nd minute. The home team generally held the run of possession in the first half, with better chances, but Schellas Hyndman decided to pull off Leyva just before halftime in a curious move that brought in George John to center back, moving Hernan Pertuz to left back and Jair Benitez to right midfield.
In the second half, the Timbers equalized in the 51st minute as Darlington Nagbe pounced on a Daniel Hernandez error that put the forward in on goal and he made no mistake sliding the ball under Kevin Hartman to level things. From there, the Timbers looked the more likely side to grab the winner with Kris Boyd hitting the post, but the goal never game and the teams shared a point that neither side will be too disappointed with.
A few snap judgements after the jump and post-game quotes from FC Dallas and Portland Timbers players and coaches
Before you read these, let me mention that I will watch the match again tomorrow and probably post some more thoughts, these are just a few things floating around in my head.
The Leyva substitution I think this is pretty much all everyone is going to be talking about this week. Bryan Leyva was handed a shock place in the starting lineup for this one and overall had a nice game. He did what he does which is provided a ton of punch and uncertainty to defenses going forward, while not quite doing enough work on the defensive end. Hyndman chose to sub Leyva out for George John just seconds before halftime, curiously, and I thought it was not necessarily the right move.
While I don't really have a problem with Schellas taking him out at halftime, due to the fact that you're protecting a lead and that's not really what Leyva does, to substitute one player out and move three guys around the pitch as he did with Benitez, Pertuz & John, is basically saying you don't think your team can score another goal. Substituting Wiedeman in would have provided more possession and balance at right midfield while not disrupting the team shape and chemistry too much. If you think you need the size of George John back there then simply do a straight swap for Pertuz. Jair Benitez was having a fantastic game at left back and moving him to right midfield was basically mortgaging what seemed to be a budding partnership between him and Carlos Rodriguez who had no chemistry with Pertuz.
In short, it's not the substitution of Leyva that I have a problem with, it's disrupting the entire team chemistry to move one guy off of the field. Dallas was not the same after he came out, not necessarily because Leyva was that great, but because the team was playing a starting XI that they've probably not done the entire pre-season once the Mexican came out.
When did Schellas start coaching scared? I think Schellas Hyndman is a very very good coach. He has assembled a starting XI that can compete with the rest of the league and has improved the team depth vastly in the off-season. That being said, he has coached these first two games scared. Once FCD got the lead, every sub and in-game tactical move has been defensive. Did Schellas think one goal would be enough tonight and Dallas should close up shop with 45 minutes left? I'm only curious because this is the opposite of the way Hyndman has coached in all his time in Dallas.
I will give the caveat that his hand was very forced tonight with the absences, but to use just one substitution for fear that fresh legs could disrupt things and lose the point they had is scared coaching to me. Dallas had Andrew Wiedeman that would've provided much more offensive spark than Jair Benitez while Bobby Warshaw could've covered much more ground late in the game than Daniel Hernandez. Dallas should never so obviously play for a draw at home, no matter the opponent or scenario.
A ton of positives Now that I got all that out of my system, let me say that four points at home from the first two games is absolutely an acceptable total, especially given the absences. When Shea, Castillo and Ferreira return(two of them could be back as soon as next week), it's going to open up space for everyone and this thing will get going very well. The three guys that started today, Villar, Rodriguez and Leyva, will be the substitutes when everyone is healthy which means you have guys coming off the bench that can make a real impact. For Dallas right now, it's about managing these next two games in KC & DC, trying to nab a few points, and returning back to Big D with everyone healthy and ready to go. We got a glimpse of this team at nearly full speed in Orlando and the time will come where everyone is finally on the pitch together.
Very encouraged by the crowd I have to admit, I was worried at about 6:30 it would be a pretty small crowd tonight, but once everyone got settled into their seats I thought it was a very nice crowd. The number of 12,203 is obviously not where you want it to be compared to what some teams are doing, but when you consider that is almost 1,200(10%) higher than the second home game last season(played the weekend after the home opener), it's a number to be very happy about. I also thought the crowd was very into the game and when you put the stars on the pitch of Brek Shea, Fabian Castillo and David Ferreira, the place is really going to get hopping.
Now to watch the game again tomorrow...
Quote Sheet Provided by FC Dallas
FC Dallas Head Coach Schellas Hyndman
General thoughts on the game…
I felt we started off well, thought the first 20-25 minutes we did a lot of things right. Ricardo was getting a lot of touches on the ball. At halftime we talked about how Portland would try to add a little more steam and play rough. It was a good result for us considering we were without three of our most important attacking phase players: Fabian Castillo, Brek Shea and David Ferreira. I was really pleased with the effort the boys put in. I was very happy we fought all the way to the last second.
Thoughts on midfielder Bryan Leyva…
He's a Homegrown player. He has been with us three years and this is the first time he played any minutes. We all felt like he did a very good job, but we may not be able to dodge that bullet if we did not get George John on the field.
Thoughts on the second half…
I just think we are very thin right now. I didn't want to put a player late in the game and have him try and get into the rhythm of the game. That is why we only used one substitution.
FC Dallas midfielder Bryan Leyva
On his first start…
I felt great. I was happy and excited to get the start. It's something we all look forward to and I was ready and focused. It wasn't expected. I was in the training room getting treatment and coach came up to me and said to be ready and that I was going to start.
On the shot that led to Blas' goal...
I was running forward and I saw Carlos [Rodriguez] was going to cross it early. Since the field was wet, I knew there was a chance the ball might slip and come back to the second post. I was able to get there. I shot it first time across and really thought it was going to go in because the field was wet and it was bouncing. Fortunately, the keeper saved it towards Blas [Perez] and he put it away.
FC Dallas midfielder Andrew Jacobson
General thoughts on the game…
It was a tough game. They are a much-improved team, especially on the road. They have a lot of athleticism. They know what they do well and they come in and do it. They make things difficult. I don't think we had our best game. We played a little bit into them and started playing their game a little bit, but we were missing some big players and we needed other guys to step up. There's a lot to take away from that for sure. Guys worked really hard. Everyone gave their all and no matter what happens, that's something that will drive you throughout the season because you're not going to play well every game.
On the team's defensive effort...
Even when we make adjustments, guys just have a really good understanding of what we're doing defensively. Everyone did a good job defensively.
FC Dallas Goalkeeper Kevin Hartman
On battling against the wind…
We were playing against the wind the entire time. We were trying to clear it, trying to get more possession-oriented and they continued to step up. They have some big guys in the back, so anything that we were knocking long, they were able to win those balls. They have some ridiculous athleticism in the midfield. They were picking up a ton of second balls and they continued to come at us. We battled. We had a couple of opportunities there. They probably had more of the opportunities in the second half and I hate to blame it all on the wind, but certainly, we had more of the opportunities in the first half. So, probably that had a bit to do with the wind as well.
Portland Timbers Head Coach, John Spencer
General thoughts on the game…
We dominated for a long period of time in the second half. The difference between the first half and the second half was that we started to believe in ourselves. We started to play a little more up tempo, but then I also think our guys got a little fatigued at the end.
Thoughts on the season so far…
It has been a good start to the season. We played two quality teams and if our guys believe in themselves as much as me and my coaches do, we'll make it two playoffs.
Portland goalkeeper Tony Perkins
General thoughts on the match…
The last 15 minutes of the first half we really started getting possession and momentum for us. We had a lot of chances on goal and maybe on a better day it goes our way. The second half with the wind at our back, especially with that kind of wind, it helps. You are able to get out of your own half with a long ball.
On playing against FC Dallas…
We knew they were going to come right at us and we wanted to turn it right back around and take it back at them. Obviously, we didn't do that at the beginning, but we weathered the storm pretty well at some times at other times we did not.
On the difference between the team last season and in 2012…
There is a big maturity level increase this year as compared to last year. Last year we had almost the same start. They come flying at us and we walk into the half you know not even having touched the ball really. If they are pressing and pressing you don't want to play the ball right back to a guy who's been running for the last 15 minutes. It's just taking the wind out of the play putting your foot on the ball and getting it up.
Portland midfielder Darlington Nagbe
General thoughts on the game…
Everyone came out with a lot of energy. It's as simple as that. The first half we didn't has as much energy. When we play with energy we play well as a team. We had more energy the second half. Guys were buzzing around a little bit more after the first 30 minutes. We just came out there with more energy with them and we controlled the game.
On the goal…
I just saw the ball go up while I was dropping back. Once it hit the other team I knew I was onsides, so then I just tried to finish. I was in the right place at the right time. It was nothing special. There was no one in front of me it was just me and the goalie.
On team this year…
Guys are more mature. Before we even came on the road, guys are playing more together. We are a better team this year.
Portland midfielder Eric Alexander
On the team this year…
The focus is a little higher [than last year] as well as our belief in each other. We have a talented group of guys who can get it done on the road. There are still better games to come.
On the season so far…
We took four points from teams that made the playoffs last year, so we're pretty happy. It would have been nice to win. It's a good result for being on the road.
John Gibbins Family Photo of Richard Richi Knight from 2012 prom. Family Photo of Richard Richi Knight from 2012 prom. (John Gibbins)
A video was played in a courtroom Monday morning in which several of Richi Knight's friends and family members talked about what made him special: his personality, his willingness to mentor others, his talent on the basketball court.
But when his mother spoke, she chose not to focus her words on the 19-year-old son she'd lost nearly two years ago. Instead, Tamika Brown directed her comments to the young man who fatally stabbed her eldest child.
And she seemed to forgive him.
“I'm about Jesus Christ, the giver and sustainer of life,” Brown said to Ian Lorne Ellis, who was 17 when he was arrested about a week after the stabbing in Linda Vista. He was charged as an adult in San Diego Superior Court and later pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter.
He was sentenced Monday to 21 years in prison.
Brown told the defendant that her son Richard “Richi” Knight III laid in a hospital for five days after the stabbing on April 25, 2013. But she believed God had a plan long before that day, even if it was one she didn't fully understand.
“The journey is just beginning...,” she told the defendant, who fidgeted in his seat and lifted his head from time to time to look in the mother's direction. “You have an opportunity to change your life and choose what's right. Only God knows why I'm not angry and why I don't hate you.”
And then she sang.
“So you think that you can't make it through, just remember my God cares for you. Don't give up; don't give in. Today, make Jesus Christ your No. 1 friend.”
A mother sings a song of forgiveness at the sentencing for the man who killed her teenage son. A mother sings a song of forgiveness at the sentencing for the man who killed her teenage son. SEE MORE VIDEOS
It was a moment that underscored many of the sentiments expressed by others who came to court to talk about Knight, who had been a standout basketball player at Kearny High School before he graduated. In March, the team he once played for dedicated its season to him, after winning its first title since 1979.
Authorities have described the stabbing during a fight outside Linda Vista Recreational Center as gang-related, but some who knew Knight — including his basketball coach and U-T San Diego sports writer Mark Zeigler — said he was no gang member.
Ellis' case went to trial, but a jury deadlocked 11 to 1 in favor of finding him guilty of first- or second-degree murder. He pleaded guilty in October to manslaughter and admitted a gang allegation.
John Gibbins Ian Ellis in court with his public defender, Neil Besseas, as Ellis is sentenced in the 2013 stabbing murder of Kearny High School basketball star Richard "Richi" Knight. Ian Ellis in court with his public defender, Neil Besseas, as Ellis is sentenced in the 2013 stabbing murder of Kearny High School basketball star Richard "Richi" Knight. (John Gibbins)
Richard Williams, 19, told the judge during the sentencing hearing that Knight was his mentor, a person who motivated him and taught him to play basketball. He said he has struggle to fend off feelings of anger since he learned of his friend's death via Facebook.
“I know that the God I serve would want me to forgive,” said Williams, now a college student. “and that's what I do.”
Pastor Terrell Fletcher of City of Hope International Church in Lincoln Park said Knight was a talented young person who was trying to feel his way through life, and was on an upward trajectory when his life was taken.
“I realize today that change is possible,” he said to Ellis. “This is not the end of your story. (Richi's) legacy will keep going. We want you to make your parents proud.”
“Thank you,” Ellis' father said from his seat in the rear of the courtroom. After the hearing, he and the defendant's mother expressed their condolences for the loss suffered by the victim's family. Ellis' mother said her son never intended to kill.
Judge Eugenia Eyherabide was clearly moved by the statements made in court. She took a long pause before thanking the speakers for coming to the hearing, and said she didn't think she would see a sentencing like it again.
“I hope someday you really, truly appreciate all these wonderful people coming in here and telling you what they told you today,” the judge said.
Eyherabide told Ellis she hoped he would use his story after he finishes his time in prison to discourage others from gang activity.
“Do that for Richi. Do that for yourself,” the judge said. “You owe that to him and you owe that to your family at least.”
Sony is still considering a sequel to the 2014 RoboCop reboot, according to Den of Geek.
SEE ALSO: Exclusive video interview with RoboCop star Gary Oldman
The website's source said that, although the RoboCop sequel is not a high priority for Sony, the project is not a closed one at the studio and they are welcoming pitches for a follow-up to José Padilha's take on the 1987 classic.
RoboCop starred Joel Kinnaman (Suicide Squad) as the critically injured police officer who is chosen to be the guinea pig for a new program to create a cyborg law enforcer.
SEE ALSO: Watch RoboCop's ‘Honest Trailer'
The film also starred Gary Oldman, Michael Keaton and Samuel L. Jackson.
RoboCop was a modest success at the box office, scooping $242m worldwide against a budget in the region of $100m.
Google has become an increasingly active participant in the world of education, particularly when it comes to exploring the role technology can play in re-imagining the way we learn. With Google Play for Education, Android and Play-powered Samsung tablets for the classroom and its work with MOOCs and online courseware, the company is expanding its presence both in traditional academic spaces classroom and outside.
Google's educational experiments continued today, beginning with the launch of its first MOOC-style course, now open to the public, on how to interpret and understand online data. The second experiment, quietly announced on Google's Open Source Blog, was the launch of Oppia, a project that aims “to make it easy for anyone to create online interactive activities” that others can learn from.
The motivation behind Oppia, Google explained in its announcement, stems from the fact that, while a growing amount of educational content is now delivered via video and SMS, much of it remains static and asynchronous. Or, said another way, digitizing a lecture or presentation isn't enough; there is still plenty of room for improvement when it comes to the way these tools create opportunities for interactivity, dialogue and feedback.
Google's new open source project essentially aims to take the headache or mystery out of the process by providing the framework by which anyone can quickly create these types of interactive learning experiences and add them to their site. But, beyond that, Oppia also has potentially interesting implications for teachers, and not necessarily in a way that reduces their concern of one day being replaced by a robotic or holographic, AI version of themselves.
In other words, Oppia works to improve the interactivity of the learning process by assuming the role of a mentor or teacher who asks questions of the learner. Then, based on how the learner responds to those questions, the teacher decides how to proceed, which questions to ask, how to give feedback and so on. In describing Oppia, Google says that one can think of it as a “smart feedback system,” which is an attempt to begin automating how we “teach a person to fish” — to use its example.
The system gathers data on the ways learners interact with whoever is guiding the exploration, and the content they provide, and shares it with authors to make it easy for them to fix problems with their lesson. Authors might log in to Oppia to find an answer that learners are providing to a question but which the system isn't correctly or adequately responding to, for example.
The “teachers” can then “create a new learning path” for the question, basing their feedback on how they would respond to the question were they actually interacting with the person in real life. Oppia then provides the feedback to any future learner responding to the question. The project also allows teachers to accept responses to their lessons in numeric, text and multiple choice formats, and offer clickable maps and code evaluators, for example.
On the technical side, Google says that it's based Oppia on an extensible framework, allowing developers to add their own inputs and extend the range of potential formats and types of responses that Oppia understands. Explorations, as Google calls the lessons users can build through its system, that are created on an Oppia server can be embedded in any web page, and embeddings can “refer to a particular version” of the exploration so that future changes don't mess with the principle version, the company explained.
In addition, users can also collaborate on creation and editing of explorations, with version control, and the system allows parameters to be associated with a learner, which aim to enable teachers to create deeper interactive experiences. Oh, and Oppia has a built-in responsive UI for mobile devices, as well, as The Next Web points out.
As with many Google projects of this kind, it's not totally clear how much attention and support Google intends to throw at Oppia going forward. The project's home page conspicuously says that Oppia is not officially a Google product, which would seem to imply that Google isn't planning to dedicate a ton of manpower or resources to the project. Instead, the company is likely hoping that developers will assume ownership of Oppia and that the community will take over maintenance.
Nonetheless, it's still a neat tool and it should be interesting to see what becomes of Oppia in the coming months. While it is, of course, intended to be a learning tool, Oppia could potentially be applied across in a wide range of use cases, enabling a sort of expanded, extensible FAQ or feedback system for products, companies, teachers and more.
More on Oppia at home here and in Google's YouTube explainer below:
Are Humans Predisposed to Violence
Are humans predisposed to violence? This has been a topic of debate amongst psychologists, criminologists and other scholars for quite some time now, but has become an even bigger controversial topic with the technological developments of PET scans and geneticist developments. Despite the fact that science has been able to show a plausible correlation between various genes and brain functions that may contribute to a human's nature of violence; the controversial argument still remains split between those who believe and those who do not. However, if there is a connection between humans being predisposed to violence, then how can this be determined and what type of psychological factors apply to support or dispute the individual being predisposed to violence.
Background Information
For decades therapists and other researchers have devoted time and study into what causes individuals to be violent (Elson & Rowell, 2013). The evolution of this topic began as a look into ones violent tendencies and the how early researchers focused their theories based on physically characteristics and social status. However, with the advent of technology, geneticists and social observations, the study of humans being predisposed to violence has shifted to a more recent technological study (Elson & Rowell, 2013)
Aggressive Behavior and Genes
Genes and their plausible correlation associated with humans being predisposed to violence is considered a “hot topic” because of the recent advancements and developments with genes that are believed to cause violent tendencies (Girgorenko et al., 2010). One of the recent advancements has been the concept of heritability and familiarity that contain definitions of a certain phenotype that is believed to be associated with aggressive antisocial behavior (Girgorenko et al., 2010). This meta-analysis phenotype also argues the fact that not only can aggressive behavior be displayed, but also criminal delinquency and other criminal complexes as well (Girgorenko et al., 2010).
An argument to the theory of genes and if they impact certain criminal behavior is the challenge that has become evident as to how to target if the gene is an actual specific risk and if the correlation between analyzing different genes, that are thought to be attributed to violence and antisocial behavior is undoubtable a genetic risk and social factor (Girgorenko et al., 2010). Another argument to the relevancy of genes and their suspected correlation to humans being violent is that the majority of tests that have been conducted have been on test subjects that were exposed to “violent or nonviolent media by a random assignment” (Elson & Ferguson, 2013).
Brain Abnormalities in the Criminal Justice System
Criminologists and psychologists have been exploring the criminal patterns and researching if there is a correlation between individuals who commit crimes and if the reason behind these crimes is due to a brain abnormality. Some argue that certain criminal justice policies need to break through their past norms and conform to a more scientific approach when it comes to brain abnormalities and brain science (Admire & Mitchell, 2010). This notion has been argued due to the recent advancements of PET scans which explore blood flow in the brain and gauges the metabolism rates in different areas of the brain (Admire & Mitchell, 2010).
The criminal justice angle of the plausibility of humans being predisposed to violence bases a strong emphasizes on brain injuries and how brain injuries have the ability to alter a person's behavior, or personality depending on the severity of the injury (Admire & Mitchell, 2010). The criminal justice theory also explores how various learning disabilities, and other impulses can impact an individual's brain to where certain areas of the brain can cause an individual to have troubled judgment and predispose them to violent tendencies (Admire & Mitchell, 2010). However, due to the ethical and public policy that has been established through attrition in the court systems, this concept poses difficult reform, because of the traditional court proceedings that are already in place, as well as, the multitude of tax dollars that go into the justice system (Admire & Mitchell, 2010). There is also the concept of safety and if millions of tax dollars are being established into this system, then the public as well as law enforcement policies need to make the public feel they are safe and that the current system is effective (Admire & Mitchell, 2010).
Imaging and PET Scans
There have been a large amount of test and research proposals that have attempted to prove or disprove if individuals are predisposed to violence. However, few structural brain studies have been conducted that address anti-social personality disorder (Dolan, 2010). In Psychiatrist Dolan Mairead's (2010) research he conducted brain imagining on individuals and discovered the individuals with anti-social personality disorder had on average a 20% smaller frontal lobe than the control test subjects (Dolan, 2010). The reason why this is significant is because of the frontal lobe being attributed to compulsive control and Dolan believing that if an individual contains a smaller frontal lobe, then they me be predisposed to aggressive behavior due to a lack of the individuals being able to control their impulsive behavior (Dolan, 2010).
The use of PET scans in regards to viewing the different metabolic rates in the frontal lobe have also played a significant role, especially from defense attorneys who argue by means of different expert witnesses who attempt to explain that when a PET scan shows unusual activity in the frontal lobe, then the scanned individual may be unable to control their impulsive behavior (DeBenedictis, 1990). Though some may argue that some psychologists and researchers believing this theory, the legal system has not fully established this concept as credible, due to some arguing there is no exact way to determine exactly what portion of the brain controls exact human behavior (DeBenedictis, 1990).
Discussion on if Humans Predisposed to Violence
When it comes to the different theories associated with individuals being predisposed to violence, certain aspects may be plausible and some may be reaching. Psychologists and researchers attempt to reach for unreasonable social influences they deem plausible to cause a predisposed theory of violence. An example of this is how video games have become a major topic of concern and have led numerous researchers to believe that individuals who play video games are predisposed to violence simply by what video games they play. Though some video games may be considered displeasing, more neurological aspects go into one being predisposed to violence, rather than the video games they choose to play.
As brain imaging technology continues to advance some neuro-researches believe there is a higher probability of discovering a specific trait, or abnormality that may play a factor in determining an individual's propensity for violence, but that nothing will ever be concrete. With the continuance and advancements of neuro-research, other significant discoveries will be made in regards to neuro repair from stroke and other brain injuries that may be now considered permanent. University College of the London Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience Department researchers Desmond, Pascual-Leone, and Walsh (2006) state there are currently many positive breakthroughs in brain scanning that target certain “brain manipulating techniques that are being developed that can repair previously “compromised components of neural circuits.” Many researchers argue that these breakthroughs in neuro scanning technology are paramount to finding plausibility if individuals are predisposed or not predisposed to violence.
References
Admire, D., & Mitchell, A. (2010). Brain Abnormalities in the Criminal Justice System: Uniting Public Policy and Scientific Knowledge. International Journal Of Interdisciplinary Social Sciences, 5(2), 343-355.
DeBenedictis, D. J. (1990). Criminal Minds: PET scans used to prove accused killers' brain abnormalities. ABA Journal, (1). 30.
Desmond, J. E., Pascual-Leone, A., & Walsh, V. (2006). Manipulating brains. Behavioural Neurology, 17(3/4), 131-134.
Dolan, M. C. (2010). What imaging tells us about violence in anti-social men. Criminal Behaviour & Mental Health, 20(3), 199-214. doi:10.1002/cbm.771
Elson, M., & Ferguson, C. J. (2013). Twenty-Five Years of Research on Violence in Digital Games and Aggression: Empirical Evidence, Perspectives, and a Debate Gone Astray. European Psychologist, 19(1), doi:10.1027/1016-9040/a000147
Grigorenko, E. L., DeYoung, C. G., Eastman, M., Getchell, M., Haeffel, G. J., Klinteberg, B., & … Yrigollen, C. M. (2010). Aggressive behavior, related conduct problems, and variation in genes affecting dopamine turnover. Aggressive Behavior, 36(3), 158-176. doi:10.1002/ab.20339
Nazis and Communists Throw Their Support Behind Occupy Wall Street Movements (Updated)
Wow. Just wow.
The American Nazi Party likes what it sees.
Today the American Nazi Party released a statement in support of Occupy Wall Street movement.
The foremost authority on National Socialism in America has this to say about “Occupy” [ANP leader Rocky Suhayda -ed.] : What is really MISSING – is the “MOVEMENT” from these popular protests – its time to pull WN heads out of their collective ass's, and JOIN IN the attack on Judeo-Capitalism. What do you suggest? That WN Working Class White people DEFEND the Judeo-Capitalists? IF the “movement” wasn't so PATHETIC it would be OUT THERE – LEADING these protests! The fact that its these “lefties” as you call them, who are picking up the ball and running with it – only shows how much more in tune THEY are with the fed up masses of White Workers, than the fossilized, reactionary “right-wing”. WHO holds the WEALTH and POWER in this country – the JUDEO-CAPITALISTS. WHO is therefore the #1 ENEMY who makes all this filth happens – the JUDEO-CAPITALISTS. WHO therefore do WN need to FIGHT? My heart is right there with these people, perhaps someday the “movement” will SHOW the same COURAGE and DEDICATION that these people OUT THERE FIGHTING are SHOWING! Sincerely, ROCKY SUHAYDA Hail Victory! 88!
Then there's this…
The Communist Party USA also supports the Obama-endorsed Occupy Wall Street Protests.
From the CPUSA website:
This is an exciting time! Thousands of mainly young people have been occupying Wall Street for three weeks already, and the “Occupy Movement” has spread to more than 200 other cities. On Oct. 6 the actions spread to our nation's capital. The Communist Party USA (CPUSA) will hold a national teleconference to discuss it: Arturo Cambron
The Communist Party and the Occupy L.A. Movement
Tuesday, October 11, 8 pm Eastern
Teleconference number: 605-475-4850 (please note this is the corrected number. ignore previous.)
Access code: 1053538# Southern California Party leader Arturo Cambron will share how the CPUSA and Young Communist League (YCL) are working in “Occupy Los Angeles.” This movement, also known as the “99% movement,” is being hailed across the country. Movements and organizations are reaching out in solidarity. The AFL-CIO is opening union halls and offering other material assistance. Ordinary people are donating food, money and materials. In many areas, the “Occupy Movement” is linking up with the National American Wants to Work Week of Actions, Oct. 10-16. No doubt the “Arab Spring” demonstrations and those that exploded in Wisconsin, Ohio and elsewhere have inspired it. But underlying it all is the economic crisis, the massive unemployment and growing realization that nothing is getting better, and in fact we may be slipping into a “double dip” crisis. The crushing student debt and the feeling of being locked out of society with no future compound this. The movement is the newest wrinkle in the all-people's upsurge against the banks and corporations and reflects a new level of class-consciousness.
UPDATE: Thousands of Occupy Chicago protesters cheered the communist leaders last night in Chicago.
Apple is using the immense amount of data that it has collected from its 150 million iTunes accounts to help its iAd advertisers target their pitches to users of iOS 4 devices.
"Apple knows what you've downloaded, how much time you spend interacting with applications and knows even what you've downloaded, don't like and deleted,” iCrossing head mobile marketeer Rachel Pasqua is reported to have said on Apple's iAd data leveraging here.
Demographic data is pure gold to advertisers attempting to target their offerings to receptive audiences. If you, for example, have downloaded a Dora the Explorer game, odds are you have children in your household; if you've installed a Bloomberg stock tracker onto your iPhone, there's an even chance that you might be flush enough to be a target for a Nissan Leaf iAd pitch.
Apple won't be sharing your individual, personal data, according to Bloomberg. Instead, Apple will make available "buckets" of applications to advertisers, with those selections based on users' purchase histories. We can imagine, for example, that purchasers of multiple fart apps — 701 and counting — might be offered tickets to Jackass 3-D when it's released this October, while those inducements might be withheld from iTunes accounts whose music purchases are heavily weighted with offerings from Deutsche Grammophon.
As Google has proven, there's plenty of good money to be made in online advertising, and mobile ads are fast-growing segment. Apple's iAd platform is its attempt to carve a hefty chunk out of that market, which marketing firm eMarketer projects will grow to $1.56bn by 2013.
Apple is aggressively promoting its iAd platform to both advertisers and developers. When chief executive Steve Jobs detailed the platform on June 7 at the announcement of the iPhone 4, he said that its core value was "To help our developers earn money so they continue to create free and low-cost apps". Perhaps — there's a good argument to be made that the more "free and low-cost apps" that are available for Cupertino's mobile devices, the more those devices will continue to leap off the shelves of Apple's retail store.
Also, when Jobs introduced the iAd platform back in April when he unveiled what was then called iPhone OS 4.0, he said that Apple had "no plans to become a worldwide ad agency". At that time, however, he also noted that his goal was to have one billion ad impressions per day by the end of the year — which sounds rather like a worldwide ad agency to this observer.
Apple hosts and sells iAd ads, and provides 60 per cent of the take to the developers of the apps that host them. As Jobs told his audience of devs on June 7: "All you have to do is tell us where to put them, and then make money." Forty per cent of that money, will, however, stay in Cupertino.
As Apple has said, its iTunes App Store isn't a money-maker, but instead a break-even proposition designed to entice developers. How close to break-even the iAds platform will be, however, remains to be seen.
And there's still a legal thicket that Jobs & Co must negotiate before they can confidently project future iAd earnings. The US Federal Trade Commission, for example, is reportedly considering a possible investigation of Apple's restrictions on developers sharing statistical or demographic information with advertising-service providers other than Apple.
Referring to the change in Apple's Developer Program License Agreement that instituted these restrictions, Google's head mobile-advertising honcho Omar Hamoui, the founder and CEO of AdMob, which Google swallowed last November, blogged: "Let's be clear. This change is not in the best interests of users or developers."
iAds may have launched last Thursday, but it's not yet clear whether Cupertino will be able to keep its devs on the reservation — those license-agreement restrictions may run afoul of the FTC. What is clear, however, is that if you've ever made a purchase from the iTunes music or apps stores, your personal buying history now resides in one of those aforementioned "buckets". ®
A newly discovered star $10 Federal Reserve Note, Series 1928A, is part of an expansive Platinum Night session of Heritage Auctions' Central States Signature auction in April.
The auction was still in the planning stages as the April issue of banknote Reporter was going to press.
The currently unique Dallas district FRN star, Fr. 2001-K*, is estimated at $12,000 to $17,500 in PMG Very Fine 30.
The sale is slated for April 26-May 2 at the Renaissance Schaumburg Convention Center Hotel, 1551 N. Thoreau Drive, Schaumburg, Ill.
Other featured lots include:
• 1863 $20 Interest Bearing Note, Fr. 197a, PMG Very Fine 25;
• 1875 $10 The First National Gold Bank of Oakland, Calif., charter 2248, Fr. 1151, PCGS Good 6;
• 1875 $20 The First National Gold Bank of Santa Barbara, Calif., charter 2104, Fr. 1159a, PCGS Very Good 8;
• 1872 $10 The National Gold Bank of D.O. Mills & Co, Sacramento, Calif. charter 2014, Fr. 1144, PCGS Fine 12;
• 1874 $50 The Farmers National Gold Bank of San Jose, Calif., charter 2158, Fr. 1161, PCGS Very Fine 20;
• 1880 $10 Silver Certificate, Fr. 288, PMG Choice Uncirculated 63;
• 1886 $20 Silver Certificate, Fr. 315, PMG Very Fine 25;
• 1918 $500 Federal Reserve Note, Fr. 1132-J, PCGS Choice About New 55;
• 1918 $1,000 Federal Reserve Note, Fr. 1133, PMG About Uncirculated 55;
• 1922 $1,000 Gold Certificate, Fr. 1220, PMG Very Fine 30;
• 1928B $2 Legal Tender Note star, Fr. 1503*, PMG Very Fine 25;
• 1928 $100 Gold Certificate star, Fr. 2405*, PMG Choice Uncirculated 63;
• 1928 $1,000 Gold Certificate, Fr. 2408, PCGS Gem New 65 PPQ;
• 1928C $1 Silver Certificate star, Fr. 1603*, PMG Superb Gem Unc 67;
• 1928D $1 Silver Certificate star, Fr. 1604*, PMG Gem Uncirculated EPQ;
• 1928E $1 Silver Certificate star, Fr. 1605*, PMG Gem Uncirculated 65 EPQ;
• 1933 $10 Silver Certificate serial A00000666A, Fr. 1700, PMG Choice Uncirculated 63 EPQ;
• 1934 $10 Silver Certificate star, Fr. 1701* mismatched serial Nos. 00000055/00000051A, PMG Choice About Unc 58.
For additional information, visit www.HA.com.
This article was originally printed in banknote Reporter. >> Subscribe today.
More Collecting Resources
• The Standard Catalog of United States Paper Money is the only annual guide that provides complete coverage of U.S. currency with today's market prices.
• Download The Metal Mania Seminar with David Harper to learn more about the metals market.
This review is spoiler free! Skip To The Verdict? »
Have you always longed to see Oliver Queen dressed like He-Man?
I know I haven't. And if you have, then I honestly don't want to know your other hidden desires. Not that I'm judging, mind you.
In any case, you could be forgiven in thinking, from first glance, that the main character in Warlord is Green Arrow forced back in time – to the days when sword wielding warriors were the super-heroes.
Thankfully, this isn't the basic plot of Showcase Presents: Warlord at all. In fact, the story is set in near modern times, in an odd little corner of the DCU.
We shall take a dizzying journey back to when a dozen eggs were only $0.62, way back to 1969.
It is a year that stands out in peoples' minds for numerous reasons – the most obvious two being the Moon landing and the first ever Woodstock.
However, just a month before the landing and 2 months before the festival, on the 16th June, Lt. Colonel Travis Morgan USAF is in the middle of a dangerous flight over the USSR.
All is not well. Our latent hero in waiting has been detected by those pesky Ruskies and has Soviet missiles on his tail. Somehow, he manages to come out of it with just a fuel tank malfunction and takes a 2000mph glider over “enemy” territory.
Morgan has no choice but to try and make it to an emergency support base in Alaska, via the North Pole. Once he spots land he ditches out of the plane and parachutes to the safety of the freezing cold Yukon.
Breaking through the mist and the clouds he finds himself instead in a tropical jungle of epic proportions. It's a safe bet that this isn't the Yukon he's landed in.
It gets even stranger:
– It was past 6pm, yet the sun is at high noon, in the middle of the sky.
– The sun is also somewhat larger than it has ever been before.
– The horizon is gone. Instead, the jungle just curves upwards into the distance, until it is out of sight in the mist.
“If this is Canada, Joe Namath wears Pantyhose,” our central character remarks. But where exactly is he?
After a quick fight with a dinosaur, he meets some locals and the mystery is solved. The answer is quite simple.
He is inside the Earth, where a ball of flaming gas acts as a sun that never sets. This land is called Skartaris.
A bizarre concept, but one that people have thought to be true in days gone by. It does lead to some quirky plot opportunities to come later in the volume.
The most interesting one is the sheer inability to effectively measure time when there is no night. In fact, the concept of time is played with, fast and loose. One example of this coming into play is that Morgan's “quick nap” is long enough to grow a full length beard, which, along with some new duds, completes his He-Arrow/Green-Man (take your pick) appearance.
And those strange events are just the start. In fact, all that happens in the first 15 or so pages!
Mike Grell writes and illustrates everything contained in Showcase Presents: Warlord. The book collects the 1st Issue Special and the first 28 issues of the ongoing series (out of over 120 issues). The stories all tend to follow on from each other loosely, with a couple of multi-issue plots rounding out the thick trade.
His stories follow Morgan during his initial exposure to this strange new land and through the life he makes there.
Grell treats us to some good old fashioned fantasy plots mixed in with more modern influences. Expect fights galore, a whole multitude of strange species, and a diverse group of clans/empires for Morgan to interact with.
The quality of the writing is very high and, despite being 40 years old, is still as enjoyable to read as most modern titles. Out of the 20 Showcase Presents volumes I own, this is the only one I was able to read cover to cover in 3 or 4 sittings. Very impressive for 528 pages of Bronze Age comics, which often have more packed into each issue than a four to six issue modern comic.
Mike Grell‘s art is reproduced in black and white, as in all Showcases, which suits his pencils very well.
His drawing ability, especially evident on the characters, shows real craftsmanship. While they all seem to be in skimpy costumes (both genders), their bodies are perfectly sculpted in almost every panel.
The physicist (my day job) inside me makes it hard to swallow certain things in this volume. I had to force myself to ignore the attempts to use physics to explain the strange world of Skartaris, often being completely wrong.
Non-physicists and younger readers obviously wouldn't have this issue. Thankfully it was easy to skim over these parts as they were very brief.
My biggest issue is that the plot was sometimes a little shallow or linear. This was common in comics of the period, however it still is in stark contrast to the depth of the plots modern comics can have.
I can't hold this against Showcase Presents: Warlord – it simply is a comic of its time. A very good one.
This is my favourite Showcase that I have gotten my hands on. I can only hope DC Comics decides to release another 3 (or 4) more to collect the remaining issues.
Epic is the best word to describe these stories. Truly epic.
Verdict:
4 out of 5.
If you can get past the fact that this was probably the inspiration behind He-Man, you will find yourself with a very enjoyable read.
Essential Continuity:
Entirely required if you hope to follow anything featuring Morgan/The Warlord, although he is a character not seen elsewhere very often. His stories are mostly contained within this small corner of the DC Universe.
Read first:
Best to start here. The character didn't exist before these stories. There is also a color reprint, though, of 1st Issue Special 8 and Warlord 1-12 in The Warlord: The Savage Empire. That book is a little harder to find, but if you absolutely must have color, there's your option.
Read next:
You could give the modern arc a go, starting with Warlord: The Saga or join me in waiting for a second Showcase to be released.
The Warlord reading order is sparse, as he makes brief cameos in a few books but not many of his more substantial appearances have been collected. Various DC characters and teams travel to Skartaris, but don't always bump into Morgan.
Alternatively you could try and find yourself some He-Man and the Masters of the Universe comics.
« Back to the top?
some good old fashioned fantasy plots mixed in with more modern influences. Expect fights galore, a whole multitude of strange species, and a diverse group of clans/empires for Morgan to interact with.
Since they became an official NFL statistic in 1982, 49ers outside linebacker Aldon Smith has averaged the most sacks per game (0.98) of any player.
In addition, despite coming off the bench in 2011 and missing five games for a stint in rehab in 2013, his 42 sacks after his first three seasons rank third behind Hall of Famers Reggie White (52) and Derrick Thomas (43.5).
With those figures in mind, will the 49ers offer Smith, who has one year left on his contract, an extension this offseason? The answer: no.
At least that's the opinion of Joel Corry (@corryjoel), an NFL agent for 16 years who now writes on NFL contract and salary-cap issues for CBS Sports and the National Football Post. As Corry notes, the 49ers can exercise a fifth-year option on Smith's rookie contract.
They have until May 3 to exercise the option, which would equal the 2014 transition tag for linebackers. The transition tag for the position, which was $8.358 million last year, is expected to be about $9.25 million this season.
By exercising the option, the 49ers can secure Smith's services for another year without making a long-term commitment. Smith is three months removed from a stay at a rehab clinic, which was preceded by two DUI arrests. He also faces a March 13 court date for a weapons charge stemming from a June 2012 party at his house.
“I wouldn't touch Aldon Smith right now,” Corry said. “You've got the fifth year option for him and they are going to exercise it. But more than the option, I would need to see him turn his life around a little bit more. Just have a little more comfort that he's on the right track before I commit great pass-rusher money to him.”
Smith's fifth year would be guaranteed for injury on the date it is exercised and would become fully guaranteed on the first day of the 2015 league year if he's still on the roster.
Relatively speaking, Smith would be a bargain with a salary under $10 million in 2015 based on the contracts of some of the NFL's top pass-rushing outside linebackers. Green Bay's Clay Matthews will count $12.7 million against the Packers' salary cap in 2015, while Dallas' DeMarcus Ware ($17.5 million) and Kansas City's Tamba Hali ($11.96 million) will also produce significant cap hits, according to Overthecap.com.
The fifth-year option could also give the 49ers more leverage in negotiating a long-term deal.
“They are going to exercise that fifth year,” Corry said. “That's a no-brainer.”
MILAN — The 5-year-old boy chased his father around the concrete soccer court, his feathery hair falling over his eyes. Around them the shouts and squeals of other children and the shrill whistles of a referee created a hyperkinetic cacophony reminiscent of any playground.
In this moment, it felt almost possible — almost — to forget the metal bars on the windows of the spartan room, to ignore the guards keeping silent watch, and to experience, briefly, the illusion of freedom.
The father, Sebastiano Russo, 45, has been incarcerated at Opera prison, a maximum-security facility here on the outskirts of Milan, since 2015, a circumstance his young son does not fully comprehend. Russo's wife, Rosa Bianca Cappelletti, said the boy used to refer to the prison as “Dad's house.” Lately, he has been calling it “Dad's cage” and asking why he cannot see his father more often.
"In a nutshell, it's is a way of accessing or sharing info that isn't indexable," William Beer, an online security expert who leads the consulting firm Alvarez & Marsal's South American cyber-protection practice, told VICE News, referring to the process by which conventional search engines like Google or Bing "index" and retrieve information.
Darknet networks allow users to share files anonymously among a group of peers on the "deep web," which exists like a second internet that is invisible to most web users.
"This is the first time that the Brazilian police has done an operation like this, seeking targets in the darknet," Rafael França, coordinator of the aptly named Operation Darknet, told VICE News.
Brazil 's federal police has announced that a nationwide investigation over the course of a year into the circulation of child pornography among users of private "darknet" networks has resulted in the arrest of 55 people — including teachers, priests, and at least one member of the military.
Read more
Brazil's federal police has announced that a nationwide investigation over the course of a year into the circulation of child pornography among users of private "darknet" networks has resulted in the arrest of 55 people — including teachers, priests, and at least one member of the military.
"This is the first time that the Brazilian police has done an operation like this, seeking targets in the darknet," Rafael França, coordinator of the aptly named Operation Darknet, told VICE News.
Darknet networks allow users to share files anonymously among a group of peers on the "deep web," which exists like a second internet that is invisible to most web users.
"In a nutshell, it's is a way of accessing or sharing info that isn't indexable," William Beer, an online security expert who leads the consulting firm Alvarez & Marsal's South American cyber-protection practice, told VICE News, referring to the process by which conventional search engines like Google or Bing "index" and retrieve information.
Suspected Italian mafia boss nabbed in Argentina while trying to enter Brazil. Read more here.
"When we think of the web, we think of interfaces like Google for finding information," he explained. "But for information on the dark web, that isn't possible — it's all hidden. The search engines and interfaces that the general public use don't apply."
Beer said that people typically use software like Tor, a special browser that hides a computer's IP address, to anonymously share information online.
"The anonymity of the darknet makes it much easier for criminals to access and share child pornography," França said, though he was quick to emphasize that not all darknet users are criminals. Journalists, bloggers, and political dissidents also employ such networks to communicate and bypass political censorship.
"It is a tool, used for both good and bad things," Thiago Tavares, president of Safernet, a Brazilian NGO working to combat crimes and human rights violations on the internet, told VICE News. Last year's bust of the Silk Road drew attention to the existence of darknet drug markets.
"These people arrested for child pornography were using it to commit crimes," Tavares added. "But there are many in Brazil and abroad using it to protect human rights. So we should never condemn the tool."
Brazil busts gang accused of Amazon rainforest deforestation. Read more here.
The police issued 100 arrest warrants throughout 18 states and the Federal District as part of the investigation, so more arrests are expected. They also relayed information about suspected child pornography traffickers to authorities in Mexico, Venezuela, Colombia, Italy, and Portugal.
França explained that the police had downloaded a special browser that hides the IP address of the user in order to access the darknet, though he wouldn't confirm that it was the Tor browser. In order to infiltrate the illicit file-sharing communities, he and six other officers went undercover as online pedophiles.
"We found and made contact within communities that are for people interested in child pornography, and gradually began communicating with them," he said. "Gaining their trust was a very difficult job, they were very suspicious. Every day they were talking about the police, saying, 'Are there cops among us?' "
A psychologist was on hand to support the officers, who in the course of the investigation had to view the disturbing images and videos that the users were sharing.
"This was very distressing," he said.
Using "unprecedented research methodology and developed tools," França said his team was eventually able to crack the anonymity of dozens of darknet users sharing child pornography. He noted that he wasn't at liberty to discuss the process in detail.
"This is our secret," he said. "I cannot talk about it."
The federal police has so far rescued six children from situations of sexual abuse and rape, including a baby whose father had bragged online that he would abuse her daughter as soon as she was born.
Follow Lucy Jordan on Twitter: @lucyjord
American sports history, says Andrei Markovits, is littered with examples of professional leagues pitting one city against another to get the best stadium deal.
Has St. Paul been drawn into such a scenario with Major League Soccer?
Markovits, an author and professor of political science at the University of Michigan, believes it has.
“The league will use its leverage to taunt and, ultimately — I don't want to use the word ‘extort,' but close to it — and go to those cities and say, ‘Hey, if the other guys offer me this, what can you offer?' It's standard stuff,” Markovits said.
After Minnesota United FC owner Bill McGuire and partners failed to meet a July 1 deadline to piece together a financing package for a proposed $150 million stadium in downtown Minneapolis, MLS announced via local radio that it has turned its sights to St. Paul.
That might sound familiar to many in St. Paul, which has fought bruising battles both for and against professional sports stadiums.
In 2004, St. Paul Mayor Randy Kelly ignored the city council and proposed taxing food and drinks in St. Paul bars and restaurants to pay for a downtown stadium for the Twins, who were desperately trying to move out of the dated, aging Metrodome.
The effort quickly withered, Kelly lost re-election the following year and the Twins moved into Target Field in Minneapolis in 2010.
In 2011, Vikings owner Zygi Wilf partnered with Ramsey County leaders to bring the team to Arden Hills, which some saw as a bluff intended to speed up negotiations for a new stadium in Minneapolis. The following year, state lawmakers and the Minneapolis City Council approved financing for a stadium scheduled to open in time for the 2016 season.
The money behind United's bid for an MLS expansion franchise, officially awarded in March, is mostly in Minneapolis.
McGuire, a former UnitedHealth Group executive, has donated tens of millions of dollars to build Gold Medal Park next to the Guthrie Theater and to the Walker Art Center. Partner Glen Taylor owns the Minnesota Timberwolves, which play in the city-owned Target Center in downtown Minneapolis. The Pohlad family owns the Twins, which play at Target Field, and United Properties, a commercial real estate company in Minneapolis.
Meetings between MLS and St. Paul are expected to take place within the next few weeks, deputy MLS commissioner Mark Abbott said Wednesday. Some fear a repeat performance of past stadium drives.
“Now that the mayor is willing to court them, he has given McGuire, Pohlad, Taylor, et al., the perfect opportunity to pit the citizens and politicians of Minneapolis and St. Paul against one another in hopes of persuading one side to up the ante,” Tom Goldstein, an attorney running for city council in the Hamline-Midway neighborhood, said in a recent online post.
VICTIM OF STADIUM FATIGUE
McGuire's group approached the state Legislature in April with a proposal to privately finance all of a $120 million, open-air stadium, as well as the $30 million parcel of land near Target Field and the $100 million MLS expansion fee.
What United wanted from the state was exemptions on property tax and sales taxes on construction supplies.
Although Gov. Mark Dayton said he was “very, very pleasantly surprised” by United's plan, it failed to resonate with lawmakers still suffering from “stadium fatigue” after battles with the Vikings and Twins. No legislation was forthcoming, and the MLS deadline of July 1 passed without a deal.
MLS, the top U.S. professional soccer league, has been open about the fact that it has other options for expansion teams. The United group's bid beat a local bid from the Vikings, as well as bids from groups in Sacramento and Las Vegas.
When Minnesota officially won the bid on March 25, MLS Commissioner Don Garber said that if United didn't have a solid financing plan in place by July 1, “We would then, as an ownership group, take a step back and decide whether we wanted to come to Minnesota. We have other options around the country, some of which with very detailed soccer-stadium plans.”
Possible stadium locations in St. Paul are the Sears store site near the state Capitol and the long-vacant Metro Transit “bus barn” site by Interstate 94, off Snelling and University avenues. Both sites are located within walking distance of a station for the new Green Line light rail that runs between downtown St. Paul and Minneapolis.
Coleman, who is widely perceived to have gubernatorial aspirations, has pledged to make St. Paul more attractive to millennials and working professionals who want to live virtually car-free. In addition, a soccer stadium along the Green Line could provide a further boost to University Avenue, a weathered commercial corridor where recent economic development has largely come in the form of new residential apartments.
“There's a significant advantage to that — to think you're right on a light-rail line midway between both cities' downtowns, and right on the freeway,” said Matt Kramer, president of the St. Paul Area Chamber of Commerce.
The “bus barn” also is located near Hmong and African immigrant communities, including the Skyline Tower on St. Anthony Avenue, which has a large Somali and East African population.
Peter Xiong, captain of the Hmong soccer team Metro FC, sees soccer amenities as a natural fit, if marketed correctly to the city's growing immigrant populations.
“Having it in St. Paul, having a more diverse culture around the Snelling and University area, if they get the right people, they could promote the game and have more ethnic fans,” he said. “Last year, I played for the Minnesota United reserve team, and the first few games were all the way in Blaine. It's not far, but not as many people will drive from the city.”
LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION … AND MORE
Talks between St. Paul and United/MLS would be about more than a stadium site. United, which has offered to pay a substantially larger portion of the project than either the Vikings or Twins paid for their stadiums, has said the tax relief is essential to its plan.
The Sears site, for example, currently generates $525,000 in annual taxes and special assessments, according to city record.
Ramsey County Board of Commissioners Chairman Jim McDonough said neither United nor MLS has reached out to the board.
“We are open to having a conversation with the city, and with United Properties, about what the whole project would look like and what our role could potentially be,” McDonough said. “The conversation about the property tax would be a part of it, but there are other components that are a part of it, too.”
Howie Padilla, a spokesman for Metro Transit, said the Metropolitan Council is still a few months away from garnering the results of a feasibility market study to determine what kind of development would best suit the 10-acre bus barn site.
“In general, as far as it pertains to development along the transit ways and the rail, obviously we're in support of that,” Padilla said. “We want to do what we can to make that happen.”
McDonough said the Ramsey County board could help with environmental cleanup, infrastructure investments and tax-increment financing or abatements.
“The return on investment has to be there at some point,” McDonough said. The board “also understands that return can come in jobs, through economic vitality, and they understand the ‘but-for' piece that without this investment, other investment might not come.”
United's proposed 10-acre site for a soccer stadium in Minneapolis was blocks away from Target Field and Target Center.
“(MLS) went to Minneapolis first for a reason,” said Darin White, chairman of the American Marketing Association Sports Marketing Academic Society. “That's their preference.”
United has been largely mum about this week's developments, releasing a statement Wednesday saying the club is “pleased that MLS has agreed to meet with officials from St. Paul to learn about the possibility of building a new stadium there as we believe this is an opportunity that deserves to be evaluated further.”
In the end, White said, it's the soccer league that holds the cards.
“They have options; there is no doubt about it,” he said. “MLS is in the position to be patient and picky and get everything that they want to make sure it can be successful financially.”
Follow Andy Greder at twitter.com/andygreder. Frederick Melo is at twitter.com/FrederickMelo.
In an interview with Fox News' Chris Wallace Sunday, Rush Limbaugh described President Barack Obama's worldview as one in which America needs to be punished for its sins.
"It's almost as though (Obama) thinks we've committed all these crimes since our founding - unjust and immoral - and it's time for payback," said Limbaugh. "It's time for us find out what the rest of the world goes through every day. It's time for us to bite the bullet."
Broadening his analysis to the entirety of the Obama Administration, Limbaugh said, “They see (America) as the problem, not the solution.”
"It's almost as though he thinks we've committed all these crimes since our founding - unjust and immoral - and it's time for payback." Rush Limbaugh
Limbaugh noted the contrast between the acrimonious tone in which Obama describes Republicans and the “cautious” and “precise” manner in which he describes ISIS. Wallace illustrated this contrast by playing back-to-back clips of Obama discussing Republican and ISIS; with the President being much more animated in his criticisms of the former.
Limbaugh connected this with Hillary Clinton's description of Republicans as her primary enemies. "There are legitimate questions about what and who (Obama) thinks pose threats to this country and who our real enemies are," said Limbaugh. When it comes to deriding Republicans, Limbaugh noted that Obama is in no need of queue cards or teleprompters.
During a "lightning round," Limbaugh was asked to offer quick commentary on various presidential candidates.
Limbaugh praised what he described as the lesson to be learned for Republicans from Donald Trump's political ascendance. "(Trump) is showing that you do not have to fear attacks from the media. You do not have fear being politically incorrect or violating political correctness," he said.
Senator Ted Cruz, seemingly Limbaugh's favorite, elicited more praise. The radio host described Cruz as "brilliant," "conservative through and through," "trustworthy," "strong," "confident," and "somebody on whom you can totally depend."
Limbaugh spoke with Cruz in July for his radio show, a noteworthy event considering the conservative talk icon rarely conducts such interviews.
On Jeb Bush, Limbaugh speculated that the former governor of Florida lacks "passion" for his presidential pursuit. Limbaugh wondered if Bush is being pushed to undertake his candidacy. "It's as though people in his camp want him to do it because they want to get back in power," he said.
Limbaugh also pushed back against the left-wing's framing of national security concerns related to Obama's designs to admit thousands of Muslim refugees as racist, bigoted, and xenophobic. Limbaugh said that worried Americans are none of these things. "They love America, they're concerned about our security," said Limbaugh.
AP Photo 50 top GOP officials: Trump would 'risk our country's national security'
Donald Trump's effort to appeal to establishment Republicans suffered another setback on Monday as 50 senior GOP national security officials warned in a new letter that Trump would "risk our country's national security and well-being.”
The signatories of the letter, which was first reported by The New York Times, all worked in Republican administrations, with many serving as top aides to President George W. Bush. They said none of them would be voting for Trump.
Story Continued Below
“Trump lacks the character, values, and experience to be President,” they wrote. “He weakens U.S. moral authority as the leader of the free world. He appears to lack basic knowledge about and belief in the U.S. Constitution, U.S. laws, and U.S. institutions, including religious tolerance, freedom of the press, and an independent judiciary.”
The letter signers include Michael Hayden, the former director of the CIA and the National Security Agency, two former secretaries of homeland security, and John Negroponte, who served as director of national intelligence and deputy secretary of state. None of the living Republican former secretaries of state signed the letter.
Trump responded to the letter in a statement issued by his campaign, blaming the signees for the Iraq War and accusing them of profiting off their positions.
"The names on this letter are the ones American people should look to for answers on why the world is a mess," Trump said in the statement. "These insiders — along with Hillary Clinton — are the owners of the disastrous decisions to invade Iraq, allow Americans to die in Benghazi, and they are the ones who allowed the rise of ISIS."
Although the signatories said they would not be voting for Trump, they did express concerns about Hillary Clinton as well.
“We also know that many have doubts about Hillary Clinton, as do many of us,” they wrote. “But Donald Trump is not the answer to America's daunting challenges and to this crucial election. We are convinced that in the Oval Office, he would be the most reckless President in American history.”
Under Football Federation of Australia regulations stemming from FIFA law, cautions cannot be contested, only dismissals from a straight red card.
"I spoke with the FFA this morning and they came back to me, unfortunately there are no rights to appeal the yellow card and you can only question a straight red. It's disappointing, but we move on and the focus is now on the Sydney derby," Sydney chief executive Tony Pignata said.
Dimitrijevic's ban is the third attempted appeal of a suspension by Sydney FC this season. The Sky Blues unsuccessfully challenged the straight red card shown to defender Nikola Petkovic in the FFA cup quarter-final loss to Adelaide United. The club was also denied a chance to overturn a ban relating to a withdrawal from international duty that denied Terry Antonis a chance to play against Melbourne Victory a fortnight ago.
The absence of Dimitrijevic for the derby could pave the way for Rhyan Grant to make his first start in more than a year after a lengthy layoff due to a serious knee injury. Grant tore his ACL in the first Sydney derby of last season and made his long awaited return to the A-League in the win over Melbourne City last week, playing 21 minutes as a substitute.
While the pace and tempo of the derby will be heightened, Grant is confident he can handle the occasion and declared himself fit to play if called upon.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: This is Democracy Now!, democracynow.org, The War and Peace Report. I'm Amy Goodman. Yes, we're on our 100-city tour marking Democracy Now!'s 20th anniversary. Today, I'll be speaking in Albuquerque, and I'll be in Las Alamos and Santa Fe at the Lensic on Tuesday. On Wednesday, I'll be in Flagstaff, Thursday in Phoenix and Tucson, then on Friday in Fresno, Saturday in Grass Valley. Then we're on to Houston and New Orleans on Sunday, and beyond. Check democracynow.org.
As we turn right now back to Seymour Hersh, who has a new book out—it's called The Killing of Osama bin Laden. Sy, I want to ask you about the presidential race. Last year at a debate in New Hampshire, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders accused former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton of being, quote, “too much into regime change.” This is what he said.
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS: But I think—and I say this with due respect—that I worry too much that Secretary Clinton is too much into regime change and a little bit too aggressive without knowing what the unintended consequences might be. Yes, we could get rid of Saddam Hussein, but that destabilized the entire region. Yes, we could get rid of Gaddafi, a terrible dictator, but that created a vacuum for ISIS. Yes, we could get rid of Assad tomorrow, but that would create another political vacuum that would benefit ISIS. So I think, yeah, regime change is easy, getting rid of dictators is easy. But before you do that, you've got to think about what happens the day after.
HILLARY CLINTON: Now, with all due respect, Senator, you voted for regime change with respect to Libya. You joined the Senate in voting to get rid of Gaddafi, and you asked that there be a Security Council validation of that with a resolution. All of these are very difficult issues.
AMY GOODMAN: That's Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders debating in New Hampshire a while ago. So, Seymour Hersh, if you could talk about this issue and this most recent news, Charles Koch, the Republican megadonor, the oil baron, saying he could see himself actually supporting Hillary Clinton over a Republican nominee.
SEYMOUR HERSH: Well, I don't believe that for a minute, but that's another story. What Koch said, I think that's just all part of pressure to get rid of Trump, who, in some ways, Trump's pretty—I mean, who ever heard of a Republican talking about ”NATO is useless”? Which, of course, pretty much a lot of people I know believe it is pretty much useless. There are a lot of things Trump said that are pretty remarkable. He would talk to Putin, etc. It's a pretty interesting campaign on the Republicans, how they're sort of internally eating up themselves.
But Sanders is right, of course, about that issue. I don't think Sanders is as sound on foreign policy as I'd love him to be, I wish him to be. I don't think he really—he doesn't quite understand the consequences of—he doesn't—I don't think he's terribly—he just hasn't done enough to make me comfortable. But, of course, Hillary—my favorite line about Hillary Clinton is, after Gaddafi was executed—as you know, he was killed by his own people. He was actually sodomized by swords. It was a horrible death. And she said on one show, “We came, we saw, and he died,” with a laugh. And that kind of talk is sort of almost bizarre.
You know, here's what I think about this campaign. It doesn't—you know, it's clear where my political thoughts are, but it's—for me to say who I'm going to vote for and all that, I don't think anybody—you know, I'm not a political leader. That's not what I'm into. But I will say this: Something that's amazing is happening in this country. And for the first time, you know, I do think it's going to be very hard for a lot of the people who support Sanders to support Hillary Clinton. Now, times can change. There's a lot more time to go. We've got months before an election and a convention, etc. But at this point, I'm at the point where—I go back to the old days. Remember, if you—you might not remember. We had a lot of talk about a third party in America, a progressive third party. Barry Commoner was one of the people who was going to run it. It went nowhere. But there's really—it seems to me, with what's going on now with these people, 45 and under, the enormous support they're giving to Sanders, just we know by polling, etc.—doesn't always show up in the—it turns out, in the election results. I mean, it certainly didn't show up in New York. And so—but they are there. There's a whole group of young people in America, across the board, all races, etc., etc., who have just had it with our system.
And there's something wonderful in the—you know, look, I've been to Israel many times, have a lot of friends there, and there's a lot of very good people there, but we all know it's headed for—it's chaos coming. And here we have a guy running for president. This is something, I guess, you know, forbidden—a forbidden statement. But he's the first Democrat since I've been watching politics, 50—I'm old, older and crankier than Bernie. But anyway, it's the first Democrat that I can remember that actually did not have to go to the Jewish community in New York to get money to run. And that's something amazing. We may be able to actually change our policy and let the Israelis know that there's going to have to be a settlement—not just divided, not just two countries, but a real settlement, a peace settlement, in that area.
And we've seen some terrific changes happening in this election, as the Democratic Party has been moving to the left, with a lot of contempt for the way the party manages itself, by the people who are pro—working—are interested in Sanders, that look at the chaos on the right. Our system is basically breaking apart right now in this election. And you can only say, “Yay! It's great!” So, it's inchoate. It's not very good. It's a little bit like the new generation of journalism we have with the tweeting and—you know, and blogging, that's going to clearly replace the newspapers, which are dying as we sit, every day. It's all sort of new world coming.
AMY GOODMAN: Sy, President Obama appeared on Fox News on Sunday a few weeks ago, and he was asked what was the worst mistake of his presidency. This was his response.
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: Probably failing to plan for the day after what I think was the right thing to do in intervening in Libya.
AMY GOODMAN: Can you respond, and particularly focus on Hillary as secretary of state under President Obama?
SEYMOUR HERSH: First of all, you're just going have to take my word for it. Gaddafi was a tame cat. We got to him in the Bush-Cheney years. If you remember the history, we had a lot of bad trouble. Bush and Cheney were—I think normally would be embarrassed, should have been embarrassed, by the lies they told and the mistakes they made—let's put it that way—about the WMDs that the—Saddam did not have an ongoing nuclear weapons system, which was known to an awful lot of people before—before we took over Baghdad and discovered nothing. At that point—I think it was a year later, in 2004—suddenly, Gaddafi, after allegedly having caught—we caught a ship full of some dual-use goods, and we stopped a ship that was going to Tripoli with it. He suddenly announced that he was giving up—unilaterally going to give up all his chemical arsenal and his WMD, his nuclear plans or options. And it was a big victory at a very much needed time by the Bush and Cheney crowd, that was a victory that showed our policy is working right. Money was involved, the CIA, covert money. A lot of stuff was going on. As you know, I've been doing a book about Cheney for a long time. And I can tell you that it was a considerable amount of CIA activity involved to turn him around.
I don't think—which is amazing—it's clear to me that the president and Hillary, the secretary of state, did not know about this secret agreement made. It's just amazing to me that one administration will leave—it's one of the things I first learned from a friend who went to work—I think it was way back—maybe it was for Clinton. This friend got a job, a high-ranking job, in the government. The first thing he discovered, that all the files related to everything significant that had happened, all the agreements that had been made in his area—it was in the State Department—had been gone, had been cleaned out. Nothing was left. So, they were—you know, as I said, they were going after a guy that had been doing a lot of good work for us, believe it or not, horrible as he was. He was a horrible human being. Bad things happened inside that country to the people. But he was actively working with us on the al-Qaeda issue, and, you know, if the—I don't believe al-Qaeda exists there. I think the al-Qaeda we talked about disappeared with bin Laden. There are just copycats, and we like to call it al-Qaeda. But Sunni jihadists, Sunni Salafist and Wahhabi extremists are spreading all over, in part in response to what we did after 9/11. But that's the story we all know. So, they didn't really know what the hell had happened with Gaddafi. They took out a guy that didn't need to go. And the French were pushing for it, and we went along. It looked good.
It's a little bit like putting a couple hundred guys, and maybe a lot more that we don't know about, into Syria now, and many more than that into Iraq, where the—God knows what's going to happen in both places. It's just—it's done without consulting the Congress, which probably this Congress probably doesn't want to be consulted, but that's the—you know, the Constitution is not a nuisance, as many in the Republican Party, as Bush and Cheney, and now, in many areas, even Obama believes, it seems to be a nuisance. We don't tell Congress anything. We don't go and—we don't tell the people anything. And the control—the control of the media that goes on now, the major media, is, I think, much more acute now. I can go days wondering, you know, why we don't do more aggressive reporting on certain things.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Bombardier workers and the Unite union held a protest at Westminster over the threat to jobs
MPs have joined Bombardier workers outside the Houses of Parliament in a campaign to protect jobs in Belfast.
The workers, along with the trade union, Unite, displayed a large banner stating "#BackBombardier".
Bombardier, a Canadian aerospace company, is in a trade dispute with rival firm Boeing over alleged below-cost selling of its C-Series jet.
The Bombardier workers held an hour-long meeting with Business Secretary Greg Clark on Wednesday evening.
Coming after a day of meetings with MPs, a union official told BBC News NI that Mr Clark "listened, but we now expect action".
The row threatens jobs at Bombardier's Belfast plant, where parts of the C-Series jet, including the wings, are made.
Bombardier employs more than 4,000 people in Northern Ireland - and is one of its biggest private sector employers.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The history of Bombardier in Northern Ireland
Last week, the US government imposed an import tax of 80% on the jets, on top of a 220% tariff that had already been set.
The ruling, which could triple the cost of a C-Series aircraft sold into the US, could potentially jeopardise a major order placed last year from US airline Delta - a $5.6bn (£4.15bn) deal for up to 125 of the jets.
Delta's Chief Executive Ed Bastian said on Tuesday the carrier would not foot the bill of the proposed tariff.
The company still intends to take the C-Series but there may be a delay as it works through the issues with Bombardier, he said, adding that Delta would get the planes "at the agreed contractual price".
Prime Minister Theresa May spoke to US President Donald Trump on Tuesday night and discussed the importance of Bombardier jobs to Northern Ireland.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, speaking during Prime Minister's Question Time and sporting a 'back Bombardier' badge, said "Bombardier workers facing redundancy" was one of the government's failings.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Parts of the C-Series jet are produced by workers at Bombardier's Belfast plant
Analysis: Julian O'Neill, BBC News NI business correspondent
Wednesday's round of London meetings is all about keeping the Bombardier issue on the national agenda.
The government has already taken the side of the Canadian firm in its dispute with Boeing.
The DUP, whose support Theresa May relies on, is also ensuring it gets high-level attention.
But is this something which has the potential to threaten the supply and confidence deal? Highly unlikely.
The DUP is clear the real villains of the piece are Boeing and President Trump's Commerce Department, not the government it props up.
Speaking at the Westminster protest, Bombardier employee Dougie Jamison said it was important to remind MPs "how it is going to affect people on the ground".
"It is not just people in Canada or in Belfast - it is throughout Northern Ireland that this is going to affect people," he added.
Unite's regional secretary Jimmy Kelly said the intention was to "impress on the government" that it must do more on the issue.
"It is not good enough to just phone Donald Trump," said Mr Kelly.
"We need the government to speak to Boeing in a way that makes them realise their contracts with them are under threat."
The group will call on the prime minister to summon Boeing to a summit with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
On Tuesday, the government accused of "inaction" over the potential job losses.
But Mr Clark told the House of Commons that he understood the worry felt by the workforce, adding that the government would "vigorously and robustly defend" Bombardier's interests.
Whether you call it soccer or football, it is the world's most popular sport. It is practiced by 250 million players in over 200 nations and enjoyed by an even greater number of fans. Sure, the game might be little more than two teams of 11 players kicking a ball around, but there's something captivating about it, something that makes you want to watch it and play it, something that makes you want to... download a soccer game onto your mobile device.
When it comes to soccer games, there's one name that springs to mind right away – FIFA 16. It is a great soccer simulator, there's no denying that, but it just might not be everyone's cup of tea. Some might see it as too complicated, others may feel like playing a soccer game that's more casual and less engaging. So we did a little research of our own. The good news is that the App Store and Play Store are full of soccer games – soccer games that aren't like EA Sports' title in gameplay, but are tons of fun nonetheless. Below we have 6 of the best among them.
Looking for more great mobile games? Check these out:
Kicking off today is second Mobile World Congress of the year, MWC Shanghai. As the de facto home of smartphone manufacturing, and home for an increasing number of major mobile device vendors, the tradeshow has taken on increased importance in recent years. This year is no exception, with several different announcements of note coming out of the show.
Starting things off for everyone is Qualcomm, who is at the show to announce their latest mainstream Snapdragon 400 series SoC: the Snapdragon 450. The successor to Qualcomm's 2016 Snapdragon 435, the Snapdragon 450's biggest claim to fame is also its smallest: it will be the first Snapdragon 400 series SoC to be fabbed at 14nm, finally moving Qualcomm's mainstream SoC lineup off of 28nm LP and on to a more recent and more power efficient manufacturing node.
Qualcomm Midrange Snadpragon Family SoC Snapdragon 450 Snapdragon 435 Snapdragon 625 CPU 4x A53 @ 1.8GHz
4x A53 @ 1.8GHz 4x A53 @ 1.4GHz
4x A53 @ 1.4GHz 4x A53 @ 2.0GHz
4x A53 @ 2.0GHz Memory 1x 32-bit LPDDR3 1x 32-bit @ 800MHz
LPDDR3
6.4GB/s b/w 1x 32-bit @ 933MHz
LPDDR3
7.45GB/s b/w GPU Adreno 506 Adreno 505 Adreno 506 Encode/
Decode 1080p
H.264 & HEVC (Decode) 1080p
H.264 & HEVC (Decode) 2160p
H.264 & HEVC (Decode) Camera/ISP Dual ISP
13MP + 13 MP (Dual)
21MP (Single) Dual ISP
8MP + 8MP (Dual)
21MP (Single) Dual ISP
24MP Integrated
Modem "X9 LTE" Cat. 7
300Mbps DL 150Mbps UL
2x20MHz C.A.
(DL & UL) "X9 LTE" Cat. 7
300Mbps DL 100Mbps UL
2x20MHz C.A.
(DL & UL) "X9 LTE" Cat. 7
300Mbps DL 150Mbps UL
2x20MHz C.A.
(DL & UL) USB 3.0
w/QuickCharge 3.0 2.0
w/QuickCharge 3.0 3.0
w/QuickCharge 3.0 Mfc. Process 14nm 28nm LP 14nm
At a high level, the Snapdragon 450 is a very straightforward successor to the 435. Qualcomm has taken most of the 435's design principles and brought them forward for the smaller Snapdragon 450. For example, we're still looking at an octa-core ARM Cortex-A53 implementation, however thanks to the 14nm process Qualcomm has been able to bump up the maximum clockspeed from 1.4GHz to 1.8GHz. Similarly, Qualcomm has updated the GPU from an Adreno 505 on the Snapdragon 435 to an Adreno 506 on the Snapdragon 450, with the more powerful GPU said to offer 25% better performance.
Meanwhile more significant upgrades have been made to the ISPs and USB controller. Similar to the Snapdragon 435, the 450 supports a single camera at up to 21MP. However if it's used in a dual camera configuration – as is increasingly popular these days for artificial Bokeh and telephoto modes – then it can handle a pair of 13MP sensors, up from 8MP on the Snapdragon 435, and a notable improvement as 13MP seems to increasingly be the baseline for midrange phones. Qualcomm's video processor blocks have also been improved, in part to keep up with the improved sensor, and as a result the 450 can now capture video at up to 1080p60, doubling the maximum framerate over the Snapdragon 435's 1080p30 limit. Meanwhile the USB controller has been upgraded from USB 2.0 to USB 3.0, allowing for much faster transfers from Snapdragon 450 devices. And, like its predecessor, the 450 also supports QualComm's QuickCharge 3.0 tech over said USB port.
Cellular connectivity is once again provided by Qualcomm's Integrated X9 modem, which supports LTE Category 7 down and Category 13 up, for a maximum of 300Mbps down and 150Mbps up respectively. Interestingly, on the Snapdragon 435, Qualcomm limited that SoC for just 100Mbps up despite the fact that Category 13 allows for 150Mbps; so this is the first X9-equipped Snapdragon 400 SoC to actually be able to hit 150Mbps up, going by Qualcomm's specifications. The 450 also retains the 435's Hexagon DSP, however like so many other parts of the SoC, the 450's DSP has been further enhanced to reduce power consumption.
Last but not least, Qualcomm is promising some solid battery life improvements with the Snapdragon 450 over its 435 predecessor. While the company has invested some of their 14nm gains in improving clockspeeds throughout the chip, they've also retained a lot of those gains for reducing overall power consumption, a philosophy similar to what they did with the Snapdragon 835 this year as well. To that end the company is promoting that Snapdragon 450 phones will be able to deliver 4 hours more battery life relative to 435 phones.
Overall it's interesting to note just how much the Snapdragon 450 sounds a lot like Qualcomm's Snapdragon 625, their 14nm SoC from 2016. Both chips use a octa-A53 CPU configuration, X9 LTE modem, and Adreno 506 GPU. In fact the Snapdragon 450 is even pin compatible with the Snapdragon 625, which means that handset manufacturers can immediately begin working with the new SoC in existing designs. However given this close similarity, I'm also left to wonder whether the Snapdragon 450 is a new die, or a cut-down 625. In any case, the two chips still have some differences between them: particularly that the Snapdragon 625 clocks higher and features a more powerful ISP and video decode block.
Wrapping things up, as is often the case with Qualcomm's SoC reveals, today's announcement comes ahead of vendor sampling and wide release. The company will begin commercial sampling in Q3 of this year, and the chip should show up in retail devices by the end of the year.
There's a lot of awkwardness when it comes to the annual CES. And who is surprised? It's the grandiose gathering of some of the most notoriously nerdy people around. We're talking geeky CEOs of computer companies, gadget aficionados, fan boys, and, of course, tech bloggers. But what makes it tremendously MORE awkward are the terribly scripted showcases by manufacturers of said electronics. So how could the “Derp” in the air get any thicker? Enter: Transformers Director Michael Bay.
During Samsung's press conference today, Michael Bay had a cameo. Unfortunately, it was one that ended poorly due to a teleprompter failing. While we could only speak for his insane special effects before, his acting and lackluster improvisation skills were on full display for the world this afternoon. Just watch Bay have a near meltdown in the video below. We won't apologize for how uncomfortable we warned you it would be.
Source: Android News
Closing ranks: Cronulla coach Shane Flanagan barred the media from his club's training session on Wednesday. Up to 14 Sharks players are understood to have been offered six-month bans if they plead guilty to using prohibited drugs. But it is understood they argued that if they had taken drugs, they did so unknowingly. It is unclear whether former Cronulla players now at other clubs have been offered the same deal, which would save them from the usual two-year bans handed down to athletes testing positive to performance-enhancing drugs. Fairfax Media has been told Sharks players were given Thymosin Beta 4 and CJC-1295 peptides during the 2011 season. It is understood the products were not on the World Anti-Doping Agency's banned list at the time but both were included in the Australian Crime Commission report into doping and match fixing under the heading "Performance and Image Enhancing Substances". If the players were to be suspended, Fairfax Media was told the players might sue the club, claiming to have been told the substances were legal. A source told Fairfax Media the players could claim the Sharks had a duty of care for them while they were employed by the club.
If they were suspended for six months, the players would not only miss the majority of this season but there was a risk their long-term careers would be severely damaged. The players would also lose 50 per cent of their contract money for the year as Australian Sports Anti-Doping Authority guidelines prevent the payment to athletes suspended for drugs use. Cronulla officials will also come under scrutiny over the decision to hire controversial sports scientist Stephen Dank and the level of autonomy he was given at the club. Dank is at the centre of the ASADA investigation into AFL club Essendon and similar allegations about the use of peptides by their players and has been interviewed twice by the ACC. He has denied any wrongdoing, and Fairfax Media has been told there are allegations against another member of the Sharks' off-field staff over the use of performance-enhancing substances by players. The ACC report described CJC-1295 as a growth hormone releasing peptide and "one of the principal peptides identified by the ACC and ASADA as being misused in both professional sports and the broader population". Thymosin Beta 4 is used to aid injury recovery and is described in the ACC report as "not regulated". It is used extensively for performance enhancement in horses.
Sharks coach Shane Flanagan shut the media out of training on Wednesday and could not be contacted afterwards. However, it is understood he does not anticipate any changes to the side he named on Tuesday to host Gold Coast in Sunday night's opening round fixture. Loading A statement posted on the Cronulla website on Wednesday night said the club was fully assisting with the ASADA investigation. "Sharks fans and all rugby league supporters can be assured the club has been very proactive in fully co-operating with ASADA and taking other measures that prioritise the integrity of our club and the welfare of our playing group," the statement said. "While there are strict boundaries around what we can say while the ASADA investigation is ongoing, fans should be assured that as soon as there is an opportunity to provide further information we will do so."
back to news News Attention! This news was published on the old version of the website. There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions. Christmas Skin Competition - week 1 winners In this section you can put your entries for next week (here) We present to you the winners of our current Christmas Skin Competition - week 1 winners. Christmas Skin Competition winners: 1st place - 2000 GE & 1 Tier 2 Premium Vehicle - cambridge79 : 2nd place 1000 GE - Tiger_VI : 3rd place - 500 GE - __StrafeMike__ : We also want to remind you about rules and how to participate in this contest. How to participate: Create a Christmas themed skin for any vehicle type. Don't hold back, be creative!
Upload it to War Thunder Live with the hashtag #xmas
with the hashtag #xmas Submit your skin through the MetaCommunity , by opening a topic there with a picture of you skin and link to Live.
, by opening a topic there with a picture of you skin and link to Live. You can submit one skin per week. Weekly Prizes: 1st Prize: 2.000 plus a Premium Vehicle of Rank II
plus a 2nd Prize: 1.000
3rd Prize: 500 Grand Champion Prizes: 1st Prize: 5.000 plus a Premium Vehicle of any Rank
plus a 2nd Prize: 2.000 plus a Premium Vehicle of Rank IV
plus a 3rd Prize: 1.000 plus a Premium Vehicle of Rank III Good Luck to all Participants! Discuss on the Forums
An armoured vehicle-launched bridge (AVLB) [1] is a combat support vehicle, sometimes regarded as a subtype of military engineering vehicle, designed to assist militaries in rapidly deploying tanks and other armoured fighting vehicles across gap-type obstacles, such as (and primarily) rivers. The AVLB is usually a tracked vehicle converted from a tank chassis to carry a folding metal bridge instead of weapons. The AVLB's job is to allow armoured or infantry units to cross craters, anti-tank ditches, blown bridges, railroad cuts, canals, rivers and ravines[2]), when a river too deep for vehicles to wade through is reached, and no bridge is conveniently located (or sufficiently sturdy, a substantial concern when moving 60-ton tanks).
The bridge layer unfolds and launches its cargo, providing a ready-made bridge across the obstacle in only minutes. Once the span has been put in place, the AVLB vehicle detaches from the bridge, and moves aside to allow traffic to pass. Once all of the vehicles have crossed, it crosses the bridge itself and reattaches to the bridge on the other side. It then retracts the span ready to move off again. A similar procedure can be employed to allow crossings of small chasms or similar obstructions. AVLBs can carry bridges of 60 feet (19 metres) or greater in length. By using a tank chassis, the bridge layer is able to cover the same terrain as main battle tanks, and the provision of armour allows them to operate even in the face of enemy fire. However, this is not a universal attribute: some exceptionally sturdy 6x6 or 8x8 truck chassis have lent themselves to bridge-layer applications.
External video Video of FV4205 Chieftain Armoured Vehicle-Launched Bridge (AVLB) showing an AVLB in action and the various steps of laying the bridge
Origins [ edit ]
The roots of the modern AVLB can be found in World War I, at the dawn of tank warfare. Having developed tanks, the United Kingdom and France were confronted with the problem of mounting tank advances in the face of the trenches that dominated the battlefields. Early engagements, such as at Cambrai demonstrated the tank's utility, but also highlighted its vulnerability to battlefield geography—many early tanks found themselves ignominiously stuck in the trenches, having insufficiently long tracks to cross them (as at right). To counter this disadvantage, tanks (especially the common British Heavy tanks) began to go into battle with fascines hanging over their bows, sometimes as simple as a bundle of heavy sticks. By dropping these into the trenches, they were able to create a wedge over which the tank could drive. Later, some tanks began to carry rails on their decks—the first AVLBs.
By 1919, the British Army had, at its training centre in Christchurch, a Mark V** tank with lifting gear able to carry and place a bridge or carry out mine clearing and demolition.[3]
World War II and subsequent use [ edit ]
It was in the World War II era that the importance of armoured bridge layers, as well as combat engineering vehicles and armoured recovery vehicles, became fully clear. With the advent of Blitzkrieg warfare, whole divisions had to advance along with tanks, which were suddenly far out-pacing the speed of infantry soldiers. Besides leading to the advent of self-propelled artillery/assault guns, mobile anti-aircraft and armoured personnel carriers/cars, it became clear that functions like vehicle repair, mine-clearing, and the like would have to be carried out by armoured vehicles advancing along with tanks. Moreover, these forces would have to be able to cross all forms of terrain without losing speed, and without having to concentrate their thrusts over certain bridges (and the rising weight of armoured vehicles meant that fewer and fewer bridges could support these massed crossings). The only feasible solution to the dilemma posed by the mobility of all-mechanised armed forces was a dedicated platform that could improvise river and obstacle crossings at short notice and in otherwise inconvenient locations. Tracked and armoured, it was capable of operating right alongside combat units, crossing rough terrain and advancing in the face of light fire. To maximize on common parts and ease maintenance complications, they were usually based on existing tank chassis.
Circa 1943, a Covenanter deploys its bridge. Circa 2007, a Covenanter tank bridgelayer with bridge folded Circa 2008, a Covenanter tank bridgelayer at the 1/15th Royal NSW Lancers awaiting restoration. The Covenanter tank bridge-layer
One of the earliest series-produced examples is the Brückenleger IV, a German AVLB based on the Panzer IV, which entered service with the Wehrmacht in 1940. Twenty were built, but problems of excessive weight limited the vehicle's effectiveness, and eventually all 20 were converted back to tanks. A new scissors bridge design was brought out by the British in response to the war, sufficient to support a 24-ton load over 30 ft (9.1 m). This was developed for the Covenanter tank. Eventually, it developed into a 30-ton capacity and therefore was carried by a turretless Valentine tank. It was used in Italy, North West Europe and Burma.
The Allies developed similar equipment, mostly based on the ubiquitous Churchill infantry tank (carrying the Small Box Girder) and the Sherman medium tank of the British and U.S. armies, respectively. In some early designs, bridge-layers could emplace bridges, but not retract them. Other vehicles were integral to the bridge themselves (such as the Churchill Ark), wading to the middle of a river or driving up against an obstacle and extending simple ramps in both directions; following vehicles would drive directly over the bridge layer.
Modern [ edit ]
Most modern bridge layers are based on current main battle tank chassis.[4] An example of a modern main battle tank (MBT) chassis being converted to a bridgelayer is the creation of the M104 Wolverine Armored Bridgelayer. Based on a modified M1A2 SEP MBT chassis, the Wolverine replaces the MBT turret with a bridge fitted atop the chassis. The bridge atop the M104 Wolverine measures 26m in length, and taking just 4 minutes to place across an obstacle securely. The bridge is built to be able to withstand countless crossings of vehicles as heavy as the M1A2 Abrams, which weighs in at around 70 tonnes. Another approach to bridge laying across water is the use of amphibious vehicles which act as combination of pontoon and roadway. These enter the water and join together to form a bridge. An example is the German M3 Amphibious Rig, a bridging vehicle used by Germany, the UK, Singapore, and Taiwan.
Notable AVLBs in service
See also [ edit ]
Hieromartyr Cyril Lucaris or Loukaris (Greek: Κύριλλος Λούκαρις, 13 November 1572 – 27 June 1638), born Constantine Lucaris, was a Greek prelate and theologian, and a native of Candia, Crete (then under the Republic of Venice). He later became the Greek Patriarch of Alexandria as Cyril III and Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople as Cyril I. He is alleged by Calvinists, both of his time and modern, to have strived for a reform of the Eastern Orthodox Church along Protestant and Calvinist lines.[1] Attempts to bring Calvinism into the Orthodox Church were rejected, and Cyril's actions, motivations, and specific viewpoints remain a matter of debate among scholars. However, he is recognized by the Orthodox Church as a hieromartyr and defender of the Orthodox faith against both the Jesuit Catholics and Calvinist Protestants. The official glorification of Hieromartyr Cyril Loukaris took place by decision of the Holy Synod of the Patriarchate of Alexandria on October 6, 2009, and his memory is commemorated on June 27.[2][3]
Life [ edit ]
Cyril Lucaris was born in Candia, Crete on 13 November 1572,[4] when the island was part of the Venetian Republic's maritime empire. In his youth he travelled through Europe, studying at Venice and the University of Padua, and at Geneva where he came under the influence of Calvinism and the Reformed faith. Lucaris pursued theological studies in Venice and Padua, Wittenberg and Geneva where he developed greater antipathy for Roman Catholicism.[5]
While the exact date is unknown, Lucaris was ordained in Constantinople.[6] In 1596 Lucaris was sent to the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth by Meletius Pegas, Patriarch of Alexandria, to lead the Orthodox opposition to the Union of Brest-Litovsk, which proposed a union of Kiev with Rome. For six years Lucaris served as professor of the Orthodox academy in Vilnius (now in Lithuania).[5] In 1601, Lucaris was installed as the Patriarch of Alexandria at the age of twenty-nine. He would continue to hold this office for twenty years, until his elevation to the See of Constantinople. During these years, Lucaris adopted a theology which was heavily influenced by Protestant Reformation doctrine. On September 6, he wrote a letter to Mark Antonio de Dominis, a former Roman Catholic Archbishop, writing:
"There was a time, when we were bewitched, before we understood the very pure Word of God; and although we did not communicate with the Roman Pontiff... we abominated the doctrine of the Reformed Churches, as opposed to the Faith, not knowing in good truth what we abominated. But when it pleased the merciful God to enlighten us, and make us perceive our former error, we began to consider what our future stand should be. And as the role of a good citizen, in the case of any dissension, is to defend the juster cause, I think it all the more to be the duty of a good Christian not to dissimulate his sentiments in matters pertaining to salvation, but to embrace unreservedly that side which is most accordant to the Word of God. What did I do then? Having obtained, through the kindness of friends, some writings of Evangelical theologians, books which have not only been unseen in the East, but due to the influence of the censures of Rome, have not even been heard of, I then invoked earnestly the assistance of the Holy Ghost, and for three years compared the doctrines of the Greek and Latin Churches with that of the Reformed... Leaving the Fathers I took for my only guide the Scriptures and the Analogy of Faith. At length, having been convinced, through the grace of God, that the cause of the Reformers was more correct and more in accord with the doctrine of Christ, I embraced it."[7]
Due to Turkish oppression combined with the proselytization of the Orthodox faithful by Jesuit missionaries, there was a shortage of schools which taught the Orthodox Faith and the Greek language. Roman Catholic schools were set up and Catholic churches were built next to Orthodox ones, and since Orthodox priests were in short supply something had to be done. His first act was to found a theological seminary in Mount Athos, the Athoniada school.
He sponsored Maximos of Gallipoli to produce the first translation of the New Testament in Modern Greek.
Calvinism [ edit ]
Cyril's aim was to reform the Orthodox Church along Calvinistic lines, and to this end he sent many young Greek theologians to the universities of Switzerland, the northern Netherlands and England. In 1629 he published his famous Confessio (Calvinistic doctrine), but as far as possible accommodated to the language and creeds of the Orthodox Church. It appeared the same year in two Latin editions, four French, one German and one English, and in the Eastern Church it started a controversy which brought critics at several synods, in 1638 at Constantinople, in 1642 at the Synod of Jassy, and culminated in 1672 with the convocation by Dositheos, Patriarch of Jerusalem, of the Synod of Jerusalem, by which the Calvinistic doctrines were condemned.[5]
Cyril was also particularly well disposed towards the Church of England, and corresponded with the Archbishops of Canterbury. It was in his time that Metrophanes Kritopoulos — later to become Patriarch of Alexandria (1636–39) — was sent to England to study. Both Lucaris and Kritopoulos were lovers of books and manuscripts, and many of the items in the collections of books and these two Patriarchs acquired manuscripts that today adorn the Patriarchal Library.
In 1629 in Geneva the Eastern Confession of the Christian faith was published in Latin, containing the Calvinist doctrine. In 1633 it was published in Greek. The Council of Constantinople in 1638 anathematized both Cyril and the Eastern Confession of the Christian faith, but the Council of Jerusalem in 1672, specially engaged in the case of Cyril, completely acquitted him, testified that the Council of Constantinople cursed Cyril not because they thought he was the author of the confession, but for the fact that Cyril hadn't written a rebuttal to this essay attributed to him. However, Western scholars continue to insist on the Calvinism of Cyril, referring not only to a confession, but also in his extensive correspondence with Protestant scholars (especially the letters of 1618–20 to the Dutchman's Velgelmu[who?]).
The Orthodox historian Bishop Arseny (Bryantsev) challenged the authenticity of the correspondence and, incidentally, points to the 50 letters of Cyril of Tsar Mikhail Fedorovich and Moscow Patriarch Philaret, stored in a Moscow archive of the main Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the evidence of Cyril's commitment to Orthodoxy, as well as in his 1622 letter in which he speaks of Protestantism as a blasphemous doctrine.[9]
Politics and death [ edit ]
Lucaris was several times temporarily deposed and banished at the instigation of both his Orthodox opponents and the Catholic French and Austrian ambassadors,[5] while he was supported by the Protestant Dutch and English ambassadors to the Ottoman capital. Finally, when the Ottoman Sultan Murad IV was about to set out for the Persian War, the Patriarch was accused of a design to stir up the Cossacks, and to avoid trouble during his absence the Sultan had him strangled[10] by the Janissaries on 27 June 1638 aboard a ship in the Bosporus.[5] His body was thrown into the sea, but it was recovered and buried at a distance from the capital by his friends, and only brought back to Constantinople after many years.[5]
Lucaris was honoured as a saint and martyr shortly after his death, and Saint Eugenios of Aitolia compiled an akolouthia (service) to celebrate his memory.
According to a 1659 letter to Thomas Greaves from Edward Pococke (who, on his book-hunting travels for archbishop William Laud, had met Lucaris) many of the choicest manuscripts from Lucaris' library were saved by the Dutch ambassador who sent them by ship to Holland. Unfortunately, although the ship arrived safely, it sank the next day in a violent storm along with its cargo.[11]
Legacy [ edit ]
Lucaris' position in Eastern Orthodoxy continues to be a matter of debate in the church. Some Orthodox accept the view of most secular historians that he was an advocate of Calvinism. Others say his personal position was distorted by his enemies, and that he remained loyal to Orthodox teachings.
References [ edit ]
General [ edit ]
"Kyrillos III Lucaris (1601–1620)". Greek Orthodox Patriarchate of Alexandria and All Africa .
Specific [ edit ]
Greek authorities on Tuesday sent a group of refugees who illegally entered the country back to Turkey, as part of the readmission agreement signed between the European Union and Turkey.
According to Anadolu Agency (AA), the Greek border patrol sent 70 refugees, including Moroccans, Tunisians and Algerians to the İpsala border in northwestern Turkey. From there the refugees were reportedly transferred to the Edirne Provincial Immigration Directorate.
On Nov. 29, 2015 the European Union and Turkey agreed on a deal that would provide 3 billion euros to Ankara for Syrian refugees. If Ankara fulfills the requirements of the agreement, the EU Commission will propose visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in October 2016.
A total of 308 migrants are expected to be sent back to Turkey, a Greek government source told the Agence France-Presse (AFP) on Tuesday.
Greece, which has been the gateway to Europe for hundreds of thousands of migrants who have been illegally traveling to the country from Turkey since last year, has tried repeatedly to send people back to Turkey under the 2002 bilateral deal.
As cash-strapped Athens struggles to cope with the massive influx, Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras said in an interview with Star TV on Monday: "If there is no cooperation with Turkey, we cannot get substantial results in reducing the migrant influx."
Foreign Minister Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu is set to visit Athens on Friday, three days ahead of an EU-Turkey summit on the crisis in Brussels.
Coast Guard reports huge rise in refugee numbers
The Coast Guard is reporting an annual, 11-fold increase in the number of undocumented migrants discovered in the country's Aegean region.
The Coast Guard discovered nearly 8,500 refugees in operations last month, a number that is 11 times higher than the same time last year, officials told Anadolu Agency (AA) on Tuesday. Many of the migrants were trying to reach Greece using rafts and fiberglass boats.
In addition, Turkish authorities reported that 14,000 refugees were found in the first two months of this year. This is in stark contrast to the same time in 2015, when the Coast Guard discovered 5,535 refugees in January and 753 refugees in February. Thirty-seven people have drowned or died from hypothermia off the Turkish Aegean coast in February.
Turkey's Aegean provinces of Çanakkale, Balıkesir, İzmir, Muğla and Aydın are prime spots for refugees leaving for the EU, as many Greek islands lie within sight of the coast.
Over the past year, hundreds of thousands of people have made the short but perilous journey in a bid to reach Northern and Western Europe in search for a better life.
Of the more than 1.1 million migrants who arrived in the EU last year, more than 850,000 arrived by sea to Greece from Turkey, according to the International Organization for Migration and 805 people died on the Aegean Sea in 2015.
A planned five-story condo development at 198 Valencia Street has been delayed after the Planning Commission found reason to sympathize with popular beer garden Zeitgeist, which sits across the street and which could be very negatively impacted by the shadow cast by the new building. Hoodline reports that commissioners reviewed shadow analyses commissioned by the developer and by Zeitgeist and has sent the developer back to the drawing board to analyze how the shadow impact of the building could be lessened if the building were shorter, even as little as five feet shorter.
We learned of this potential shadow issue last month, and Zeitgeist general manager Gideon Bush told SFist that "we realized the shadow cast by this building will a have a significant impact during what we call our busy season, the months of March through about late November, when we get that late summer that sun Francisco is so well known for." The shadow, the concluded, would likely put a damper on business since it would darken the beer garden in the summer and fall months from about 4:30 p.m. to sunset.
Sternberg Benjamin Architects, who are serving as project sponsors, are being asked to test alternate designs with incremental height differences which will be reviewed at a Planning Commission meeting on February 16.
Regularly named among San Francisco's best bars, Zeitgeist, which opened in 1977 and celebrates its 40th birthday this month, recently won Legacy Business status from the city.
Previously: As Nearby Valencia Development Looms, Zeitgeist Files Review To Protect Beer Garden From Shadow
I was walking around Manhattan on Thursday when I saw a Banana Republic window display that literally stopped me in my tracks.
The blue dress on the left caught my eye first, and then I noticed the pink skirt on the right, and finally the top row of photos. Why . . . they all had princess seams and full skirtsâ€”a boon to the busty woman! I had to stop in and try on at least the blue dress. But when I got inside, there were tons of fit and flare frocks, or as I like to think of them, professional-style skater dresses. So I tried on a whole bunch to report back!
First off, apologies for the terrible photo quality. The dressing rooms were tiny and dark, and all I had with me was my cell phone, no real camera.
Anyhow, first up is the pink skirt in size 8. It fit very strangely, with a weird pouch of bunched up fabric right in the front. Nope!
Next is the blue dress from the window. It was a dream!
Iâ€™m wearing size 8 here. I tried a 6 too, which also fit pretty well since the fabric was a bit stretchy, but I think it was maybe tighter than intended? Iâ€™m not really sure. Readers, does this dress look a bit loose? The 6 was better in the waistband and curved under my breasts more, but it also squished my boobs just a little.
The fabric was heavy, almost like a denim, but unlike denim it was smooth and without texture. It felt quite nice and I adore the print. Check out this closeup:
Gorgeous!
The wide waistband, princess seams, and angled seams near the armpit were really great for a big bust.
I so wanted to just take this dress home with me, but at $140 I am not going to pay full price. Perhaps Iâ€™ll sign up for the Banana Republic email newsletter and wait until thereâ€™s a decent sale. I could see paying up to $100 for this, but not much more. I would also want a second opinion in person as to whether I should get size 6 or 8.
Next is a knit dress with pleated skirt and raglan sleeves in size 8. This one also came in solid magenta pink.
This dress was so soft and comfy. With the simplest bodice of the garments I tried on, it also proved to be the most boob-friendly. Check out these nice, clean princess seams:
I liked this one, but not enough to actually buy it. Itâ€™s also rather more professional than I have use for. Maybe if I get a â€œcorporateâ€ job one day (not likely!).
This next one didnâ€™t much appeal to me on the hanger, but I decided to try it anyways. It looked bigger than the others, so I tried it in 6. I think a 4 might have been even better, but I didnâ€™t really have time to get another.
Once it was on, I actually really liked this dress. The drop waist with flouncy skirt is cute and the print looks less like fussy floral and more like a graphic black and white print. And you know I love a neon detail. This pink piping here is a great way to wear the neon trend without looking immature. However, there is one glaring problemâ€¦
Whatâ€™s with the huge armholes?? Thatâ€™s an inch and a half of my bra sticking out! I would literally have visible side-boob if I werenâ€™t wearing a bra. Usually when thereâ€™s visible bra in the underarm, I just ignore it because itâ€™s mostly covered up when my arms are down. But in this case you can even see it from the front:
Seriously, what the hell? I know Iâ€™ve complained about Pin Up Girl and Heart of Haute making sleeves too tight, but this is just ridiculous. The armholes in the size 8 dresses are significantly smaller than this size 6. These are like body-builder armholes!
Moving on to the last one I tried, here is a nautical-inspired knit frock in size 8. The stripes look more like black in my photos, but I assure you theyâ€™re navy. This also came in solid navy or black suiting fabric.
Again I wonder if a 6 might have been better, but no time to grab another size! I love the flouncy skirt with the stripes going in a slightly different angle than the rest of the dress. Though this dress didnâ€™t have princess seams like all the others, it did have a pair of quite impressive underbust darts:
Once again thereâ€™s a awful lot of bras sticking out, though itâ€™s at least not as bad as the last one. And I bet going down a size would ameliorate the problem somewhat. Iâ€™m certainly going to keep an eye on Bananaâ€™s sales because I wouldnâ€™t mind snatching this one up along with the first blue floral. Just look how great it goes with my new white glasses (yes, I build outfits around my eyeglasses):
I didn't realize I was bisexual until I was about halfway through college. I called myself an ally, and gladly spent my time learning more about the community and how I could fight for justice. During my junior year, I went to an LGBTA conference, and decided to wander into a session about bisexuality. It suddenly hit me that the session was about me.
Even though I had been immersed in gay culture for that past few years, I couldn't shake my conservative upbringing. It had been so easy to assume being gay was a choice because I honestly could choose between the two. Walking out of the session, I wanted to cry at how much my old thought patterns still dictated my life.
This was also just over three years into dating the man that is now my husband. It took me a week to talk to him about my epiphany. Coming out to him was as strange as coming out to myself. I ended up speaking in so many circles that it took another conversation about two months later for him to realize that I was actually trying to come out to him. He had questions. I had questions. The biggest question was if I still wanted to be with him, or if coming out was also me realizing that I wanted more dating experience with other women.
Given my current marital status, it's clear that I decided that I wanted to be with him. Now, almost a year into our marriage, I still don't know how my identity fits into our life.
We have tried to figure out how to not ignore my sexuality. We make jokes about our various crushes in the movies we see. He is supportive of my lady fantasies. We donate to local LGBT organizations, specifically those involved with youth. I've been working to get a GSA network going at the school where I teach. We talk about our gender neutral parenting strategies practically on the daily, just to feel like we'll be ready for it.
I came out to our immediate family and our closest friends about a year after I came out to my husband. But it's not something that really gets brought up. I'm with a man, and we look like a very typical heterosexual couple. But despite being as out as I'll ever be, I feel like a part of me is erased.
The hardest thing is when they forget. I make some offhand remark about how gorgeous Scarlett Johansson is, and they all give me strange looks for a second, before recalling the conversation we had years ago. I knew intellectually that coming out would be a continual process; I just didn't realize how often I'd have to remind people.
I'll probably always feel a little like I somehow "cheated" by marrying a man. I'll always feel like I have no right to complain because of all the privilege my relationship grants. We will always be a work in progress.
In the meantime, I'd ask all of you a little favor for me and all my other bisexual Homies. Don't assume that every couple that “looks” straight is. Bisexual erasure is a real thing, and until we get to a point in our culture where it doesn't matter who you like, we'll always be stuck proving that we belong in the QUILTBAG.
Startups
The technology that DART is focusing on attempts to find a treatment for rare disease like Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy.
Karanveer was like any other child when he was born. As he grew up, he seemed fine. But from a very young age, he began to walk on his toes or the balls of his feet with a waddling gait. He had trouble climbing stairs, getting up from the floor and even running.
When he was about four years old, he was diagnosed with Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD), a Neuro-degenerative disorder.
DMD, a rare disease, occurs only in boys and is a condition where a protein called Dystrophin, which is needed for the proper functioning of the muscles is present in much lower levels than required. And as the boy grows up, muscles continue to degenerate.
In simple terms, it means that the child will be wheelchair-bound for most of his life before he becomes bed ridden.
There is no cure for DMD.
The only way to manage it is through steroids and physiotherapy.
For Karan's father, RS Anand, this was no deterrent. He decided to find a solution to this rare disease and spent several years understanding the pathology of the disorder, the extent of research investment and the mechanisms for optimal care.
His obsession with finding a cure for his son led him to start the Dystrophy Annihilation Research Trust (DART) in 2012. He set up an R&D lab, brought in the necessary equipment and began to try and find a cure for DMD. He roped in Dr. Arun Shastry to lead this research.
Karanveer with his family
There are several trials happening in countries like US, UK and Australia. Some research centres are even running clinical trials. But in India, nothing has been done to treat or find a cure for DMD. India has more than half a million boys suffering from DMD.
The complication with DMD is that being genetic, no two children are the same. Hence the treatment for every child is unique. “A personalized medicine has to be developed for each child, which means extremely high costs, even for research. This is why no one has taken it up,” Arun says.
Introduction to Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy from World Duchenne Awareness Day on Vimeo.
Finding a cure
The technology that DART is focusing on to find a treatment for DMD is called ‘exon skipping'.
DMD is a genetic disorder. A gene is a section of DNA that contains the instructions for the production of one specific protein. Proteins are essential parts of cells and play a role in every process occurring within the cell, as well as having structural or mechanical functions which help maintain the cells' shape. It is estimated that we have about 25,000 different genes
Genes are divided into sections called ‘exons' and ‘introns'. Exons are the sections of DNA that code for the protein. The dystrophin gene is our largest gene - it has 79 exons which are joined together like the pieces of a puzzle.
Imagine a necklace with 79 pearls, and strung together, the necklace – the dystrophin gene – performs the function of producing the vital proteins for our body.
When a boy is afflicted with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, some of the pearls – the exons - go missing. As a result, the entire pearl necklace falls apart, and the dystrophin gene cannot perform its function. This leads to several malfunctions in the body.
How can exon-skipping help?
So how do you mend a pearl necklace with a pearl missing? You tie the two broken ends of the necklace together, and skip the missing pearl. That is the principle used in exon skipping.
The principle of exon skipping is to encourage the cellular machinery to ‘skip over' an exon. Small pieces of DNA called antisense oligonucleotides (AONs) or ‘molecular patches' are used to mask the exon that you want to skip, so that it is ignored during protein production.
The challenge is, for each child's gene, a different exon could be missing. DART takes cells from affected children, tries to find out where exactly the defect is, and patches it up there to restore protein production.
Arun learnt this technique under Australian scientist Steve Wilton, touted to be the pioneer in this field. Once he learnt the technique, DART bought the required equipment, oligonucleotides synthesizer, which produces the required antisense oligonucleotides.
“We have a fully automated process. We just have to feed the sequence in and the required DNA is printed out. We can now design, synthesize and screen the drug and show the proof of concept. We currently have nearly 20 children who have registered with us and we have cell lines from all of them and have done proof of concept in our labs for all those kids,” Arun says.
However, before DART can test out the proof of concept on the children or run clinical trials, it needs to first do required toxicity tests for which it has outsourced it to companies to carry out animal testing of this drug.
But Arun is confident that this will work in treating children with DMD.
“Clinical trials abroad have shown that this can work. We are not reinventing the wheel. We have just taken the same technology being worked on abroad and modified it,” he says.
A similar drug that got approved in the US, Arun says is based on a chemistry which cannot be scaled up in a machine. It has to be handmade, which is very labor-intensive. As a result, the price for this in the US is currently $300,000 per year per child.
However, using technology to produce this drug, DART's target is to make a drug that is at least $10,000 per year per child.
Since the technology developed by DART is just feeding formula and printing the drug out, the machine can make from 1ml to 100 grams, and it takes the same amount of time for both, claims Arun. This makes their drug a lot more scalable.
Dr. Arun Shastry
Another modification done by DART is modifying the chemistry in a way that the drug is targeted directly to the cell. This makes it a lot more effective at a low dosage.
With their drug showing signs of success, DART, being an NGO, makes it complicated for the drug to be commercialized. Hence, in February 2017, Hanugen Therapeutics Private Limited was launched by the members of DART for the commercial production of Antisense Oligonucleotides for the therapy of genetic disorders, especially Rare Diseases.
With toxicity tests currently underway, Hanugen hopes to receive the tests soon, receive required approvals and start clinical trials by the end of this year.
The biggest advantage with the technology that they have built and the equipment being used is that it can be applied to other genetic diseases as well.
Hanugen will eventually also start working on other rare diseases as well.
Not just DMD
There are several other types of dystrophy. Arun says there is scope for exon skipping to work on conditions like Spinal muscular dystrophy as well.
“We have set up a platform. There are other conditions where you can silence the gene as well as for example in cancer or diabetes. There is scope to make at least 10 different drugs using this machine,” says Arun.
The challenge currently for DART or even Hanugen is funding the research. There is a lot to be done, but rare diseases are not given enough attention in the country.
But Arun says this doesn't stop them from finding a cure for these rare diseases. “We see the target and are working towards it. If required, we beg, borrow but we don't stop our work,” Arun says.
What is the best city for lawyers to move to?
Some might quip, “the farthest one away from here.” Bad lawyer jokes aside, attorneys protect rights and seek justice for their clients from coast to coast. The financial burden that attorneys take on to become defenders of the law is huge–the average law school graduate has $84,000 in debt if they go to a public school and more than $122,000 if they go to a private one.
That means lawyers need to carefully consider which market they will choose to launch their career. So, where can a legal professional get the most bang for their buck?
SpareFoot teamed up with Indeed, the world's largest job site by users, to find the ten metro areas with the most job listings for lawyers. Indeed also provided us with the average salary data for lawyers in those markets.
We then ranked those cities by the following factors: job availability, average annual salary, median home price and median annual rent. Finally, we combined the rankings (giving double weight to job availability) to determine an overall ranking.
(Median home prices and annual rent sourced from Zillow.)
Below are the results:
10. Los Angeles, CA
Lawyers in the City of Angeles enjoy year-round sunshine, kale smoothies and occasionally getting B-listers out of a DUI. While LA may rank towards the bottom of our list in terms of average salary and housing affordability, the California lifestyle is a major perk–if you're into movie premieres, yoga and celebrity chefs.
Percent share of top ten (rounded): 7% (Ranked 5th)
Average annual salary: $85,000 (Ranked 8th)
Median home price: $554,100
Salary as a percentage of home price: 15.3% (Ranked 9th)
Median annual rent: $31,560
Rent as a percentage of income: 37.1% (Ranked 9th)
Largest law firms by personnel: Lewis Brisbois Bisgaard & Smith LLP, Gibson Dunn & Crutcher, Sheppard Mullin (source)
If you're considering a move to Los Angeles, check out our Los Angeles Moving Guide.
9. Seattle, WA
Seattle had the lowest share of jobs among the ten cities with the most attorney job listings on Indeed. While it might be more competitive to find a job here, it is more affordable than LA or San Francisco–just don't forget to pack your umbrella.
Percent share of top ten (rounded): 5.2% (Ranked 10th)
Average annual salary: $86,000 (Ranked 7th)
Median home price: $521,400
Salary as a percentage of home price: 16.5% (Ranked 7th)
Median annual rent: $28,752
Rent as a percentage of income: 33.4% (Ranked 8th)
Largest law firms by personnel: Perkins Coie, Davis Wright Tremaine, K&L Gates (source)
If you're considering a move to Seattle, check out our Seattle Moving Guide.
8. San Francisco, CA
Lawyers in San Francisco are the highest paid according to job listings on Indeed, with an average salary of $107,000. The downside is that housing costs will absorb a big chunk of that pay bump, with the city coming in last place on for both measures of housing affordability.
Percent share of top ten (rounded): 7.8% (Ranked 4th)
Average annual salary: $107,000 (Ranked 1st)
Median home price: $806,300
Salary as a percentage of home price: 13.3% (Ranked 10th)
Median annual rent: $52,248
Rent as a percentage of income: 48.8% (Ranked 10th)
Largest law firms by personnel: Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, Fenwick & West, Morrison & Foerster (source)
7. Dallas, TX
Dallas attorneys might not take home as much as most of the other cities on the list, but at least it doesn't cost much to rent or buy a home. The average salary of $81,000 covers 61.5 percent of the median home price. Meanwhile rental rates only take up less than 20 percent of a lawyer's annual salary. Not to mention the BBQ is delicious.
Percent share of top ten (rounded): 5.8% (Ranked 9th)
Average annual salary: $81,000 (Ranked 9th)
Median home price: $131,800
Salary as a percentage of home price: 61.5% (Ranked 2nd)
Median annual rent: $15,444
Rent as a percentage of income: 19.1% (Ranked 3rd)
Largest law firms by personnel: Haynes and Boone, Thompson & Knight, Locke Lord (source)
If you're considering a move to Dallas, check out our Dallas Moving Guide.
6. New York, NY
The Big Apple dominates when it comes to the percent share of openings for lawyers–positions at New York law firms took up more than 29 percent of the total job listings in cities on our list. The pay is pretty good too, coming in 4th place at $96,000 a year on average. Rents are also more affordable than half the cities on our list. You might have to cross the tunnel into New Jersey for the cheapest rent, which might lead some to say “fuggedaboutit.”
Percent share of top ten (rounded): 29.4% (Ranked 1st)
Average annual salary: $96,000 (Ranked 4th)
Median home price: $599,900
Salary as a percentage of home price: 16% (Ranked 8th)
Median annual rent: $27,540
Rent as a percentage of income: 28.7% (Ranked 5th)
Major law firms: DLA Piper, Jones Day, Dentons
5. Washington, DC
The nation's capital ranked high on our list for job availability, which should come as no surprise if you have any idea how our government works. D.C. lawyers make good money too, tying for third place with the number one city on our list. However, housing is a bit pricier in the metro area compared to others, especially if you plan to rent.
Percent share of top ten (rounded): 12.8% (Ranked 2nd)
Average annual salary: $99,000 (Ranked 3rd *tie*)
Median home price: $500,300
Salary as a percentage of home price: 19.8% (Ranked 6th)
Median annual rent: $30,300
Rent as a percentage of income: 30.6% (Ranked 7th)
Largest law firms by personnel: Covington & Burling, Hogan Lovells U.S., Arnold & Porter (source)
4. Boston, MA
Bean Town lawyers make an average annual salary of $100,000, according to job listings on Indeed. That's the second best among other cities on the list, which is wicked good. A median priced home in this market will only take up a fifth of the average income, which is another plus.
Percent share of top ten (rounded): 6.9% (Ranked 6th)
Average annual salary: $100,000 (Ranked 2nd)
Median home price: $468,000
Salary as a percentage of home price: 19.8% (Ranked 5th)
Median annual rent: $30,036
Rent as a percentage of income: 30% (Ranked 6th)
Largest law firms by personnel: Ropes & Gray, Goodwin Procter, WilmerHale (source)
3. Chicago, IL
Chicago does quite well, ranking in the top five on all factors. The Windy City accounted for 12.5 percent of job openings among the cities on our list. Chicago came in fourth place for both home affordability and rental affordability. That makes Chicago a good choice for budget-conscious lawyers, whether you plan on busting unions or defending them.
Percent share of top ten (rounded): 12.5% (Ranked 3rd)
Average annual salary: $95,000 (Ranked 5th)
Median home price: $200,200
Salary as a percentage of home price: 47.5% (Ranked 4th)
Median annual rent: $19,920
Rent as a percentage of income: 21% (Ranked 4th)
Largest law firms by personnel: Kirkland & Ellis, Sidley Austin, Mayer Brown (source)
2. Houston, TX
Similar to Dallas, Houston's big draw is affordability. Houston ranks higher on our list than its Texas neighbor thanks to its higher average pay and job availability. Yet another shot fired in the longstanding rivalry between these two metropolises.
Percent share of top ten (rounded): 6.1% (Ranked 8th)
Average annual salary: $90,000 (Ranked 6th)
Median home price: $141,300
Salary as a percentage of home price: 63.7% (Ranked 3rd)
Median annual rent: $16,932
Rent as a percentage of income: 18.8% (Ranked 2nd)
Largest law firms by personnel: Vinson & Elkins, Norton Rose Fulbright, Andrews Kurth (source)
If you're considering a move to Houston, check out our Houston Moving Guide.
1. Atlanta, GA
I hope you like your waffles with fried chicken and your tea with heaping spoonfuls of sugar. Atlanta topped our list thanks to having a strong average salary for lawyers coupled with the most affordable rental rates relative to the others on our list.
Percent share of top ten (rounded): 6.6% (Ranked 5th)
Average annual salary: $99,000 (Ranked 3rd *tie*)
Median home price: $179,000
Salary as a percentage of home price: 55.3% (Ranked 3rd)
Median annual rent: $16,728
Rent as a percentage of income: 16.9% (Ranked 1st)
Largest law firms by personnel: King & Spalding, Alston & Bird, Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton (source)
If you've held off on jumping on the PlayStation VR bandwagon until now with the impending release of Superhot VR, you've missed out on some particularly excellent releases exclusive to PlayStation's stab at virtual reality. Since its debut, PlayStation VR has welcomed several twitch-based shooters, rhythm games and other experiences that channel the raucous nature of Superhot VR, which launches on July 19.
If you're looking for something that feels as exhilarating in the realm of VR and you haven't shelled out the cash for a Vive or Oculus Rift PC setup just yet, you might consider trying one of these five games for some fast and furious action that'll have you ready to pick off fools while time has stopped. Or it'll leave you with a virtual reality addiction that can't be sated. Either way.
Thumper
Thumper is a shooter on rails, but it certainly doesn't feel that way. It requires razor-sharp reflexes and quick response times, because otherwise you're going to be extremely frustrated while playing. You control a chrome beetle-like being zipping to and fro on a track that seems as though it stretches out forever. There are walls, spikes, and other obstacles to avoid before the end of the area, during which you'll have to confront bosses by slinging powerful energy at them. It's all set to a thumping bass soundtrack, and playing in VR is decidedly terrifying, because the danger feels so much more immediate. It feels nearly like being in the cockpit of a fast-moving vehicle headed for a crash, so when you do hit a wall, it completely shatters you. It's very much worth picking up for that reason alone.
SuperHyperCube
This neon-hued puzzler has you scrambling to match the silhouettes of shapes as they fly toward a gap. It may sound simplistic and silly, but that's before you've actually sat down and had a turn with it. There's twitch precision required if you're going to conquer even the smaller shapes' puzzles, and as you barrel toward them in first-person view thanks to PlayStation VR, there's a real sense of urgency that keeps pushing you forward. Failure isn't particularly annoying, as it only has you coming back for more each time you crash. Seeing it all up close is only the cherry on top.
Until Dawn: Rush of Blood
Okay, so this one's more tinged with regular, run-of-the-mill horror scenes, but if you're interested in shooter mechanics and target practice, this is one of the best that PlayStation VR has to offer. It may not have the same level of tension as the original (excellent) Until Dawn game, but it's got its own share of spooky jump scares and deliciously nightmarish imagery with opportunities aplenty to shoot at the crazies. It's legitimately terrifying sometimes, too.
Rez Infinite
A VR remake of one of the greatest rail shooters of all time, Rez Infinite includes a VR mode and even a brand-new area that's unlocked upon completion of the game. It's one thing to experience the genius of Tetsuya Mizuguchi's rhythm shooter in its normal state, but being able to look around in the game world with your VR headset adds another completely new element, especially in boss battles where you're literally being chased by enormous beings and having to outrun them as well. You've never tripped so efficiently in Rez, and its VR iteration is one of the best games in VR period, let alone for PlayStation's system.
Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes
While this is less similar to the other games on this list, it still serves up an air of immediacy that Superhot VR also possesses. You'll want to play this with others, especially since one person has to wear the VR headset and the other has to read over a special manual to help instruct the other how to defuse a bomb that's ticking down. There's only one problem. You have to communicate effectively and expertly describe what you see in VR to the person with the manual. That's easier said than done, but it's oh-so-much fun to attempt.
Consider supporting us on Patreon so we can continue providing quality tokusatsu news coverage.
Just in case you missed it for the past decade, like, 20 tokusatsu actors were cast in this TV drama based on some manga.
Announced at some point, the live-action TV drama for Hana Kimi has cast several notable tokusatsu actors. The really long cast-list includes:
Shun Oguri as the really good-looking one
Toma Ikuta as the loveable goofball, who's also really good-looking
Mizushima Hiro, known for playing grandma's boy in Kamen Rider Kabuto, as the leader of the handsome boys
Yusuke Yamamoto, known for playing the white suit dude in Kamen Rider Kabuto, as the weird guy who can see Takeru from Kamen Rider Ghost
Masaki Okada as the track team captain hot pants
Ryo Kimura, known for playing Extremer (yes, that's the real name) in some Kamen Rider Ghost movie, as the guy with the cutest crush on Tendou
Takaya Kamikawa as the only guy that knows what's really going on
Yuma Ishigaki, known for playing that guy with the cool lazer sword in that Space Sherrif Gavan movie, as the ka-ra-te master
Nobuo Kyo as the guy in gold
Yuu Shirota as the tsundere younger brother
Takashi Ukaji, known for playing the cake boss in Kamen Rider OOO, as the guy who disappointingly never sings Happy Birthday not even once
Junpei Mizobata, known for playing that red guy in the Hurricane Polymar movie, as the guy who really really likes soccer
Shunji Igarashi, known for playing an Ultraman dressed like a handsome guy in Ultraman Mebius, as the guy who's afraid of Takeru from Kamen Rider Ghost
Ikeda Junya, known for playing a showy silver kid in Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger, as the only reason I watched this drama
Hiromi Sakimoto, known for playing the guy who ate that questionable fruit in Kamen Rider Gaim, as the guy who looks really good in powder blue
Mitsuomi Takahashi, known for playing a hot-blooded oblivious leader in GoGo Sentai Boukenger, as I don't know because this cast list is so long it's hard to wiki obscure characters now
Kohei Takeda, known for playing the better Kurenai in Kamen Rider Kiva, as the guy who doesn't play violin at all
Keisuke Kato, known for playing the other guy still better than Wateru in Kamen Rider Kiva, as another side character I can't remember
Ryohei Suzuki, known for playing that pervert in the Hentai Kamen movie, as…you know what, I'm giving up on finding these characters that showed up for a like a couple episodes
And several other really good-looking actors that would take way too long to list out
The story of Hana Kimi focuses on … you know what, just look it up.
Hana Kimi will premiere in 2007.
Source: AsianWiki
Trump more trusted than own lying eyes.
“Better to get your news directly from the president,” Republican congressman Lamar Smith said last month. “In fact, it might be the only way to get the unvarnished truth.”
You may call that sentiment Orwellian, but nine out of ten Republicans would call it common sense: A new poll from Emerson College finds 90 percent of Republicans believe that the Trump administration is “truthful” — while less than 10 percent say the same about the news media.
By contrast, 77 percent of Democrats believe the Trump White House is “untruthful,” while 69 percent think the news media generally tells the truth. Independents tend to think they're all a bunch of liars, with 52 percent calling the administration untruthful and 47 percent calling the media the same.
Republicans' nearly unanimous trust in the Trump White House — and contempt for the Fourth Estate — means that, on the whole, voters have more faith in the president: Forty-nine percent call the Trump administration truthful, 48 percent say the opposite; for the media, those numbers are 39 and 53, respectively.
Ultimately, these results are probably more dismaying for journalists than they are encouraging for Trump. Overwhelming trust from self-identified Republicans is nice, but majority distrust from independents is not.
Trump would not have won in November without the support of voters who said they didn't like him. Nothing in Emerson's poll — or in the latest Gallup survey — suggests Trump is broadening his base of support. Maybe being less hated than the other candidate will work again in 2020. But that's not the kind of support most presidents would want to count on.
Fears of weeks of tension as results point to a run-off between the Muslim Brotherhood candidate and a former general
Egypt looks set for weeks of tension and uncertainty after the first round of its landmark presidential election produced a runoff between the candidate backed by the powerful Muslim Brotherhood and a former general who is seen as a hangover from the regime of the deposed Hosni Mubarak.
In what many described as a "nightmare scenario" that will mean a polarised and possibly violent second round, Mohammed Morsi of the Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party polled around 26% in the two-day first round. Ahmed Shafiq, Mubarak's last prime minister, came second with 23% when 90% of the votes had been counted.
Amr Moussa, the former head of the Arab League, who tried to capture the centre ground, was knocked out. Late on Friday there was only a slight chance that the final picture would change when votes for Cairo and Giza were in.
Turnout was said to be around 40% of the 51m-strong electorate. Official results are yet to be published but a combination of exit polls, centrally collected data and reporting by the candidates appeared to confirm a dramatic runoff that many supporters of the revolution consider a catastrophic outcome. "It feels as if the revolution never took place," lamented a despondent George Ishaq, a founder of the leftwing Kifaya Party.
"The Brotherhood are despotic and fanatical and Shafiq is the choice of Mubarak. It is a very bad result. The revolution is not part of this contest."
Analysts predict a bare-knuckle race over the next three weeks with the Brotherhood mobilising its well-oiled machine to get the vote out for Morsi while the army and police are likely to support Shafiq – despite their official neutrality. On Friday the Brotherhood quickly launched an attack on Shafiq as a "fuloul" (remnant) of the old regime who was "climbing to power over the corpses of the martyrs of the revolution".
Shafiq told his supporters: "To the generous people of Egypt, justice is the rule of law."
Hisham Kassem, a publisher who had backed Moussa, said: "It's a disaster. Shafiq will try to restore the Mubarak regime. And my trust of the Brotherhood is minus zero."
Other liberals retreated into black humour. "All it takes now is for Mubarak to be released and be made vice president," one tweeted. "This is not the second republic," said another, "it's a stillborn deformity".
Zeinobia, a prominent blogger, compared the outcome to the humiliating defeat of Egypt and the other Arab states by Israel in the 1967 Middle East war. In an already tense atmosphere, there could well be serious unrest if, as some predict, Mubarak is acquitted on charges of corruption and illegal killings next month.
Assessments are divided over the likely final outcome on 16 and 17 June. Egypt's Coptic Christians will rally round Shafiq because of their visceral dislike of Islamists. Supporters of Moussa will do the same. Morsi can expect to get the votes of some who backed Hamdeen Sabbahi, the independent Nasserist candidate. But not all: "How many showers do you need to wash away a vote for the Brotherhood?" asked one progressive who refuses to back Shafiq at any price.
Hani Shukrallah, the veteran Al-Ahram journalist, called for unity. "Instead of debating the prospect of supporting one repulsive candidate or another," he wrote, "let's begin the task of putting revolutionary house in order." Morsi will also get the support of many of those who voted for Abdel-Moneim Abul Fotouh, a Brotherhood renegade and independent Islamist who, along with Moussa, had been a front-runner in recent polls. But large-scale abstentions are also likely.
"If you put the figures together it looks like Shafiq will win," said Kassem. But other analysts warned that it is always a mistake to under-estimate the Brotherhood as some did after apparent signs in recent weeks that Morsi's star was waning.
The Brotherhood already dominates Egypt's parliament, where its MPs have performed badly. It also stands accused of trying to pack the body writing a new constitution and reneging on a pledge not to compete for the presidency.
Morsi has promised a "renaissance" that will curb Mubarak-era corruption and improve the country's dilapidated infrastructure but also introduce a greater degree of rule by Islamic law. After suffering decades of repression and playing cat and mouse with the Egyptian government, the world's oldest Islamist movement senses its hour has come.
"I think we are on the verge of a new era," said the Brotherhood's Essam el-Erian. "We trusted God, we trusted in the people, we trusted in our party." Its success is part of a regional trend that has seen Islamist parties thrive as autocratic regimes, in Tunisia and Libya as well as Egypt, have fallen in the Arab spring.
Israel fears that Islamist rule in Egypt could threaten the 1979 peace treaty, which is the linchpin of US policy in the Middle East. Morsi advocates a "review" but will not scrap it. Shafiq has vowed to uphold it. Shafiq's strong performance reflected widespread worries about crime and insecurity and a yearning for stability, improvements to the economy and public services.
"Polarisation is the main characteristic of Egyptian society," said a former Liberal MP. "Shafiq did much better than Moussa because all his discourse centred on security whereas Moussa talked about economic development. But the first concern is law and order."
JERUSALEM, May 3 (UPI) -- Israeli air force reservists are sharpening their missile defense system skills amid fears of a long-rang missile attack from Iran, a military official said.
The Jerusalem Post reported Sunday that the reservists who operate the Arrow and Patriot missile defense systems are spending one day a week on duty.
Israeli air force Brig. Gen. Daniel Milo decided last year to call up the reservists, the newspaper reported. Before Milo's order, only reservist pilots were called up for one day of reserve duty a week.
"We are working hard to be ready for the Iranian threat," an unidentified senior officer was quoted by the newspaper as saying. "We are preparing for barrages, split warheads and other surprises and therefore we need to retain a high operational level by everyone, including reservists."
GLENDALE, AZ - The Arizona Coyotes will host a special ceremony this season to raise banners honoring three very important salary caps hits in team history.
Center Pavel Datsyuk, center Dave Bolland and defenseman Chris Pronger will have their cap numbers raised together to the roof of Gila River Arena this Winter, commemorating the team's dedication to paying all three players to not play for them. The veterans represent almost $29 million in combined dead cap space with exactly zero games played for the franchise.
"These three great players are what the Coyotes organization is all about," said general manager John Chayka. "After fantastic careers bringing championship glory to other teams, they now bring salary floor stability to Arizona. Hoisting their cap hits to the rafters ensures no one will ever forget the very useful financial obligations they created for this team."
The triple banner-raising ceremony will be held at a home game on January 7th against the New York Islanders. The first 10,000 fans in attendance will receive either replica Pronger or Bolland medical records or a poster of Datsyuk playing with his current team, SKA St. Petersburg of the KHL.
Added in separate deals over the course of a little more than a year, their combined cap hits kept the team above the salary cap floor and away from any league sanctions, allowing their young core of prospects to grow and mature even to this day.
Pronger was acquired with defenseman Niklas Grossman from Philadelphia in July of 2015 for forward Sam Gagner and a conditional draft pick. A former Hart Trophy winner as NHL MVP and already a Hall of Famer, the intimidating Pronger immediately brought leadership, a $4.9 million cap hit and an inability to ever play again due to concussions to the rebuilding Coyotes.
Datsyuk was traded to Arizona by the Detroit Red Wings at the 2016 NHL draft in a swap of first round picks and other assets. Known at the time to be leaving the NHL for his native Russia, his $7.5 million cap hit makes the three-time Selke Trophy winner and two-time Stanley Cup champion the Coyotes' highest paid player even as he continues to skate 5,641 miles away.
The final piece of the puzzle was Bolland, who was sent this week to Arizona with prospect Lawson Crouse by the Florida Panthers for a couple of conditional whothehellcares to be named later. With the Panthers a division champion that want to spend his $5.5 million cap hit elsewhere, the perpetually injured Bolland became free to complete the Coyotes' Holy Trinity of Dead Cap Space. Unlike Pronger and Datsyuk, Bolland will remain on the Coyotes' books beyond this season.
"Like ‘The French Connection' in Buffalo or ‘The Production Line' in Detroit, these three players will forever be linked as iconic teammates," Chayka said. "They may not have ever actually suited up for the Coyotes, but without them, there's no telling where we would would be today.
"I mean that literally. I actually have no idea where we're going to play next season. But at least for this one, we'll be cap compliant. Phew."
___
This is obviously totally fake. And before you say it, yes, the Islanders have had herded more Cap Mules in the last few seasons than the Coyotes have had playoff appearances. I've been here.
The humpback's scientific name, Megaptera novaeangliae, literally means "big-winged New Englander." They can use their "big wings" to maneuver backwards, though they have no beeping sound to warn other animals that they're putting it in reverse.
The world is ending and only the whales know. At least, that's one explanation. Humpback whales are normally pretty solitary—scientists used to call groups of 10 to 20 “large.” Now they're congregating in groups of 20 to 200 off the coast of South Africa. Something is definitely going on here, but so far experts are stumped.
In fact, Humpback whales aren't supposed to be hanging out in that region in the first place. Humpbacks migrate up to tropical waters to breed, but they typically feed down south in the icy waters of Antarctica this time of year. Yet scientific expeditions keep seeing these super-pods (not to be confused with super PACs, which are equally giant but much more dangerous), which were finally compiled and published at the beginning of March in the journal PLOSone. The researchers have a few ideas about why the humpbacks are organizing, but no clear answers yet. So far the consensus seems to be: this is pretty freakin' weird.
Most of the whales seem to be young, begging the question of whether the western coast of South Africa is like the humpback version of the local mall for tween whales. They're just looking for a fishy Orange Julius, or perhaps a krill-based Panda Express to hang out at on a Saturday afternoon. Because it's not like 200 whales—each weighing about 65,000 pounds—can feed just anywhere.
Congregations of whales usually indicate parts of the ocean that are especially productive. There has to be a dense concentration of prey to support that many humpbacks. And yes, the word “prey” might sound strange for a species known for singing songs and being friendly to other mammals. Lest we forget, humpback whales do hunt for their food. They're not vegetarians. They eat everything from krill to plankton to small fish, regardless of whether they speak whale. They even have a specialized way of hunting where they gang up on schools of fish to try to eat them all at once. It's called bubble net feeding. The humpbacks divide up, some swirling around a group of fish and some blowing air, such that the circling whales can drive their victims into a net made of bubbles. This confuses the fish, trapping them inside, until one whale sounds the call and they all rush in, mouths agape, swimming upwards through the teeming mass of fish.
Since they spend a lot of time alone, humpbacks can perform a similar maneuver on their own. And some humpbacks don't even know how to bubble net feed. It's not intrinsic—it's a learned behavior. Some pods know how to do it and some don't. Dolphins have a similar hunting pattern where they squeeze groups of fish into a small area, then take turns darting through to feed. And hey, humpbacks have been known to swim around and interact with bottlenose dolphins, so maybe there's some big information exchange going on in the seas that we're unaware of.
Opponents and supporters of Donald Trump confront each other outside the Infinity Event Center in Salt Lake City, Utah, where Trump spoke at a campaign rally in March. (George Frey/Getty Images File Photo)
President Barack Obama fell just short of 25 percent of the vote in Utah in the 2012 presidential election, but Donald Trump can't take the Beehive State for granted this November.
A June 2-8 poll by SurveyUSA for The Salt Lake Tribune showed Trump and Clinton tied at 35 percent, with Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson at 13 percent. It's wise to avoid drastic conclusions based on a single poll (and an automated one at that), but there are other reasons for Trump to be concerned.
Trump starts from a weak position after receiving just 14 percent of the vote in the state's March 22 Republican presidential caucus (Texas Sen. Ted Cruz won with 69 percent) and there appears to be a fundamental disconnect between the Manhattan real estate mogul and Mormon voters, as explained by Buzzfeed's McKay Coppins in a June 13 New York Times piece, “Donald Trump's Mormon Problem. ”
[ Roll Call's 2016 Election Guide ]
But even though Mormon voters (who make up approximately 60 percent of the electorate) aren't embracing Trump, Democrats need Johnson, a former GOP governor of New Mexico, to do well and lower the threshold necessary for a Clinton victory. Adam Wollner wrote about the dynamic in his recent piece, "Trump Faces Headwinds in Utah ," for the National Journal.
Wealthy businessman Ross Perot received 27 percent in 1992 (when he finished ahead of Bill Clinton's 25 percent) and 10 percent in 1996, but third-party candidates have barely registered since. Johnson received 1.23 percent in 2012 and conservative third-party candidates haven't combined for more than 2 percent since 2000.
[ Rating Change: Utah GOP Congresswoman Less Safe for Re-Election ]
Clinton could also have to contend with lingering resentment over her husband's 1996 decision to set aside 1.8 million acres of land in southern Utah for a national monument (and making the announcement in Arizona).
Utah's six electoral votes are not on the verge of falling into Democratic hands. The last Democratic presidential nominee to win the state was President Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964.
But Trump has some deep-seated issues that can't be ignored. We're changing the Rothenberg & Gonzales Political Report/Roll Call rating from Safe Republican to Republican Favored .
Get breaking news alerts and more from Roll Call on your iPhone or your Android.
When users go to the search engine's home page they are greeted to an illustration which has been designed in celebration a day before what would have been the singer-songwriter's milestone.
Clicking on the logo it links to a 32 second track, which plays his popular song Imagine.
As it plays the logo generates different pictures including that of a butterfly and flower before turning back to a black and white version of the Google name. Users can then click through to the YouTube version of it.
Lennon was born in Liverpool on October 9 1940 and became one of the most famous musicians together with the other three members of the Beatles. After they split he developed a successful solo career.
He was shot dead by Mark David Chapman outside the New York apartment building where he and his wife Yoko Ono lived on the night of December 8, 1980.
Chapman, 55, has been in jail since shooting Lennon outside the Dakota apartment building in Manhattan in front of his wife.
If he was alive Lennon would be celebrating his 70th birthday on Saturday.
His anniversary is set to be commemorated by his widow, whom he married in 1969, on Saturday with a series of events in Iceland.
The artist and peace campaigner will round off her the celebration of the former Beatle with a performance by the Yoko Ono Plastic Ono Band.
She will also be presenting awards to figures chosen for their contribution to world peace with a biennial award created in 2002.
Earlier this week it was disclosed that a set of John Lennon's fingerprints seized by the FBI, is to be auctioned for at least $100,000 (£63,000) 30 years after the singer's death.
He was investigated by the FBI in the early 1970s for anti-war activity.
Friday's design is perhaps Google's most ambitious interactive doodle to date.
It launched its first fully-interactive Doodle in May to celebrate the 30th birthday of Pac-Man. The graphic allowed the Pac-Man character to be moved using the arrow keys on the keyboard.
It was later claimed that the Pac-Man Doodle led to almost five million wasted hours and cost the economy around $120 million dollars, with office workers unable to tear themselves away from the rudimentary computer game.
Over the past 12 years Google has created more than 900 Doodles to mark various birthdays, anniversaries and major world events.
Last year a series of Doodles showing UFOs and crop circles caused lengthy speculation before it was revealed that they were celebrating the birthday of HG Wells, the science fiction author.
The Gothic novelist Mary Shelly was honoured on the 213th anniversary of her birth with what was described by some bloggers as "the creepiest Doodle ever".
Most recently, Google celebrated its own 12th birthday with an image of a birthday cake.
The 50th anniversary of The Flintstones was celebrated by the search engine giant.
The first Google Doodle was born in 1998 when the search engine's founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page replaced the logo with a picture of a Burning Man, to notify the world that they had gone on holiday to the Burning Man Festival.
Buy 'The Beatles Box Set' from Amazon.co.uk (UK)
Buy 'The Beatles Box Set' from Amazon.com (US)
Donald Trump threatened to send US troops to Mexico to deal with "bad hombres down there" in a call with President Enrique Peña Nieto, according to a partial transcript of the call seen by the Associated Press.
Mr Trump used similar rhetoric while campaigning for the presidency, but such a warning in a call with an allied world leader would mark an extraordinary departure from decorum, in addition to the obvious violation of Mexico's sovereignty that enforcing it would entail.
"You have a bunch of bad hombres down there," Mr Trump told Mr Pena Nieto, according to the excerpt. "You aren't doing enough to stop them. I think your military is scared. Our military isn't, so I just might send them down to take care of it."
The White House and the Mexican foreign ministry both denied that Mr Trump made the threat.
The Mexican website Aristegui Noticias on Tuesday published a similar account of the phone call, based on the reporting of journalist Dolia Estevez. The report described Mr Trump as humiliating Mr Pena Nieto in a confrontational conversation.
The Hyundai A-League is LIVE on Fridays 7.30pm (AEDT) on SBS ONE, SBS HD and online.
6. ROLY BONEVACIA
The Wellington Phoenix recruit has been a star for years on Football Manager. Worth setting the VCR to 'record' to see what the Dutch flyer can do against Perth Glory.
5. THESE GUYS
Versus these guys
One group claims to be the pride of the league. The other wants to take its title...
Watch it unfold LIVE on SBS ONE and streamed online from 7.30pm Friday 10 October.
4. VANISHING SPRAY
The most keenly-anticipated debut since this bloke:
3. DAVID VILLA
Lets just hope he starts for Melbourne City against Sydney FC.
2. REFEREES
Like mozzies in summer, a talking point that just would not go away last season. They hold the whistle and the power. Speaking of power.
1. BESART BERISHA
People are already trying to find the 'new Berisha'. We reckon the old one is still worth watching. Albeit in a different set of colours.
○ Chinese veterans of the 1962 Sino-Indian war recollect details of the war and pledge to go to the battlefield again if needed
○ The commemoration of China's victory in the 1962 war has been kept low-key out of care for India's feelings
○ Beijing proved to the world its promise of peaceful rise by announcing unilateral cease-fire and withdrawal in the war, but many Chinese think the retreat left some parts of Chinese territory back to India's control
Chinese soldiers guard a China-India border crossing at Nathu La Pass. Photo: CFP
India's trespass into Chinese territory has angered many veterans in China who fought the war on the Sino-Indian border 55 years ago.
They have vowed to send their children to the battle field if another war is needed.
"India's intrusion and denial to withdraw has set off a wave of anger among us. When we heard that the army unit where we used to serve has been recently dispatched to Tibet, we felt excited," Chen Qungeng, director of the 1962 border war veterans association in Shaanxi Province, told the Global Times.
"If needed, we are willing to send our sons and grandsons to the frontline," pledged the 73-year-old man in Xi'an, who was an anti-aircraft gun soldier during the war.
In mid-June, Indian troops crossed the Sikkim section of the China-India border and attempted to interrupt a road construction in the Doklam area in Yadong county of Southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region. Despite repeated protests by Beijing, New Delhi enhanced troop deployment and continued a face-off with Chinese troops.
"Recently, I have received lots of calls from old comrade-in-arms. We are all very concerned about the border confrontation," Chen said. "We are soldiers. If diplomacy can't settle, we support use of force."
"We destroyed their elite troop decades ago, so can we now," said Han Xuerun, 77, who served as a clerk in a chemical defense company during the war and authored War on the Roof of the World, a documentary novel about the war, in 1995.
According to Chen, the veterans are planning activities to mark the 55th anniversary of the war. Previously, they always kept low-profile. This year, they want to be different.
PLA troops in trucks head to Tibet. Photo: Courtesy of Ye Hongliang
Breaking silence
The China-India territorial disputes started in 1914, when British India and a bunch of Tibetan representatives unilaterally signed the illegal Simla Accord and created the McMahon Line, a line the Chinese government has never accepted. When India won independence in 1947 and established diplomatic relations with China in 1950, it continued to assert the McMahon Line as the border.
On October 20, 1962, China launched a counterattack on the Sino-Indian border after India increased military provocations in the region and attempted to gain territory by force, according to Neville Maxwell, an Australian journalist who covered the 1962 China-India border war.
At first the then Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru was convinced that his army with the backing of the US and the Soviets would be invincible against the Chinese troops. However, the People's Liberation Army (PLA) broke India's offense and destroyed its forces within a month.
"We crossed the McMahon Line and advanced deep into the plains like Tawang town near the actual control lines. The enemies fled in all directions," Ye Hongliang, 76, a PLA medic in the war, recalled in an interview with the Global Times.
However, in a shocking move, Beijing suddenly called a unilateral cease-fire on November 21, 1962 and ordered its troops to retreat to their previous positions 20 kilometers behind the line of actual control.
According to the statistics provided by Chen, which he said he had obtained from an internal book on the war published by Military Science Publishing House, 4,885 Indian soldiers were killed and 3,968 were captured in the war. On the Chinese side, the death toll was 722 and none were captured.
But there are few official reports about the triumph either in writing or videos, largely out of concerns that it might affect the bilateral ties that began to improve after 1976, according to Fang Zhenjun, a researcher from the China Institute of Cyberspace Strategy.
"For years, the war was scarcely mentioned in the Chinese government statements, official news reports or textbooks; neither has the government held any public commemorative activities," Fang wrote in a commentary.
The veterans say they are disappointed that many young people know nothing about the war.
"Once when I talked about my identity as the 1962 war veteran to some young civil servants, they were surprised, saying they never knew there was a war between India and China, except that a monk went to India to get Buddhist scriptures," Chen said.
"But now that the Indian side has raked up the war, it should serve as a wake-up call for breaking the silence and commemorating the war openly," Fang noted.
On June 30, India's Defense Minister Arun Jaitley said that India is not what it was in 1962.
Fang suggests China officially commemorate the war. "Memory will not sow seeds of hatred, but will trigger reflection on how to build long-term neighborly relations," he wrote.
Indian troops retreat after hearing that the PLA soldiers are approaching. Photo: Courtesy of Ye Hongliang
Recollecting the battle
Han, a consultant to the veterans association, told the Global Times that he has just finished the script for 40 episodes of a TV series about that war. "Overcoming bitter cold, low oxygen level and poor armaments, we triumphed over the Indian troops. The patriotism, heroism and spirit of sacrifice deserved to be passed on," Han noted.
Chen said his unit, the 55th Division which was a major force in suppressing the 1959 Tibet revolt, received an emergency call on a day in October 1962 when they were harvesting highland barley near the Qinghai Lake. They immediately rushed back to their camp on the outskirts of Xining and set for the frontline in Tibet that very night after stocking sufficient food and arms.
To prevent frostbite and get warm, they got off the trucks every two hours and ran for about 20 minutes. Nearly all adults in Tibet were mobilized to build roads. Still, due to poor vehicle and road conditions, they spent nearly half month to reach the border area, he recalled.
On many occasions, they had to walk and carry cannons on their shoulders to cross the ice-capped mountains at high altitude.
"While encircling the Indian troops, two soldiers in my company died in one day from emphysema due to oxygen deficit," Ye recalled.
He felt the Indian troops' arms were superior to theirs. "Most weapons we used were from the Korean War and even War of Liberation. But India had weapons provided by Britain and Soviets," Ye said.
"For instance, we used non-automatic rifles, while their rifles were semi-automatic or automatic; our cannons were carried on shoulders, theirs were on jeeps; their officers had sleeping bags, soldiers had woolen blankets while we only had wadded cushions; they ate canned meat and vegetables, while we ate fried wheat flour," he cited.
Nevertheless, India suffered a crushing defeat. "We were young. Many Indian soldiers were middle-aged. We had firm faith in safeguarding the country and would hold the field till the last one. They were mercenary and were free to flee the field," Ye said.
Obeying the central order, they treated Indian prisoners well. "We tried to attend to their needs first, such as food and even cigarettes, even when we were short of materials. Special condolences were also held for them," Han recalled.
The prisoners were all released to India, together with all the captured weapons and vehicles after being cleaned up, mended and fueled by Chinese soldiers, according to the veterans.
Ye Hongliang, 76, served as a medic in the 1962 China-India border war. Photo: Courtesy of Ye Hongliang
Victory or defeat
However, the Indian politicians didn't recognize the Chinese goodwill and still take the cease-fire as a "humiliation."
In early June, India's Army Chief General Bipin Rawat said that India was ready for a two-and-a-half front war (against Pakistan, China and domestic extremists).
The veterans believe that China is fearless to fight another border war in self-defense, since China's transportation in Tibet and military strengths have both greatly improved.
But many Chinese regret China's initiative to retreat and reckon that China failed to benefit from the victory in the 1962 war.
"After the retreat of the Chinese army, the Indian troops advanced. They not only took the disputed areas in the south of the McMahon Line under their control, but also encroached upon the areas up north," Jin Hui, an army writer, lamented in his book The Charm of Tibet's Medog published in 1995.
In February 1987, Indian authorities declared the founding of the so-called Arunachal Pradesh and declared some 60,000 square kilometers of Chinese territory in southern Tibet under their control.
Han said many soldiers at that time were not resigned to retreat. "The officers had to do ideological work from stage to stage. In the end, we withdrew. We listened to Chairman Mao: we had achieved what we wanted and forced them back to the negotiation table," he explained.
Both Chen and Ye also explained that the insufficient food and materials could hardly support a long-lasting battle.
However, Maxwell, who has been going against the Indian collective memory that the month-long border war as an unprovoked act of aggression by China, believed that Beijing's retreat has won trust among Western countries by proving its claims of "peaceful rise."
The then US National Security Advisor Henry Kissinger and then US president Richard Nixon both read his book India's China War, which chronicled how India provoked Beijing into the fight and challenged the entrenched "aggressive China" notion, before visiting and building relations with China, Maxwell revealed to South China Morning Post in an interview in 2014.
Since 2012, Ye and several other veterans have started to collect various documents and memoirs to compile a book about the war. In April, the book titled Fight at Snowy Summit was finished. He hopes the book will be published. "I wish the young people do not forget the history and carry on the staunch perseverance and unyielding will to fight," he noted.
Maxwell believed that the 1962 war has left lessons for the world.
"China is conflict-averse and will do all it can to reach peaceful solutions, but it can't be pushed around and will never back away from defending what it sees as its basic security concerns. If the issue becomes fight or surrender, the PRC will always fight," he told the Post.
BY: Follow @mchalfant16
The reliance of the United States' critical infrastructure on high technology renders it vulnerable to future cyberattacks by the Russians, making it difficult for the U.S. government to retaliate against Moscow for trying to interfere with the presidential election.
The U.S. intelligence community formally accused Russia earlier this month of hacking into American political organizations, including the Democratic National Committee, in order to influence the 2016 election.
But experts warn that the United States should be wary of starting a "tit-for-tat" cyberwar with the Russians, given that the U.S. economy and other critical systems are more dependent on advanced technology and therefore more vulnerable to attack.
"Though we have overwhelming power in this policy area, we are also the most vulnerable nation in terms of the very advancement of the Internet as a part of our society and as a part of our economy," Claude Barfield, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute with expertise in international trade and cybersecurity, told a small audience in Washington, D.C., on Friday.
"We are afraid in terms of retaliating against the Russians that we will not be able to have what is called ‘escalation dominance,'" Barfield continued. "In other words, you start a tit-for-tat. If the Russians came back at us, and if we went back at them, our economy and society are more vulnerable than the Russians, and the Russians know that."
The issue came to the forefront at a panel discussion on Chinese cyberattacks hosted last week in the nation's capital by the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation. Moscow and Beijing are both highly capable and advancing in the cyber realm and have hacked into systems used by American companies and organizations, including the government.
"Picture it this way," said Fred Kaplan, author of Dark Territory, a book that explores the history of cyber warfare. "We have much more powerful and agile rocks, but we also live in a house that's made of much more glass, so that even countries with smaller rocks can do more damage to us."
The critical infrastructure of the United States—including its banking and financial systems, transportation, and energy infrastructure—relies on high computer technology networks vulnerable to hacking, Kaplan noted.
"Our entire society is built on this, our economy, our military, everything," Kaplan explained. "One reason why our leaders are a little reluctant to get into the equivalent of a limited nuclear exchange with cyber weapons is that we are really more vulnerable than other countries which are not quite hooked up."
The Department of Homeland Security and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence said on Oct. 7 that the Russian government directed the DNC hack and other compromises of emails used by U.S. citizens and institutions. Representatives of the Russian government, meanwhile, have called the allegations groundless.
The White House has pledged to retaliate against Russia for the hacks with a "proportional response," though it remains unclear what such a response might look like.
"The president has talked before about the significant capabilities that the U.S. government has to both defend our systems in the United States but also carry out offensive operations in other countries," White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters on Oct. 11. "So there are a range of responses that are available to the president and he will consider a response that is proportional."
Both Russia and China have emerged as strong cyber powers that pose threats to the United States. Russian hackers are believed to be responsible for cyberattacks against the United States that infiltrated computer networks used by the White House, State Department, and Pentagon, as well as hacks of private U.S. entities in recent years.
Evidence also suggests that Russia targeted Ukraine's power grid in December 2015, a cyberattack that caused widespread outages.
"We see a lot of organized criminal behavior coming out of Russia in the cyber realm. But they also have nation-state capabilities. They are probably, next to the United States, the most powerful cyber offensive capability," Rep. Michael McCaul (R., Texas), chairman of the House Committee on Homeland Security, told the Washington Free Beacon in September before Russia was formally implicated in the DNC hacks.
"We see them shut down countries like Estonia, they shut down power in Ukraine. They have meddled in elections in the past. Without getting into all the details, attempts have been made by the Russians in that regard," he said.
China has regularly hacked U.S. companies, and Chinese hackers were responsible for the massive Office of Personnel Management data breach that exposed personal information of 22 million Americans in 2014.
Such attacks have persisted despite cyber pacts between these nations and the United States meant to curb hacking attempts.
The alleged Russian hacks resulted in thousands of embarrassing correspondences between DNC staffers being leaked by WikiLeaks days before the committee's convention in July. WikiLeaks, which has more recently been publishing hacked emails sent and received by John Podesta, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, has denied having connections to Moscow.
Russia's cyber campaign has aggravated an already tumultuous election cycle and fueled speculation about whether the Kremlin is trying to aid Republican nominee Donald Trump, who has made positive statements about Russian President Vladimir Putin. Clinton has referred to the cyberattacks when undermining her opponent as a "puppet" of Russia.
The allegations also further heightened tensions between Washington and Moscow that have run high over the conflict in Syria and Russia's illegal annexation of Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula more than two years ago.
Nathan Guy expects new funding will provide a reliable source of water for dry North Canterbury.
Government funding of $520,000 will go to the Hurunui Water Project to irrigate farmland around Hawarden in North Canterbury.
Primary Industries Minister Nathan Guy said the new funding would provide a reliable source of water in a dry part of the country.
He said the scheme had "major potential" to increase agricultural production, grow exports and create jobs.
"Once complete the full scheme has the potential to irrigate 35,000 hectares of land. Around 70 per cent of that land will be used for sheep and beef production, with the other 30 per cent being for arable, dairy and other uses."
The funding comes from the Ministry for Primary Industries' (MPI) Irrigation Acceleration Fund and will go towards refining the scheme layout and scoping the work programme.
Guy said the funding would help irrigators deliver on stage one of the project to irrigate 10,000-15,000 hectares.
"This area has been in serious drought for nearly 18 months now and the lack of a reliable water supply has been a major burden."
MPI supports irrigation proposals with matched funding so they can reach the investment-ready stage. To gain funding schemes must prove they have commercial backing and can demonstrate strong community support.
Guy said the Government was a strong supporter of irrigation and water storage and had allocated $120 million to Crown Irrigation Investments Ltd over the past three years with another $25 million going towards the accelerator fund in last year's Budget.
Of the 722,000 hectares of land under irrigation in 2012 about 115,300 hectares had received some form of Crown funding.
Guy said the Government was on track to meet its goal of one million irrigated hectares by 2025 with 276,500ha of land with Crown assisted irrigation schemes in progress.
Irrigation is estimated to contribute $2.2 billion to the national economy.
TORONTO — Special set of skills or not, Liam Neeson says he's finished making thrillers.
In an interview, Neeson said that he plans to stop even though it's hard to turn down the lucrative offers he gets thanks to his box-office success in the three “Taken” films, as well as other thrillers. Neeson believes he's simply getting too old to be an action hero.
“The thrillers, that was all a pure accident,” said Neeson. “They're still throwing serious money at me to do that stuff. I'm like, ‘Guy's I'm sixty-f—ing-five.' Audiences are eventually going to go, ‘Come on.”‘
Neeson still has two upcoming revenge thrillers he's already shot: “Hard Powder,” in which he plays a snowplow driver who faces off with drug dealers, and “The Commuter,” with director Jaume Collet-Serra, who also directed Neeson in “Unknown,” “Non-Stop” and “Run All Night.”
But, Neeson said, those will be his last.
“I've shot one that's going to come out in January sometime. There might be another. That's it,” said Neeson. “But not ‘Taken,' none of that franchise stuff.”
Instead, Neeson has turned back to dramatic work. His Watergate drama “Mark Felt: The Man Who Brought Down the White House” was to premiere Monday evening at the Toronto International Film Festival. In it, he plays the high-ranking FBI official who was the Washington Post's “Deep Throat” source in the scandal.
Neeson has also lined up to co-star in “Widows,” by “Twelve Years a Slave” director Steve McQueen. In December, he starred in Martin Scorsese's spiritual epic “Silence.”
Neeson was always surprised by the unlikely turn his career took beginning with 2009's “Taken.” He thought the film, he once said, would go straight to video. The three “Taken” films have grossed $929.5 million worldwide.
The Hammerskin Nation, a long-running white supremacist organization, has announced that their major “Hammerfest” national gathering will be held in Georgia this October 1st. Hammerskin organizers plan to bring several bonehead (racist “skinhead”) musical acts into Georgia, including one band travelling from Finland to play the event. White supremacist speakers are also scheduled — one of these speakers being a prominent up-and-coming leader in the white power movement. The early October event will draw Hammerskin Nation members and supporters from across the country, as well as militants from other parts of the white power movement.
The October 1st event is being promoted not only on the closed “Crew 38” site for Hammerskin Nation supporters, but also on a number of other white power forums such as the notorious Stormfront.org. This is the second time in two years that “Hammerfest” will take place in Georgia – the 2014 Hammerskin national gathering was in Georgia as well. This year's gathering features bigger names than the 2014 event in Georgia, and will likely attract larger numbers. Expect several dozen to upward of a hundred white supremacists gathering, networking with each other, and making plans.
The Hammerskins — who are hosting the October event in Georgia — were founded in the late 1980s in Dallas, Texas. They operate as a street-level bonehead (racist “skinhead”) crew, generally organizing through the white power music scene as well as maintaining links with sectors of the broader racist movement. The first Hammerskin chapter was known as the “Confederate Hammerskins,” but as the Hammerskins grew, new regional groups such as the Northern Hammerskins were also established. These regional groups are banded together within the “Hammerskin Nation” franchise. The Hammerskin Nation website currently lists chapters not only in the US, but also in Canada, several European countries, New Zealand and Australia. Throughout their history the Hammerskins have earned a reputation using extreme violence on behalf of their cause – the best-known example would be Hammerskin member Wade Michael Page's murder of six people at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin in 2012 before he killed himself.
In Georgia, there has been a presence of Confederate Hammerskins — the Hammerskin division for the Southern US — in our state for approximately a quarter century, although membership numbers have fluctuated. For long stretches, the Hammerskin presence in Georgia has been maintained by small numbers. Georgia Hammerskins are able to host national gatherings in our state in part because they can utilize resources from other parts of white power movement in our region, and also because they have the support of the Hammerskin Nation as a whole when hosting the crew's annual national gathering.
The October 1st Event in Georgia: Musical Acts
A flyer currently being circulated online for the October 1st event features the names of four racist rock acts: Definite Hate, Beer Hall Putsch, Ironwill, and Hate Your Neighbors. Posting this flyer online, Georgia Hammerskin prospect Jason Reeves (writing as “Jason POTN” – “POTN” standing for “Prospect of the [Hammerskin] Nation”) added the following: “Top band from Finland will be headlining. To prevent them from being denied entry the band name is being withheld for now.”
Flyer for Hammerfest 2016, headlining act not mentioned.
While Reeves did not disclose the name of the “top band from Finland” slated to play the event, National Socialist Movement member Butch Urban has been more explicit when posting on Stormfront about the gathering. In a post promoting Hammerfest that otherwise matches the details supplied by Hammerskin members, Urban (as “Butch-88”) wrote: “Headlining band is Mistreat from Finland.” In a different thread on Stormfront about this event, the user “BloodandHonourGeorgia” (another online handle used by Jason Reeves) contributed to discussion by linking to Mistreat's song “We're Ready” on Youtube. It therefore seems likely that Mistreat are the “top band from Finland” on the bill.
Mistreat are one the better-known white power musical acts from Finland, with a history in the racist “Rock Against Communism” scene that goes back to 1988. (“Rock Against Communism” has been a racist and far-Right musical scene from the beginning — the “RAC” label was first used by the National Front in England to promote white power acts.) Mistreat have historic links to the Hammerskin Nation, having recorded a split album with the St. Paul, Minnesota act Bound for Glory, whose main member Ed Wolbank was also a leader of the Northern Hammerskins. In 2005, Mistreat included a song titled “We Salute You, American Hammerskins” in their “Never Forgive… Never Forget” CD. The Finnish act's appearance in Georgia would be a major draw for boneheaded aficionados of European “RAC” music.
Mistreat
The other major white power act scheduled to appear on October 1st is the North Carolina-based group Definite Hate. This blog has already written about Definite Hate at length, because at one stage Definite Hate was scheduled to play the evening after-party for the “Rock Stone Mountain” white power rally on April 23rd of this year. While Definite Hate eventually vanished from that event's advertised lineup, Definite Hate is now seemingly functioning once again and determined to play Georgia. Definite Hate is a longtime Hammerskin band. The band's old guitarist, Wade Michael Page, has been mentioned above, as the person responsible for the August 2012 mass murder at a Sikh temple in Oak Creek, Wisconsin. Neither the rest of the band nor the Hammerskin Nation as a whole has ever disavowed Page's murders. Instead, following the massacre, the Hammerskin-affiliated record label Antipathy Records held a special sale with the promotional code “WADEPAGE”.
Another band scheduled to play on October 1st is Beer Hall Putsch, an Idaho-based racist rock group. (The group name references Hitler's coup attempt in 1923 – Hitler composed Mein Kampf while imprisoned for his role in this Putsch.) As noted in this article by antifascists in the Northwest, Beer Hall Putsch includes one of the leaders of the Northwest Hammerskins (see link.) The frontman for Beer Hall Putsch is Christopher Vertrice Lord, who was imprisoned in the mid-1990s for shooting at a synagogue in Eugene, Oregon.
The final two musical acts on the Hammerfest 2016 bill are Ironwill and Hate Your Neighbors. Ironwill has its roots in the Southern California racist rock scene, but in recent years has been based in Washington State. Ironwill was originally affiliated with the American Front, another neo-Nazi organization, but now regularly features at Hammerskin gatherings.
Hate Your Neighbors is based in Huntington Beach, California and performs songs with titles such as “Hate Crime.” Their Facebook shows the group playing in front of large Hammerskin banner.
The October 1st Event in Georgia: Speakers
The Hammerfest announcement on Stormfront has also named of two guest speakers: “Chester Doles also Matthew Heimbach from Traditionalist Workers Party.”
Of these two names, Heimbach may be the more familiar. Heimbach, currently based in Indiana, is a leader of the Traditionalist Youth Network as well as its party, the Traditionalist Worker Party. Heimbach is a white nationalist who seeks to garner support from those who feel abandoned by traditional conservatism — for Heimbach, the racially-charged populism of the Trump campaign has been a gift and an opportunity.
Matthew Heimbach is frequently cited as one of the most dynamic young leaders of the white nationalist movement in the US, often being compared to David Duke in his earlier years. The White Student Union which Heimbach tried to build while studying at Towson University in Maryland provided a template for occasional other efforts on US campuses, including Patrick Sharp's 2013 attempt at Georgia State University. Despite his youth — Heimbach was born in 1991 — at this stage Heimbach has a lengthy resume on the white supremacist scene. On one hand, Heimbach is media savvy and attempts to rebrand white nationalist politics as something other than hateful (Heimbach would challenge our use of the term “supremacist”); on the other hand, Heimbach networks and attends events together with members of the Aryan Terror Brigade and the National Socialist Movement.
Matthew Heimbach (in red cap, facing camera and leaning forward) at March 1st Trump rally
Heimbach has been busy this year. On March 1st, Heimbach was recorded at a Trump rally in Louisville, KY, yelling at and repeatedly shoving Black protester Shiya Nwanguma. In June, the Traditionalist Worker Party attempted to rally outside the state capitol in Sacramento, CA with support from the Golden State Skinheads (a California white power group) and other white supremacists. While the white supremacists were driven back by protesters, a number of anti-racists were stabbed during the confrontation. (Funds are still needed for medical and legal support for these antifascists, give here.) Heimbach, who was not present at the Sacramento confrontation itself, nonetheless featured prominently in subsequent media coverage, as the go-to person for the Traditionalist Worker Party/“pro-white” view of the events.
Chester J. Doles of Dahlonega, GA
The second guest speaker is Chester Doles. Doles is a former Klansman who went on to lead the Georgia unit of the National Alliance, an organization that at one point was the most important neo-Nazi group in the US. (The National Alliance is nowadays in shambles.) In 2003, Doles was arrested for being a felon in possession of firearms — Doles had previously served prison time for assaulting a Black man. Many on the far-Right saw the prosecution of Doles as politically-motivated; Doles eventually pled guilty. He was released in 2008, eventually returning to white power activism. A February 2016 post on the website of the “National Alliance Reform and Restoration Group” — who are trying to pry the remainder of the National Alliance's assets from its current chairman Will Williams — states: “We understand that [Chester] Doles had briefly joined the Williams Alliance last year but quickly dropped out and is now working with another ‘movement' group in Georgia.” One recent comment published online under Doles' name reads: “838… Chester J. Doles.” “838” is alphanumeric code for “H.C.H.” or “Hail Crossed Hammers,” a reference to the insignia of the Hammerskin Nation. This suggests that Doles' involvement with the Hammerskins in Georgia may go beyond a single speaking appearance.
As well as these speakers, the event is to feature vendors from the National Socialist Movement and Antipathy Records, a music label affiliated with the Hammerskin Nation. A third vendor mentioned by Jason Reeves while promoting the event is American Defense Records. Now based in Lexington, KY, American Defense previously operated from Georgia (Athens and Savannah.) In its earlier releases of approximately a decade ago, American Defense Records portrayed itself as an anti-liberal, patriotic skinhead music label but avoided the most unambiguous signs of white supremacy. In recent years, the label has dropped any pretenses about such matters, reissuing Hammerskin-affiliated projects such as Blood in the Face plus Red White And Black on vinyl. Besides releasing records, label boss Travis David Condor is probably best known for his role in a group baseball bat/pipe assault on homeless man in 2010.
Past Hammerskin Events in Georgia and Venue
Traditionally, when it's turn of the Georgia Hammerskins to host Hammerfest, the boneheads can be found at the Georgia Peach Oyster Bar in Draketown (near Temple) GA, approximately one hour west of Atlanta. The Georgia Peach is mentioned by name as the Hammerfest venue in an article about gathering in 2005, when the Hammerskins in Georgia hosted. According to the article, there were “approximately 100” attendees at the event that time around. (Definite Hate were mentioned as one of the major draws.)
More recently, Georgia Hammerskins organized the national gathering in 2014. Hungarian “Rock Against Communism”/Hammerskin band Vérszerződés was the main attraction that time around. While event flyers listed “Central Georgia” as the Hammerfest location, the Georgia Peach was explicitly thanked immediately after the gathering.
The Georgia Peach is not only a venue for Hammerskin events, but also for many other white supremacist events regionally. On April 23, the venue was used for an evening after-event for two white power rallies that took place earlier in the day: the National Socialist Movement rally in Rome, GA as well as a second white power event at Stone Mountain Park outside Atlanta which met determined anti-racist resistance. (At the Georgia Peach the evening before, the ragtag “Aryan Nationalist Alliance” was formally established.) The Georgia Peach, which openly advertises itself as a Klan space, has also hosted many other Klan, neo-Nazi and Aryan Nations events over the years.
The Hammerskins have not publicly announced the Georgia Peach as the venue for Hammerfest this year, but it seems likely that the space will play some role in this year's events.
Conclusion
A close look at the groups and figures involved with Hammerfest 2016 reveals more than just a white power underground using music to recruit and mobilize. It also highlights the long and violent history of those involved. The white supremacists meeting and coordinating on October 1st should be prevented from furthering expanding their power and capacity for violence. Especially in the context of a newly-energized white power movement, the Hammerskins and similar groups ought to be practically opposed wherever they operate. While their numbers are small, those gathering in Georgia are some of the hardcore “true believers” of the white power movement; they should not be written off as harmless and irrelevant.
We believe that the weekend of October 1-2 is an ideal opportunity for action against white supremacist groups such as the Hammerskins or Traditionalist Worker Party nationally. If you live in a city where such a group exists, consider organizing during this time to expose their efforts. Commit to building anti-racist/anti-fascist infrastructure for the struggles ahead. Also, please circulate this story to those who may be affected by the upcoming white power gathering.
As Hammerfest approaches, Atlanta Antifascist Notes will be one source for updates and reporting. For briefer time-sensitive updates, keep your eyes on twitter.com/afainatl
Team Freedom signs Grandmaster Jackets
Team Freedom announced today they have signed Grandmaster Jackets for the HGC 2017 season.
The team is made up of half veterans and half new players to the professional scene. Zugrug, Insomniaa and KilluZiion have both seen their fair share of competition, while Nazmas and Daneski are fairly new.
Grandmaster Jackets qualified for HGC in the second qualifier, taking out both Gust or Bust and Vox Nihilli.
In the announcement a statement from Insomniaa reads:
"We understand that some might consider us underdogs going into HGC, but we expect to come out on top through the hard-work and perseverance that helped us to qualify in the first place.”
Team Freedom, under eSports.Us, also vets a Dota 2 team.
Follow us on Twitter @GosuGamersHotS and on Facebook for more competitive Heroes of the Storm news and coverage from around the world.
QUICKPOLL Will Team Freedom be a strong contender come HGC 2017 time? Yes! They'll be a strong blowout team
Thank you for voting! No. I don't have much faith in them.
Thank you for voting!
Every picture tells a story, Twenty photos, then, must tell an epic. At least, that's the intention behind Pecha Kucha, an offbeat and eclectic event where an eclectic combination of "creatives" present rapid-fire show-and-tells that focus on their passions through 20 slides in 20 seconds. The six-minute and 40-second format keeps the momentum flowing and the energy high.
The eight installments of the Pecha Kucha will be held at 7:20 p.m. April 6 at Bull Mansion, 55 Pearl St., Worcester. Presenters include Che Anderson, PowWow Worcester organizer and street mural impresario; entertainer and New England PrideTV founder Dale LePage; youth competitive rock climber Oliver Melican; ice cream maker and WooBerry proprietor Brendan Melican; Nine Dot Gallery owner John Vo; Dee Wells, who teaches youth photography and filmmaking skills; Kate Maupin, author of "Cheating, Dishonesty, and Manipulation: Why Bright Kids Do It"; and mechanical engineer/STEM education evangelist Martha Cyr.
Tickets cost $10, and half the proceeds for the event will go to the Hadwen Park LGBTQ Asylum Support Task Force.
"The outside world is starting to wake up to the Worcester creative renaissance — but if you came to Pecha Kucha six years ago, you would have known we were on the cusp of great things. We're thrilled to be back to celebrate a new generation of creators and doers. Now, if we could just agree on how to pronounce the name," said co-organizer Scott Zoback.
Former Gen. Stanley McChrystal, who led the war in Afghanistan, endorsed strong gun control laws Tuesday on Morning Joe.
“I spent a career carrying typically either an M16 or an M4 Carbine. An M4 Carbine fires a .223 caliber round which is 5.56 mm at about 3000 feet per second. When it hits a human body, the effects are devastating. It's designed for that,” McChrystal explained. “That's what our soldiers ought to carry. I personally don't think there's any need for that kind of weaponry on the streets and particularly around the schools in America.”
The AR-15, the civilian version of an M-16 or M-4, has been the weapon of choice in many recent mass shootings —both Adam Lanza and James Holmes used them in Newtown and Aurora, respectively. Since Lanza massacred 20 young children in Newtown, Connecticut, gun control has returned to DC's front-burner and the president has called for strict gun control measures.
“We've got to take a serious look—I understand everyone's desire to have whatever they want—but we've got to protect our children, we've got to protect our police, we've got to protect our population,” McChrystal said. “Serious action is necessary. Sometimes we talk about very limited actions on the edges and I just don't think that's enough.”
McChrystal led the American and NATO forces in Afghanistan, but resigned amidst scandal after Rolling Stone magazine published a controversial profile that portrayed the General and his staff as dismissive and disrespectful of the president.
Tragic shooting sprees aside, McChrystal also pointed to the more deadly and common gun violence—32 people die each day from gun violence—as another reason he believes gun control is necessary.
“The number of people in America killed by firearms is extraordinary compared to other nations, and I don't think we're a bloodthirsty country,” he said. “We need to look at everything we can do to safeguard our people.”
CARSON, Calif. (Thursday, July 30, 2015) - The LA Galaxy have acquired veteran goalkeeper Donovan Ricketts from Orlando City SC in exchange for a second-round selection in the 2016 MLS SuperDraft. Ricketts was a two-time MLS Goalkeeper of the Year and 2011 MLS Cup champion with the LA Galaxy.
“Donovan is one of the most experienced and successful goalkeepers in MLS,” said Head Coach and General Manager Bruce Arena. “He is familiar with our team and has proven to be a player capable of winning championships. We are happy that he is once again a member of the LA Galaxy and look forward to his contributions to our club.”
Ricketts joins the Galaxy with 177 MLS Regular Season appearances and 74 wins as a starter all time during his seven-year MLS career. He has also recorded a 6-3-1 record in the MLS Cup Playoffs, including leading the Galaxy to the 2011 MLS Cup title. The Jamaican goalkeeper's 70 appearances for the Galaxy are the second most appearances for any goalkeeper in club history, only behind Kevin Hartman.
After playing for the Galaxy from 2009-2011, Ricketts featured for various MLS teams including the Montreal Impact (2012), Portland Timbers FC (2012-2014) and most recently, Orlando City SC, where he was selected No. 1 overall in the 2015 MLS Expansion Draft. He was named MLS Goalkeeper of the Year in 2010 and 2013.
Internationally, Ricketts has featured extensively for the Jamaica National Team, serving as the team's vice captain before his international retirement. On the international level, the 6'4” goalkeeper led his squad in FIFA World Cup Qualifying, CONCACAF Gold Cup and Caribbean Championship matches.
A student who was tortured and dumped in a body bag has spoken after his attackers were jailed for 21 years.
University of Brighton journalism student Ben Hutchings, 21, said he thought he was “going to die” when he was attacked with a hammer, tied up with electrical cables, partially stripped, dumped in a body bag and driven to woodland.
And he said he was not happy with the sentencing handed down at Hove Crown Court.
“I was told about what happened straight away and I think they should have been jailed for longer,” he said.
“I thought I was going to die.
"However, I am relieved knowing they are not around my area. My family are happy too.”
Sam Simon, 21, of Earl Street, Hastings, was jailed for six years for the attack plus three years for drugs offences, Alex Simon, 17, of Earl Street, Hastings, was jailed for four years, Muham Muhammet "Melik" Yalcin, 20, of Kenilworth Road, St Leonards, was jailed for five years, and Artur Oganesyan, 23, of Stanley Road, Hastings, was jailed for two years.
All were convicted of or admitted false imprisonment.
Jowed Ghemati, 27, of Holmhurst Lane, St Leonards, who was not involved in the attack on Mr Hutchings but subsequently visited him at home in Hastings and offered him £5,000 to drop the case, was jailed for one-year after being convicted of witness intimidation.
The court was told Ghemati was shouted down by Mr Hutchings' landlady, Caroline Sussex, who told him she was from Hackney and would not stand for his nonsense.
Mr Hutchings was lured to Sam Simon's home with the promise of a game of Grand Theft Auto on their computer.
But on arriving at the house the men – intent on settling an alleged debt – launched the horrifying attack on Mr Hutchings.
After the hammer attack,tying him and taking him to woodland in the body bag the men discussed burying him.
The thugs also visited his girlfriend and made threats to her and afterwards he was so scared he wanted to leave Hastings.
Anthony Waller, defending Sam Simon, admitted: “Apart from his guilty plea there is little mitigation.”
Ben Kaplinski, defending Alex Simon, admitted it was a “brutal and outrageous crime”.
But he added the chemistry student was “not inherently criminal”.
Barry Myers, defending Oganesyan, said his involvement was in driving the group to and from the woods. “He is the least sophisticated,” he added.
Steve Wedd, defending Yalcin, said he had been “summoned by Sam Simon” and acted out of loyalty to him.
Recorder Dafydd Enoch QC, sentencing the five, said ringleader Sam Simon was “out-of-control”.
“He is not purely malevolent,” he said, before adding he believed he would offend again.
Describing Mr Hutchings, he said: “He thought he was going to die.
“He could have suffered a fractured skull. He could've bled to death.”
He described how his attackers said things during the attack including “I am going to torture you bruv” and “just kill him”.
He said Mr Hutchings must have felt “terror”.
Speaking afterwards, Detective Sergeant Michael Burnage said: “Sam Simon lured his friend to his home with the sole intention of torturing and robbing him.
“He was subjected to a horrific and sustained attack.
“The victim was left terrified he was going to be murdered.”
The hashtag #GamerGate represents the scandal of corruption within the media circuit – it started with games media but escalated and leveled-up into mainstream media. Those who often use the tag are consumers revolting against the corruption within the media, oftentimes using e-mail campaigns and grassroots community outlets to scrounge and spread information to educate others about what's really going on behind the scenes. Well, the media – the ones on trial by consumers – painted the consumer revolt as a right-wing, conservative group. In reality, the group mostly identifies as left-leaning liberals… according to a recent survey.
Over on Game Politics, political consultant and writer Allum Bokhari rolled out a comprehensive political analysis of more than 1,500 consumers who make frequent use of the GamerGate hashtag and Kotaku in Action sub-reddit.
For those that don't know, any figure containing 1,000 participants or more is a moderate enough sample size, according to most data sampling methods, as mentioned in the University of Texas at Dallas statistics and data sample collecting paper.
As pointed out in the graphs and survey results, more than 54% of those consumers fighting for better ethics and the cleanup of corruption in the media ring identify with left-leaning politics, as detailed in the image graph below.
This graph is similar to a previous graph that floated around showing most of the gamers and consumers supporting the reform in media ethics were left-leaning libertarians.
What does this mean? It means that disingenuous articles like the one on Gawker or The Guardian, which become misrepresentative and factually incorrect when the data itself clearly shows that #GamerGate is not being propped up by right-wing consumers. It also retroactively makes former BioWare developer, Damion Schubert, look ill-informed and out socially execrate gamers when looking back on his inflammatory blog post about #GamerGate's “right-wing nutjobs”.
In fact, before the survey data was even made public, how could the media pundits and journalists have surmised that #GamerGate was a right-wing movement without any sound statistical or sampling data? Begging the question based on false claims is the lowest form of yellow propaganda imaginable.
Despite being biased, poorly sourced and editorialized to purposefully misinform readers, the #GamerGate Wikipedia page actually manages to at least cite the political standings correctly.
As noted in the article on Game Politics…
“GamerGate supporters are considerably more likely to identify with the left or the centre than they are with the right. On the other hand, the results also show a strong identification with libertarianism, which may give us a clue as to the source of the divide between GamerGate and its critics.“
The article notes that trust in left-wing politics has declined greatly, with 67% now seeing the left as more authoritarian than libertarian. They also noted a deep decline in trusting publicly funded outlets like NPR, CBC and the BBC. It should be noted that some members of the Game Journo Pros were/are affiliated with NPR, such as Kyle Orland – who used to intern there – Harold Goldberg and Dennis Scimeca. Also, it was found out that the CBC had been purposefully withholding information and opted not to cover the whole #GamerGate story (or any of the related corruption or ethical breaches from the media). The executive producer of CBC's The National, Mark Harrison, has stated that they will rectify the slanted coverage in any future stories. They have yet to do so.
What's interesting, though, is that some people have tried waving away the consumer revolt as pointless and meaningless, despite the fact that both games media and mainstream media have been found to have created serious breaches in ethics. One commenter on the Game Politics article, going by the handle of Jon Kole, stated…
“So frankly, I don't care about 'corruption' in video game journalism. If someone at IGN is getting paid or getting gifts or is having sex with someone at Blizzard, my opinion of WoW will not be changed in the slightest. I don't care if they give the game a good or bad review, or why they give a game a good or bad review. Game reviews mean NOTHING! Heck, the actual journalism industry is filled with FAR worse corruption, and that stuff actually kind of matters.”
One thing Kole seems to forget is that it's not just about the “review”. The review is the end-game of coverage for most titles. There are a series of articles that lead up to the review that inform or give gamers information about the title before they decide to engage with the review or purchase the game. If an outlet can't be trusted in their review coverage what makes you think they can be trusted in any other news coverage of the game prior to the review?
In fact, #GamerGate is the perfect example of the media not engaged in producing review content but still purposefully ignoring facts and misinforming the public. Why is this okay?
The Game Politics article points out that this isn't a left versus right issue, it's a left versus left issue – given that most of the sites that have come out as anti-consumer and anti-gamer identify as left-leaning.
At this point, the media is starting to look awfully silly, especially when outlets that used to be reputable like The Guardian would allow for misinformation to spread in the way that they have. Attempting to create a revisionist history is a scary practice by media outlets peddling a specific agenda.
You can check out the rest of the survey data via the Google Docs. For the full article feel free to visit Game Politics.
Superstar appropriation artist Richard Prince has left Gagosian Gallery.
An anonymous source close to the artist's studio confirmed that Prince has broken ties with the world-renowned gallery, which began in Los Angeles in 1980, and has been expanding ever since. artnet News reached out to Gagosian Gallery and the artist's studio, but did not receive an immediate response.
Since joining the gallery in 2005, Prince has had nearly a dozen solo shows at its various international locations, and been part of countless other Gagosian group shows.
artnet News' source said increasing tension arose between the artist and the gallery over issues of representation. Though Prince reportedly was signed to the Gagosian Gallery exclusively, he has had numerous other solo shows at other blue-chip venues in the past five years alone, as detailed on his website at spaces including his former gallery Barbara Gladstone, Blum & Poe, Luxembourg & Dayan, Nahmad Contemporary, Almine Rech, Skarstedt, and Sadie Coles, London.
This appears to be bad news for Gagosian, since Prince is a market force to be reckoned with. His “Nurse” and “Joke” series paintings often sell for millions at auction. The current auction record of $9.7 million was set at Christie's last month, and the artnet Price Database lists nine paintings that have sold for more than $5 million each, and nearly 50 paintings for more than $2 million each.
“It's not that money has nothing to do with it…,” Prince cheekily told Damien Hirst in a 2009 interview on ASX. “Money means you can buy a better pencil sharpener…”
Prince has frequently sparked controversy over his appropriation practice, including a string of copyright lawsuits in which Larry Gagosian personally, and the Gagosian Gallery business, have been drawn in to as defendants. In the most high-profile and drawn out one to date, it was photographer Patrick Cariou who sued the artist and the gallery over use of his distinctive Rastafarian imagery, that Prince then used in his highly successful “Canal Zone” paintings, which were shown at Gagosian Gallery in 2011.
Joshua Schiller of Boies Schiller represented Prince; the notable firm previously represented the Warhol Foundation against a class action suit, and more recently defended art dealer Ann Freedman in connection with the massive Knoedler forgery scandal. The Cariou v. Prince case was eventually settled in 2014.
More recently, suits against Prince and the gallery have come from well known photographer Donald Graham, once again over use of a Rastafarian image on the blown-up Instagram photo series. Joshua Schiller has appeared again for Prince in that case, and Gagosian is represented by Dontzin Nagy & Fleissig LLP.
And last week, another photographer, Dennis Morris, who trailed the Sex Pistols on tour in the 1970s, sued Prince and Gagosian for use of his image of Sid Vicious also in the blown-up Instagram series and as part of a show centered on Jackson Pollock that was held in Eastern Long Island in 2011.
Another source who was also aware of the split cautioned against reading too much into the often fickle artist-dealer relationship. After all, another art star, Hirst, who “left” Gagosian a few years back, recently showed his greatest hits at its Frieze New York booth.
Follow artnet News on Facebook:
Gage Skidmore via Flikr Newt Gingrich, the self-described Republican "ideas man," has turned his big ideas guns to the federal courts this week — and even conservatives think he is taking things way too far.
As he tries to shore up his slipping support among Republican primary voters, Gingrich has ramped up his assault on "activist federal judges," a favorite target of social conservatives.
And the more noise the political establishment makes about an "independent" judiciary, the more Gingrich has turned up the volume, attacking the U.S. court system as "despotic" and "grotesquely dictatorial."
Now, Gingrich says that, if elected president, he would be free to ignore the Supreme Court and abolish entire federal court systems if he disagrees with their rulings (that means you, 9th Circuit). Under Newt's reign, judges could be impeached, subpoenaed, and even arrested by U.S. Marshals if their rulings were deemed "anti-American" by the Gingrich administration.
Of course, in Gingrich's view, "anti-American" includes anything that doesn't jibe with his "Judeo-Christian" vision of America. The campaign outlined this vision yesterday in a 20-page proposal for a Presidential Commission On Religious Freedom, which President Gingrich would establish by Executive Order on his first day in office. If that document is any indication, any judge who disagrees with Gingrich on anything from school prayer to contraception to discrimination against homosexuals could end up in the slammer.
As with all of his ideas, Gingrich has an extensive and thoroughly researched argument for why ignoring court decisions and arresting federal judges is actually perfectly fine. In a new position paper, "Bringing The Courts Back Under The Constitution," Gingrich writes that the Founding Fathers — notably Jefferson — did not see the Supreme Court as the final word on the Constitution. The concept of judicial supremacy, Gingrich argues, was actually born with the Supreme Court's 1958 Cooper vs. Aaron decision.
That decision, which Gingrich calls a "power grab," forced Arkansas officials to finally start desegregating schools. So you see the problem here.
Social politics aside, Gingrich's ideas about the federal judiciary are totally unconstitutional, not to mention ludicrous and potentially terrifying. Basically, Gingrich is suggesting we adopt the Hugo Chavez model of jurisprudence.
Former Bush Attorney General Michael Mukasey actually puts it best:
"It would lead us to become a banana republic, in which administrations would become regimes, and each regime would feel it perfectly appropriate to disregard decisions of courts staffed by previous regimes," Mukasey told the New York Times. "That's not what we are."
University stops short of fully divesting its $36bn endowment from coal, oil and gas but green groups welcome the breakthrough after a five-year campaign
Harvard University is “pausing” investments in some fossil fuel interests following a five-year campaign by some students and environment groups to pressure the university to divest itself from coal, oil and gas.
The elite university has come under fire for investing its $36bn endowment in a portfolio that contains fossil fuel companies and has until now resisted a concerted divestment campaign that has also targeted other US universities.
However, Colin Butterfield, head of natural resources at the Harvard Management Company, said that climate change is a “huge problem” and that “for now, we are pausing minerals and oil and gas.”
Butterfield said that Harvard indirectly invests in fossil fuels through outside funds, although the management company has previously signalled that it is moving away from coal due to a lack of profitability.
A beginner's guide to fossil fuel divestment Read more
“What I can tell you is, from my area, I could honestly say that I doubt – I can't say never, because never say never – but I doubt that we would ever make a direct investment with fossil fuels,” he said.
While Harvard hasn't declared a full moratorium on fossil fuels, campaigners have hailed the pause as a breakthrough moment in the lengthy fight to get the university to divest. A group called Divest Harvard is demanding that the university freezes new investments in fossil fuels, divest from direct holdings in the top 200 publicly listed fossil fuel firms and rid themselves of all indirect ties within five years.
Protests escalated in March when students blocked the entrances to Harvard's University Hall. In a letter to Drew Faust, Harvard's president, Divest Harvard demanded the university act “morally and with a conscience” but an official response stated that while climate change was “one of the world's most urgent and serious issues” it disagreed with the divestment approach.
Bill McKibben, co-founder of climate campaign group 350.org, said: “Harvard is divesting through the back door – testimony to the great pressure applied by students, faculty, and alumni, but also to its establishment unwillingness to simply say forthrightly: the fossil fuel age must end.
“Still, the significance is enormous: the richest and most famous educational institution on our planet is now siding with the future, not the past.”
The protests at Harvard were mirrored by a sit-in action at the University of Pennsylvania, where students also demanded the endowment divest from fossil fuels. Columbia University, under similar pressure, recently announced that it would divest from companies getting more than 35% of their income from thermal coal production.
Last year, Yale announced it had removed around $10m in fossil fuel investments from its $25bn endowment and Dartmouth announced a review of its holdings. Meanwhile, the board of trustees of Cornell University approved a standard that would trigger divestment in a “morally reprehensible” company without specifying a specific approach to fossil fuels.
With slightly warmer temperatures ahead and no snow piles blocking sidewalks this year, you can take advantage of the fact Boston was, yet again, ranked the No. 3 most walkable city in the nation, according to Walk Score, a company that ranks walkability and is owned by the real estate firm Redfin.
As in the 2015 rankings, Boston fell just behind New York and San Francisco with a Walk Score of 80.1, increasing 1.2 points from last year.
The Walk Score is a measure of how easy it is to walk from any given address to nearby amenities, on a scale of 0 to 100. Scores between 90 and 100 indicate that daily errands do not require a car, while scores between 70 and 89 indicate that most errands can be done on foot.
Walk Score also notes that walkability can be related to real estate values.
In cities where the Walk Score is above average, homes can get a value boost of between $4,000 and $34,000 compared to a similar home in an area with below-average walkability. A high Walk Score can similarly increase office and retail values.
To determine a city's score, Redfin “analyzed more than 10 million locations and computed more than 2 billion walking routes for 2,500 U.S. cities,” and then uses an algorithm to look at walking routes, amenities, distance to those amenities, friendliness toward pedestrians, and neighborhood data.
You can get the Walk Score for your specific address here.
A still redacted incident prompted both agencies to discuss “concerns about computer hacking into government agencies”
In April 1987, the CIA's Chief of Information Systems Security submitted a memo detailing a meeting he had recently had with the Director of the NSA's National Computer Security Security Center.
The meeting had been prompted by an earlier incident, still redacted, that had generated “mass confusion.”
Hints as to what the incident could have been can be gleaned from the meeting's agenda, which tackled concerns about “computer hacking into government agencies” …
and the fact that as of 1987, there were no reporting requirements for cybersecurity incidents at the federal level.
So, a few important takeaways from this meeting that changed the way federal agencies handle cybersecurity FOREVER. One, start reporting those incidents.
Two, start taking advantage of the NSA's existing database of fixes and, you know, apply them.
And three, make staff generally aware that cybersecurity is a thing, which would probably take care of 99% of the problem right there.
The CIA then sealed this historic partnership in the most literal way possible - handing their counterpart at the NSA a literal seal.
The full memo is embedded below.
Image via 20th Century FOX
Earlier today we explained what SATA Express is and now we have the opportunity to show off the first 2.5-inch SATA Express drive that we have had the chance to take a look at personally. Our friends at ASUS gave Legit Reviews a chance to see and benchmark the ASUS Hyper Express SATA Express External Enclosure. ASUS will be coming out with several versions of the ASUS Hyper Express.
You have two 2.5″ SATA Express external enclosures that house either two mSATA or m.2 SSDs and a larger 3.5″ version that houses two SATA 2.5″ notebook hard drives or SSDs. While the form factor differs, all are setup in a RAID 0 array with an internal RAID controller and then connected to the SATA Express interface that plugs directly into motherboards featuring SATA Express support. ASUS likely won't be selling a complete drive (enclosure and SSDs) in the United States and instead just be offering the empty enclosure with the RAID controller setup and support CD.
The ASUS Hyper Express that we were shown was a very early prototype, but the front of the drive will have the branding and product name on it.
The back of the drive clearly has this labeled as a concept edition and you can see that the standard 2.5″ drive mounting holes are in place. This is basically a standard 2.5″ notebook drive with a 9.5mm z-height.
Once the back cover was unscrewed you can quickly figure out what ASUS has done with the Hyper Express. This model has a black PCB with an ASMedia RAID controller on it and two mSATA drive slots for where you can place a pair of mSATA drives and screw them down.
This demo unit was running a pair of Kingston 120GB SATA III 6.0Gb/s mSATA drives. The part number on these drives is SMS200S3-120G and they run about $95 each shipped. Kingston recently announced that they have come out with larger capacity mSATA drives, so you can go beyond 120GB now and get 240GB and 480GB models from Kingston. Kingston uses the LSI SandForce 2241 (30GB, 60GB, 120GB) and 2281 (240GB, 480GB) controller with the SATA Rev. 3.0 (6Gb/s) interface on these drives. You can use any mSATA drive in the ASUS Hyper Express enclosure though, but it appears that ASUS worked mainly with Kingston Technology during the development phase of this SATA Express device.
The ASUS Hyper Express uses the ASMedia ASM1062R controller, which is basically the ASM1062 SATA III 6Gbps controller that has Raided support.
Here is a closer look at the bottom of the SATA Express connector on the ASUS Hyper Express.
And here is a view of the top of the SATA Express connector.
This is the SATA Express cable that will come with the ASUS Hyper Express SATAe drive.
The top of the ASUS Hyper Express SATAe header has pins all across it, but the SATA Express connector that is used with the drive has just a small section of pins for the second PCIe data path.
Here is a wiring diagram that was done by SATA-IO that shows the one side of the connector is for power and SATA/PCIe Lane 0 and then on the other side there are the pins for PCIe Lane 1.
ASUS expects to see sequential read/write speeds of up to 745/809MB/s with the ASUS Hyper Express drive. The drive we got a chance to see in action was using early drivers with SanDisk X110 mSATA drives and was able to hit 704MB/s sequential read and 747MB/s sequential write speeds on CrystalDiskMark 3.0.3 64-bit. The 4K read/write speeds were at 32/81MB/s. This benchmark was done on a pair of SanDisk X110 256GB mSATA drives with the model number of SD6SF1M-256G-1022l. The drives inside the ASUS Hyper Express will clearly play a role on performance, so keep that in mind if you plan on picking one of these up.
It should also be mentioned that ASUS discovered and implemented a technology that they feel is critical for SATA Express to perform at its best — the Separate Reference Clock with Independent Spread Spectrum Clocking Architecture, or SRIS for short. SATA Express-capable motherboards that lack the SRIS architecture in the UEFI/BIOS could present compatibility problems. SATA Express devices might not be recognized, for example; or recognized devices might not work correctly. Even in situations where SATA Express devices are recognized and appear to function correctly, their true performance could be hindered by lack of SRIS BIOS implementation.
The initial implementation of SATAe by ASUS on the Z87-Deluxe SATA Express motherboard was not based on the SRIS architecture. The original design had a pair of SATAe clock pins on the motherboard that sent clock signals to the slave device. That meant that the SATAe cable had to carry that signal. The side effect of sending a clock signal like this over a long distance or interconnect is that the data rate is impacted. This is due to high amounts of jitter and noise due to this design. It also means that a separate cable needs to be used and that adds to build costs. Last year there was a specification change and in the device itself there is now an oscillator in the drive itself just like the one that is already in the PCH. This means that the drive doesn't need to be slaved to the clock generator in the PCH and no longer a need to have the two linked together.
ASUS expects to have retail versions of the Hyper Express to be released in about two months, which makes sense as they need to release motherboards based on the Intel 9 series chipset first!
A small patch has been pushed to the PBE! Check out today's post for a look at Rift Herald's spawn and death animations, updates to Spellblade vfx, and more tentative balance changes!Continue reading for more information!
(Warning: PBE Content is tentative and iterative - what you see may not reflect what eventually gets pushed to live servers! Manage your expectations accordingly. )
Table of Contents
Rift Herald Spawn & Death
Rift Herald's shiny new spawn effects in an Rift Herald also has a new death effect where it disintegrates into the same portal. While we mentionedshiny new spawn effects in an earlier patch this cycle also has a new death effect where it disintegrates into the same portal.
Spellblade VFX Change
Balance Changes * Remember *: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical changes. The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that didn't make it in - don't freak out! These are not official notes.
*: The PBE is a testing ground for new, tentative, and sometimes radical changes. The changes you see below may be lacking context or other accompanying changes that didn't make it in - don't freak out! These areofficial notes.
Champions
Base armor increased to 27 from 24
to 27 from 24 Taste Their Fear (Q) mana cost lowered to 20 at all ranks from 25.
Base attack damage lowered to 57.46 from 59.46
to 57.46 from 59.46 The Culling (R):
Damage changed to 25/45/65 per shot from 40/50/60
AD Ratio changed to .15 TOTAL AD from .25 BONUS AD
[ IMPORTANT NOTE : Beluga Whale has noted on reddit the intention is this to be a change from .25 bonus AD to .15 TOTAL AD and that the tooltip is incorrect in today's PBE Build.]
Base HP lowered to 530 from 577.8
to 530 from 577.8 Strut (W)
Cooldown reverted to 8 seconds from 12 seconds
to 8 seconds from 12 seconds
Active's attack speed bonus lowered to 60/70/80/90/100% from 60/75/90/105/120%
[ NOTE : These changes are in addition to the others from the earlier PBE patches this cycle. There also may be more changes coming up as FeralPony mentioned last week Mordekaiser's Q AP ratio was also going to go up.)
: These changes are in addition to the others from the earlier PBE patches this cycle. There also may be more changes coming up as mentioned last week Mordekaiser's Q AP ratio was also going to go up.) Harvesters of Sorrow (W) reactivation health steal damage changed to 50/85/120/155/190 from 40/95/120/145/200
reactivation health steal damage changed to 50/85/120/155/190 from 40/95/120/145/200 [ NOTE : Live value is currently 70/95/120/145/170]
Items
Health steal increased to 25 over 5 seconds from 20.
The Spellbalde VFX for, andhave been updated on the PBE! As some of you may recall we saw similar vfx changes hit the PBE a few months ago but they never made it to live!
Dirk Kuyt scored on his Feyenoord return
Dirk Kuyt marked his return to Eredivisie action with the decisive late penalty as 10-man Feyenoord began the season with a 3-2 win over FC Utrecht.
Former Liverpool and Fenerbahce man Kuyt has been away from De Kuip for nine years but was brought back this summer by new boss Giovanni van Bronckhorst.
He put away the 82nd-minute spot-kick that gave Feyenoord a 3-1 lead, ensuring the Rotterdam side would come out on top.
Colin Kazim-Richards put Feyenoord ahead in the 23rd minute, but they lost Rick Karsdorp to a 51st-minute red card and were pegged back to 1-1 in the 75th minute by Sebastien Haller.
Tonny Vilhena restored Feyenoord's lead three minutes later, Kuyt soon doubled it, and Haller's last-minute penalty was a consolation for Utrecht.
Elsewhere on the first day of the new Dutch season, Roda JC were 3-1 winners at home against Heracles.
The visitors went ahead through Iliass Bel Hassani in the 32nd minute, with the response almost immediate as Edwin Gyasi levelled four minutes later.
Tom van Hyfte put Roda ahead in the 49th minute, with Hicham Faik applying gloss with the third goal after 90 minutes.
Defence Watch received some views about the potential upcoming Canadian Forces mission to Mali from of an individual involved in the NGO community who has recently returned from that country. They have asked that their name not be published. Here is what that person has written to Defence Watch:
The United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali (MINUSMA) is clearly seen as a party to the conflict by the many islamist groups, and by local powerholders profiting from the black market routes running through Northern Mali, but also increasingly to the north and south borders from Bamako.
MINUSMA was the expected passive UN force locked in by the financial and political interests of participating African contingents.
MINUSMA in Northern Mali has weak counter-IED capability, weak medical, weak engineering assets, and weak tactical ISR. They have had a weaker track record of protecting civilians who displaced themselves near UN bases. Canadians in MINUSMA would likely take casualties from IEDs or ambushes from local forces, so no happy story about blue helmets helping a transition to a peace that no local powerholder really supports. There's no economy in Mali except the international assistance money they are getting to support this fight, and black market routes connecting Libya to Senegal to the Ivory Coast for guns and drugs.
Given the context in Mali it is difficult to guess why the government can win a media victory with the Canadian public over sending more than a few advisers to MINUSMA, or a support company or two such as a role 3 hospital or engineers.
With MINUSMA's track record something will happen soon that will cast a bad light on the mission (such as the performance of African contingents in making security worse for IDPs in South Sudan), which will expose the folly of placing CF combat assets under UN command run by African interests with little to no interest in tactical security of civilians.
International NGOs in Mali barely operate in the North, and the few that do, like the ICRC, distance themselves sternly from MINUSMA. So no easy media victory for the government in claiming that the Canadian mission will enable the delivery of aid. Whatever Canadians decide to do, it will always be overshadowed by the backroom efforts that the French are throwing around in aid, governance and foreign military support to the government.
The French seem to have an attitude to contain MINUSMA so as not to interfere with their strategic objectives and the influence networks in their former colony. The authorities in Bamako and the different clan-based politics are caught in a political struggle over the change of president sometime next year. So no happy story about governance and democracy promotion for Canadian aid either.
That struggle alone may generate more violence than the jihadist threat, leaving the CF with a weak operational situation as the UN mission gets evacuated and the narrative of the mission slips away from a story of a mission focused on north-south reconciliation and protecting governance from an islamist threat.
Where it would make some strategic sense for the CF to commit to Mali is if the mission is really in support of the US-French/Eurocorps (there are German and Belgian military deployed with the French not under UN command) counter-terrorism mission for West Africa.
AFRICOM may be asking Canada to shore up MINUSMA for better alignment to anti-extremists intelligence and influence activities. Working in continuation of US counter-terrorism objectives would make the most sense for the CF in Mali and with other Canadian commitments in Western Africa, but it would make a deployment under MINUSMA a travesty of the official aims of the UN mission and what will likely be couched in terms of absolute virtues by the government to sell the deployment to Canadians. Frankly the context in Mali is awful if the government hopes to score an easy PR win with the peacekeeping romantics in Canada. That security council seat may be a more substantial justification, but may come at a heavy price when something goes south in Mali to make the Canadian mission look bad.
Opportunities for a CF contingent to enable the delivery of humanitarian assistance may be limited. There are few international aid agencies active in Northern Mali where Minusma is deployed, and NGOs and agencies such the International Committee of the Red Cross who are very active through the Mali Red Cross rely on their own contacts with local communities and all armed groups.
MINUSMA is a party to the conflict in Mali, and aid agencies hoping to maintain their neutrality to access beneficiaries and ensure the safety of their staff often stay away from Minusma and UN coordination mechanisms in their field operations.
My personal comment is that a sizeable CF deployment outside of few staff officers or a field hospital may very well decrease the security and access to beneficiaries for Canadian-funded aid activities in the South of Mali. The statement by Minister Bibeau in support of the mission makes it a bit odd, since there will be no direct contribution at best to Canadian aid project outcomes by deploying the CF in Mali, and at worst Canadian funded aid projects can become the soft targets of the increased Canadian security involvement in country.
The good news is that a CF deployment would likely come with additional money for Canadian agencies present in Mali, notably the Canadian Red Cross who have started a sizeable maternal and child health program in support of the Mali Red Cross and ministry of health North and South of Bamako.
Photo above: A member of the United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali stands guard over a UN vehicle damaged by an IED.
Earlier today there was a report that 2AM member Changmin will be signing an exclusive contract with Big Hit Entertainment now that his contract with JYP Entertainment has ended.
According to the report by Star News, Changmin's contract with JYP ended last month, July 10, after seven years with the agency and he has decided not to renew his contract. Instead, he will be signing with Big Hit Entertainment, home to idol boy group BTS, which has previously managed Changmin while he was under JYP.
A new report has come out, however, that clarifies that Changmin is still in talks with Big Hit and nothing official has been decided yet.
Earlier this year, the 2AM members decided to go their separate ways in terms of agencies with Jinwoon signing with Mystic89, Seulong signing with Sidus HQ, and Jo Kwon staying with JYP.
Source (1) (2) (3)
A majority of black and Hispanic Americans support impeaching President Donald Trump, while women are evenly split on the issue. Meanwhile, more white Americans oppose than support making Trump just the third president in U.S. history to suffer impeachment, according to a poll from the Public Religion Research Institute conducted in October and released Tuesday.
Related: Trump impeachment odds skyrocket after Michael Flynn agrees to cooperate with Mueller investigation
While the overall percentage of Americans who think Trump should be impeached remains unchanged from August, at 40 percent (with 56 percent opposed), the numbers vary greatly between subgroups. The most support for impeachment comes from black Americans, with 72 percent in favor. A majority, 52 percent, of Hispanics also back removing Trump from office. There is substantial support for impeachment, too, from women, with 48 percent backing the move and the same number opposing.
Trending: Is Ray J Replacing Tamar Braxton on 'The Real?'
Only among white Americans and men is there majority opposition to impeachment, with 31 percent of both groups in favor.
The survey was conducted prior to some major developments in the investigation into whether Trump's campaign colluded with Russia to interfere in the 2016 election. Last month, three former Trump campaign aides, including former Campaign Chairman Paul Manafort, were indicted in Special Counsel Robert Mueller's probe. Last week, Trump's former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI and said he was cooperating with investigators.
Donald Trump More
Win McNamee/Getty Images
Don't miss: Astronauts Lost in Space Could Be Rescued By New 'Take Me Home' Button
Following that news, Trump appeared to implicate himself on an obstruction of justice charge. Posted on his Twitter feed, Trump said he was aware that Flynn had lied to the FBI when he fired the national security adviser in February. Former FBI Director James Comey has said that, a day after Flynn's removal, Trump asked him to drop the investigation into the man who was one of the president's staunchest allies during his campaign.
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI. He has pled guilty to those lies. It is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. There was nothing to hide! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 2, 2017
Most popular: What Happens to the Olympics Now That Russia is Out of the 2018 Winter Games?
Trump's lawyer, John Dowd, later claimed that he wrote the tweet but that it did not represent an admittance of obstruction of justice because, as the chief law enforcement officer in the country, the president cannot, by definition, obstruct justice. That opinion has been opposed by a number of legal experts.
Even before the latest disclosures in the investigation, multiple Democrats have filed articles of impeachment against the president. One of those, Texas Congressman Al Green, said Tuesday that he would bring articles to the House floor the following day to force a vote.
The measure has little or no chance of success, however. In addition to Republicans showing no desire to move toward impeaching the president, even leading Democrats have cautioned against pushing for removing Trump ahead of the 2018 midterms.
This article was first written by Newsweek
More from Newsweek
When I look around the NFL landscape, I see a number of valleys and a ton of plains, but very few mountains. Now, I may eat my words in a couple of months, but as it stands after 11 weeks, there aren't many teams that stand out as true contenders. There are plenty of good teams but not a lot of great ones, and while the Eagles came into this one with a winning record, they seemed a far better fit for the former category than they do for the latter. And yet here they were, entering this game with one of the top defenses, a startling +55 point-differential, and were even ranked #1 in DVOA*.
*DVOA is an ambitious attempt by Football Outsiders to provide an over-reaching metric for the overall value of a football team. The result is a pretty impressive, highly-predictive measure of a team's quality that acknowledges the unique leverage of each play.** Here's a helpful explanation.
**The Seahawks have finished each of the last four seasons ranked first in DVOA, the only team in NFL history to do do. nbd
Alas, the crown once again proved too heavy for a pretender's brow and the Eagles wilted beneath the steady heat applied by the Seahawks. And while this game featured two of the top three scoring defenses in the NFL, only one of them played like it. Seattle's offense gobbled up yards like hungry hippos, with five different players recording gains of 20+ yards and three different players scoring righteous TDs.
It didn't take long for Seattle to start digging into that big tub of offensive ice cream, with CJ Prosise(!) taking a greedy first scoop. On the Seahawks' fifth snap, the electric rookie took a handoff and aimed to the left of the center. Before hitting his gap, however, Prosise teleported to his right, darting through a backside gap before accelerating down the right sideline for a 72-yard score. How a 22 year-old can score untouched down the right boundary on a dive play to the left is beyond me and yet there he was, coasting into the endzone with Seattle's longest play of the season. Stephen Hauschka's extra point was blocked because of course it was and the Seahawks had themselves a 6-0 lead.
That score held for a few more drives, until first-year QB Carson Wentz orchestrated an impressive 13-play, 68 yard drive. Like a terrible song that finds its way onto every radio station, Seattle allowed the Eagles to convert three straight third downs on that possession before Wentz found Zach Ertz for a short score. Seattle's response was an “anything you can do, I can do better” drive that went 92 yards on 10 plays, including three third down conversions of their own.
The possession itself was a sparkling necklace of well-executed plays, including Jimmy Graham's drive-extending snag on 3rd & 3, a Thomas Rawls 18-yard gallop, and Tyler Lockett's nifty 27-yard catch-and-run. The shiniest bauble of them all was the type of play we all envisioned when the Seahawks traded Max Unger and a first round pick for Graham two seasons ago. On 3rd & no way, Wilson found himself escaping a crumbling pocket and wiggling to his left. Wilson dodged oncoming tacklers, buying time with shimmies and feints, until Graham could come to his aid. Before, running out of bounds, Russ slung the ball down the field, where Jimmy snagged it in front of a defender. Graham shrugged the would-be tackler off like an old coat, spinning to the center of the field and winning the race to the endzone.
I've watched that play at least 10 times now and I'm still not quite sure how Wilson did it. Go back and watch the highlight, if you haven't already. Wilson's whole body is angled more than 45 degrees towards the left sideline and he somehow manages to fling the ball downfield without his momentum sending the pass out of bounds. He'd do it again later on a long gain to Doug Baldwin and I just don't get it. It's like a glitch in a video game.
That touchdown, and a Hauschka field goal, sent Seattle to the locker room with a 16-7 lead that didn't feel nearly that close. Seattle gained 300 yards at a savage 10.3 yards per play. The game wasn't over at the half, but it felt about as over as a 16-7 game could. Philadelphia's offense seemed to have given all they had on the one drive, looking completely out of sorts after an illegal formation penalty wiped out a long second quarter TD. Aside from their scoring possession, the Eagles managed just 78 first half yards, with Kam Chancellor picking off Wentz for good measure.
Seattle's third touchdown came a couple of drives later, after Richard Sherman fair-caught Wentz' arm punt for his 4th interception of the season. Seattle took the ball back with Wilson continuing to look as calm, elusive, accurate, and in control as he ever has. After hitting Baldwin on a deep post route, Wilson took a shotgun snap and flipped to Baldwin on the reverse. OR SO YOU THOUGHT, SUCKER. After giving up the rock, Wilson slipped out of the backfield to the left. Baldwin pulled up and lobbed a beautiful throw back to Russ inside the pylon for the score. As many of you know, I love the touchdown play but the only play I like more is the F*** You TD.
Seattle had Philly backpedalling towards the ropes and, instead of giving them a chance to get their legs beneath them, Darrell Bevell flipped to the back of the playbook for the knockout. The Eagles were having trouble blocking simple jabs and hooks at that point, but that didn't stop the ‘Hawks from unleashing a lethal combination and finishing with an uppercut to the chin. That touchdown effectively ended whatever slim chance the Eagles still had, and completed the cool-touchdown hat trick. Being outplayed in every phase, a 16-point deficit seemed insurmountable for Philadelphia and ultimately proved to be exactly that.
From there, all that was left was for The Seahawks to make a field goal, miss a field goal, and watch the Eagles rack up some meaningless yards and points against a defense that was missing Earl Thomas (more on that later). Seattle hasn't played a perfect game yet this year but they're starting to look like the type of team that can.
Some other observations:
-CJ Prosise continued to shine before a shoulder injury cut his day short in the third quarter. After 153 yards in his first start last week, Prosise gained 81 more on just six touches today. He is now averaging 5.7 yards per carry and 12.2 yards per catch in his young career. Unfortunately, it's sounding like the injury might be serious which would be a tremendous shame. Prosise's talent absolutely belongs in the NFL but one can't help but wonder if his body does. Now, I believe injuries, taken as a whole, are largely random but there's no denying it takes a special physical fortitude to withstand an NFL workload. This is CJP's third potentially significant injury in his first year. Hopefully it's just bad luck, because he has the opportunity to be a special part of a special offense.
-Fortunately, Thomas Rawls was there to pick up the torch. Rawls was the Seahawk I was most excited about this season and I've been dying to see him at full-go. After just one touch in the first four drives, Rawls re-emerged as the workhorse type of back he was before his ankle injury last year. He has, if you recall, seen limited action during the first two games of the season, but was only able to turn 19 carries into 25 yards on his mending foot. That wasn't really Thomas Rawls though, this is. And so is this.
Rawls would carry the ball 14 times, netting 57 yards and adding 31 more on three catches. 88 yards on 17 touches in seven drives as the lead back. The release of Christine Michael looks a little scarier in the harsh light of Prosise's injury (especially since preseason-crush Troymaine Pope sprained his ankle after one carry today), but a healthy Thomas Rawls gives Seattle's run game the chance to be elite again and that is a massive net positive.
-Rawls and Procise combined for for 169 yards from scrimmage on 23 touches behind an offensive line that was sometimes great, sometimes lousy, but mostly good which hey alright!
-Russell Wilson is alllll the way back. He is playing with a mastery that's unreachable for 80% of the QBs in the NFL and unsustainable for almost all of ‘em. 272 yards passing, 19 yards rushing, and 15 yards receiving for Seattle's Pro Bowl QB. It was a continuation of his annual midseason bloom. In the Seahawks' three straight wins since Wilson's been deemed healthy, RW is 63-94 (67%), for 902 yards (9.6 Y/A), 8 TDs, and 0 INTs for a stellar rating of 126.3.
And it's not just what he's doing, it's how he's doing it. Not only is he back to darting around the backfield like a randy squirrel, he's making every throw on the route tree with an accuracy reserved for Hall of Famers. I think, in some ways, the injuries he sustained this season have made him a better quarterback in the long term. Without the option of fleeing the pocket, Wilson was forced to stand in and go through his reads, and to get rid of the ball in a hurry.
He is now a highly capable pocket passer- statistically among the very best, in fact- a transformation made all the more impressive when you consider that Wilson has the longest snap-to-throw rate in the entire NFL. The entire realm of possibility is available to the Seahawks offense when Wilson is playing like this.
-Doug Baldwin keeps kicking ass. He accounted for 104 more yards on four catches today, adding the TD pass just for fun. His play this season is showing that last year's explosion was no joke. He's beating guys short, deep, across the field, and towards the sideline. His routes are exquisite, run with no wasted movement, and he catches everything he touches. He's the most potent WR the Seahawks have had since shit... I don't know. Long time. Russell Wilson's passer rating when targeting Doug Baldwin this season is 131.8, which is almost as good as Baldwin's rating when targeting Wilson.
-The defense was sensational today. After Thomas pulled up short with a hamstring injury on Sherman's pick, the Eagles moved the ball with some success but prior to that they were hardly getting anything at all on offense. Philly's WRs were targeted 21 times in this one and were only able to convert them into 10 catches for 113 yards. Wentz was harassed all day, finishing with a lowly passer rating of 61.2.
Having Kam back goes a long ways towards this, as his presence has a massive effect on the power and flow of the secondary. It remains to be seen how long Earl is out (and DeShawn Shead, for that matter), but with Michael Bennett returning soon, this defense is primed to explode.
-Bobby Wagner's 15 tackles give him an NFL-leading 108 on the season.
-With Philly allowing 26 points and the Vikings giving up 24, the Seahawks retake the league lead in points allowed at 17.3. As you're undoubtedly aware, this would be an unprecedented 5th straight season in which Seattle would lead the NFL in scoring defense.
-Cliff Avril got a strip sack, giving him 10 sacks in 10 games and keeping him in the running for Seattle's franchise record of 16.5 sacks in a season.
-Jeremy Lane looked really good today, posting his second straight solid performance after spending the entire Bills game on roller skates. It's a good thing that Lane's best self showed up today, cuz he was pressed into extended duty when Shead's hammy acted up.
-Jermaine Kearse was targeted six times today. He had two catches for 29 yards. Russell Wilson's passer rating when targeting Kearse today was 50.0. When targeting absolutely everybody else, it was 109.3. If that discrepancy sounds familiar, it's because there was a similarly massive gap in those stat lines last week as well.
Kearse did manage to contribute another offensive pass interference penalty, giving him more than most teams will get called for all year. Kearse was as guilty on this particular call as he has been on just about all of them, as he drew the flag despite not even touching the guy he was penalized for interfering with. The flag negated a big play for Tyler Lockett (who looked great), which sucks.
-Perhaps most importantly, we get a week off from listening to people (on both sides) argue over penalties*.
*There are about 25 of you that are like “Oh yeah? Watch me.”
This team is locked in right now. Russell Wilson's 2016 arc has merged with the stratospheric trajectory he was on during the second half of last season. Thomas Rawls is all the way back, as likely to run someone over as he is to make them miss completely. Jimmy Graham is not only healthy, he's dominating. He entered this game as the second leading receiver among TEs and notched another impressive performance today. Tyler Lockett looks like he's full speed, which opens up Seattle's offense and gives the return game some much-needed teeth. Kam Chancellor has reclaimed his spot at the head of the Dark Army. The offensive line is melding, Doug Baldwin is still uncoverable, Jermaine Kearse is still super coverable, the defense is playing as well as it ever has, and they mostly don't suck on special teams. The ceiling on this team has been removed to make room for an elevator.
The Seahawks are 7-2-1. Their win keeps them, effectively, two games behind the Cowboys and launches them three games ahead of the Cardinals and Rams. The division isn't locked up, but it's as close as one can reasonably hope for after ten games. You won't hear the team say this until the NFC West is clinched, but in terms of probability variance, the target switches from the division to the conference. The NFC, at least as far as it concerns Seattle, is a race between them and the NFC East.
The Seahawks have a clear path to a first round bye and are still well within range of the surprising Cowboys. They have, per all appearances, advanced from the yearly diagnostic phase and are aggressively searching for what the team is capable of. They might not track down the #1 seed in the NFC but I doubt there's anyone that other teams want to face less than a Seahawks squad that's rolling like this.
Up next is some other poor collection of lambs. I'd look it up but I don't think it'll matter. May God bless their nearly-departed souls. Onward, upward, cheers.
Anderson is among the England players being put forward for the player draft for the Pakistan Super League Paul Childs/Reuters
Leading England players will play in the Pakistan Super League in February in the United Arab Emirates. The Times understands that James Anderson, Stuart Broad, Steven Finn, Jason Roy and Moeen Ali are all being put forward as marquee names for the player draft, which is due next month.
The tournament is set to take place in mid-February although the dates have yet to be finalised. It is expected that it will be completed in the small window that England players have between the end of the tour to India and the beginning of the one-day series in the West Indies in March.
Andrew Strauss, the director of England cricket, is keen for players to play in domestic Twenty20 leagues around the world and is…
Come back each day in the month leading up to the 2014-15 NBA season tip off, as Ball So Hard's Matt Sampson and a rotating cast of Fiasco Sports writers rank and preview each team in the league.
Two years ago, the Knicks were a dominant force in the Eastern Conference and an outside chance to make a run at the title. Last season, not so much. However, things aren't all doom and gloom in the Big Apple, as they brought in the Zen Master Phil Jackson late last year and secured the signature of marquee man Carmelo Anthony in the offseason. We aren't talking titles just yet, but Matt and Tim can help you pass they time as they rag on JR Smith and Samuel Dalembert.
Follow Ball So Hard on Twitter and Facebook.
Find season preview videos for every NBA team here.
Advertisements
Job hunting just got interesting
Thought a professional working career meant taking a desk job? Think again. There are plenty of wonderfully weird jobs out there that are certain to offer a decent wage, complete career satisfaction and even raise a few eyebrows here and there too. Job hunting just got interesting.
CV-Library, the UK's leading independent job board, conducted research amongst 700 of the country's recruiting experts to expose Britain's most bizarre jobs. They shared their most interesting (and sometimes a little odd) job roles that they have recruited for in the last year; these are the ones that made it to the top 10:
Cricket Mascot – Warrington: £7.00/hour
Seeking an outgoing and self-motivated individual to become Lizzie the Lizard, the mascot for a local cricket team. You must be physically fit as you will be required to wear a substantial lizard suit and stand for lengthy periods of time. Fly catching skills not necessary.
Strolling Elf – Watford: £6.50/hour
Fancy living in winter wonderland? Seeking a joyous individual to roam grottos far and near, you'll invite children to see Santa Claus and be spreading Christmas cheer.
Empty office-sitter – London: £8.00/hour
Want to work in an office where you have all the freedom? Looking for a responsible and dedicated person to look after empty office building. Tea and coffee will be provided.
Trainee Banana Ripener – Kent: £20000/annum
Looking for an individual with an interest in fruit. You will be working in the ripening rooms to ensure the bananas are of the appropriate quality to meet customer expectations.
Trumpeter – Preston: £10/hour
Skilled and passionate brass musician wanted. Must have their own instrument, be able to sight read and solo on demand.
Erection Specialist – Welwyn Garden City: £14000/annum
Looking for an experienced fence erector to join our friendly team. You will be responsible for erecting fences including wood and metal palisade installations.
Roadkill Cleaner – Farnham: £7.00/animal
Street cleansing operative required. Must have a positive attitude to a physically demanding role. Must be flexible to work in all weather conditions.
Sandwich Artist – Bristol: £6.50 – £7.00/hour
Looking for an enthusiastic individual to master the art of sandwich making and thrive in a fast-paced environment. You will be required to create unique sandwiches to customer specification. No experience necessary.
Disney Site Manager – Anaheim, CA: £75000/annum
Looking for an experienced individual to run Tomorrowland at Disneyland Park. You must be passionate and dedicated to work in an innovative environment with the aim to create magical experiences and personal stories for all.
Bull Head Catcher – York: £230/week
Require an individual to support slaughtermen. Must be physically fit to assist with moving heavy loads and have a strong stomach. Experience preferable.
So there you have it! Just remember that if you're getting tired of your office job, there are certainly plenty of beautifully bizarre roles out there if you fancy a more eccentric career.
Media playback is not supported on this device Mancini calls for better medicals
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Premier League players should be given two medical screenings each year.
The Italian feels current health assessments are "better in Italy."
Professional Footballers' Association chief executive Gordon Taylor said: "For the last 20 years we have spent £350,000 a year on screening players."
Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore said there would be a review of medical procedures following Fabrice Muamba's cardiac arrest at Tottenham.
Medics spent six minutes trying to resuscitate the 23-year-old Muamba after the Bolton midfielder collapsed at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
Analysis Many sports in Britain regularly screen top athletes, although it is not mandatory as it is in some countries such as Italy. Feature: Are sport stars at more risk?
The level of care he received owed much to the changes implemented by the Premier League after Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech fractured his skull in 2006.
Nevertheless, City boss Mancini insists medical procedures in England are still not thorough enough.
"When I saw our medical [procedures] two years ago, I was worried. I said we need to do them better," he said. "We need to improve the medical side for the players.
"We need to screen the players often, maybe two times a year, and they have to be more accurate.
"What happened to Muamba can happen and that should be impossible."
PFA supremo Taylor added: "What they have in Italy is government-funded. In England the PFA does it.
"The truth is even if you screened someone every three months, there may be some things that wouldn't get picked up.
"For obvious reasons, in the immediate aftermath of Saturday night, we checked Fabrice's records and he had been screened four times."
Liverpool boss Kenny Dalglish said he is happy with the amount of times his players are medically screened.
Media playback is not supported on this device Premier League to review screenings
"Our players are scanned every two years," said Dalglish. "Someone coming to the club on a transfer or a young boy at 17 is scanned immediately. I don't know how accurate the screening is for everyone.
"Fabrice was also scanned, I'm led to believe four times, but you're not going to pick up everything up. Maybe he's been a little bit unfortunate."
Muamba was rushed to the intensive care unit of the heart attack centre at the London Chest Hospital immediately after receiving first aid following his collapse in the 42nd minute of Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final.
This contrasted with what Jose Mourinho claimed happened with Cech six years ago.
The then Chelsea manager argued that it took 30 minutes for an ambulance to arrive and treat the goalkeeper.
A South Central Ambulance Service NHS Trust spokesman countered the Portuguese's statement, telling BBC Radio 5 live that it took seven minutes.
But Chelsea made an official complaint that led to a Premier League and Football Association review.
That review prompted the introduction of a number of measures, notably ensuring an ambulance is in place at grounds for the exclusive use of players and that club doctors attend every game.
"We are looking at every aspect of what happened and if there are ways and means of improving," said Scudamore on Tuesday. "Incidents and events shape policy, shape developments, shape progress.
"Jose Mourinho made some strident comments about the treatment that Petr Cech got. Everything that we've put in place since helped Fabrice at least have a chance."
Muamba's condition has been downgraded from "critical" to "serious" by doctors at the London Chest Hospital, where he spent a "comfortable" night in intensive care on Monday.
Modeled after 529 education savings accounts, 529As are expected to be easier and far less costly to set up than special needs trusts.
But because 529A accounts have several limitations, they are not likely to replace the need for trust accounts for many families, though they may serve as a nice supplement. Although anyone can contribute to the 529A, including the person with disabilities, total contributions are capped at $14,000 a year.
Contributions are not tax-deductible, but the money grows tax-free, as long as withdrawals are used for disability-related expenses, like education, assistive technology and personal support services, health and wellness, among other things. But “it can't be used for Disney World, it can't be used for the movie theater,” said Brian Rubin, a lawyer on special needs in Buffalo Grove, Ill.
Image Credit Robert Neubecker
The 529A accounts are likely to be most attractive for disabled people who work and want to save more than $2,000, or for families who need a place to deposit gifts or inheritances from family members. Once the account balance exceeds $100,000, however, the individual's S.S.I. benefits will be cut off (Medicaid isn't affected). Spending ABLE account money on housing may reduce S.S.I. payments, too.
There's another drawback: After the individual dies, any money left in the account may be claimed by the state's Medicaid program for expenses incurred after the account was opened.
The accounts will be administered by the states, most of which are either working on or have passed laws to create the accounts, according to Sara Weir, president of the National Down Syndrome Society.
TRUSTS There are a few types of special-needs trusts, but “third party” trusts are frequently used by families who want to supplement what the disabled person receives through government-run programs. The trusts can sit empty for years, families can add money over time, or they can fund them with life insurance and estate proceeds. And they are quite flexible: The money can be spent on just about anything, as long as it's for the beneficiary, and any remaining money can be left to family.
The FDA's war on Mother Nature
(NaturalNews) The FDA has effectively banned a naturally-occurring form of vitamin B6 calledby declaring it to be a drug, reports the. Responding to a petition filed by a drug company, the FDA declared pyridoxamine to be "a new drug."Now, any nutritional supplements containing pyridoxamine will be consideredby the FDA, which may raid vitamin companies and seize such products. See the history of FDA raids on vitamin companies here: https://www.naturalnews.com/021791.html Pyridoxamine occurs naturally in fish, chicken and other foods ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vitamin_B6 ), putting the FDA in the strange position of banning a substance from dietary supplements even though it is already present in the food supply.It's not the first time the FDA has declared a natural molecule to be a "drug" while attacking nutritional supplements that contain the same molecule. A similar story unfolded withand themolecules it contains that lower high cholesterol. The drug companies engaged in biopiracy, ripping off the molecule from red yeast rice to make their now-famous "statin drugs." Once the statin drugs were patented, Big Pharma and the FDA went after red yeast rice, claiming the supplement was "adulterated with pharmaceuticals."It wasn't really adulterated, of course. It just contained a natural statin-drug-like molecule that the drug companies copied and patented.It would be like Big Pharma patenting vitamin C, then the FDA claiming that all oranges and lemons were adulterated with drugs because they naturally contain their own vitamin C.This is the insanity of the FDA as it operates today. You can read more about the FDA on our channel webiste www.FDAreform.org which is updated every few days.So will this ruling on pyridoxamine affect nutritional supplements? Yes, any supplements containing this form of vitamin B6 can now be declared "adulterated" by the FDA. Manufacturers of such supplements can be arrested and shut down for engaging in "illegal drug trafficking." Such is the nature of the FDA's agenda to criminalize nutritional supplement companies and limit consumers' access to Mother Nature's remedies.The pyridoxamine "drug," by the way (which is just pyridoxamine), is designed to prevent the progression of diabetic nephrothapy (kidney disease). Most likely, the FDA will eventually approve the "drug" for that condition, even while claiming vitamin B6 supplements containing the very same chemical are useless and insert.This is another classic oppression tactic of the FDA: Ban the herb, but promote the drug using the same chemicals. The same thing happened with ephedra, a Traditional Chinese Medicine herb known as. The FDA banned the herb, saying it was "dangerous at any dose," but pharmaceuticals containing the very same molecules (ephedrine) are still being sold over-the-counter as cold medicines, meaning they're available to any child without a prescription.The bottom line is this:. If a drug company can make money selling a vitamin as a drug, the FDA will gladly ban the vitamin and protect the drug. If a drug company can rip off molecules from Mother Nature and patent them, the FDA will ban those same molecules found in nature.All of this points to the urgent need to reform the FDA. A new petition demanding real FDA reform will be announced here on NaturalNews in the coming days.AAHF: http://aahf.nonprofitsoapbox.com/index.php?o... NewsFood.com: http://www.newsfood.com/?location=English&it... NaturalProductsInsider.com: http://www.naturalproductsinsider.com/hotnew...
On the same day the US government announced that al Qaeda in Iraq's Al Nusrah Front was a terrorist organization, Al Nusrah and nine other jihadist groups banded together in the Syrian province of Deir al Zour and formed a Mujahideen Shura Council.
The 10 jihadist groups, headed by the Al Nusrah Front, released a statement yesterday announcing the council's formation “on jihadist forums and pro-Syrian resistance social networking sites,” according to the SITE Intelligence Group, which obtained and translated the message.
“The jihadi Islamic brigades in the city of proud Deir al Zour in the Levant of Islam and garrison announce the establishment of the Mujahideen Shura Council in Deir al-Zour,” the statement said, according to SITE. The groups that joined the Mujahideen Shura Council in Deir al Zour are listed at the beginning of the statement, in the following order:
1. Al Nusrah Front 2. Al Ansar Brigades 3. Al Abbas Brigades 4. La Ilaha Ila Allah [There is No God but Allah] Battalion 5. Al Hamza Brigade 6. Al Sa'qah Brigade 7. Jund al Aziz Brigade 8. Izzuddin al Qassam Brigade 9. Abu al Qassam Brigade 10. Brigade of the Da'wa [Preaching] and Jihad Front
The Mujahideen Shura Council in Deir al Zour was formed to “unite the ranks of the jihadi brigades in the Cause of Allah, organize the efforts and the attacks against the soldiers of disbelief and apostasy, and distinguish the ranks of truth from falsehood,” the group stated.
“We call upon our sincere mujahideen brothers all over the strong Levant to unite their ranks in groups, pure of the filth of suspicious groups and the infiltration of people who have no qualities or faith, in order to clarify their banner and purify their path,” the statement continued.
Jihadist groups in Syria uniting
Jihadist groups in Syria are “beginning to coalesce under a single command, and are following the lead of the Al Nusrah Front,” a US intelligence official familiar with the situation in Syria told The Long War Journal.
“Al Nusrah isn't the only jihadist group operating in Syria, but as part of al Qaeda's franchise it has access to its resources and expertise,” the intelligence official continued. “Al Nusrah has the cachet to organize the local jihadists and integrate them.”
“The influence of the jihadist groups in Syria, and their prowess on the battlefield, is being vastly underestimated,” the official said. “Al Qaeda, through the Nusrah Front, is working to unite these disparate jihadist groups, just as it did in Iraq.”
In the summer of 2006, al Qaeda in Iraq formed the Mujahideen Shura Council to coordinate operations with various jihadist groups operating in Iraq. Later that year, al Qaeda in Iraq formed the Islamic State of Iraq (ISI) to serve as the political front, and the Mujahideen Shura Council was folded in under the ISI's military wing.
Just two months ago, jihadists in Gaza formed the Mujahideen Shura Council in the Environs of Jerusalem. Israeli intelligence officials believe the group was created for the purpose of uniting the al Qaeda-linked groups operating in Gaza.
The formation of the Mujahideen Shura Council in Deir al Zour takes place less than one month after 14 jihadist groups based in the Syrian city of Aleppo banded together to reject the newly formed National Coalition of Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces. Instead, the 14 groups, which include the Al Nusrah Front, called for the establishment of “a just Islamic State.”
Syrian opposition groups unite around Al Nusrah Front
Just as the US designated the Al Nusrah Front as a Foreign Terrorist Organization, calling it an “alias” of al Qaeda in Iraq and saying it was under the command of AQI emir Abu Du'a, 29 Syrian opposition groups rallied to support Al Nusrah, according to The Telegraph. The 29 opposition groups “signed a petition calling for mass demonstrations in support of” Al Nusrah.
“The petition is promoting the slogan ‘No to American intervention, for we are all Jabhat al Nusrah' and urges supporters to ‘raise the Jabhat al Nusrah flag' as a ‘thank you,” The Telegraph reported.
“These are the men for the people of Syria, these are the heroes who belong to us in religion, in blood and in revolution,” a statement on Syrian opposition Facebook pages said.
The spokesman for the Deir al Zour Revolutionary Council told The Telegraph that the Al Nusrah Front “is the strongest group here” and that the Free Syrian Army has selected commanders in the area that are “not representative” of the fighters in the province.
US recognizes the Syrian National Coalition
Despite the strong support for the Al Nusrah Front in Syrian opposition ranks, the US government has decided to recognize the Syrian National Coalition.
Last week, the Syrian National Coalition established a joint military command that is dominated by the Muslim Brotherhood and individuals linked to the various Salafist-jihadist groups.
“Its composition, estimated to be two-thirds from the Muslim Brotherhood and its allies, reflects the growing strength of Islamist fighters on the ground and resembles that of the civilian opposition leadership coalition created under Western and Arab auspices in Qatar last month, France 24 reported.
Senior military officers who defected from the Assad regime as well as military commanders opposed to the Muslim Brotherhood and Salafists were excluded from the joint command.
For more information on the Al Nusrah Front, see LWJ reports, US adds Al Nusrah Front, 2 leaders to terrorism list, and Al Nusrah Front, foreign jihadists seize key Syrian base in Aleppo.
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD's Long War Journal.
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD's Long War Journal? Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years? Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one-time or monthly donation. Thanks for reading! You can make a tax-deductible donation here.
The City of Iqaluit is asking residents not to drink the water coming from their taps unless it has been boiled for one minute.
Residents were also being asked Friday to use as little water as possible following a water main break that drained a large part of the city's reservoir.
"We are beginning to rebuild the water in our reservoir to a level that probably by eight, 10 hours from now will probably be at their historic levels," said Iqaluit Mayor Madeline Redfern.
"We're still asking people to conserve water, to be very aware that we don't want to add pressure and take away from the fact that we're trying to build that volume back up."
Redfern says an estimated 20 million litres flooded out last night, coursing through town and flooding the area near the breakwater.
The water main burst near Inuksuk High School around midnight.
The City of Iqaluit closed all non-essential services and asked businesses to close and for people to stay home and conserve water.
City crews worked to guide the flow of the water from the broken pipe to Frobisher Bay. (Paul Moore/CBC)
"Do not use water unless you absolutely have to," said Arif Sayani, director of planning and development with the City of Iqaluit. "This is just to make sure that we can provide water to the organizations that need it, like the hospital."
Qikiqtani General Hospital was accepting emergencies only Friday morning. All schools and government of Nunavut offices were closed. The high school had been closed since Wednesday due to frozen pipes.
Shortly after the water main burst, city crews were out with heavy equipment to blast culverts and help guide the flow of the water to Frobisher Bay.
Snowmobile users in Iqaluit are being asked to stay away from the breakwater area. Run-off from the water main is creating problems with water on the ice, and large amounts of snow and ice were piled there overnight during efforts to deal with the run-off.
City and government staff were attempting to close the pipe Friday morning and Sayani said the reservoir would fill in six or seven hours.
The cause of the break is not known at this point.
Malay is a Race recognizable in Malayunesia (or Malay Archipelago) and found dominance in Indonesia, Philippines and Malaysia.
Malays find and owe their ancestral lineages to Formosan (Taiwanese Aborigines), as well as Polynesian, Micronesian and Turkic. That Melayunesia, Melanesia, Polynesia and Micronesia together form Austronesia that covers about half of the entire global area, sea included.
A typical Malay Race carries Formosan lineage (Y-DNA Haplogroup O) of between 66.7% (Malaysian Malay) to 88.6% (Indonesian Javanese), Polynesian lineage (Y-DNA Haplogroup C) of between 1.9% (Indonesian Javanese) to 11.1% (Malaysian Malay), Micronesian lineage (Y-DNA Haplogroup K) of between 1.9% (Indonesian Javanese) to 11.1% (Malaysian Malay), and Turkic lineage of between 2.6% (Filipino) to 5.6% (Malaysian Malay).
This Formosan or Taiwanese Aborigines lineage (Y-DNA Haplogroup O-M175 is also shared by other nationalities in Asia-Oceania region. Listed below are nationalities that carry 60% or more of Formosan or Taiwanese Aborigines lineage, while similarly carrying Y-DNA lineages of Micronesian (Haplogroup K), Polynesian (Haplogroup C), and/or Turkic (HaplogroupR):
Taiwanese – 92.3% Formosan, 3.8% Polynesian, 3.8% Micronesian Vietnamese – 91% Formosan, 9.1% Polynesian Chinese – 83% Formosan, 11.1% Micronesian, 5.6% Polynesian Korean – 64% Formosan, 12% Polynesian, 8% Micronesian, 4% Turkic, 12% Others Tongan – 60% Formosan, 23% Polynesian, 10% Micronesian, 8% Melanesian
Whilst Formosan or Taiwanese Aborigines carry 100% Haplogroup ‘O' lineage, Polynesian of Cook Islanders were found to carry 83.3% Haplogroup ‘C' lineage, Micronesian carries 65.6% Haplogroup ‘K' lineage, Melanesian of Western New Guinea Highlanders carries 74.5% Haplogroup ‘M' lineage, and Turkic of Kyrgyztan carries 65.4% of Haplogroup ‘R' lineage. That they too, amongst them, do carry Taiwanese Aborigine ancestral lineage of between 1.1% (Melanesian of Western New Guinea Islander) to 7.7% (Turkic of Kyrgyztan).
It is interesting to note that Micronesian, Melanesian (of WNG Highlander) and Turkic (of Kyrgyztan) amongst them do carry Y-DNA Haplogroup ‘C' ancestry – found dominant in Polynesian Cook Islander (83.3%) – of between 13.5% (Turkic of Kyrgyztan) and 24.5% (Melanesian of Western New Guinea Highlander).
Haplogroup C originated in southern Asia and spread in all directions. This particular ancestral lineage colonized Austronesia and Australia, north Asia, and currently is found with its highest diversity in populations of India, as well as Americas.
Apparently, the Malai (Malay) race of the Mala Land (Malaya) is a mixed race of ancestral lineages that are linked to Turkic Israelite's race (Y-DNA haplogroup ‘R'); Formosan (Y-DNA haplogroup ‘O'), Micronesian (Y-DNA haplogroup ‘K') and Polynesian (Y-DNA haplogroup ‘C'') of south- east and east Asian race.
It is strongly believe that Polynesians are descendants of ancient Scythian or Scyths race.
That makes Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Chinese (who does not carry Y-DNA haplogroup ‘R') very much related, whilst Malays are identical with the Japanese and the Korean (who both also carry Y-DNA haplogroup ‘R' as well).
That ‘Malaysia is truly Asia' is essentially based on ‘Malay is truly Asian'.
Haplogroup O-M175, which is the Haplogroup O defined by mutation M175 has various subclades as follows:
Haplogroup O1a-M119 (Austro-Tai): Found frequently among Austronesian peoples, Kradai peoples, and Ethnic minorities in China.
This lineage is presumed to be a marker of the prehistoric Austronesian expansion, with possible origins encompassing the regions along the southeastern coast of China and neighboring Taiwan, and is found among modern populations of Maritime Southeast Asia and Oceania. The great majority of Y-chromosomes within Haplogroup O1 belong to its subgroup O1a (M119).
Haplogroup O2a-M95 (Austro-Asiatic): Found frequently among Austro-Asiatic peoples, Kradai peoples, the Khmers of Cambodia, Indonesians, the Balinese of Indonesia, Malays, and Malagasy, with a moderate distribution throughout South Asia, East Asia, Central Asia, and Southeast Asia,
Haplogroup O2a1-M88: Found frequently among Hani, She peoples, Tai peoples, Cambodians, and Vietnamese, with a moderate distribution among Qiang, Yi, Hlai, Miao, Yao, Taiwanese aborigines, and Han Chinese.
Haplogroup O2a1a-PK4: Found with low frequency among Pashtuns, Tharus, and tribals of Andhra Pradesh.
Haplogroup O2b (SRY465, M176): Found almost exclusively among the Korean, Japanese, Thai, Vietnamese and Indonesian.
Haplogroup O2b1-47z: Found frequently among Japanese and Ryukyuans, with a moderate distribution among Indonesians, Koreans, Manchus, Thais, and Vietnamese.
Haplogroup O3a3b-M7 (Hmong-Mien): Found frequently among Ancient Daxi culture and modern Hmong-Mien peoples, with a moderate distribution among Han Chinese,Buyei,Bai, Mosuo, Tibetans, Qiang, Oroqen, Tujia, Thai, Orang Asli, western Indonesians, Malaysians, Vietnamese, and Atayal.
Haplogroup O3a3c-M134 (Sino-Tibetan): Found frequently among Sino-Tibetan peoples, with a moderate distribution throughout East Asia and Southeast Asia.
References:
‘Y-Chromosome Diversity Is Inversely Associated With Language Affiliation in Paired Austronesian- and Papuan-Speaking Communities from Solomon Islands' By MURRAY P. COX* AND MARTA MIRAZON LAHR, Leverhulme Centre for Human Evolutionary Studies, Department of Biological Anthropology, University of Cambridge, Downing Street, Cambridge, United Kingdom, AMERICAN JOURNAL OF HUMAN BIOLOGY 18:35–50 (2006)
The Austronesian Heritage
Advertisements
LONDON (Reuters) - Chancellor Philip Hammond played down expectations of a surge in public spending to offset the economic hit from the Brexit vote, but said he could fund modest infrastructure projects if needed.
Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond arrives for a meeting at Number 10 Downing Street in London, Britain August 2, 2016. REUTERS/Neil Hall
Shortly after taking office in July, Hammond said he might ‘reset' his predecessor's plans to target a budget surplus by 2020, suggesting he could go big on spending to help Britain cope with the impact of June's European Union referendum result.
But on Thursday, he signalled that any stimulus in the budget update he is due to announce on Nov. 23 is likely to be modest.
“We have not abandoned the intention to move to a surplus,” Hammond said in his first appearance before a parliamentary committee as finance minister. “What I have said is that we will not target that at the end of this parliament (in 2020).”
Since Hammond made his initial remarks on the possible need for a fiscal ‘reset', signs have grown that the economy has bounced back from the immediate shock of the Brexit vote.
The Bank of England has cut interest rates to a record low and restarted its bond buying programme, though on Wednesday Governor Mark Carney said he still expected growth to halve from its rate in the months before the referendum.
Many economists have said record low borrowing costs and Britain's weak growth prospects present an ideal opportunity for the government to break away from the tight controls on spending imposed by former finance minister George Osborne over the last six years and borrow to fund major infrastructure projects.
But Hammond said big projects would take too long to deliver an economic benefit. “I think there is a role for big, strategic projects, but they are unlikely to be ever able to contribute to fiscal stimulus because of the timelines involved,” he said.
“Often it is modest, rapidly deliverable investments that can have the most immediate impact, particularly on the road network, but also in some places on the rail network.”
Bigger rail projects such as High Speed 2, which will link London with northern England, or a possible east-west link for northern cities, needed to be considered separately, he said.
“UNHEALTHY” FINANCES
Britain's public finances were “unhealthy” and public debt was close to a level that might affect markets' willingness to buy British government bonds, Hammond said. “So I don't think we should be cavalier about the level of the debt,” he said.
Britain's budget deficit last year was 4 percent of gross domestic product - high for a country that was enjoying strong growth - and its 1.6 trillion pounds ($2.1 trillion) of public debt amounts to 83 percent of GDP.
Brian Hilliard, an economist at Société Générale in London, said Hammond's comments reduced the chance of a “big bang” announcement on Nov. 23. “I think one should be expecting rather less dramatic changes in the Autumn statement,” he said.
Boosting productivity was the biggest challenge for the economy and housing was an area where the country lagged, Hammond said.
Britain needed to increase the rate of house building, which was more constrained by planning rules than by finance, and to ensure there were homes to rent as well as to buy.
Former Prime Minister David Cameron and Osborne focussed on helping home-owners get mortgages, but successive governments have failed to reform Britain's complex planning system.
Related Coverage Hammond warns EU against attempt to break up City of London
Despite the low cost of public borrowing, there was also a case for using private-sector finance but only as part of a package that transferred construction and operating risk to the private sector, Hammond said.
The involvement of France's EDF (EDF.PA) in the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point - a project Prime Minister Theresa May has put under review - did meet these standards, Hammond said.
He also said the government would sell student loans to the private sector when market conditions were right.
Guitarist Jim Root says that he has "no desire" to rejoin STONE SOUR, claiming that some of his former bandmates just want to write "poppy rock" songs for the radio.
Root and SLIPKNOT singer Corey Taylor much of the last four years recording and touring behind three full STONE SOUR studio records, including 2010's "Audio Secrecy" and the double concept album "House Of Gold & Bones".
Root was dismissed from STONE SOUR at the end of last year — even as he and Taylor were working together on a new SLIPKNOT album. Root told Guitar World magazine about the differences that led to the split: "Some of the guys in STONE SOUR, I think they just want to be a radio band and write strictly for radio and try to be more of a poppy rock band. And that's not really what I'm into. There's at least one guy in the band that's only concemed about money. I really have no desire to associate with people like that anymore."
Jim recently told Revolver magazine that a disagreement about STONE SOUR's touring activities precipitated his exit from the group. "It became apparent to me near the end of the album cycle for 'House Of Gold & Bones' that it had basically run its course," he said. "But the band kept pushing for more dates, and I was just, like, 'It's time to stop!'"
He continued, "SLIPKNOT made it possible for STONE SOUR to have everything that it has and there were people in SLIPKNOT that have been sitting idly waiting to do a new album. And I had fans asking me every day, 'When are you doing SLIPKNOT?'"
Root said that he was fired from STONE SOUR in November 2013, revealing, "I was mad because STONE SOUR wanted to go do a tour and they didn't want me to be a part of it. So I had a little anger, and I had a little bit of depression. I was kind of hurt. But at the same time, it was probably all for the better, because I wasn't really happy in that band anymore."
Taylor addressed the issue as well, saying, "It was difficult, at first. It put a strain between him and I for a little bit. It was one of those things where the timing just sucked. But at the same time, we knew that, on both sides, we've gotta do what we've gotta do."
Taylor added that working together on the new SLIPKNOT album actually helped mend fences between him and Root, explaining, "We were able to kind of channel that and put it into what we were making, which I think in a lot of ways helped the overall aggression and emotion really get there."
The Department of Homeland released more than 52,000 illegal alien children into the United States this past fiscal year — about 149 per day — many to family members who also were in the country unlawfully.
The number, 52,147, was nearly double the 27,840 released in fiscal 2015 — but lower than the 53,515 in fiscal 2014, according to data released this week by the Office of Refugee Resettlement of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
The figures were reported Thursday by the Media Research Center. The federal government's fiscal year runs from Oct. 1 to Sept. 30.
Fiscal 2014 was marked by a huge influx of unaccompanied minors from Central America flooding the U.S. border with Mexico that strained law-enforcement and federal resources.
Processed as "refugees" and transferred to Refugee Resettlement, the children are released with a notice to appear before a federal immigration judge.
However, more than a third do not show up for their final hearing, according to the report.
In February, Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions slammed Obama administration officials after they admitted that no more than 4 percent of the illegal children are returned to their native countries.
According to the fiscal 2016 figures, here are the top five states where illegal children were sent:
Japanese forward Yoshinori Muto proved to be 1. FSV Mainz 05's saviour on Matchday 11, grabbing a hat-trick – including a last-minute equaliser – to salvage a point in a 3-3 draw away to FC Augsburg.
Speaking after the final whistle, the 23-year-old reflected on a hugely entertaining, if topsy-turvy, encounter.
Question: Yoshinori Muto, are you satisfied at scoring three goals? Or are you disappointed you did not get a fourth?
Muto: It would have been good if I'd got four as the team would've won the game. But we were 3-2 down, so it's good that we managed to draw.
Question: Are you happy with the point?
Muto: No, not at all. We were 2-0 up and then gave away three goals. That's something we need to improve on. It would've been a waste to have scored and still lost the game. We need to learn from this match for our next games.
There is a whole lot of fail here:
“Scott – You have our sincere apologies for the lack of a better hold room today,” wrote Vice President Biden spokeswoman Elizabeth Alexander last Wednesday to Orlando Sentinel reporter Scott Powers. “Lack of a better hold room” is an interesting way of putting it. In order to keep Powers from mingling with guests at a Democratic fundraiser last Wednesday, Powers was escorted into a storage closet by a Biden staffer. Powers was the designated pool reporter, there to record the proceedings for the press corps in general. He told ABC News that he showed up at 11:15 a.m. Wednesday to cover Vice President Biden and Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., attending a $500-a-head fundraiser at the Winter Park manse of developer Alan Ginsburg. A young female staffer met him at the door and brought him to the storage closet. “You're going to have to wait in here until the VP gets here,” he says she told him. “You're kidding me,” he recalls responding.
I have absolutely NO idea what the Biden team was thinking. I saw a picture of the mansion, and I know there has to be at least one room that he could have been in other than a storage closet. This is just disastrous work from Biden's staff, and you can expect a lot of catty pieces from the Beltway boys about this.
But the bigger question to me is why does the press allow itself to be locked in a holding room in the first place? What kid of reporting is that? What self-respecting “reporter” would agree to those terms? It's absurd. You're a reporter, not a stenographer, you should have full access or refuse to cover it. If they just want you to print about Biden's speech, tell them to send you a copy via email, that you have better things to do. And then savage them in the press until they realize not giving you access is worse than giving you unrestricted access. Hell, the media in Libya have better access.
Powers says the situation was never “rectified.” Any time he stuck his head out he'd been shooed back inside. He said he was held for more than an hour in the closet, was allowed out for 35 minutes of remarks by Biden and Nelson, after which it was back into the closet until the VP left.
The proper response to being “shooed back inside” a closet buy some staffer is to tell them to go fuck themselves, walk out with your head up, and then proceed to make their lives miserable in your paper. Not to whine about it after accepting the treatment. They have to be hiding something, right? Otherwise why do they want you in a holding room? And why do you call yourself a reporter and let them treat you that way?
BERLIN (Reuters) - Growing levels of perceived corruption and social inequality provided fertile ground for the rise of populist politicians in 2016, global watchdog Transparency International said on Wednesday.
FILE PHOTO: Somalian shillings and U.S. dollars are held at an open forex bureau in Somalia's capital Mogadishu, January 27, 2016. REUTERS/Feisal Omar/File Photo
TI said populist leaders like U.S. President Donald Trump and French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen regularly drew links between a “corrupt elite” and the marginalization of working people. But anti-establishment parties generally failed to address corruption once in office, the group said.
“In the case of Donald Trump, the first signs of such a betrayal of his promises are already there,” TI's research chief Finn Heinrich wrote in a blog about the report. He said Trump was talking about “rolling back key anti-corruption legislation and ignoring potential conflicts of interest that will exacerbate, not control, corruption.”
The TI report came two days after constitutional and ethics lawyers filed a lawsuit alleging that Trump was “submerged in conflicts of interest”. Trump dismissed the allegations and said the lawsuit filed by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington was “without merit”.
The group's annual report said Qatar showed the biggest drop in confidence in 2016 after scandals involving the FIFA soccer scandals and reports of human rights abuses. Somalia was the worst performer on the list for the 10th year.
TI said the report showed pervasive public-sector corruption around the world. Sixty-nine percent of 176 countries scored below 50 on the index scale of 0 to 100, with 0 perceived to be highly corrupt and 100 considered “very clean.” More countries declined in the index than improved in 2016, it noted.
Once in place, populist leaders appeared almost “immune to challenges about corrupt behavior,” Heinrich wrote. The scores of Hungary and Turkey - countries with autocratic leaders - fell in recent years, for example. Argentina, which ousted a populist government, saw its score improve.
To break the “vicious circle” between corruption and the unequal distribution of power and wealth in societies, TI said, governments should stop the revolving door between business leaders and high-ranking government positions.
It also called for greater controls on banks and other businesses that helped launder money, and moves to ban secret companies that hide the identities of their real owners.
TI said big corruption cases like those involving oil giant Petroleo Brasileiro SA (Petrobras) in Brazil and Ukrainian ex-president Viktor Yanukovych showed how national revenues were being siphoned off to benefit the few, fueling social exclusion.
Brazil's score on the index had dropped over the past five year after a spate of corruption scandals, but independent law enforcement bodies there had begun bringing to justice those previously considered untouchable, TI said.
Denmark and New Zealand performed best in 2016, with scores of 90, followed closely by Finland (89) and Sweden (88). Somalia remained the worst performer with a score of 10, followed by South Sudan (11), North Korea (12) and Syria (13).
The United States ranked 18th on the list, down from 16th in 2016, with a perceived corruption score of 74.
You know that catchy tune that you can't get out of your head? Scientists are currently trying to get to the bottom of why it is so addictive. We spoke to an expert in the field about the future of earworm design and their evolutionary role.
Researchers uncover the anatomy of an earworm. Researchers uncover the anatomy of an earworm.
Dr. Kelly Jakubowski has been playing violin since she was 5 years old and has been fascinated by music and musical performance for as long as she can remember.
As an undergraduate student, she began asking questions about what the brain does when it listens to music. Today, Dr. Jakubowski spends her professional life studying music psychology, including the fascinating concept of earworms.
Earworms, or, to give them their scientific name, involuntary musical imagery, are those melodies that get stuck in our heads and, often, cannot be shifted.
For the first time, this odd phenomenon has received a thorough scientific inspection. What exactly makes a tune into an earworm?
A commonly held belief is that songs that are regularly played on the radio and other media are more likely to become earworms. For the first time, research has confirmed that, although this is true, there is much more to musical stickiness than hearing a song multiple times.
The results of the study, carried out at Goldsmiths, University of London in the United Kingdom, are published this week in the journal Psychology of Aesthetics, Creativity, and the Arts.
To get to the bottom of this odd but intriguing phenomenon, the team analyzed data from 3,000 individuals who completed a questionnaire called "The Earwormery" between 2010-2013.
What makes an earworm?
Once the most common earworms had been collated, their structure could be analyzed. They took the top 100 songs described as earworms and matched them with 100 songs of a similar level of popularity, age, and style. Once the songs were paired, the researchers compared and scrutinized the ditties using "83 statistical summary and corpus-based melodic features and automated classification techniques."
There were some clear patterns that the earworm melodies had in common.
"These musically sticky songs seem to have quite a fast tempo along with a common melodic shape and unusual intervals or repetitions like we can hear in the opening riff of Smoke On The Water by Deep Purple or in the chorus of Bad Romance by Lady Gaga." Dr. Kelly Jakubowski
Another shared trait is that the first phrase of an earworm rises in pitch and the second phrase falls in pitch, for instance - the first notes of "Moves Like Jagger" by Maroon 5, which ranked highly in the earworm stakes.
The songs most commonly reported as earworms were:
Bad Romance - Lady Gaga Can't Get You Out Of My Head - Kylie Minogue Don't Stop Believing - Journey Somebody That I Used To Know - Gotye Moves Like Jagger - Maroon 5 California Gurls - Katy Perry Bohemian Rhapsody - Queen Alejandro - Lady Gaga Poker Face - Lady Gaga.
So, if you have ever been stuck repeating any of those tunes in your brain ad nauseum, you are not alone. The results make fascinating reading and open the door to other interesting questions. Medical News Today recently caught up with Dr. Jakubowski to find out more.
'Dissecting an earworm'
MNT: Do you think that, in the far future, an algorithm might be created that can automatically generate perfect, unshakable earworms?
Dr. Jakubowski: I think that computers will be able to write quite catchy melodies in the future and that research like mine can help a bit to inform about the rules needed to give to computers to generate said catchy melodies.
However, I think there is a human element that computers will not be able to capture in generating the 100 percent perfect earworm; we know from research that there are a lot of individual differences between different people in terms of the earworm experience and that people with certain personality traits and backgrounds are more susceptible to earworms than others.
I would also speculate that 'the perfect earworm' for one person will not be the same 'perfect earworm' for another, and this would thus pose a huge challenge to a computerized 'earworm generator.'"
MNT: Are you planning to carry out any follow-up studies, and if so, what are your plans?
Dr. Jakubowski: "Yes, now that we have revealed some melodic features that contribute to the earworm experience we want to look into other elements of the songs, such as the lyrics of the songs or the harmonic structure and instrumentation.
The features of the pitch and rhythm that our study looked into may be just the tip of the iceberg in terms of understanding what it is about certain melodies that make them so catchy."
MNT: Are earworms are a cross-cultural phenomenon? If so, do you have any theories as to why this "condition" might have evolved?
Dr. Jakubowski: "I wrote a paper with Lassi Liikkanen in which we looked at 80,000 tweets on Twitter from 173 locations throughout the world, suggesting this is a fairly widespread phenomenon in diverse locations throughout the world.
We speculate that one of the reasons earworms may have evolved is to aid consolidation of songs within long-term memory. In the days before written language, information was sometimes passed on via music, thus, it was quite important to evolve mechanisms to help us store musical information in memory. Nowadays, we don't pass on that much crucial information via music, but we do in some cases, such as teaching our children the ABCs."
The earworm phenomenon is an intriguing facet of the human experience. Further research will no doubt expand our current understanding of human psychology and the intimate relationship with have with melody.
Learn how dance and music alter the brain in opposite ways.
Share. Kill everyone, brag to your friends. Kill everyone, brag to your friends.
Max Payne is a stylish dude. His games have flashy presentation, his slo-mo shoot-dodge lends some flair to his kills, and his tie just defies fashion. Rockstar encourages further style in Max Payne 3 with Arcade Mode, a single-player challenge game type geared toward old-school fans, leaderboard hounds, and the Social Club obsessed.
Arcade Mode opens up as you complete each campaign chapter, and it comes in two flavors. Score Attack breaks your kills into categorized points, so the better you murder the higher you score. Body shots give you a worthless 10 points, so aim for the face to score 100, blow dudes to pieces for 200, or devastate a vehicle for 250. True to form, style dictates score, so diving in Bullet Time, shooting while lying on the floor, and killing quickly net you multipliers.
To balance it out, killing civilians, using painkillers to recover health, and taking bullets yourself deduct points. This could add up quick – Max is vulnerable, so he needs to heal up after just a few shots. Playing cautiously and effectively is the key to breaking even and staying above the zero-points mark. To keep you focused on the score at all times, Score Attack goes so far as to cut the story cinematics from each mission.
New York Minute Mode, on the other hand, is even more demanding. It's for super-skilled speed-runners looking to blast through their favorite missions again. With just 60 seconds on the starting clock, you'll have to earn kills and headshots to add time to the ticking timer. Your high scores and best times wind up on a Rockstar Social Club leaderboard where friends and nemeses can try to tear you down. It's not just about status, though, since you'll earn experience points at the end of each level – the higher the medal, the more XP you earn.
Natutrally, Max's goal is always to put lead in heads, but Arcade Mode adds enough interesting variables that it should lend a great deal to Max Payne 3, making it meaningful and fun to return to after you've wrapped the story. Smart players will be able to stack multipliers and maximize output. Less skilled players could learn new tactics here, which would benefit them when they dig into the competitive multiplayer.
Look for IGN's full impressions on Arcade mode, online multiplayer, and more when our Max Payne 3 review hits next week. If you crave more information on how the scoring works, on Arcade Mode in general, or just anything related to Max Payne 3, check out our Max Payne 3 wiki!
Mitch Dyer is an Associate Editor for IGN's Xbox 360 team. He's also quite Canadian. Read his ramblings on Twitter and follow him on IGN.
Craigh na Dun and other top Outlander locations
Outlander has and is doing wonders for the Scottish tourism industry. With two blockbuster seasons now under their belts, the works of Diana Gabaldon have gone down a storm, particularly with our friends from across the pond. Depicting the action-packed journey of Claire and Jamie, it's a fantastic blend of time-travelling fantasy, an endlessly moving love story….and gory Jacobite historical reality. With visits to the show's filming locations increasingly in demand, I'm often asked about how to experience your own little taste of the Outlander journey. From the Standing Stones at Craigh na Dun to the dreaded Fort William, Scotland has you covered.
There are countless spots in Scotland that were used for filming the first two seasons of the show. As a means of narrowing down the list somewhat though, here is a selection of my personal stand-out picks. As part of my itinerary packages, I also teamed up with historian David Weinczok last year to provide a more comprehensive list of filming sites and others with a strong Jacobite connection. If it's just a taster you're after though, read on…..
Craigh na Dun
Where else could I start? The mystical and enchanting spot where Claire and Frank first come across the mighty standing stones that soon after were to propel Claire back in time. They have been an ever-present since, including in Season 4 when everyone's been at the time travel game. No standing stones actually exist here but for me they are based on a combination of Callanish and Clava Cairns, both of which are outstanding Scottish tourist sites. Even without the presence of the colossal pillars, this spot in Perthshire is a fantastic selection as Craigh na Dun. Hats off to the Outlander crew.
Finding the exact spot of Craigh na Dun is not immediately clear but the site of filming is at Kinnloch Rannoch in Perthshire. On the south side of the Dunalastair Reservoir in Tay Forest Park under the watchful gaze of the spectacular and conical Schiehallion mountain, this is scenic Highland Perthshire at its best. You will recognise the mound from the roadside and it's just a short walk out to the site. Kinnloch Rannoch was used in numerous other scenes and with good reason – it's one of the most remote and beautiful areas in the country.
Castle Leoch
The Mackenzie base of operations is in fact the wonderful Doune Castle, located a short drive from the city of Stirling. Something of a ‘Hollywood' castle, it has also appeared in Monty Python and, briefly, as Winterfell's interior in Game of Thrones. Doune Castle is consistently on my lists of top Scottish castles and, as a hub between the Highlands and Central Scotland, has seen plenty of celebrity visitors. Bonnie Prince Charlie himself was one such famous face and the castle was used as a temporary prison for government prisoners in the Jacobite wars. Which makes for a nice and authentic Outlander connection.
Castle Leoch is a very prominent participant in the show as the seat of Clan Mackenzie and the list of visitors has shot up considerably as a result. Be sure to make your way around the atmospheric interior and out onto the roof for fabulous views north towards the Highlands. My tip would be to visit on weekdays at the beginning or end of the day to avoid some of the crowds.
Devil's Pulpit, Glen Finnich – A real-life Craigh na dun
Found within 30 minutes of the centre of our biggest city, this remote and haunting little spot has exploded onto tourist itineraries in recent years. This massive, insanely vibrant, gorge doubles as Liar's Spring in Season 1 of Outlander when Claire and Dougal are having a bit of a barney. Upon drinking from the stream, Dougal is convinced of her trustworthiness. Outwith Outlander folklore, rumour has it that this was the spot where the Devil addressed his cronies or also was a meeting point for druids. All very mysterious.
You can get there by following the A809 away from Glasgow, headed to Drymen to the south east of Loch Lomond. You'll want to park (if you can) as close to the turnoff to the B834 as you can get. There are some roadside spaces but they are pretty limited so I advise getting there early to beat most of the crowds. Despite not being signed or really in any way kitted-out for tourism, this place can get very busy. Get to the Glen by walking (east side of the road) along the fairly obvious path until you see a very makeshift staircase heading steeply down into the gorge. Use the ropes to support you (not suitable for all) and once at the bottom you can either be happy with the views all around or wade a little to the Pulpit itself. It's popular with canyoners now and you'll be up to your knees in water if you do wade so keep that in mind in your preperation.
Culross
Culross is one of the prettiest and quaintest little towns you're likely to find in the UK – a country that excels in this department. A 17th Century Scottish Royal Burgh, it is resplendent in whitewashed buildings that pull in photographers and artists en masse. It is the town where time has stood still. Particularly memorable are Culross Palace and Culross Abbey. The former is a magnificent example of wealthy living in the early 17th Century; the latter as a remarkably reflective church that delivers a deafening silence on entry. There are wonderful views over the Firth of Forth throughout the town.
In Outlander, Culross was used as the village of Cranesmuir. Most memorably the square was the site of local punishments. Remember the wee boy with his nailed ear? Or Geillis being hauled off to a grim demise for witchcraft? On a more suitably cheery note, Culross Palace Gardens doubled as the Castle Leoch gardens where Claire goes to pick herbs. You can also read about nearby Falkland – Inverness in the show – with my Top Things to do in Falkland post.
Blackness Castle
I vividly remember a school trip to Blackness Castle as a wee boy. The enduring memories of awe making it one of my favourite castles in Central Scotland. In truth, it's a grim and chilling place that is exposed to the Firth of Forth's oft-brutal breeze. What the 15th Century fortress lacks in romantic appeal though, it makes up for in moody character. Hence why it was another fantastic choice by Team Outlander to double as Fort William, the Highland headquarters for the government forces.
This was the location where Jamie was brutally flogged in Season 1 by a possessed Black Jack Randall. With strips of his back hanging loose, it was a mauling that would have killed most men. An early insight into the sadistic nature of the English officer. Jamie and the lads were also to stage their dramatic nick-of-time rescue of Claire here when she was captured in a later episode.
Blackness Castle is to be found in West Lothian, on the south shore of the Firth of Forth and has some memorable views over to Fife and of the distinctive Forth Bridges. Nearby Linlithgow is another top filming spot as is East Lothian‘s Preston Mill.
Lallybroch
Moving on full-spectrum from sullen Blackness, Lallybroch is an altogether different affair. It's up there with the Craigh na Dun location for magical appeal. Actually Midhope Castle, this is the site of Jamie's family seat. Jamie's sister Jenny and her husband Ian look after the place while Jamie is away getting in trouble at every opportunity. When the happy couple do return to Lallybroch, it ensures a rare period of peaceful contentment. That typically lasts a day or two. Who knows what's in store for it in Season 3 however….
Midhope Castle is on the extensive Hopetoun Estate and requires a permit to visit. It is, in fact, derelict and inaccessible so visitors will have to content themselves with the exterior….and their imagination. Permits can be purchased at nearby Hopetoun Farm Shop and need to be arranged on the day of visiting.
We are certain to have not seen the last of at least some of these great Outlander filming locations. Each has their own charm and, due largely to the limited access to the show in the UK, are generally not inundated with visitors…..yet. With Season 3 filming on-going in Scotland as I write, new Scottish locations are imminent. Just the other day, Glasgow University was awash with cameras as it prepares to double for Boston. And it's fairly safe to say that we'll be seeing a scene or two from Culloden.
Long may it continue!
Subscribe to Blog via Email
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
As the United States brings tens of thousands of troops home from Afghanistan this year and attention shifts from the battlefield to care for the wounded, there is another group of veterans the country must not forget.
Thousands of Afghan interpreters who have risked their lives alongside U.S. forces in Afghanistan now face death threats from the Taliban and other insurgent groups—and so qualify for U.S. visas. But the U.S. government has proved disappointingly slow in granting those visas.
For the past three years, my husband and I have worked to try to secure U.S. visas for three courageous Afghan interpreters who worked with the U.S. military for much of the past decade, Ibrahim “Abe” Khan and his younger brothers, Ismail (“Ish”) and Imran.
We've written letters, completed paperwork, and spent hours on the phone with visa offices to push through bureaucratic obstacles. When the process stalled, we appealed for help from State Department officials, to no avail. So we contacted Senator John McCain (R-Ariz.), whose staff's inquiries at the State Department were more fruitful. McCain's interest helped put Ish and Imran on a fast track. But Abe's more complicated case went nowhere.
The bottom line: it appears that in many cases the visa applications languish in a labyrinthine security review process—and nothing short of the glare of media publicity and high-level intervention can pry them loose. The irony is that the Afghans have already proven their reliability and trustworthiness in the heat of battle.
Abe, for example, is one of the bravest men I know. He risked his life alongside U.S. Special Forces in Afghanistan from 2003 to 2012, including a firefight that earned one of his U.S. comrades the Medal of Honor.
On the cold, dark morning of January 25, 2008, Abe was on patrol with U.S. Army Special Forces Staff Sgt. Robert Miller and his team in Afghanistan's eastern Konar Province when suddenly they came under a brutal ambush. Dozens of insurgents fired rifles and machine guns from positions in a steep valley above them. Miller fearlessly led the charge and was shot, but kept fighting until he dropped—an act of valor for which he was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. Repeatedly braving heavy fire, Abe helped recover Miller's body and evacuate the wounded, including the Special Forces team leader, then Captain Robert Cusick.
“During this battle, [Abe] performed just as well as the detachment members,” Cusick wrote in a letter of recommendation for Abe in October 2013.
Abe didn't stop there, Cusick said. “Upon returning to Afghanistan in 2009, I contacted Ibrahim to travel across the country to come serve as our interpreter. Without questioning or regard for his own safety, [Abe] showed up at our front gate to work as our interpreter. His loyalty and dedication to supporting U.S. forces is unsurpassed.”
Cusick met with Abe in late 2013 and presented him with his own Medal of Honor.
Abe and an estimated 5,000 Afghans considered in danger of retribution for their service to the American government and military are still waiting for U.S. visas. Less than a quarter of the available visas allotted for Afghan allies by Congress under a program started in 2009 have been issued. Meanwhile, new applications continue to pour in as a September 2014 cut-off date nears. Advocacy groups such as the Iraqi Refugee Assistance Project, which also helps Afghans, are concerned that with a shortage of time and only 3,000 available visas, the United States will leave many deserving Afghans behind.
In January, we were overjoyed when Abe's brother Imran received his U.S. visa and together with his wife came to live with us in Seattle. Ish and his wife and two young sons are expected to receive their visas and join us here within a month.
Yet still, Abe—and so many others—remain in jeopardy.
On a trip to Afghanistan in September 2013, I reached out directly to the U.S. Embassy in Kabul and to the U.S. military command. Officials advised me that often the only way to achieve momentum in stalled cases such as Abe's was through public pressure. Last month, with this article underway, Abe received an email from the embassy for the first time in years—but his outcome remains uncertain.
Like the American soldiers he fought alongside, Abe suffers the mental wounds of war—haunted by strange nightmares that leave him agitated and lonely. In 2012, I saw Abe's courage up close when he laid down machine gun fire in multiple enemy attacks on our location in Konar Province. Abe never left an American on the battlefield, and like other veterans of our wars he should have our support now.
Ann Scott Tyson is the author of ++ American Spartan: The Promise, The Mission, and The Betrayal of Special Forces Major Jim Gant ++ [http://www.amazon.com/American-Spartan-Ann-Scott-Tyson-ebook/dp/B00DB30K12/ref=sr_sp-atf_title_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1397270158&sr=1-1&keywords=american+spartan+the+promise+the+mission+and+the+betrayal+of+special+forces+major+jim+gant], which describes the extraordinary mission of Maj. Jim Gant, a decorated Green Beret who helped change the face of the Afghanistan war when his 2009 paper “One Tribe at a Time” went viral within influential military communities, and led top U.S. commanders such as Gen. David Petraeus to use Gant's ideas to catapult a bold new local security initiative in Afghanistan.
As GOP nominee Donald Trump grabs daily headlines with his controversial tweets, Twitter may be the social media platform getting the most buzz this election season. But there is another popular social media website that is spreading the conversation about the candidates in ways 140 characters struggle to achieve: through the force of user-generated news links and forums.
Reddit, or "the front page of the internet," as the website describes itself, has become a bastion of cute kitten memes, movie trailers, TIL (Today I Learned) posts and political discussion for those fed up with established media organizations controlling the conversation. With 234 million unique users and 8 billion pages views a month, Reddit is the ninth largest website in the U.S., according to its advertising page.
That's a large chunk of people, and supporters of presidential candidates have begun to gather there. None are more notable than the Bernie Sanders faithful, who at the end of the Vermont senator's run for the Democratic nomination had gathered over 225,000 subscribed members on the r/SandersForPresident topic forum (known as a subreddit) and millions of page views per month. As one of the largest 200 subreddits on the website, r/SandersForPresident was filled with pro-Sanders content, including news articles and personal notes about the progressive darling, links to campaign resources, conspiracy theories about his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton and even fundraiser links (which earned the Sanders cause nearly $3 million in contributions). It also helped spawn the "Bernie Bro" movement, a group of passionate male Sanders supporters who trashed Clinton in crude ways.
But that all changed last month during the Democratic Convention when Sanders solidified his endorsement of Clinton as the nominee, and the subreddit backing his campaign was shut down, much to the chagrin of its subscribers.
In the aftermath of the shut down, at least one of the subreddits dedicated to a remaining candidate is attempting to pick up these abandoned redditers looking for a new home and who want something a little more focused than the r/politics subreddit (over 3 million subscribers).
"We are actively campaigning on Reddit to get the attention of rightly disgruntled Bernie fans," rynchpln (screen name), a moderator for the main subreddit supporting Green Party nominee Jill Stein (r/jillstein), told the Washington Examiner. After Clinton's nomination, rynchpln added, their subreddit saw "a large growth in followers." Though none of Stein moderators are operatives in Stein's camp, their outreach campaign mirrors that of Stein, who has advertised herself to Sanders supporters as a progressive alternative.
But, rynchpln continued, "unfortunately it is not nearly the movement that Bernie had."
While Stein subreddit moderators told the Examiner that their forum grew by over 10,000 subscribers since Sanders endorsed Clinton, the subreddit has only reached just over 12,500 subscribers as of press time — a fraction of what the Sanders' subreddit had accumulated.
The largest candidate subreddit behind that of Sanders' is the one rooting for Donald Trump (r/The_Donald), which has nearly 200,000 subscribers.
A moderator for r/The_Donald told the Examiner that his subreddit is not actively reaching out to Sanders supporters because it "doesn't believe in pandering." Instead, user TehDonald said that Trump's presence on Reddit "has a huge influence on the Millennial generation," which is the very same large bloc of voters who helped fuel Sanders' longshot campaign into competitive form. r/The_Donald gets up to 40 million pageviews a month, TehDonald added.
The next largest subreddit is the one boosting the Democratic nominee (r/HillaryClinton), which has 25,000 subscribers, an eighth of the size of r/The_Donald. When asked whether the subreddit was trying to attract Sanders supporters to bolster its numbers, a moderator refused to answer. "There is no way we will have a win with this," the moderator said in reply to the Examiner's original questions.
Moderator backpackwayne did say, in response to a followup series of questioning, that the r/HillaryClinton subreddit sets itself apart from the others because the moderators "work hard to keep the discussions provocative and informative."
"We shy away from the mudslinging and name calling that contribute nothing to the debate. It isn't always perfect, but the results are a better understanding of the issues that are important to us all," backpackwayne said.
Though many of the moderators try to maintain a civil environment where supporters, or prospective supporters, can engage in discussions about policy and politics, the endgame is to rally support. The official campaigns, however, have little-to-no interaction with the friendly grassroots Reddit operations.
Of the subreddits backing the two major party candidates, and those behind Stein and Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson, only Johnson's subreddit (r/GaryJohnson, with about 17,500 users) has one moderator who is attached to his campaign. This stands in contrast the Sanders' subreddit, which was run by Aidan King, who was a campaign staffer for Sanders.
King explained that he chose to close the subreddit because of death threats against Sanders and "trollish" behavior by users in the weeks leading up to the convention.
Even with the vitriolic environment that spelled doom for the popular r/SandersforPresident subreddit, the moderators for the remaining competing forums see continued value in Reddit as the election season marches on to November.
Similar to the Sanders subreddit's fundraising efforts, moderators for the Clinton subreddit have requested a fundraising link from the Clinton campaign, while the Trump subreddit has placed a fundraising "sticky" on its page.
More than gathering donations, the moderators say that Reddit offers a level of outreach that other types of social media struggle to compete with.
"Our presence on reddit has a huge influence on the Millennial generation," said TehDonald.
"Reddit is unique as it provides some of the best in-depth conversations of any website out there," said backpackwayne. "The subreddit systems is particularly useful as it allows every approach on every issue there is. In today's world, one can no longer depend on any one source. Reddit is clearly one of the best places on the internet to gather information from all sides."
Curious about the capped spigots in the campground I wandered into the Coffee Creek ranger station. A young looking ranger with piercing blue eyes and a military hair cut greeted us shyly.
“Can I help you?”
“Yeah, I was wondering which of your campgrounds have water.”
“I'm not sure miss, I'll have to ask my supervisor.” He disappeared into the offices in the back and was promptly replaced by another ranger in baggy forest service pants and a cobalt T-shirt that hugged his muscular arms. He looked like a younger George Clooney but with bright hazel eyes and a casual manner.
“How can I help you today?” He asked, a big grin stretching across this face revealing even square teeth. He sank into the chair behind the information desk and leaned back, his hands folded behind his head.
“I was wondering if there are any campgrounds with water?”
He laughed, shaking his head and pulled out a blue piece of paper, set it on the desk and leaned towards me. “Well here's a list of all our campgrounds and their amenities but I'll warn you, its not up to date. Most the sites with camp hosts should have water—course Ackerman doesn't.”
“I've been in a quite few sites with spigots but they're capped. Is it because of the drought?”
“Sure is,” he leaned back a little further this time. “All the wells are dryin' up. When the well goes dry we have to cap it because you don't want stuff crawling up in the pipes. Even our well here at the station is dry. Few years ago it produced 30 gallons a minute. Last year it was down to 2 gallons a minute. This year, nothin'. We have to ship water in so the guys can shower. The water table is just so low with the drought.”
“How about Trinity Lake, is the water level really usually at the tree line?”
“Yup. All the red dirt should be underwater and when you drive along the road just north of there, ya know?” I nodded. He continued on in a relaxed tone, “there should be water on both sides. This is the second year that it's been real bad. There was no snow here this year. Few years ago they bought us snowmobiles to go survey the snow pack, but we only used them once. There just hasn't been snow.”
“None at all?”
“Nope not at our survey sites. We have a series of places we go to and see how much snow is out there—eight, ten feet. But there's been nothing.” He shook his head. “See the problem is we got all the water but all the politicians are down south and they want the water. Everyone needs water; the Indians want their fish and the rest of people want food—agriculture[*]. I'd hate to be the person making that decision.” He shook his head.
“What about water coming out if the dam?” I asked curiously.
“That's why the got us the snowmobiles. We measure the snow pack then people with big brains do some crazy calculations and figure out how much they can take. But there's no snow so I don't know what they're going to do. I just hope when the fires come we have water to fight ‘em with.”
* * *
That night we pulled into a campground along the main section of the Trinity Lake[†]. In the morning Jack and I walked through the pines that clicked with the high pitch movement of cicada wings to the edge of the forest where the ground turned red and rocky. A warm breeze blew through the valley and up the dry lakebed over us and into the trees behind us. We moved towards the water below, down and down. The iron rich soil was made of fine sediment that gave way underfoot and sharp angled rock. A faint fuzz of grass sprouted up and covered swaths of soil. Giant dark tree stumps, stoic and weathered from years underwater, stood as reminders of the forest that once had stood here, before the now drowned city[‡], before the damn. Still I moved down, careful of the steep sections and broken bits of glass and other trash lost by happy boaters years prior when the lake was full, the boat ramps active and the surface of the lake a happy buzz of motors and laughter. Today it was quiet, devoid of the noise of mankind, dry and desolate.
We finally reached the lake, the least a hundred feet below the tree line[§]. The saturated soil sucked at my feet and pulled me into it until me knees were covered and I had to struggle to break free. I reached back into the holes where my feet had been, shoulder deep, to retrieve my sandals. Jack swam glorious circles in the warm, turbid aqua water. With each stroke of his feet he stirred up the bottom until he was swimming in a swirling orange liquid. He came out orange and stayed that way until he got a good long swim in fresher water.
[*] The water in Lake Trinity is captured and stored for the Central Valley Project and provides water for agricultural irrigation. It also provides hydroelectric power.
[†] Trinity Lake was formed in 1961 when the dam was built. It is 19 miles long, has many arms and a capacity of 2,447,650 acre feet.
[‡] The original town of Trinity Center was flooded when the damn was built. The town today lies just a few miles north of its original location.
[§] The water level in the lake is currently 122 feet below the spillway and receding at 1 foot every 2.5 days. The lake was at 48% of capacity in January of 2014 and some of the boat launches were a mile from the water's edge.
Advertisements
free and open-source disk encryption utility
VeraCrypt is a source-available freeware utility used for on-the-fly encryption (OTFE).[5] It can create a virtual encrypted disk within a file or encrypt a partition[6] or (in Windows) the entire storage device with pre-boot authentication.[7]
VeraCrypt is a fork of the discontinued TrueCrypt project.[8] It was initially released on 22 June 2013 and has produced its latest release (version 1.23) on 12 September 2018.[9] Many security improvements have been implemented and issues raised by TrueCrypt code audits have been fixed. VeraCrypt includes optimized implementations of cryptographic hash functions and ciphers which boost performance on modern CPUs.
License and source model [ edit ]
New parts of VeraCrypt have been licensed under the Apache License 2.0 since version 1.19[4]. But VeraCrypt inherited a substantial amount of code from its predecessor TrueCrypt, and also inherited the source-available TrueCrypt License for those files. This license is not one of many widely used open-source licenses and is not a free software license according to the Free Software Foundation (FSF) license list, as it contains distribution and copyright-liability restrictions.[10]
Encryption scheme [ edit ]
Algorithms [ edit ]
Individual ciphers supported by VeraCrypt are AES, Serpent, Twofish, Camellia, and Kuznyechik. The Magma cipher was removed in version 1.19 in response to a security audit.[11] Additionally, ten different combinations of cascaded algorithms are available: AES–Twofish, AES–Twofish–Serpent, Camellia–Kuznyechik, Camellia–Serpent, Kuznyechik–AES, Kuznyechik–Serpent–Camellia, Kuznyechik–Twofish, Serpent–AES, Serpent–Twofish–AES, and Twofish–Serpent.[12] The cryptographic hash functions available for use in VeraCrypt are RIPEMD-160, SHA-256, SHA-512, Streebog and Whirlpool.[13]
Modes of operation [ edit ]
VeraCrypt uses the XTS mode of operation.[14]
Keys [ edit ]
The header key and the secondary header key (XTS mode) are generated using PBKDF2 with a 512-bit salt and 200,000 to 655,331 iterations used by default (which could be customized by user to start as low as 2,048), depending on the underlying hash function used.[15]
Plausible deniability [ edit ]
As with its predecessor TrueCrypt, VeraCrypt supports plausible deniability[16] by allowing a single "hidden volume" to be created within another volume.[17] In addition, the Windows versions of VeraCrypt have the ability to create and run a hidden encrypted operating system whose existence may be denied.[18]
The VeraCrypt documentation lists many ways in which VeraCrypt's hidden volume deniability features may be compromised (e.g. by third-party software which may leak information through temporary files, thumbnails, etc., to unencrypted disks) and possible ways to avoid this.[19]
Performance [ edit ]
VeraCrypt supports parallelized[20]:63 encryption for multi-core systems and, under Microsoft Windows, pipelined read and write operations (a form of asynchronous processing)[20]:63 to reduce the performance hit of encryption and decryption. On newer processors supporting the AES-NI instruction set, VeraCrypt supports hardware-accelerated AES to further improve performance.[20]:64 On 64-bit CPUs VeraCrypt uses optimized assembly implementation of Twofish and Camellia.[9]
Security improvements [ edit ]
The VeraCrypt development team considered the TrueCrypt storage format too vulnerable to a National Security Agency (NSA) attack, so it created a new format incompatible with that of TrueCrypt. This is one of the main differences between VeraCrypt and its competitor CipherShed, which continues to use the TrueCrypt format. VeraCrypt is still capable of opening and converting volumes in the TrueCrypt format. [9] [21]
An independent security audit of TrueCrypt released 29 September 2015 found TrueCrypt includes two vulnerabilities in the Windows installation driver allowing an attacker arbitrary code execution and privilege escalation via DLL hijacking. [22] This was fixed in VeraCrypt in January 2016. [23]
This was fixed in VeraCrypt in January 2016. While TrueCrypt uses 1,000 iterations of the PBKDF2-RIPEMD160 algorithm for system partitions, VeraCrypt uses either 200,000 or 327,661 iterations by default (which is customizable by user to be as low as 2,048), depending on the algorithm used. [15] For standard containers and other partitions, VeraCrypt uses 655,331 iterations of RIPEMD160 and 500,000 iterations of SHA-2 and Whirlpool by default (which is customizable by user to be as low as 16,000). [15] While these default settings make VeraCrypt slower at opening encrypted partitions, it also makes password-guessing attacks slower. [24]
For standard containers and other partitions, VeraCrypt uses 655,331 iterations of RIPEMD160 and 500,000 iterations of SHA-2 and Whirlpool by default (which is customizable by user to be as low as 16,000). While these default settings make VeraCrypt slower at opening encrypted partitions, it also makes password-guessing attacks slower. Additionally, since version 1.12, a new feature called "Personal Iterations Multiplier" (PIM) provides a parameter whose value is used to control the number of iterations used by the header key derivation function, thereby making brute-force attacks potentially even more difficult. Veracrypt out of the box uses a reasonable PIM value to improve security, [25] but users can provide higher value to enhance security. The primary downside of this feature is that it makes the process of opening encrypted archives even slower. [26] [27] [28] [25]
but users can provide higher value to enhance security. The primary downside of this feature is that it makes the process of opening encrypted archives even slower. A vulnerability in the bootloader was fixed on Windows and various optimizations were made as well. The developers added support for SHA-256 to the system boot encryption option and also fixed a ShellExecute security issue. Linux and macOS users benefit from support for hard drives with sector sizes larger than 512. Linux also received support for the NTFS formatting of volumes.
Unicode passwords are supported on all operating systems since version 1.17 (except for system encryption on Windows). [9]
VeraCrypt added the capability to boot system partitions using UEFI in version 1.18a. [9]
Option to enable/disable support for the TRIM command for both system and non-system drives was added in version 1.22.[9]
VeraCrypt audit [ edit ]
An audit of version 1.18 was conducted by QuarksLab on behalf of the Open Source Technology Improvement Fund, taking 32 man-days and published on 17 October 2016.[29][30] The major vulnerabilities identified in this audit were resolved in version 1.19, released the same day.[31][9]
Security precautions [ edit ]
There are several kinds of attacks that all software-based disk encryption is vulnerable to. As with TrueCrypt, the VeraCrypt documentation instructs users to follow various security precautions to mitigate these attacks,[19][32] several of which are detailed below.
Encryption keys stored in memory [ edit ]
VeraCrypt stores its keys in RAM; on an ordinary personal computer DRAM will maintain its contents for several seconds after power is cut (or longer if the temperature is lowered). Even if there is some degradation in the memory contents, various algorithms can intelligently recover the keys. This method, known as a cold boot attack (which would apply in particular to a notebook computer obtained while in power-on, suspended, or screen-locked mode), has been successfully used to attack a file system protected by TrueCrypt.[33]
Physical security [ edit ]
VeraCrypt documentation states that VeraCrypt is unable to secure data on a computer if an attacker physically accessed it and VeraCrypt is then used on the compromised computer by the user again. This does not affect the common case of a stolen, lost, or confiscated computer.[34] The attacker having physical access to a computer can, for example, install a hardware or a software keylogger, a bus-mastering device capturing memory or install any other malicious hardware or software, allowing the attacker to capture unencrypted data (including encryption keys and passwords) or to decrypt encrypted data using captured passwords or encryption keys. Therefore, physical security is a basic premise of a secure system. Attacks such as this are often called "evil maid attacks".[35]
Malware [ edit ]
Some kinds of malware are designed to log keystrokes, including typed passwords, that may then be sent to the attacker over the Internet or saved to an unencrypted local drive from which the attacker might be able to read it later, when they gain physical access to the computer.[36]
Trusted Platform Module [ edit ]
The FAQ section of the VeraCrypt website[37] states that the Trusted Platform Module (TPM) cannot be relied upon for security, because if the attacker has physical or administrative access to a computer and it is used afterwards, the computer could have been modified by the attacker e.g. a malicious component—such as a hardware keystroke logger—could have been used to capture the password or other sensitive information. Since the TPM does not prevent an attacker from maliciously modifying the computer, VeraCrypt will not support TPM.
See also [ edit ]
Following up on a post by Markus Gesmann, I wanted to look at logistic growth curves with a known inflection point. This is an example of functional data analysis with widespread applications, such as population dynamics and pharmacokinetics. Mages' blog looked at the dugongs data from a textbook (Ratkowsky, 1983), which was subsequently analysed by Carlin & Gelfand (1991) and included in Vol. II of the BUGS manual as well as the Stan user guide. Markus compared point estimates from the R function nlm() with Bayesian inference using Stan. The methods were in close agreement with each other, as well as with the Gibbs sampler of Carlin & Gelfand. This made me curious to explore beyond this simple example, building towards the generalised logistic function that is a solution to the ordinary differential equation (ODE) of Richards (1959).
Note that this approach is not the same as the Runge-Kutta (RK45) and backward-diﬀerentiation formula (BDF) methods for solving ODEs in Stan. In the case of the dugongs data (and the other examples that I consider) the times are not strictly ordered (ie. there are multiple observations at a single timepoint. This results in the following error message from the integrate_ode function:
[1] "Informational Message: The current Metropolis proposal is about to be rejected because of the following issue:" [2] "Exception thrown at line 32: integrate_ode_rk45: times is not a valid ordered vector. The element at 3 is 1.5, but should be greater than the previous element, 1.5"
The model from Carlin & Gelfand (1991) is as follows:
Which is the solution to the following ODE:
We don't need to solve the equation numerically, since the solution is already available in closed form. Our interest is primarily in parameter estimation, particularly for ill-posed problems when the parameters are not well-identified.
Base R includes the nls() function, which stands for nonlinear least squares. By default, it uses the Gauss-Newton algorithm to search for parameter values that fit the observed data. In this case, repeated observations at the same timepoint are not an issue:
dat <- list( "N" = 27, "x" = c(1, 1.5, 1.5, 1.5, 2.5, 4, 5, 5, 7, 8, 8.5, 9, 9.5, 9.5, 10, 12, 12, 13, 13, 14.5, 15.5, 15.5, 16.5, 17, 22.5, 29, 31.5), "Y" = c(1.8, 1.85, 1.87, 1.77, 2.02, 2.27, 2.15, 2.26, 2.47, 2.19, 2.26, 2.4, 2.39, 2.41, 2.5, 2.32, 2.32, 2.43, 2.47, 2.56, 2.65, 2.47, 2.64, 2.56, 2.7, 2.72, 2.57)) plot(dat$x, dat$Y, xlab="Age", ylab="Length") nlm <- nls(Y ~ alpha - beta * lambda^x, data=dat, start=list(alpha=1, beta=1, lambda=0.9)) summary(nlm) nlm_fn <- predict(nlm, newdata=dat$x) lines(dat$x, nlm_fn, col=6, lty=2)
Formula: Y ~ alpha - beta * lambda^x Parameters: Estimate Std. Error t value Pr(>|t|) alpha 2.65807 0.06151 43.21 < 2e-16 *** beta 0.96352 0.06968 13.83 6.3e-13 *** lambda 0.87146 0.02460 35.42 < 2e-16 *** --- Signif. codes: 0 ‘***' 0.001 ‘**' 0.01 ‘*' 0.05 ‘.' 0.1 ‘ ' 1 Residual standard error: 0.09525 on 24 degrees of freedom Number of iterations to convergence: 6 Achieved convergence tolerance: 3.574e-06
If you compare the posterior modes from Carlin & Gelfand (1991), the results are almost identical:
> exp(0.975) [1] 2.651167 > exp(-0.014) [1] 0.9860975 > inv.logit(1.902) [1] 0.8701177
The high posterior density (HPD) regions are asymmetric, due to the reparameterisation of the model.
Now let's look at a slightly more complex problem:
where r is a rate parameter and L is the limit (horizontal asymptote). The solution to this ODE for an initial value is:
Using these equations, we can simulate data from a heteroskedastic, truncated normal distribution where the variance is equal to the gradient of the mean:
library(truncnorm) t <- seq(-4,4,by=0.05) ft <- function(t, r, y0, tC, L){ y0*L*exp(r*(t-tC))/(L + y0*(exp(r*(t-tC)) - 1)) } plot(t,ft(t,2,4,0,12),type='l',ylim=c(0,12),col=4, ylab='Y') abline(v=0,lty=3) abline(h=12,lty=3,col=2) abline(h=0,lty=3) dfdt <- function(t, r, tC, L){ r*L*exp(r*(t+tC))/((exp(r*tC) + exp(r*t))^2) } simt <- rnorm(25, sd=1.5) simy <- matrix(nrow=length(simt), ncol=20) for (i in 1:length(simt)) { simy[i,] <- rtruncnorm(ncol(simy), a=0, b=12, mean=ft(simt[i],2,4,0,12), sd = sqrt(dfdt(simt[i],2,0,12))) points(rep(simt[i], ncol(simy)), simy[i,], pch='*') }
The Gauss-Newton method underestimates the true parameter value by almost 4 standard errors:
dat <- list(Y=as.vector(simy), t=rep(simt,ncol(simy)), y0=4, maxY=12, tcrit=0) nlm <- nls(Y ~ y0*maxY*exp(r*(t-tcrit))/(maxY + y0*(exp(r*(t-tcrit)) - 1)), data=dat, start=list(r=1)) summary(nlm) nlm_fn <- predict(nlm, newdata=list(t=t)) lines(t, nlm_fn, col=6, lty=2, lwd=2)
Formula: Y ~ y0 * maxY * exp(r * (t - tcrit))/(maxY + y0 * (exp(r * (t - tcrit)) - 1)) Parameters: Estimate Std. Error t value Pr(>|t|) r 1.76053 0.04219 41.73 <2e-16 ***
Although we were unable to recover the true parameter value using nls(), the approximation (magenta curve) is nevertheless quite close to the true function (in blue). With 500 observations at 25 different timepoints, this suggests that the data are not very informative about the rate parameter. This problem is exacerbated when we introduce additional parameters with the aim of obtaining a more flexible function. Next time, we will look at analysing this data using Stan.
Further Reading
Bates & Watts (1988) “Nonlinear Regression Analysis and Its Applications.” Wiley-Interscience
Carlin & Gelfand (1991) “An iterative Monte Carlo method for nonconjugate Bayesian analysis.” Stat. Comp. 1(2), 119-128.
Carpenter, Gelman, Hoffman, Lee, Goodrich, Betancourt, Brubaker, Guo, Li & Riddell (2017) “Stan: A Probabilistic Programming Language.” J. Stat. Soft. 76(1)
Ratkowsky (1983) “Nonlinear Regression Modeling: A Unified Practical Approach.” Marcel Dekker
Richards (1959) “A Flexible Growth Function for Empirical Use.” J. Experimental Botany 10 (2): 290–300.
Thomas, Best, Lunn & Spiegelhalter (2012) “The BUGS Book: A Practical Introduction to Bayesian Analysis.” Chapman & Hall/CRC Press
Advertisements
It's election time in Canada. Or at least it's rumours-of-an-early-election-call time in Canada. And many, many people have been talking about writs being dropped.
As a public service to our readers, colleagues and the many delightful contributors to our comments sections who possess charmingly granular knowledge of the arcana of our political system, we hereby clarify the nomenclature around writs and the dropping thereof.
First and most important: It's not “writ” singular, it's “writs” plural. And they're not dropped, they're issued.
There are 338 individual writs to be issued, not one gigantic one. So when you hear and read phrases like “the writ will be dropped,” or “the writ is expected to be dropped this Sunday,” know that 338 writs will be dropped.
Only they won't be dropped, they'll be issued.
“Writs are issued. It's plural because there are 338 elections being held at the same time. Candidates run – not political parties,” said former Chief Electoral Officer Jean-Pierre Kingsley.
Elections Canada, which Kingsley once ran, also told iPolitics that writs are issued — not dropped — and they're not sure why reporters use the phrase “drop the writ.”
The term “drop the writ” appears in the Oxford Canadian Dictionary as a Canadianism, but there is no information on its origin, according to Kristi Thompson, a research librarian at the Library of Parliament.
Kinglsey suggested it may be because prior to fixed election dates, there was an element of surprise when the writs were issued. In other words, writs being dropped sounds more exciting than issued.
In 2011, journalist Brian Lathham who wrote for the National Post at the time, also sought to find out the origin of “drop the writ.” He found that the 1989 Oxford English Dictionary says writ goes back to 1122, the first reference for “drop the writ” he could find was in the April 7, 1982.
“Debates of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia include the phrase ‘in the event that an election is called or the writ is dropped.' There may have been earlier uses but they can't have been too much earlier. The first use in the Toronto Star was in a July 16, 1988 article: “Meanwhile the Liberals … dared Mulroney to drop the writ immediately,” Latham wrote, noting that the use of the word “drop” makes no sense.
“In fact, in 1998, Nova Scotia elections staff recommended that the incorrect “drop the writ” itself be “dropped” from the language. Without proof, I speculated it was a shortening of the words “draw up.” To draw up a writ makes a lot more sense but drop a writ is a lot easier to say,” Latham wrote.
So after the writs are signed, sealed and delivered what happens? Kingsley pointed out that's exactly the order once writs are issued.
“When I was CEO I signed each one individually, didn't use a stamp, then they're sent to the Returning Officer in each riding. That legal document triggers the election in each riding,” said Kingsley.
Once the election is over, the Returning Officer returns the document to Elections Canada, Kinglsey said.
Friday on Fox News Channel's “Fox & Friends,” Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) was optimistic about the prospects of President-elect Donald Trump being able to follow through with his campaign promises of a border wall.
Gohmert told “Fox & Friends” co-host Steve Doocy that there has been money already appropriated for the wall and that he was excited about the prospects of Trump “actually following the law.”
“It's amazing what you can get Congress to do when you lead and push them in the right direction,” Gohmert said. “And actually, you know, we had appropriated money during the Bush administration that didn't get spent for the wall. So, yeah, it's going to be great to have somebody that's actually following the law.”
“We're going to be able to get this done,” he added. “It's going to happen.”
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
While this Lego safe is…well…made of Lego, it's more secure than you might imagine. With 305 billion possible code combinations, motion sensor alarms, a weight of 14 pounds and the fact that no thief would ever think you'd be stupid enough to secure anything of real monetary value behind Lego – it should work a treat.
The safe consists of 2.7-inch thick walls of interlocking logo bricks (presumably glued together) and features a large display that shows the numbers as you twist the combination dials, secret power on/off buttons and a cool motorized door that opens and closes itself…as long as your code is correct.
One advantage to this safe is that you know that if you ever forget your code, you can always smash/cut/burn your way in, given enough time. Check out the workings in the video below.
With a few modifications, I think this Lego safe could make an excellent decoy for thieves. You know, put a prominent, bright LED on there reading something like “Total Deposited: $869,021”. If your thief bites and starts a smashing, they'll soon discover that canister of tear gas inside and the trip sensors they just tore through. Don't forget to position a hidden camera though…great YouTube material.
Sources:
Lego Examples via Hacked Gadgets
Longtime producing partners Kevin Spacey and Dana Brunetti, who have teamed on multiple movies and television projects, now carry a unique distinction in Hollywood — holders of a U.S. patent.
The duo was awarded patent 9306887 B1 on April 5 by the U.S. Patent Office for “systems and methods for implementing email delivery” and received the physical patent on Thursday. Brunetti unveiled the patent via his Instagram account.
“The invention relates to systems and methods for managing emails where an email server that may comprise one or more computer systems, and which may be part of an email system, receives an email addressed to a specified first user,” the abstract reads. “The email server may analyze the received email and access one or more electronic databases, which may comprise information related to one or more respective registered users of the email system. The databases may be stored on one or more computer-readable storage media operatively connected to the email server.”
Brunetti told Variety that the patent is aimed at providing a way for screening and managing non-authorized emails.
Related Kevin Spacey, Dana Brunetti FBI Drama ‘Manifesto' Lands Series Order at Discovery Channel
“It is like having a digital doorman at a velvet rope,” he said. “It allows in only the ones it knows or whoever is on the list and sends the others away with a message telling them they're not approved. If they've been given a PIN or other access they can approve themselves. If they've been emailed by the user they're pre-approved so their replies can get through and they won't know the difference, but anyone can always be unapproved at any time.”
Brunetti said the idea emerged for several reasons — the first being Spacey's frustration of having to change his email all the time when someone would forget to bcc a group of people and suddenly everyone on that list would have his email.
“With this system he could put his email address on the side of a building and still get emails only from people he wanted,” Brunetti added. “I also have my own frustration of people I don't know easily contacting me at any time. Everyone has their phones attached to them now and I feel it is intrusive for anyone to be able to get a message freely to anyone at any time as long as they have their address.”
Brunetti also believes there are plenty of business applications covered by the patent.
“Just for this business alone it could help agents, attorneys, managers, etc. to stop getting unsolicited submissions or other unwanted contact from people like stalkers of client,” he explained. “Venture capitalists could use this as they get inundated with proposals seeking funding, and frankly everyone gets some sort of email contact that they don't want that this would prevent. It could be as simple as contact from an ex or crazy neighbor, but the biggest thing this eliminates is spam.”
It's the first patent for Spacey and for Brunetti.
After Spacey won acting Oscars for “The Usual Suspect” and “American Beauty,” he brought on Brunetti at Trigger Street Productions. It's been a production company on “The Social Network,” “Captain Phillips,” “Fifty Shades of Grey” and the Netflix series “House of Cards,” in which Spacey stars as the President of the United States.
Brunetti and Spacey also agreed earlier this year for Trigger Street to be acquired by Relativity Media with Brunetti becoming production president. Spacey opted out of being chairman in March.
Anthony Bourdain is producing a documentary series for CNN about the history of Detroit. (Photo: Bobby Fisher)
Details about Anthony Bourdain's secretive Detroit project are coming to light.
CNN today announced that the noted chef and television star will be producing a four-part historical documentary series for the cable channel about Detroit.
"Detroit 1963: Once in a Great City," (working title) will focus on the Motor City at its "high point when their auto industry was the envy of the world and Motown ruled the airwaves," according to the synopsis.
Bourdain will act as executive producer on the project along with Lydia Tenaglia, co-founder of Zero Point Zero productions, which produces Bourdain's "Parts Unknown" for CNN.
Set to make its debut in 2018, the docuseries "will take viewers back to a time in America when people believed in the power and goodness of big corporations, had high hopes for racial parity, and looked to institutions like unions and the government to solve their problems."
The working title takes its name from the 2015 David Maraniss book "Once in a Great City," upon which the series is based.
Bourdain hinted at the project in an interview with the Free Press last September, saying then that he was working on "a fairly sizable project that would encompass more than an hour of television."
Contact Mark Kurlyandchik: 313-222-5026 or mkurlyandchik@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @mkurlyandchik and Instagram: mkurlyandchik.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2rrWcL2
Although he is contracted with Red Bull for 2017, paddock rumours have often linked Ricciardo to Ferrari – a team that is likely to have Kimi Raikkonen's seat up for grabs at season's end. That move would reunite Ricciardo with former Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel, a man he bested through their one season in 2014.
"In 2014, we worked well as a team and had no problems," the four-time world champion said in Canada ahead of Monday morning's (Melbourne time) Canadian Grand Prix. "He is a strong driver, and 2014 was a successful year for him, even though last season he ran into some difficulties. This year, it is difficult to judge because I don't know what is happening in his team, but I have nothing against him."
Ricciardo was fifth fastest in first practice in Montreal, saying after his run that he thought Red Bull could be ahead of Ferrari and close to Mercedes on race day.
"I had a good knock at the wall I think on probably my third or fourth lap today, so I was probably still letting off some steam [from Monaco]. I'm definitely happy to be back behind the wheel of the car and I've always enjoyed driving around here. It's definitely as a lot of fun pushing the limits and dropping over the curves."
The Australian's Red Bull teammate, Max Verstappen, showed his confidence has not been dented by crashing out in Monaco, just two weeks after his historic win in Barcelona, with the fourth fastest time, with Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton fastest at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve.
The Finn, who set the pace during Friday practice, had to settle for fourth on the grid, and he believes he was capable of more than that if he hadn't made an error on his final run.
“There was a lot of speed on the last lap, but I made a mistake in corner two,” said Raikkonen.
“I improved a little bit, but I couldn't make the lap very good, and I paid the price for it.
“It was a little bit more tricky today than yesterday just to get a good feeling with the tyres, but that's how it goes.”
While his Ferrari teammate Sebastian Vettel ended up three tenths of a second adrift of an inspired Lewis Hamilton in the fight for pole, Raikkonen was nearly eight tenths back, which he described as “not a surprise”.
“At places like this, if you get one corner wrong, you're going to lose massive lap time,” he said. “Our car has been good, but for whatever reason we've struggled a bit in qualifying.”
However, Raikkonen believes the race “will be a different story”, with the Montreal venue traditionally throwing up unexpected circumstances and incident-packed grands prix.
“Often it's quite a hectic race here, a lot of things happen,” he said. “You never know here, it's one of those places things can change quite quickly.
“We'll try again, we'll see what happens. We should have good speed.”
Companies are constantly seeking ways to lower their payrolls. These methods inevitably end up screwing workers. But there are signs that the government may at last be ready to ask companies to take responsibility for their own employees.
Last month, the National Labor Relations Board ruled that McDonald's could be held liable for labor violations by the people who own its franchises—an important ruling that could make it much harder for large corporations to avoid responsibility for the way they keep wages down, just by claiming that their franchisees control that aspect of the business. For a labor movement that has been protesting fast food franchises nationwide for years now, it was an encouraging sign.
Now, the Wall Street Journal says that the NLRB may be ready to issue another ruling that could make it more difficult for companies to force employees into "contract employee" designations (often by using outside staffing companies, which are growing each year) that serve to give employers all the benefits of having employees, without the responsibilities that go along with actually having real live full-time employees. From the WSJ:
Unions say such arrangements enable companies to exercise control over wages and working conditions but escape responsibility when workers have problems or demands. But as labor groups ask the five-member NLRB to declare more companies joint employers, business groups are fighting back, saying such moves could defeat the efficiencies of contracting and expose companies to greater liability in labor matters.
(In semi-related news, an appeals court in California just ruled that thousands of FedEx drivers are legally employees, not independent contractors.)
The unions are right. And so are the companies! Because all the companies are saying here is, "We would rather not be held responsible for these contract workers, because the whole reason we hired all those contract workers in the first place was to avoid being held responsible for things!"
The entire "contract worker"/ staffing company industry is in essence a middleman that collects fees in exchange for helping corporations avoid certain responsibilities for their workers, and it does not do much at all to help the vast majority of workers, so it is hard to have very much sympathy for it at all.
[Photo: AP]
Fwd: disbar + GOP + Amalgamated Bank + One Billion + Racketeering claims against unions
From:acsmith101@cox.net To: john.podesta@law.georgetown.edu, jbenenson@bsgco.com, dkendall@wc.com, ldavis@levick.com, jim.margolis@gmmb.com, phillippe.reines@bsgdc.com CC: rtrumka@aflcio.org, adunn@skdknick.com, rbauer@perkinscoie.com, melias@perkinscoie.com, cbecker@perkinscoie.com Date: 2015-11-25 22:27 Subject: Fwd: disbar + GOP + Amalgamated Bank + One Billion + Racketeering claims against unions
According to archeological evidence, at least three native groups inhabited NL before the arrival of Europeans: the Paleo Eskimos, the Maritime Archaic and the Beothuk.34 Of these, only the Beothuk were still extant in the seventeenth century, but the last known surviving Beothuk died in 1829. There was migration of Mi'kmaq into Southeastern Newfoundland in the eighteenth century, although it is likely that Mi'kmaq habitation of the island pre-dated the arrival of Europeans.35
The peak European immigration to the island of Newfoundland occurred in the mid-to-late eighteenth century, and included mainly Protestant settlers from the Southwest of England and Roman Catholic settlers from the Southeast of Ireland.4 Starting from about 20–25 thousand settlers in 1760, the population grew by natural expansion to about 200 000 in 1890. There was little in- or out-migration from the early nineteenth century up to fairly recent times. In the census of 1945 – approximating the median birth year of the NL cohort used in this study – the population was 321 819.36 In 1945, 33% of census respondents were reported as ‘Roman Catholic', whereas 66% were reported as belonging to one of the Protestant faiths. In the 2011 Canadian census, the population of the province was 514 536, with 26 728 (5.2%) residing in Labrador.
Our MDS analysis is in agreement with the known population history. The NL samples cluster with European populations including BBC, IRE and CEU populations on the global population background (Supplementary Figure 2). When only the NL, BBC and IRE populations were examined, the IRE and BBC populations were separated, with some overlapping (Figure 2). A small proportion of the NL population overlapped the IRE samples, whereas a large proportion overlapped the BBC samples, although two groups of outliers trend away from the BBC cluster. The data in Figure 3 more clearly illustrate NL population substructure. The major cluster overlapping the BBC population is Protestant, whereas the cluster toward or overlapping with the IRE population represents Catholics. These observations are in agreement with the known history of the NL population. The observed genetic structure of the BBC population is in agreement with a previous report.16
The overlap between the IRE and NL populations is smaller than expected given the significant contribution of Irish to the founder population of NL. This may be due to a founder bottleneck event. The IRE samples were recruited from across Ireland, whereas the Irish people who immigrated to NL in the late eighteenth century originated mainly from a small region of Southeastern Ireland. To determine the significance of these geographical differences is difficult as, to the best of our knowledge, there has been no detailed analysis of the genetic substructure of the Irish population based on geographical origins within Ireland.
The ability of MDS analysis to separate Protestant (English) from Catholic (Irish) Newfoundlanders is strikingly illustrated in Figure 3a. The power of religion to prevent admixture between neighboring communities – over >200 years – is further illustrated by the observation that in the 407 NL families documented as having Catholic or Protestant origins, only 14 families show significant mixing of the two religions (Table 1). On the MDS analysis, these mixed families cluster between the two main religious groups. Another significant contribution to genetic substructure in the NL population is alleles derived from aboriginal ancestors. This became apparent only when including non-European samples in the MDS analysis (Figure 3b). We identified aboriginal ancestry in 20 families (4.5%). Owing to the method of ascertainment, this is likely to be a minimum estimate of the true aboriginal contribution. Only a small number of individuals provided ethnicity data on questionnaires, typically those with knowledge from a close relative. Others we designated as of aboriginal ancestry were ascertained post hoc by examining obvious outliers in the MDS analyses. We correlated family names with known aboriginal names and birthplaces, especially those published in the Qalipu Mi'kmaq First Nation Band Order (http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/PDF/SOR-2011-180.pdf). It is likely that had we extended this method to examine those outliers nearer or overlapping European individuals, we would have found additional evidence of aboriginal contribution, albeit at a lower admixture proportion.
Population ancestral admixture analyses showed results consistent with our population immigration history. We demonstrated that the NL population has similar ancestral proportions as other European populations, and those aboriginal individuals in the NL population tend to have a higher proportion of Native American ancestry although a significant contribution of Native American ancestry was not detected at population level with using ALDER program because of the small number of the aboriginals in our sample.
It is believed that population isolates have significantly less genetic diversity than outbred populations.1 Consequently, isolated populations are expected to exhibit increased inbreeding coefficients, increased frequencies of homozygosity and a decreased number of heterozygotes.2 The NL population has the lowest heterozygosity rate and highest inbreeding coefficient of the European populations we studied. The average inbreeding coefficient is 0.005, roughly corresponding to the children of third-cousin marriages. Analysis of ROH is a powerful method to gauge the extent of ancient kinship and recent parental relationship within a population,16 because ROH arise from a common ancestor shared by both of an individual's parents. We found that the NL population has more than double the number of ROH across the entire genome than other European populations. We also found that the average length of ROH is more than double that in European populations. This agrees well with the observation of higher inbreeding coefficients and lower heterozygosity rates in the NL group. This explains why the NL population may be more prone to certain monogenic recessive diseases than are more outbred populations.37, 38
It had been postulated that isolated populations would exhibit high LD, but we found that the NL LD patterns and their decay with distance between SNPs are not much different from those in other European populations. In fact, at the level of D' and r2, the populations studied seemed indistinguishable. Our findings are similar to those of a previous report in which LD was examined only within chromosome 22.14 Unlike some other isolates, the founding size of the NL population was relatively large. In such a population, there would have been relatively little opportunity for genetic drift and most people would be connected by more meiotic steps than in a rapidly growing population.39 The extent of LD in some other isolates such as the Finnish and Sardinian populations are found to be similar to those in more mixed populations like those of the United States and the United Kingdom.40, 41
In conclusion, we found genetic substructure within the NL population as a consequence of separate contributions from English, Irish and aboriginal founders. These should be taken into account when conducting genetic association studies. The NL population is also characterized by reduced heterogeneity, leading to the increased incidence of some recessive diseases. Although the population has been especially valuable for mapping rare monogenic diseases, it could also be well suited for identifying recessive variants associated with complex traits. Although cultural and environmental factors have probably reduced the signal-to-noise ratio for genetic mapping in outbred populations, the high degree of cultural and environmental homogeneity within the NL population provides a substantial mapping advantage. The reduced genetic heterogeneity will facilitate efficient genetic mapping and identification of variants – especially recessive variants – associated with complex traits.
Enlarge By Aude Guerrucci, AFP/Getty Images President Obama and his wife Michelle leave St. John's Episcopal Church following Easter Sunday services in Washington, D.C., April 12. FAITH & REASON FAITH & REASON Blog: Join the conversation on religion, spirituality and ethics | Forum: Debate fellow readers WASHINGTON  President Obama said he may attend "a number of different churches" in Washington rather than just one and is receiving a daily devotional message from a key staffer. "How we handle church when we're here in D.C. is something that we're still figuring out," the president said during a roundtable with Catholic press reporters on Thursday ahead of his first visit with Pope Benedict XVI. FAITH & REASON: Obama on pope, bishops, prayers on his Blackberry "And I think that in the second half of the year we will have made a decision. We may choose, rather than to join just one church, to rotate and attend a number of different churches." Obama expressed concern about the security procedures any Washington church he visits would endure. He also noted that his experience with his former pastor, the Rev. Jeremiah Wright of Chicago — with whom he broke ties — made him "very sensitive to the fact that as president the church we attend can end up being interpreted as speaking for us at all times." He said he has attended services at Camp David when he is at the presidential retreat and the chaplain there "delivers as powerful a sermon as I've heard in a while." The president added that he misses attending church and gets "a little note of sustenance" from daily devotionals he receives on his BlackBerry from Joshua DuBois, executive director of the White House Office of Faith-based and Neighborhood Partnerships. "...(E)very morning I get something to reflect on, which I very much appreciate," he said. Obama also said he had asked DuBois during his presidential campaign to gather a "pretty eclectic" group of pastors to pray for him, and may again. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
Executive Summary
Solar energy is on the rise in the United States. Through September 2016, more than 31 gigawatts of solar electric capacity had been installed around the country, enough to power more than 6 million homes. The rapid growth of solar energy in the United States is the result of forward-looking policies that are helping the nation reduce its contribution to global warming and expand its use of local renewable energy sources.
One policy in particular, net energy metering, has been instrumental in the growth of solar energy, particularly on homes and small businesses. Net energy metering enables solar panel owners to earn fair compensation for the benefits they provide to other users of the electricity grid, and makes “going solar” an affordable option for more people. Net energy metering works by providing customers a credit on their electric bill that offsets charges for energy consumption. As solar energy has taken off in recent years, however, utilities and other special interests have increasingly attacked net metering as an unjustified “subsidy” to solar users.
A review of 16 recent analyses shows that individuals and businesses that decide to “go solar” generally deliver greater benefits to the grid and society than they receive through net metering. Decision-makers should recognize the great value delivered by distributed solar energy by preserving and expanding access to net metering and other programs that ensure fair compensation to Americans who install solar energy.
Net metering is not a new idea. It has been the policy in some states for more than 30 years. The concept has been tested in the courts and in regulatory proceedings in the states and at federal agencies like the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the Internal Revenue Service. Net metering is the law of the land in 41 states today.
Net metering has been critical to solar energy's rapid expansion in the United States.
Net metering offsets costs for solar panel owners and credits them for providing excess power to the grid at a set price, usually at the same retail price they pay to buy electricity.
Net metering is conceptually simple (it essentially allows consumers to run their electric meters backwards), easy to administer, requires a minimum of utility system investment, and ensures that customers receive compensation that tracks with electricity prices over time.
Net metering also makes solar energy more economically attractive for residents and businesses, and accessible and affordable to low and middle income Americans.
Solar energy creates many benefits for the electricity grid.
Avoided energy costs : Solar energy systems produce clean, renewable electricity on-site, reducing the amount of electricity utilities must generate or purchase from fossil fuel-fired power plants. In addition, solar photovoltaic (PV) systems reduce the amount of energy lost in generation, long-distance transmission and distribution, which cost U.S. ratepayers about $21 billion in 2014.
: Solar energy systems produce clean, renewable electricity on-site, reducing the amount of electricity utilities must generate or purchase from fossil fuel-fired power plants. In addition, solar photovoltaic (PV) systems reduce the amount of energy lost in generation, long-distance transmission and distribution, which cost U.S. ratepayers about $21 billion in 2014. Avoided capital and capacity investment: By reducing overall demand for electricity during high-load daytime hours that form the peak period for most utilities, solar energy production helps ratepayers and utilities avoid the cost of investing in new power plants, transmission lines, distribution capacity, and other forms of electricity infrastructure.
By reducing overall demand for electricity during high-load daytime hours that form the peak period for most utilities, solar energy production helps ratepayers and utilities avoid the cost of investing in new power plants, transmission lines, distribution capacity, and other forms of electricity infrastructure. Reduced financial risks and electricity prices: Because the price of solar energy tends to be stable over time, while the price of fossil fuels can fluctuate sharply, integrating more solar energy into the grid reduces consumers' exposure to volatile fossil fuel prices. Also, by reducing demand for energy from the grid, solar PV systems reduce its price, saving money for all ratepayers.
Because the price of solar energy tends to be stable over time, while the price of fossil fuels can fluctuate sharply, integrating more solar energy into the grid reduces consumers' exposure to volatile fossil fuel prices. Also, by reducing demand for energy from the grid, solar PV systems reduce its price, saving money for all ratepayers. Increased grid resiliency: Increasing distributed solar PV decentralizes the grid, potentially safeguarding people in one region from other areas that are experiencing problems. Emerging technologies, including smart meters and small-scale battery storage systems, will enhance this value.
Increasing distributed solar PV decentralizes the grid, potentially safeguarding people in one region from other areas that are experiencing problems. Emerging technologies, including smart meters and small-scale battery storage systems, will enhance this value. Avoided environmental compliance costs: Increasing solar energy capacity helps utilities avoid the costs of installing new technologies to clean up fossil fuel-fired power plants or meeting renewable energy requirements, and avoid the cost of emission allowances where pollution is capped.
Solar energy also creates valuable benefits for the environment and society at large.
Avoided greenhouse gas emissions: In 2014, the electricity sector was the largest source of global warming emissions—responsible for 30 percent of all total U.S. greenhouse gas pollution. Generating energy from the sun provides a renewable source of energy that produces no greenhouse gas emissions. In 2015, distributed solar energy alone – just solar panels on households and businesses – averted approximately 8 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions.
In 2014, the electricity sector was the largest source of global warming emissions—responsible for 30 percent of all total U.S. greenhouse gas pollution. Generating energy from the sun provides a renewable source of energy that produces no greenhouse gas emissions. In 2015, distributed solar energy alone – just solar panels on households and businesses – averted approximately 8 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions. Reduces air pollution that harms public health: According to the American Lung Association, 44 percent of Americans live in a place where pollution often reaches dangerous levels . Expanding the nation's ability to obtain clean electricity from the sun reduces our dependence on fossil fuels, and lessens the amount of harmful emissions that flow into the air we breathe.
According to the American Lung Association, 44 percent of Americans live in a place where pollution often reaches dangerous levels Expanding the nation's ability to obtain clean electricity from the sun reduces our dependence on fossil fuels, and lessens the amount of harmful emissions that flow into the air we breathe. Create jobs and spurs local economies: The American solar energy industry is growing rapidly, creating new jobs and businesses across the nation. In 2015, the solar energy industry added jobs at a rate 12 times that of the overall economy, and as of November 2015 employed more than 208,000 people.
The benefits solar homeowners provide to the grid, and to society generally, are often worth more than the benefits they receive through net metering.
All 16 analyses reviewed here found that solar energy brought net benefits to the grid.
12 analyses out of 16 found that the value of solar energy was worth more than the average residential retail electricity rate in the area at the time the analysis was conducted. Three of the four analyses that found different results were commissioned by utilities. (See Figure ES 1.)
Of these 16 analyses, the median value of rooftop solar energy was 16.35 cents per kWh, while the average residential retail electricity rate in included states was 13.05 cents per kWh.
The studies that estimated lower values for solar energy often undervalued, or did not include, important environmental and societal benefits that come from generating electricity from the sun.
Figure ES-1: Retail Electricity Rates and the Values of Solar Energy in 16 Cost-Benefit Analyses.
Net metering policies have been critical to the growth of solar energy in the United States. To maintain America's momentum toward a clean energy future, policy-makers should continue and expand net metering policies. Specifically:
States should lift arbitrary caps that limit availability of net metering in fast-growing solar markets.
State or local governments that evaluate the benefits and costs of net metering should include a full range of benefits of solar energy, including environmental and societal benefits.
State and local governments should consider the simplicity of net metering when evaluating programs that compensate customers for the solar electricity they provide to the grid.
State and local governments should reject alternatives to net metering that do not provide residential and business customers full and fair compensation that reflects all the benefits that they provide.
State and local governments should ensure that all people can take advantage of net metering policies, including multifamily homes or homes without sunny roofs, by implementing virtual net metering programs.
Figure ES-2: A Comparison of Cost-Benefit Analyses of Solar Energy by Study and Category.
A non-profit organization is asking for proof that the Federal Communications Commission was hit by several distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks after John Oliver once again rallied the internet to save the open internet on Sunday night.
Fight for the Future, an internet advocacy organization, launched the petition because the cyber-attack occurred at the same time that many people were trying to comment on its website following Oliver's plea for people to save net neutrality, they said.
The organization is demanding that the FCC release evidence that a DDoS attack occurred.
“Whatever happened on Sunday night—whether it was a DDoS attack as the FCC claims or something else—it occurred at a time when huge numbers of people would have been commenting in support of net neutrality, which means that it effectively silenced a ton of people speaking out in support of a free and open Internet,” Evan Greer, a campaign director at Fight for the Future, told the Daily Dot in an email. “The public needs to know what really happened here.”
Oliver has been known to rally the internet masses when it comes to net neutrality—a founding principle of the internet that requires internet service providers (ISPs) to treat all data on a level playing field for their customers. The FCC's website crashed after Oliver's first segment aired in 2014.
Three years ago, Oliver asked people to flood the FCC's website with comments in support of net neutrality—and it worked. But once again, net neutrality is in the cross-hairs.
The new head of the FCC, Ajit Pai, has suggested moving the internet's regulation from Title II of the Communications Act to Title I, which would eliminate the FCC's ability to force ISPs to abide by net neutrality rules.
“There is no net neutrality without Title II,” Greer said. “The ISPs are doing everything they can to turn this into a partisan circus and fool people into thinking that Title II somehow amounts to ‘government regulation of the Internet,' which couldn't be further from the truth.”
On Monday, the FCC said in a statement that it was subject to “multiple” DDoS attacks that “bombarded the FCC's comment system with a high amount of traffic to our commercial cloud host.” The timing of the attacks occurred just after Oliver's Last Week Tonight aired late Sunday. During the episode, Oliver announced the creation of a new URL, gofccyourself.com, which directs visitors directly to the FCC's obscure commenting portal.
Screengrab via FCC.gov
The alleged attacks made it “difficult for legitimate commenters to access and file with the FCC,” the agency said.
The FCC did not respond to a request for comment by the Daily Dot.
The Fight for the Future petition, which has garnered 7,000 signatures so far, according to Greer, seems to imply that DDoS attack is a way of “covering up” the fact that the FCC website cannot handle large volumes of commenters in support of net neutrality.
“Why won't the FCC release that evidence? Is it because it doesn't exist? Or because it shows that an anti-net neutrality astroturf group was behind the attack?” Greer said. “The bottom line is that we don't know because the FCC is refusing to release this information. They've been lying to us about net neutrality for months. We're not just going to accept these claims of a DDoS without seeing some receipts.”
The petition is important, Greer said, because the FCC's comment section is an important tool for people to voice their concerns over the fate of net neutrality.
“The internet is a crucial part of many of our lives,” Greer said. “The FCC's actions will have a profound impact on hundreds of millions of people. Those people deserve to have a say.”
Watch Oliver's segment here:
The Last Guardian Manufacturing Is Complete, First Copy Gets Unboxed
The Last Guardian went gold on October 22, and since then, manufacturing on the physical version has completed. To celebrate this, Geoff Keighley posted a picture with designer Fumito Ueda, showing off the first ever copy in the world.
Ueda will be on Live with YouTube Gaming this Thursday to discuss The Last Guardian, but ahead of that, he opened the first copy of the game. The unboxing doesn't offer a clear look at the back of the box and how much space TLG will take up on your PS4, but it does show that an insert isn't included and there's a reversible cover.
The Last Guardian releases on December 6 in North America and December 7 in Europe.
[Source: Geoff Keighley (1), (2)]
It's been exciting to watch the recent developments in using stem cells as the basis for treatments for Type I Diabetes. One of the major players in this arena is the privately-held company, ViaCyte.
In this post, I interview ViaCyte President and CEO, Paul Laikind. The topics include their VC-01 product, the Encaptra device, an update on their clinical trial, the healthy competition with Doug Melton, and future perspectives.
Can you give an update on the VC-01 clinical trial?
Answer: We've enrolled four patients in the trial as of last week. The first cohort is receiving a sub-therapeutic dose with the focus on safety and tolerance. We are also including sentinels. Enrollment is currently limited to adults (age 18-55), male or female (of non-child bearing potential). They must be C-peptide negative and thus have essentially no ability to produce insulin. We are seeking to enroll patients with a stable presentation.
Is there a target date for full enrollment of 40 patients?
Answer: We will most likely have six patients in the first cohort (met by mid this year) and then another 36 in the second cohort (filled sometime in 2016). Patient numbers could change though. While it is difficult to predict this early in the study, based on current projections, we expect that an initial evaluation of efficacy could occur in mid to late 2016 However, patients will continue with the implanted device for two years.
Can you tell me more about the details of the trial?
Answer: It's a dose-escalation trial. The first cohort is sub-therapeutic and these patients will have two Encaptra-250 (EN250) “dose ranging” implants. The second cohort will have an increased dose where we seek to achieve efficacy. For the second cohort we estimate patients will have four to six dose ranging units implanted. Looking to the future for the predicted actual commercial product, it will have a larger capacity with three to four times as many cells as in one current EN250. With the commercial product, the goal is to treat patients with only one or two units implanted.
The sentinels are a novel approach to monitoring and data collection. How do these work and what is their makeup?
Answer: The sentinels are called EN20s. They are a smaller size, about the size of a dime versus EN250, which is about half the size of a business card. During the trial, the EN20s will be withdrawn periodically from patients and analyzed histologically. The sentinels are a tremendous tool for maximizing the potential of the product. With them, we can monitor progress, troubleshoot issues, examine different surgical techniques, location, etc. The sentinels were met with enthusiasm by regulators.
What are the product placement options?
Answer: There are several product placement options. We are currently focusing on placement in the lower back. The reason for that placement is that while the device can withstand the impact of a 60 mph baseball (based on cadaver testing), a needle could go right through it, so we want to put it where patients don't typically inject insulin.
What about the function of the capsule?
Answer: The theory is that the capsule will protect the cells from the patient's immune system and thus avoid the need for immunosuppression. We are testing that in this trial. It prevents cells going in or out, but allows for proteins and smaller molecules to traverse the semipermeable membrane.
Doug Melton has been quoted as being “worried” that ViaCyte technology won't work (e.g. http://www.technologyreview.com/featuredstory/535036/a-pancreas-in-a-capsule/). He raised concerns more specifically about the Encaptra capsule, for example, functionally becoming fibrotic and mentioned worries about your cells being immature and taking a long time to mature. Any response on capsule and cells? He also has suggested that his beta cells will be a better option.
Answer: Dr. Melton's work on the beta cell is very interesting. As to the cells, we made the choice to use the pancreatic progenitor cells. An important consideration is that when you first put in cells, they are in a hypoxic environment. Beta cells are sensitive to low oxygen levels, which can negatively affect their survival and function. Beta cells typically exist in a mature highly vascularized organ. The pancreatic progenitor cells that we use undergo an organogenesis-like process, more similar to how they behave in nature, and thus we believe they should be better able to handle low oxygen. They also are believed to release angiogenic and other factors to promote vascularization.
In regards to the capsule, we do expect there to be a foreign body reaction in patients after implantation, which will generate a fibrotic capsule. In fact, we see a thin fibrotic capsule around the device in mice. But in the mouse model this capsule around the device is very well vascularized. The vasculature is right up against the device membrane on the outside, allowing for oxygen and nutrient diffusion to the cells inside.
How do you view the time to maturation issue?
Answer: We do not feel the maturation time of two to three months for our cells in vivo is a concern. For example, the comment has been made by some that by implanting a more mature beta cell you avoid a delay. We question that. One, while the in vitro beta cells that have been described in recent publications are relatively more mature, they are still not actually fully mature differentiated beta cells. Two, maybe more important is the issue that, more generally, grafts take time. If you put in a product made with beta cells that's not vascularized, it will likely take time to become effective, assuming it survives the implant. Furthermore, in talking with patients, if you've been living with this disease your whole life, a couple months is a relatively negligible amount of time to have to wait for function.
Another issue raised has been that progenitor cells produce mixed cell populations. Thoughts?
Answer: We do put in cells that are designed to form the mixed cell population of the islet with multiple hormones produced. We view that as an upside. By producing something more like a full islet we have a potentially more effective way to treat the disease. For example, glucagon-producing alpha cells can be dysfunctional in type 1 diabetes as well, and we believe these can help prevent dangerous hypoglycemic episodes. Yes, this may impact the total cell numbers needed to produce blood sugar control, but based on our calculations it is within the capacity of our approach. Of course, that remains to be demonstrated in the clinical study.
What about BetaLogics?
Answer: With both Dr. Melton and BetaLogics, we view it as healthy competition. Type 1 diabetes is a disease for which we need to find a better treatment and ideally a cure. There's room in this area for multiple efforts and we aren't especially concerned with competition. Yet we do feel we are ahead of others and we have substantial intellectual property that they will need to navigate (~50 patents issued in the United States, and a couple hundred pending patent applications, including international). At ViaCyte we view the real competition as the biology rather than with the efforts of others as we seek to cure this devastating disease.
What has been the role of CIRM and JDRF funding?
Answer: I can't say enough about how important their support has been for the company. It has played a crucial role. We are focused on development of a transformative treatment for type 1 diabetes with stem cells. The valley of death is a real challenge to biotechs, and there is a very difficult financing environment for early stage, unproven technologies. CIRM and JDRF providing capital and in effect their endorsement has been crucial.
What about the partnership with J&J?
Answer: J&J has had an interest in this sector for some time. They became investors in the company via J&J Development Corporation. They've been strong investors for some time, and this last year we did a transaction with them that brought in $20 million. They have the right of first refusal. Overall, I view this as a long-standing and productive association.
What about projecting price or costs during the commercialization phase?
Answer: Should it be approved, the price will be partly dependent on how effective the product is. If animal data directly translate to humans (which admittedly doesn't always happen) and there's a functional cure where patients no longer have to use insulin, or have a reduction in insulin use, and do not have to constantly do blood tests, etc., then that would translate to savings for the healthcare system and influence how the product is priced. We also see value in how we are able to improve the quality of life for patients. If our product is able to reduce the drastic highs and lows that are so life threatening, we believe that could be very significant for patients as well.
Where do you see ViaCyte in 5 years?
Answer: Obviously, at this stage, predictions are very speculative. Five years from now we hope that we will have seen success with the VC-01 product and be moving to the market. Ideally it will have proven to be a major new approach for managing type 1 diabetes and possibly a functional cure. In addition, success with the VC-01 product will validate our two platform technologies, each with strong IP. The first is directed differentiation of embryonic stem cells to a target cell (e.g. pancreatic progenitor cells) in a regulatory compliant, reproducible, and scalable manner.
The second platform is the Encaptra delivery device. We foresee multiple applications derived from these platform technologies. In summary, five years from now we hope to have made progress with the VC-01 product and have a pipeline of other new products. These could involve a variety of cell types but for the time being I'd say 95% of our efforts remain focused on the VC-01 product.
Politico reports that Nancy Pelosi's leading “liberal enforcers” are not yet on board with strikes on Syria, which creates serious problems in her quest to round up support in the House for authorization:
Liberal enforcers like Reps. Rosa DeLauro, George Miller, Zoe Lofgren and Anna Eshoo aren't on board, at least not yet. And it won't be easy to convince them, since all four are doves who voted against the Iraq War authorization in 2002. […] DeLauro said she has particular concern about how the resolution is worded. “I will not vote for any open-ended authorization to use force or any other authorization that allows for deployment of troops on the ground,” DeLauro said. “I'm also very mindful of the fact that the use of military force can have, will have ramifications, including unpredictable ones.” […] Earlier this week, Eshoo and Lofgren sent Ambassador Susan Rice a letter asking a series of questions about the military action and its impact. Miller's press secretary Peter Whippy said the California Democrat also is undecided on whether he will support military action. “In his opinion, the President's drafted resolution is too broad and open-ended to be considered an acceptable starting point and he cannot support it as is,” Whippy wrote in an email. “Only once it's appropriately amended does he feel that we can start having a debate about military action in Syria.”
If Pelosi loses these liberals, then it signals real trouble for the White House. But listen carefully to what they're really saying: It tells us a lot about where this debate is headed.
At least two are centering their concerns primarily on the broadness of the resolution authorizing force, as opposed to the underlying premise of Obama's argument for intervention. Two others are awaiting more information from senior Obama officials before making up their mind.
I'm going to repeat myself here, but this is important. There are two categories of opposition to Syria strikes among Dems. The first is focused primarily on a desire to see the resolution put strict enough limits on Obama's authority, as opposed to being against the idea of the strikes themselves. This includes Dems like Chris Van Hollen, and perhaps DeLauro and Miller above. The White House probably can win these folks.
The second category includes those who are not persuaded by the underlying rationale Obama has offered for strikes, as opposed to merely being concerned about the scope of authorization. This includes liberal Dems like Rick Nolan and Alan Grayson, and probably most of those who are already firm No votes. Those in this camp who have not spoken out may also not be persuadable. And this could be a sizable bloc, too. As Markos Moulitsas notes, “the class of 2006 and 2008 were elected in large part based on opposition to war.” We just don't know yet how big this group is.
It's possible that those in the first, more gettable category oppose Obama's proposed intervention itself but won't say so for fear of angering the White House. But until they do say so, they should be seen as persuadable. There's a ton of kabuki going on here — those professing concern about the resolution could very well find a way to Yes later, while arguing they reined in Obama's warmaking authority.
Getting this through the House is going to be hard for the White House, because Obama still hasn't addressed people's concerns about the wisdom of the mission itself. I think it very well may fail. But folks should pay very close attention to what these Members are actually saying. Until they come out firmly against the underlying premises of Obama's argument, they aren't really in the No camp and may not even be really leaning No.
Is Australia's welfare spending heading down the same path as Europe's?
Updated
A report showing one in five Australians receive income support has prompted Social Services Minister Kevin Andrews to label the welfare system "not sustainable" and order a review.
Talking on ABC radio, Mr Andrews said: "With the population ageing at the rate that it is, we've got to ensure in the future that we're able to sustain the welfare system, otherwise we'll find ourselves in 10 or 15 years' time in the situation that some of the countries in Europe are in".
The claim: Kevin Andrews has labelled Australia's welfare system unsustainable and says in 10 to 15 years' time Australia could find itself in the same situation that some European countries are in.
Kevin Andrews has labelled Australia's welfare system unsustainable and says in 10 to 15 years' time Australia could find itself in the same situation that some European countries are in. The verdict: Treasury projections to 2050 show welfare spending as a proportion of GDP will remain steady over the next three decades.
What do European governments spend on welfare?
There's been much talk of the European welfare state, particularly since the global financial crisis dramatically increased welfare payments in many European countries. Experts contacted by ABC Fact Check said it was difficult to find internationally comparable data on welfare systems, but pointed to data collected from the OECD, a collaboration of 34 wealthy countries around the world.
The OECD Social Expenditure Database collects government and private spending on income support payments like the old age pension, and unemployment benefits. Its primary reports include money spent on health care and aged care services as part of its definition of social expenditure.
Its latest report shows the Australian government's social expenditure is 19.5 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP), lower than many of the wealthy European countries Australia usually compares itself to, and countries which were affected most by the financial crisis.
Professor Peter Whiteford, from the Crawford School of Economics at the Australian National University, says a closer look at the OECD data shows Australia is "relatively low in terms of social security and around average in the terms of spending on health".
A breakdown of the OECD data into smaller categories is available in a 2012 report which looked at social spending during the financial crisis, citing 2009 figures.
This includes the OECD's list of "cash benefits" paid by its member countries.
This is comparable to how the Australian government defines welfare spending, which it calls "income support" and includes age pension, veterans' pension, disability support pension, unemployment benefits, study and carers' allowances, and other payments.
The 2012 report shows Australia was well below many European countries in "cash benefits" in 2009.
The largest single welfare payment in Australia and Europe is the age pension. According to the OECD Pensions at a Glance 2013 Australia's public spending on the age pension was 3.5 per cent of GDP.
Many European countries spend a significantly higher percentage on age pensions. Italy spends 15 per cent of GDP, France 14 per cent, Belgium 10 per cent, Sweden 8 per cent and the United Kingdom 6 per cent.
Professor Whiteford says Greece is projected to be spending 16 per cent of its GDP on the age pension by 2060, but if it had not made pension reforms in 2009-10 it was projected public pension spending would reach 26 per cent of GDP.
Many European countries also have a significantly higher percentage of the population over age 65 than Australia. Italy, Germany, Sweden, France and Belgium all have a high proportion of old people to the ratio of working members of society.
What are the predictions for Australia's welfare spending?
The federal treasury produced its third comprehensive Intergenerational Report in 2010. The report, "Australia to 2050: future challenges" analyses the changes Australia will face over the next 40 years. Experts referred Fact Check to the report for future predictions on welfare spending.
The report says government spending on pensions and income support payments in 2009-10 was 6.9 per cent of GDP. It predicts that there will be minor fluctuations and it will still be 6.9 per cent in 2049-50.
The report says Australia is facing an increase in age-related spending, but more in health and aged care services than in welfare payments. It says that as a proportion of GDP, spending on health is projected to rise from 4 per cent to 7.1 per cent by 2049-50. Aged care is projected to rise from 0.8 per cent of GDP to 1.8 per cent. Spending on age-related pensions is projected to rise from 2.7 per cent of GDP to 3.9 per cent.
The number of people of eligible pension age is projected to increase by around 150 per cent by 2049-50, however the report predicts there will be a decline in the proportion of pensioners receiving a full age pension because of the increased value of superannuation and other private assets and income.
Over the same period, spending on other welfare programs - unemployment benefits, widow pensions, parenting payments, carer payments and study allowances - is expected to fall.
The report says the ageing of the Australian population will place substantial pressure on government spending over the next 40 years, however two thirds of this cost will fall under health.
The report also comments on Australia's comparative position. "Australia is comparatively well-placed in relation to age pension spending because the pension is means-tested and targets poverty alleviation," it says. "By comparison, many OECD countries pay age pensions based on pre-retirement individual earnings, resulting in greater fiscal pressure as their populations age."
Andrew Podger, professor of public policy from the Australian National University, wrote in the Australian Financial Review on January 22: "The claim that Australia's welfare system is 'unsustainable' would surprise observers in most other OECD nations which spend a much higher percentage of their GDP on social security payments. Our emphasis on flat-rate, means-tested payments rather than earnings-related social insurance has limited the burden on Australian taxpayers."
Professor Whiteford says: "Because we income test payments more than any other country, we have the most progressive distribution of benefits in the OECD, and we also spend less than the OECD average.
"It could be noted that the only element of the social security system that will resemble the European approach when it is introduced is the Government's paid parental leave proposal."
"We have challenges to face, but we are not heading the same way as Europe," he said.
The verdict
There is nothing to indicate that as the population ages Australia is heading toward the high welfare spending of some European countries. Treasury projections to 2050 show welfare spending as a proportion of GDP will remain steady over the next three decades.
Sources
Topics: welfare, liberals, federal-government, social-policy, aged-care, australia
First posted
Conservative blogger Milo Yiannopoulos has been permanently banned from Twitter for his role in harassing comedian and actress Leslie Jones.
Yiannopoulos, who is tech editor at conservative news site Breitbart and a self-described internet “supervillain,” had more than 338,000 Twitter followers and was notorious for his outspoken — and sometimes abusive — posts. Twitter had suspended his account numerous times before, including in June after he posted anti-Islamic tweets in response to the Orlando massacre.
Read: Twitter rolls out verification application process amid harassment furor
The last straw apparently came as he encouraged a wave of racist, misogynistic and generally offensive tweets at Jones, who stars in the all-female “Ghostbusters” reboot, a movie that has triggered a backlash from largely young, male internet trolls.
In a series of tweets Monday, Yiannopoulos called Jones “terrible,” “barely literate” and accused her of playing the victim. Jones retweeted a number of other hateful messages she received Monday, and announced she was leaving Twitter with “tears and a sad heart.”
I used to wonder why some celebs don't have Twitter accts now I know. You can't be nice and communicate with fans cause people crazy. — Leslie Jones 🦋 (@Lesdoggg) July 19, 2016
I leave Twitter tonight with tears and a very sad heart.All this because I did a movie.You can hate the movie but the shit I got today...wrong — Leslie Jones 🦋 (@Lesdoggg) July 19, 2016
In a statement Tuesday night, Twitter said: “People should be able to express diverse opinions and beliefs on Twitter. But no one deserves to be subjected to targeted abuse online, and our rules prohibit inciting or engaging in the targeted abuse or harassment of others.”
Twitter also said it would continue to crack down on harassment. “We know many people believe we have not done enough to curb this type of behavior on Twitter. We agree,” the company said in its statement.
It added that it was working to improve technology to more quickly identify and remove abusive users of the service.
In a blog post on Breitbart on Tuesday night, Yiannopoulos called his banishment “cowardly,” saying “Twitter has confirmed itself as a safe space for Muslim terrorists and Black Lives Matter extremists, but a no-go zone for conservatives. ... This is the end for Twitter. Anyone who cares about free speech has been sent a clear message: you're not welcome on Twitter.”
Yiannopoulos isn't the first prominent voice banned from Twitter. Rapper Azealia Banks and political blogger Chuck Johnson have also has their accounts shut because of their conduct.
But several on Twitter leaped to the defense of Yiannopoulos under the hashtag #FreeMilo. They criticized the company's chief executive officer, Jack Dorsey, for cherry-picking who he chooses to ban and stifling what they said was the right to free speech:
An airport diverted flights and suspended one runway after a drone was sighted flying nearby.
Manchester airport halted operations on its Runway One to allow police to investigate the sighting, a spokesman said.
The runway was suspended for around 20 minutes and four inbound flights were diverted to nearby Liverpool and East Midlands airports.
Stuck inside a plane due to a drone above the runway and all manchester flights suspended #drone #manchester #airport
@Ryanair Hi any idea how long the delay for the Faro flight from Manchester FR4088 will be due to the drone over Manchester Airport?
The growth in civilian drone technology in recent years has led to concerns over how the new remotely-controlled aircraft may interfere with other aircraft.
A Manchester Airport spokesman said: “Due to a report of a potential drone sighting in airspace near to the airport, some flights have experienced short delays and a small number of flights have diverted to alternative airports whilst Greater Manchester Police carried out an investigation using their Police Helicopter. Upon inspection, nothing was found.
"As the safety and security of all of our passengers is paramount, operations on Runway One were suspended for 20 minutes. Runway Two, which was unaffected, will remain open for an hour so normal traffic flows can resume.”
John Mayhew, air traffic control company Nats' general manager at Manchester Airport, said: "Flying drones in the close vicinity to any airport without permission is completely unacceptable, with the reported sighting causing delays to inbound and outbound traffic and the diversion of a small number of aircraft to other airports.
"The matter has now been referred to the police."
The UK board investigating aircraft near misses last December described how a device believed to be a small radio-controlled helicopter drone came within 20ft of an incoming Airbus A320 passenger plane at Heathrow airport.
The Airbus was 700ft from landing when the pilot reported seeing a small black object to the left of the aircraft, the report said.
In a move that surprised many observers of the ongoing war for Deir Ezzor province, the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) handed over one of Syria's largest gas fields to Russian forces on Thursday, possibly as the result of unprecedented direct talks between high ranking Russian officials and Kurdish leaders in Qamishli in northeastern Syria.
Conoco gas plant (also locally called Al-Tabiya, which is the plant's main feeder field) lies on the eastern side of the Euphrates outside of Deir Ezzor city - which was recently liberated from ISIS as the Syrian Army and Russian forces approached from the west of the Euphrates. The Conoco field had been held by ISIS since 2014, and was taken by the SDF on September 23rd as the mainly Kurdish force advanced from the east. The now fast crumbling Islamic State relied on much of its financing through its prior consolidation over many oil and gas sites in the resource rich Deir Ezzor province.
(Click to enlarge)
Above: overhead view Conoco/Tabiya plant. Below: Recent video footage taken after the U.S.-backed SDF captured the facility from ISIS last month. ConocoPhillips founded it, yet is not currently associated with it (since 2005).
The gas field, which had the largest capacity of any in Syria prior to the conflict, is capable of producing 450 million cubic feet (13 million cubic meters) of natural gas per day. It is named for the American company which first discovered gas reserves and built a processing plant at the location, however, ConocoPhillips turned the facility over to the state-run Syrian Gas Company in 2005 and has no current association with it.
Beirut-based al-Masdar News broke the story based on Syrian military sources:
“The information, disseminated by Syrian military reports, claims that an agreement has been brokered between Russia and the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces whereby the Syrian government will be allowed to assume control over the gas field.”
Related: Big Oil Refuses To Give Up On The Barents Sea
If true, then the scope of any backdoor agreements reached between Moscow and Washington regarding the transfer of energy assets held by Kurdish-led militias back to the rightful ownership of the Damascus government may yet encompass wider dimensions (i.e. future transfers) – although there is absolutely no evidence to suggest this is in fact the case.
Nonetheless, the unexpected transfer of the Conoco Gas Field by the SDF to the Syrian government does now raise questions as to whether or not the hitherto competition between the Syrian Arab Army and Kurdish-led militias to seize control of the much larger Al-Omar Oil Field from ISIS further south is still on.
On Wednesday the Russian Deputy Foreign Minister was spotted in the self-declared Kurdish autonomous zone of Rojava to meet with Kurdish and Syrian leaders in the northern city of Qamishli (based on Zero Hedge's own sources, also confirmed by other analysts). It is very likely that Thursday's Conoco gas field handover was the result of this historic, yet unofficial, face-to-face meeting.
HUGE developments in Syria: -- Reports Russian forces have controlled Conoco gas plan East of the Euphrates (supposedly SDF/US influence sphere)
-- Top Syrian intelligence chief, along wt Russian deputy FM, met PKK official in Qamishli
-- US policy is paralyzed in Iraq & Syria https://t.co/g7Frcuh9eY — Hassan Hassan (@hxhassan) October 19, 2017
Russian Deputy FM Mikhail Bogdanov is the Special Presidential Envoy for the Middle East - so whatever was discussed was no doubt huge. This follows last month's "secret" and unprecedented U.S.-Russia military to military meeting on Syria at a location somewhere in the Middle East.
Meanwhile, rapid developments in the region continue to point toward an eventual full Syrian-Russian military and strategic victory. As we explained previously, after Kirkuk city in Iraq came under complete Iraqi national control this week, the U.S. is now forced to reconsider its presence in northeast Syria as Kurdish aspirations in Iraq were shut, and as the U.S. was forced to side with Baghdad as the victor, along with other countries like Saudi Arabia, which quickly sent congratulations to the Baghdad government. It appears that national sovereignty will win out over what appeared to be a previous trajectory toward ethnic/sect based fragmentation in Iraq and Syria.
Related: Are Combustion Engines Reaching Peak Demand?
This week the U.S. coalition announced that 98 percent of Raqqa city has been liberated from ISIS as the SDF continues to celebrate victory by raising its banners over the city. But now the question remains: if ISIS is now largely finished and clearly on the run, what will U.S. military goals in Syria be if its 'Operation Inherent Resolve' was ostensibly all about defeating Daesh?
How do they celebrate victory in Raqqa?
With donuts, of course.
Same spot where IS did it's victory laps three years ago. @BBCNews pic.twitter.com/QnhhFvWVxi — Quentin Sommerville (@sommervilletv) October 17, 2017
As we suggested before, Kurdish interests don't lie with Washington but with Damascus, ready to establish a constructive dialogue with them if they stop being seduced by the U.S.' temporary interest in the Levant. So, the Conoco field handover could mean that either the Syrian Kurds now see the writing on the wall (after observing events in Iraq) and know the U.S. will eventually drop them (thus seeing the need to start directly dealing with Syria-Russia), or perhaps that the U.S. has now been forced to save face and make good on its officially stated anti-ISIS goals.
In late September, U.S. coalition spokesman Col. Ryan Dillon told Reuters: "From the coalition's perspective it has not been a race, we are not in the land-grabbing business,” and added, “Our goal as I have said a dozen times is fighting ISIS. We don't have a fight with the (Syrian) regime. We are not in a fight with the Russians. We are there to fight ISIS and that's what we are going to do.”
It appears that the U.S. could be forced to make good on these (initially empty) promises while making a "graceful" exit (the U.S. will claim to have "defeated ISIS"). However, it remains true to that the U.S. proxy SDF continues to hold vast Syrian energy resources, and U.S. special forces still illegally maintain perhaps a dozen forward operating bases throughout the country's north.
U.S. and Saudi "reconstruction" presence in Raqqa Province? Brett McGurk in Ayn Issa, Raqqa on Monday with the Saudi minister Thamer al-Sabhan (former Ambassador to Iraq, known to be extremely sectarian and anti-Shia.):
First meeting was with the local council of #Raqqa then with reconstruction committee at the least they met with elders of Raqqa#R24 — Raqqa24 (@24Raqqa) October 17, 2017
Though the U.S. endgame continues to be the ultimate million dollar question in all of this, it appears at least for now that this endgame has something to do with the Pentagon forcing itself into a place of affecting the Syrian war's outcome and final apportionment of power: the best case scenario for American power in the region being permanent U.S. bases under a Syrian Kurdish federated zone with favored access to Syrian oil doled out by Kurdish partners, and we could now be witnessing the early phases of such negotiations.
But if indeed the Kurds are cutting separate deals with Russia, a U.S. exit from Syria could be forced sooner rather than later.
By Zerohedge.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com:
British high court denies Julian Assange's appeal EUROPE
FILE - This is a Monday, Dec. 5, 2011 file photo of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange as he pauses as he makes a statement to media gathered outside the High Court in London. Britain's Supreme Court on Wednesday May 30, 2012 ruled that Assange can be extradited to Sweden where he is accused of sex crimes. (AP Photo/Kirsty Wigglesworth, File) less FILE - This is a Monday, Dec. 5, 2011 file photo of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange as he pauses as he makes a statement to media gathered outside the High Court in London. Britain's Supreme Court on Wednesday ... more Photo: Kirsty Wigglesworth, Associated Press Photo: Kirsty Wigglesworth, Associated Press Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close British high court denies Julian Assange's appeal 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
London --
Britain's Supreme Court on Wednesday denied WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange's appeal against extradition to Sweden to face questions about allegations of rape, sexual assault and unlawful coercion.
At a short hearing in central London, the president of the Supreme Court, Nicholas Phillips, said the court dismissed the defense team's argument that the warrant that led to Assange's arrest was flawed.
Speaking to a packed courtroom, Phillips said the case had "not been simple to resolve," and was decided by a vote of 5 to 2.
In a surprise intervention, Assange's legal team asked - and was granted - two weeks to consider lodging an application to reopen the case. The lawyers said that the judges decided the case based on the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, but that this point had not been discussed in court.
Assange - who shot to international fame when his antisecrecy Web site spilled official state secrets in the form of Afghanistan and Iraq military reports and a mammoth cache of diplomatic cables - did not appear in court on Wednesday. His lawyers told reporters he was stuck in traffic.
Swedish authorities want to question Assange - no charges have been laid - about separate encounters he had with two WikiLeaks volunteers. The volunteers say they had consensual sex with Assange, but at some stage, it became non-consensual.
One of the women, described in the courts here as "Miss B," accused Assange of having unwanted sex with her while she was asleep.
Although the Supreme Court is Britain's highest appellate court for civil cases, Assange has not yet exhausted all of his legal options.
Assange can still appeal to the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg, France, which would decide within two weeks whether or not to take the case. If that court declined to take the case, Assange would be extradited to Sweden "as soon as arrangements can be made," according to a statement by the Crown Prosecution Service.
If the European court accepts the case, analysts say, the long-running legal battle could drag on for more weeks or months.
Protect Your Stuff 1-year protection plan: $34.99 Buy Now
Quickly access the Internet in more places with the HP Chromebook. Choose from dynamic colors and enjoy the wide 14-inch HD screen as you take advantage of Chrome apps.
Chromebooks run Chrome OS for a fast, simple, secure Internet experience.
Express yourself with an HD 14-inch diagonal screen in a slim package, styled in a vibrant range of color options.
The latest-generation NVIDIA fanless processor and eMMC storage give you speed, power, and performance, with battery life that lasts.
Key Features:
NVIDIA Tegra K1 mobile processor; fast and quiet NVIDIA fanless processor with long-lasting battery life
14" HD Anti-Glare LED-backlit display; delivers outstanding visual quality
2GB DDR3 memory - For multitasking power
16GB Solid State Drive dramatically improves the responsiveness of your system
NVIDIA's Kepler architecture-based GPU with 192 NVIDIA CUDA cores
USB 3.0 has transmission speeds of up to 5 Gbit/s, 10 times faster than USB 2.0
2x2 802.11ac Dual-band Wireless Networking; provides an easy, high-speed connection to available networks for smooth Internet access on the go
Full keyboard comfort: Lightly responsive island-style keys including web shortcut keys
Easily link with other Bluetooth-enabled devices, such as a mobile phone or MP3s players
Chrome OS: Provides a fast, simple and secure Internet experience
Shipping Note: Shipping to Alaska and Hawaii is not available for this item.
A physical address is required for delivery. No Military or PO Box shipments available
Warranty: 90 Day HP
rfc:object-typehint
PHP RFC: Object typehint
Version: 1.1
Date: 2016-08-12
Author: Michał Brzuchalski michal.brzuchalski@gmail.com , Dan Ackroyd danack@php.net
Status: Implemented (in PHP 7.2)
First Published at: https://wiki.php.net/rfc/object-typehint
Introduction
PHP 7 introduced scalar types for parameters and also for declaring return types for functions. However it is not currently possible to declare that a function either needs to be passed an object as a parameter, or to declare that a function must return an object.
Proposal
This RFC proposes that object should be used as a parameter type and as a return type. Any object would pass the type check. Passing a value that is not an object to a parameter that is declared as type object would fail the type check, and a TypeError would be thrown. Similarly, if a function is declared as returning an object but does not return an object, again a TypeError would be thrown. As it would be used internally, object would become a reserved classname, unavailable for use as a class name in userland code. For class methods that use object as either a parameter or return type, the inheritance checks would use contravariance for parameter types, and covariance for return types.
Examples
Parameter type
function acceptsObject ( object $obj ) { ... } // This code can be statically analyzed to be correct acceptsObject ( json_decode ( '{}' ) ) ; // This code can be statically analyzed to be correct acceptsObject ( new \MyObject ( ) ) ; // This can be statically analysed to contain an error. // and would throw an TypeError at runtime. acceptsObject ( "Ceci n'est pas une object." ) ;
Return type
Functions and methods can be declared with an object return type, to enforce that the function must return an object. // This function can be statically analysed to conform to the // return type function correctFunction ( ) : object { $obj = json_decode ( '{}' ) ; return $obj ; } // This function can be statically analysed to contain an error // and will also fail at runtime. function errorFunction ( ) : object { return [ ] ; }
Benefits
Make code easier to understand
Although most code deals with specific types, there are several types of library where it is common to handle arbitrary object types.
Hydrators + data extractor
Hydrators allow objects to be filled with data from an array. Extractors do the opposite, they take an object and return an array of data. interface Hydration { // Hydrate an object by populating data public function hydrate ( array $data , object $object ) : object ; } interface Extraction { // Extract values from an object public function extract ( object $object ) : array ; } The extraction step can take an arbitrary object as the sole parameter. The hydration step can take an arbitrary object as the second parameter, and will return an arbitrary object. Having the type for the parameters and the return type be set as object will make the expected types be clearer to anyone using these functions, as well as detect incorrect types if there is an error in the code.
Service containers and DIC libraries
For both service containers and dependency injection libraries, it is common to want to put services and other objects into the container. interface ServiceContainer { // Set service definition public function set ( string $id , object $service ) ; // Retrieve service object from container public function get ( string $id ) : object ; } Additionally, ORM libraries such as Doctrine have functions that will either consume or produce arbitrary objects.
Catching return errors
Having an object return type would allow some errors to be detected more quickly. The following function is meant to return an object. With the object return typ set for the function, failing to return an object would cause a TypeError to be thrown in the location where the bug is. function unserialize ( $data ) : object { $type = $data [ 'type' ] ; switch ( $type ) { case 'foo' : { return new Foo ( ) ; } case 'bar' : { return new Bar ( ) ; } case 'zot' : { new zot ( ) ; } // Ooops, this is an error } } Without the object return type, an incorrect value of null is returned from the function. This error can only be found by debugging at runtime.
Enforcing signature in inheritance
Currently, as PHP does not allow 'object' to be used as a return type, it is not possible to enforce the return type in a child class. In this example the method is supposed to return an object, but a programmer has changed what the function does in the child class. class WidgetFactory { function create ( ) { return new Widget ( ) ; } } class CustomWidgetFactory extends WidgetFactory { function create ( ) { $object = new Widget ( ) ; return true ; //This is an error that cannot be statically analyzed. } } This type of error can only be detected when running the code. If we had object as a type, even if a programmer misunderstood what the method was supposed to do, and accidentally tried to create a child class that had a different signature, the code would not compile, and the error would be caught before the code is run: class WidgetFactory { function create ( ) : object { return new Widget ( ) ; } } class CustomWidgetFactory extends WidgetFactory { // This class would not compile, as the signature of the metod in // the child class is not compatible with the method signature in // the parent class. function create ( ) : bool { ... } } If the programmer wrote the correct signature for the method in the child class, but returned the wrong value, this error would also be caught: class WidgetFactory { function create ( ) : object { return new Widget ( ) ; } } class CustomWidgetFactory extends WidgetFactory { function create ( ) : object { $object = new Widget ( ) ; // returning something that is not an object throws a TypeError exception. return true ; } } This would also be an error detectable by a static analyzer.
Variance
Argument typehint contravariance
Classes that extend another class, or implement an interface may broaden a parameter type from a specific class, to more generic 'object' typehint. class Foo { } class Bar { public function foo ( Foo $object ) : object { return $object ; } } class Baz extends Bar { public function foo ( object $object ) : object { return $object ; } } This is normally known as contravariant. Classes extending/implementing may not narrow method arguments types from 'object' to more specific type. class Foo { } class Bar { public function foo ( object $object ) : object { return $object ; } } class Baz extends Bar { public function foo ( Foo $object ) : object { return $object ; } } In this situation the standard PHP warning for incompatible signatures will be raised. Declaration of Baz :: foo ( Foo $object ) : object should be compatible with Bar :: foo ( object $object ) : object
Return type covariance
Classes extending/implementing may narrow methods return types from 'object' to specified class name. This behavior is the similar as that proposed for 'iterable' and is normally called covariant. class Foo { } class Bar { public function foo ( object $object ) : object { return $object ; } } class Baz extends Bar { public function foo ( object $object ) : Foo { return $object ; } } In above example 'object' return type was narrowed to 'Foo' type in extending class.
Reflection
There are two changes in reflection: ReflectionType::isBuiltin returns true for parameters and return types declared as 'object'. ReflectionType::__toString returns 'object' for parameters and return types declared as 'object'.
Backward Incompatible Changes
Although 'object' is already a soft reserved word, this RFC adds object as fully reserved classname.
Proposed PHP Version(s)
PHP 7.2.
RFC Impact
To SAPIs
None.
To Existing Extensions
None.
Unaffected PHP Functionality
This doesn't affect the behaviour of cast operators.
Proposed Voting Choices
Voting will run from 2017-05-17, for two weeks, until 2017-05-31. As this is a language change, a 2/3 majority is required. The vote is a straight Yes/No vote for accepting the RFC and merging the patch. The additional vote is also a straight Yes/No vote for accepting variance behaviour on the object type. Accepting the object typehint RFC for PHP 7.2? Real name Yes No ajf (ajf) ashnazg (ashnazg) cmb (cmb) colinodell (colinodell) danack (danack) daverandom (daverandom) davey (davey) dm (dm) dragoonis (dragoonis) emir (emir) galvao (galvao) jedibc (jedibc) jhdxr (jhdxr) kalle (kalle) kelunik (kelunik) kguest (kguest) krakjoe (krakjoe) lcobucci (lcobucci) leigh (leigh) leszek (leszek) levim (levim) mariano (mariano) narf (narf) nikic (nikic) ocramius (ocramius) peehaa (peehaa) pmjones (pmjones) pollita (pollita) salathe (salathe) sammyk (sammyk) sebastian (sebastian) stas (stas) trowski (trowski) weierophinney (weierophinney) zeev (zeev) Final result: 32 3 This poll has been closed. Object type should implement variance? Real name Yes No ashnazg (ashnazg) bwoebi (bwoebi) danack (danack) daverandom (daverandom) davey (davey) dm (dm) dmitry (dmitry) dragoonis (dragoonis) emir (emir) galvao (galvao) jedibc (jedibc) jhdxr (jhdxr) jmikola (jmikola) kalle (kalle) kguest (kguest) krakjoe (krakjoe) lcobucci (lcobucci) leigh (leigh) levim (levim) mariano (mariano) narf (narf) nikic (nikic) ocramius (ocramius) pmjones (pmjones) pollita (pollita) sammyk (sammyk) sebastian (sebastian) stas (stas) trowski (trowski) zeev (zeev) Final result: 10 20 This poll has been closed.
Patches and Tests
PR #2080
RFC Branches” Online Runtime Execution at 3v4l.org on tab “Branches”
Discussions
Both the prosecution and the defense offered forceful cases centered on mental illness as victims' families prepared for a verdict: ‘Now the grieving can begin'
Three years ago, during a midnight screening of the Batman film The Dark Knight Rises, it took James Holmes just 90 seconds to fire 76 rounds in a crowded Aurora movie theater. On Tuesday, in a courthouse just a few miles away from that Colorado city, it took Judge Carlos Samour Jr far longer than that to read out the names of the 12 people Holmes killed and the 70 he injured that night.
Some of those victims and many of their family members were in the public area on Tuesday, listening mostly in silence as Samour instructed jurors on the charges against Holmes for perpetrating the July 2012 massacre. The prosecution and defense laid out their closing arguments, before handing over Holmes's fate to the jury. Their deliberations are scheduled to begin on Wednesday morning.
Inside the courtroom, a few family members stood and chatted with one another as they waited for closing arguments to begin. Most sat in the court's theater seats, strangely reminiscent of those in the Century Aurora 16 cinema where the attack took place, and silently stared ahead.
Laying out gut-wrenching details in his closing arguments, from the steel-penetrating bullets used to the shots at those who tried to escape in order to scare others out of following, the district attorney, George Brauchler, methodically built the case that Holmes was guilty of first-degree murder for the 12 people he killed and attempted murder for the 70 he injured.
To do that, though, he would need to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Holmes was not insane at the time of the rampage. (Unlike many states, Colorado places the burden of proving sanity on prosecutors.) In an attempt to show Holmes's awareness and premeditation, Brauchler walked the jury through the defendant's Google chat transcripts, writings, and meetings with counselors which discussed killing others. “That guy was sane beyond a reasonable doubt,” Brauchler said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sandy Phillips, whose daughter Jessica Ghawi was killed in the 2012 Aurora movie theatre massacre, carries a T-shirt commemorating the 12 people killed in the attack, outside the Arapahoe County district court following the day of closing arguments. Photograph: Brennan Linsley/AP
Throughout his closing remarks, not once did Brauchler mention Holmes by name, pointedly referring to the defendant each time as “this guy” or “that guy”. Every few minutes, though, he stopped discussing Holmes and instead put the name of a victim on his accompanying PowerPoint presentation, often with photos.
One of the, Josh Nolan, sat in Courtroom 201 as Brauchler showed photos of wounds that he suffered during the shooting. Nolan wept silently, clenching a walking cane against his side. A large scar on his arm was still visible.
When Brauchler discussed one of the deceased victims, 23-year-old Micayla Medek, her grandmother Marlene Knobbe began sobbing. “I'm just glad it's over,” she told the Guardian afterward. Her mother, Rena Medek, agreed. “Now the grieving can begin.”
Though less polished than the district attorney, public defender Dan King used his closing arguments to make a forceful case that Holmes was not guilty by reason of insanity. He told the jury to rise above the gory and emotional details of the shooting and instead focus on Holmes's lengthy history of mental illness.
“Accept that mental illness exists,” King pleaded to the jury. “You can't just ignore the fact that he was mentally ill.” He argued: “We don't blame people for getting cancer,” and yet “we in this country seem to be in denial about mental illness.” Holmes “inherited the disease from his family”, King said.
All four psychiatrists who evaluated Holmes agreed that he had some form of schizophrenia. But the two court-appointed forensic psychiatrists, Jeffrey Metzner and William Reid, argued that Holmes was legally sane at the time of the attack, while two psychiatrists with the defense team, Jonathan Woodcock and Raquel Gur, disagreed.
Many of the victims' family members were perturbed at Holmes's insanity defense. “One million people have mental illness in this country,” Medek told the Guardian. “Not all of them kill people.”
Sandy Phillips, whose daughter Jessica Ghawi was among the 12 who were killed, agreed, arguing that mental illness wasn't a good reason for Holmes's actions. “I really think it's a disservice to the mentally ill to project it that way.”
A number of the victims' family members said they were pleased with the prosecution's performance. “We really like them,” Medek said. “They're really nice people.” Another standing in line to get back in the courtroom told a passing Brauchler: “You rocked it.”
After hundreds of hours of testimony and proceedings, the jury's nine women and three men are now charged with deciding Holmes's fate. If they vote to convict, prosecutors have said they will seek the death penalty. Colorado currently has just three individuals on death row and the state has only executed one person in the past 38 years.
Back in the courtroom, Brauchler was given the last word of the trial. He blasted Holmes's insanity defense, arguing that his thought process was rational and his actions were premeditated.
“Sane. Sane. Sane. Guilty.” Brauchler closed, standing just feet from where the defendant sat. Holmes slowly twisted in his chair.
Paul Manafort accompanied by his lawyer Kevin Downing, right, arrives at U.S. Federal Court, in Washington, Thursday, Nov. 2, 2017. Manafort, President Donald Trump's former campaign chairman, and Manafort's business associate Rick Gates have pleaded not guilty to felony charges of conspiracy against the United States and other counts. ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana)
WASHINGTON (AP) — Special counsel Robert Mueller estimates his prosecutors will need three weeks to present their case against ex-Trump campaign officials Paul Manafort and Rick Gates to a jury, according to a court filing made public Friday.
Responding to a federal judge in Washington, Mueller prosecutor Kyle Freeny wrote that the government will likely need 15 trial days to present evidence supporting a 12-count indictment unsealed earlier this week alleging violations of federal money laundering, banking and foreign lobbying laws.
Manafort, who served for five months as President Donald Trump's campaign chairman, and his former deputy Gates have pleaded not guilty to the charges.
Both men were released on multimillion-dollar bonds but placed on house arrest. Manafort has asked a judge to ease the terms of his pretrial confinement, calling Mueller's case “embellished,” in court papers filed this week.
Manafort's lawyer, Kevin Downing, said he expects to file pre-trial motions to suppress evidence “improperly obtained by search warrant, subpoena or otherwise” by Mueller's investigators, a court filing Friday shows.
Manafort's Virginia home was raided in July by FBI agents.
U.S. District Judge Amy Berman Jackson set a tentative timeline for filings in the case, scheduling a possible May 7 trial date.
The charges against Manafort and Gates were the first criminal charges stemming from Mueller's six-month probe of potential ties between Russian operatives and the Trump campaign.
Another campaign-era aide, George Papadopoulos, has pleaded guilty to lying to FBI agents about his contacts with Russian agents during the 2016 presidential election and is cooperating with Mueller's investigators, court records unsealed this week revealed.
Mueller's charges against Manafort, 68, and Gates, 45, relate to their financial dealings while lobbying for Russia-friendly political interests in Ukraine as far back as 2012.
Trump wrote on Twitter this week that there was “NO COLLUSION” between his campaign and Russia and said the case centered on acts that occurred “years ago,” well before Manafort got involved with his campaign.
Noted writer and poet Ashok Vajpeyi on Saturday refused to take back the Sahitya Akademi award that he had returned stating that "intolerance levels remain high" in the country.
"...Intolerance levels remain high and widespread. Look at what happened to a Dalit student driven to suicide. This is also intolerance," Vajpeyi said on the sidelines of the ongoing Jaipur Literature festival. He had recently returned the D.Litt honour conferred to him by the Hyderabad Central University in protest against the "anti-dalit" attitude of authorities.
Vajpeyi said although Prime Minister Narendra Modi had voiced his grief at Rohith Vemula's suicide, he had underplayed the dalit issue.
"The PM emphasised the fact that a mother has lost a son but he underplayed the Dalit part of it. It must be a part of his (main) approach to the problem," Vajpeyi said. He also slammed the government on its "slow response" to the Hyderabad scholar's suicide.
"I believe that this young Dalit scholar was driven to suicide. Now they are saying that there will be a judicial commission to look into his death, which is good. But all belatedly. Why have you waited six days for this event to simmer?" Vajpeyi said.
The Hindi poet was among the earliest of about 40 writers who had returned their awards in the past few months to the Sahitya Akademi in protest against the literary body's silence on the killing of writer M M Kalburgi.
"The Sahitya Akademi failed to rise up to the occasion. Belatedly, under pressure of so many writers returning their awards the Akademi saw wisdom and took the courage to state that it is an autonomous body and condemned all forms of violence particularly against authors," he said.
"The Sahitya Akademi passed a resolution and wrote a letter to us stating that there was no policy of taking back awards. But in action, it is yet to prove that it is exercising that autonomy," he said.
The writer said he is disappointed that some writers have relented and agreed to take back the awards they had returned.
"It saddens me that authors are taking back awards. I feel sad. But it is their choice, I didn't ask them to give it up and I can't ask them not to take it back," he said.
Terming it as an "intolerance of excellence," Vajpeyi said that individuals are being termed anti-national for not being in agreement with the government.
"There is an intolerance of excellence. You have all kinds of people who enjoy no respect among their peers heading national institutions. That has not disappeared. There is intolerance of minorities not merely of religion or faith but also of ideas and belief. If you say that you don't agree with the government then you're termed anti-national. All these levels of intolerance remain," he said.
So everyone is saying the economy has slowed down. No problem, it will bounce back. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) says growth in gross value added will be 7.4% in 2017-18, lower than the 7.8% notched up in 2015-16, according to the revised estimates. Well, that's not much of a fall, no reason to worry. That's what the market is saying.
True, the Indian economy has benefited handsomely from the fall in crude oil and commodity prices in the last couple of years and now that they're firming up again, that boost to growth will be lost. And yes, that could very well start crimping margins of companies and hit earnings. But look on the bright side, demand may pick up, which means sales will be higher and that could offset the lower margins. Just wait and see, 2017-18 will be better. Brokerage research reports have been predicting better times ahead every year, but this time it's for real.
Narendra Modi: The man who would purify India
To be sure, banks are still saddled with very high levels of bad debts and bankers still can't say for sure that the worst is behind them. True, credit growth is very dismal and some banks don't have the capital to fund loan growth when the economy picks up steam, which means they need to be recapitalized urgently. But wait a couple of quarters, the banks are going to get better.
Yes, yes, we all know and are tired of hearing that investment demand is down in the dumps and shows no sign of picking up. True, the budget hasn't really given a boost to capex or to growth. But why knock the budget, at least it's conservative and has earned a lot of praise from the rating agencies. And consumption demand is sure to rebound from the temporary slump caused by demonetisation.
Of course, Donald Trump may very well do what he has always said and erect high protectionist barriers in the US, which could make life difficult for Indian IT companies, apart from others. Yes, of course it's weird that RBI still doesn't know or isn't telling how much of the demonetised notes has come back to the banks. Sure, so far the pain from demonetisation has far outweighed any gains and we're not sure whether there will be any gains. Yes, it's very possible that the informal sector has been hard hit by demonetisation and will take time to recover and we really don't know whether the goods and services tax (GST), when it is implemented, will affect the informal sector adversely, which might affect consumption demand in the economy. And we don't know if GST will have an adverse effect on small businesses—some broker reports say there'll be short-term pain from GST before the long-term benefits start trickling in.
How much has demonetisation affected the stock market?
True, RBI said, rather pointedly the other day, that the interest rate cycle has bottomed out, which wasn't what folks were expecting and led to a lot of head-shaking and tut-tutting among corporate lobby groups. Yes, the Index of Industrial Production for December 2016 fell by 0.4% from a year ago and has grown only marginally this fiscal year. And jobs? Sure, jobs are scarce, especially jobs for the masses, but who's bothered about that?
The point is all this doom and gloom is simply unwarranted. Look at the markets, they're supposed to be forward-looking, right? All you have to do is listen to what they're saying. If they are right, things are going to get better soon.
Well, guess what, the MSCI India index is up 8.89% in 2017 (up to 10 February) in dollar terms, beating the MSCI Emerging Markets index, which is up 7.87% this year. MSCI India is up 19.07% from a year ago in dollar terms, which is a very decent rate of return.
Let's look at the performance of the Indian market over the longer term. Sure, the Sensex is still below the highs it reached in March 2015, but we need to see how the Indian market has done compared with others.
Government expenditure as a share of GDP shrinks
Let's start the comparison from 1 April 2014, which is about the time the markets realized Modi was going to win the elections. Between 1 April 2014 and 10 Feb 2017, the MSCI India index went up 10.3% in dollar terms. That might not look all that great. But that number glows brightly when you compare it with some of our peers—MSCI Indonesia: minus 8%; MSCI Philippines: 0.2%; MSCI China: 6.9%; or MSCI Thailand: 1.2%. We beat MSCI Emerging Markets Asia, which is up a mere 1.4% over the period and the MSCI Emerging Markets index, down 7.1%. Among BRICS, MSCI Brazil, Russia and South Africa are all lower now in dollar terms than they were on 1 April 2014.
Who's beaten our performance? MSCI US has done that, by miles. Between 1 April 2014 and 17 Feb 2017, MSCI US is up a huge 22.3%. MSCI Japan, too, is up 14.4% over the period. MSCI UK and MSCI Europe ex-UK are both lower now than they were on 1 April 2014, in dollar terms.
Compared with our peers, therefore, the Indian market has done exceedingly well. The economy may be a bit sluggish but demonetization has been shrugged off, as have low corporate earnings and bank bad loan problems. The markets' faith in Modi is undiminished. That is clearly shown by chart 2, which maps the one-year forward price-earnings multiple for MSCI India and MSCI Asia ex-Japan. As the chart shows, MSCI India's premium valuations over its peers continue to be very high.
The reason, of course, is simple. True, our economy may have all kinds of problems and demonetisation has exacerbated them. Even then, our rates of growth are better than those of our peers. Our problems pale compared with those of China and most other countries. And then, of course, the markets seem to have full faith in Modi's abilities to deliver long-term growth.
We'll know soon enough whether that faith is shared by the voters in Uttar Pradesh.
Manas Chakravarty looks at trends and issues in the financial markets. Respond to this column at manas.c@livemint.com.
Click here to read more Capital Account columns.
New Delhi: India has decided to issue 3,000 visas to Pakistani nationals to witness the upcoming Indo-Pak limited over cricket series beginning 25 December.
For the first time, India has agreed to issue multiple city visa to the cricket lovers of the neighbouring country, provided they show tickets for the matches, travelling tickets and hotel reservation slips.
The decisions have been conveyed to Pakistan, Home Ministry sources said.
Of the 3,000 visas, 1,000 will be issued for the match to be played in New Delhi while 500 all visas will be given to those who want to cherish matches in Bangalore, Ahmedabad, Chennai and Kolkata.
The series would comprise three ODIs and two Twenty20 Internationals between 25 December, 2012 and 6 January, 2013.
The ODI matches will be played in Chennai, Kolkata and New Delhi and the Twenty20 games in Bangalore and Ahmedabad.
However, no Pakistani cricket fan will be allowed to cross the border on foot (the facility is available in Wagah) but can cross over by bus, train or can travel by air.
The decisions have come following series of meetings held by a high-level special committee comprising officials of Home Ministry and security agencies in the last one month.
Sources said extra precautions would be taken before granting visas as several Pakistanis in the past have gone missing after arriving in India to watch cricket matches.
Twelve Pakistani men, who came to India to watch the last India-Pakistan bilateral cricket series held in November-December 2007, did not return home and are yet to be traced.
Pakistani-American terrorist David Headley during his interrogation had said that many Lashker-e-Taiba activists had carried out recce of vital installations in Delhi including the National Defence College after having secured visas for the Indo-Pak cricket match in 2007.
So far no information has come about visit of any Pakistani dignitary to watch the cricket series. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his then Pakistani counterpart Yousuf Raza Gilani had watched the high-profile World Cup semi-final in Mohali last year.
In July, the BCCI had decided to resume cricketing ties with Pakistan by inviting the neighbouring country for a short series.
The arch-rivals have not played a bilateral series since Pakistan's tour of India in 2007 after cricket ties were snapped following the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks.
Home Ministry sources said the Indo-Pak landmark visa agreement, signed in September, aimed at easing travel restrictions is also expected to be operationalised before the cricket series begins.
The visa agreement, signed by then Indian External Affairs Minister S M Krishna and Interior Minister Rehman Malik in Islamabad on 8 September, eases curbs on issuing visas to traders, elderly people, tourists, pilgrims, members of civil society and children.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The world's largest chocolate maker is taking climate change into its own hands.
Mars, the maker of Snickers, Twix, and M&Ms, has pledged to invest $1 billion over the next few years to fight climate change. The sustainability drive includes investment in renewable energy, food sourcing, cross-industry action groups, and farmers.
The company has previously taken several steps in its efforts to become more sustainable, and wind farms in Texas and Scotland already generate enough to power U.S. and U.K. Mars operations. In the new announcement, Mars pledged to add wind and solar farms to another nine countries by 2018. It also promised to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 27% by 2025 and 67% by 2050.
Read: Climate Change Didn't Cause Hurricane Harvey, but It Made It Worse
Grant Reid, CEO of Mars, explained the rationale behind the investment, noting that “most scientists are saying there's less than a 5% chance we will hit Paris agreement goals…which is catastrophic for the planet.” He argued that the global supply chain is broken, requiring “transformational, cross-industry collaboration” to fix it.
Mars, which employs 80,000 people worldwide, relies on farmers to produce the raw materials for its products. With this in mind, Mars isn't just “doing this because it's the right thing to do but also because it's good business,” Reid explained.
Read: Apple and Walmart Stand By Climate Change Policies Despite Trump's Executive Order
Barry Parkin, Mars' Chief Sustainability Officer, warned that the consequences of inaction include “more extreme weather events…causing significant challenges and hardships in specific places around the world, whether that's oceans rising or crops not growing successfully.” “We believe in the scientific view of climate science and the need for collective action,” he added.
Mars was one of the companies that signed a letter in June urging President Trump not to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement. The announcement of the “Sustainability in a Generation” plan comes ahead of the UN General Assembly and Climate Week, both to be held in New York later this month. Reid hopes the announcement will serve as a “call to action” to get other companies to step up their own efforts to combat climate change.
The $35 billion company plans to push the message via a M&Ms advertising campaign, which will feature the mascots holding up windmills.
Additionally, the city will no longer require businesses who advertise on their company vehicles to obtain a license to do so.
Senior Assistant City Atty. Joe McDougall said the ordinance is “viewpoint neutral,” and does not regulate the content on the mobile advertising vehicles.
“It doesn't matter if it's puppy adoption, political ads or topless maids,” McDougall said, adding that the ordinance merely centers around the design of the ad and whether it falls under the exemptions.
Vans or trucks with plywood billboards bolted to the exterior also pose safety risks, officials said.
“Is that going to fall into the street while someone is driving or riding in a bicycle pass?” Prescott asked.
Violators could be charged with a misdemeanor and face a $250 to $1,000 fine and up to six months in jail.
Councilman David Gordon was the sole dissenting vote against the ordinance, stating that the punishments were too harsh, especially for out-of-towners who likely won't be familiar with the law.
But interim Police Chief Scott LaChasse said the strictness of the ordinance would target those who may abuse the existing law.
“What you don't want to do is provide a loophole for somebody,” LaChasse said. “We don't want to have to enforce the law. If we can get people to willingly comply with the law, that's where the effort's going to be."
[For the Record, March 11: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that all vehicles for the sole purpose of advertising were affected by the restrictions.]
-- Alene Tchekmedyian, Times Community News
Follow Alene Tchekmedyian on Google+ and on Twitter: @atchek.
The conservatives won a stunning landslide victory in Australia's national elections, capturing 53% of the vote Saturday. Conservative leaders emphasized a hard line against immigration, a carbon tax, and continual increases in government spending. This “no compromise” attitude became a key to victory.
Conservative leader Tony Abbot, a former Rhodes Scholar and Catholic seminarian, has been the center of controversy throughout the campaign because of a “take-no-prisoners” attitude. And for a former boxer, this is hardly a surprise. Abbot has promised intense focus on an economy that is slowing down after a decades-long mining boom driven by demand for natural resources by China's manufacturers.
This brought an end to six years of Labor Party rule which was marked by an extremely unpopular decision to impose a hefty tax on “carbon polluters.” Abbot promised to boost the country's fledgling economy by ending that tax.
But it took more than just a plan to cut taxes to turn this election into a route. Asylum and immigration became major factors. Australians are concerned that an influx of asylum seekers are looking to skirt the standard immigration process, leading to a welfare state that is unsustainable by projected tax revenues. Abbot promised to protect Australians by stiffening these laws.
The unabashed conservative message that attracted Australian voters is being touted as a roadmap for opposition parties worldwide.
A WORLD-first augmented reality tool is being expanded into Europe to create designs for everything from hospital emergency departments to factories.
Building upon a regular Computer Aided Design (CAD) plan, the patented CADwalk system uses software to display an image of a room on to a large wall screen and project the floor plan on to the floor in actual size.
First developed with the help of the Wearable Computer Lab at the University of South Australia, CADwalk Global was previously known as Jumbo Vision International. The company originally used the software to design control rooms, but has now expanded it for use in almost any mission critical environment.
Chief Operations Officer at CADwalk Global Lena Kimenkowski said the system gave users a physical sense of a designed space before the building process began.
“It's all about getting the key experience of the space, especially for people who aren't designers, but can walk through a space and know if it feels right,” she said.
“A lot of the time this sort of industries creates mock-ups using wood or cardboard, so CADwalk is a big cost saver, and it's also more environmentally friendly.
“You bring in the sort of people who know their environment and they can then play through different scenarios or get a sense for what kind of impact a change such as adding new machinery is going to have and optimise from that.
“You would probably focus on separate areas in the design, so it might be multiple rooms with different areas, so for example an emergency department, surgeries, and so on.”
Because CADwalk relies on specialised hardware, expanding its physical offices worldwide is an important part of bringing the service to more designers.
Last month CADwalk launched its first international office in Munich, Germany. The Munich office will open fully next month as a central location to provide design services for Europe
The opening of the Munich office was aided by an Australian Federal Government commercialisation grant, with the Germany based office planned to tap into factory design in the region.
“What we're doing is we really looked for subject-matter experts in each field, because there are already experts out there designing factories and so on,” Kimenkowski said.
“Then we provide CADwalk to them as a service so they can work with their clients, the big thing we want to do is show people that it's here and that other people can use it.
“It doesn't have to be us leading the consulting or the design process, we can just make it available for other people to utilise as well.”
Each of CADwalk's offices feature a 200sq m floor that can be used to display floor plans. By panning or scaling, the floor can display larger designs, with some of CADwalk's biggest projects approaching 2000 square metres in size.
Since expanding on its initial premise, CADwalk has been used to design several towers for Airservices Australia.
CADwalk was also used to test and approve a shop-refit in a single day workshop between an external designer and their client in Western Australia.
“We think that there's a lot of interest for people to look at their designs in a different way in advance, rather than going ahead with the building side of things straight away,” Kimenkowski said.
“I think that people have to look at manufacturing in a different way.”
From a media release:
Schitt's Creek Season 2 is set to launch this winter with a double episode on Tuesday, January 12, 2016 at 9 p.m./9:30 NT.
In the second season, after a failed attempt to sell the town, the once rich and powerful Rose family come to the depressing realization that their stay in Schitt's Creek may be longer than they originally hoped. Father and former video store magnate, Johnny Rose (Eugene Levy) continues to look for ways to extricate his family from life in their sad little town, while his wife, former soap star, Moira (Catherine O'Hara) searches for ways to grace the town with her sophistication and taste. As for their spoiled children, David (Daniel Levy) and Alexis (Annie Murphy), they must do the unthinkable – find jobs. The Roses will bloom again – even if it's in Schitt's Creek.
1st December – day of action for West Papua
November 20, 2013
Please join us in London on Sunday 1st December as part of a global day of action for West Papua.
Location: Indonesian Embassy, 38 Grosvenor Square, London, W1K 2HW
Time: Midday – 3pm
Closest tube: Bond Street or Marble Arch
Background: The protest on 1st December is being held in conjunction with rallies around the world – including in The Hague, Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne, Madrid, Warsaw, Istanbul, Copenhagen, Port Vila, Port Moresby, and in towns and cities across West Papua!
On 1st December in 1961, West Papua was given full independence by the Dutch. Only a year later Indonesia invaded and this invasion has never stopped. Over 500,000 Papuans have been killed.
The demo will start at 12.00 outside the Indonesian Embassy in London and we will protest against Indonesia's colonial occupation for three hours.
Please bring flags, banners, leaflets, placards and HOPE for West Papua.
We look forward to seeing you there.
PAPUA MERDEKA!
Detroit Lions helmet (Mulholland).jpg
Could changes be on tap for the Detroit Lions logo?
(Mike Mulholland | MLive)
By now, you've probably heard the Detroit Lions are expected to have new alternative uniforms in 2016. But more significant changes could be afoot in 2017.
According to team president Rod Wood, every aspect of the team's uniform is under consideration for modification in a year, from the color scheme to the logo.
"I do want to look at our entire uniform, color scheme and look," Wood said in an interview with 105.1-FM Detroit on Thursday. "That's something that's also on the table, maybe an update to the regular uniform in 2017 as well."
A caller asked Wood about changing the logo, insisting the current version, updated in 2009, needs to be more realistic.
"I think everything is up for review with the uniform, but it does take a lot of lead time to make a change like that," Wood said. "I'll certainly consider it."
The league has stringent rules in place when it comes to updating uniforms. Wood said the NFL needs approximately a year's notice to approve any changes. Additionally, teams are only permitted to make alterations once every five years.
The Lions overhauled their look in 2009. The leaping lion logo was given additional detail to make it appear more ferocious. On the uniforms, the font and trim were updated.
With those changes, the team opted to stick with the color scheme of Honolulu blue, white with black accents. The black was originally added in 2003.
Wood also revealed the team is considered bringing back its throwback uniforms in 2017, the first time since the Thanksgiving game in 2010.
As for the alternative jerseys the Lions are expected to don sometime next season, Wood hinted they will be unveiled as part of a league-wide announcement attached to its Thursday night football series.
"We probably will be announcing, along with the rest of the league, a uniform, a third version of the uniform, that will probably be used during a Thursday night game or maybe Thanksgiving," Wood said. "It would not be a throwback uniform."
The NFL experimented with alternatives on Thursday night last season, with eight teams wearing "Color Rush" uniforms. Despite playing a pair of Thursday games in 2015, the Lions were not one of the participating franchises.
-- Download the Detroit Lions MLive app for iPhone and Android
-- Follow Justin Rogers on Twitter
-- Follow MLive Sports on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
The Neogaf user who leaked the news about a few upcoming Ubisoft titles such as Assassin's Creed Black Flag, Rayman Origins on Vita and Ubisoft's upcoming next-gen racer called The Crew, has let loose some more details on other Ubisoft projects.
According to the user kaysee, Ubisoft is currently working on Far Cry HD, which was recently listed on rating boards in Brazil, but is also currently working on Far Cry 4, which is targeting a Q1 2014 release.
What i did say about ubi and AC was that the next title was ( and this was before anything leaked)black flag or golden age. Edward haytham was the main character. Would have co op and captain kidd would make an appearance. I also said that rayman legends and r6 patriots ( not ghost recon) would come to vita. What i meant regarding vita was that liberation was coming to psn/xbla. And here is some new info. Black flag is being developed by 11 ubisoft studios. The next title in the franchisee is code named unity. Far cry 1 hd is coming soon. Far cry 4 is targeting q1 2014 release an ubi have a new nexgen ip in the works titled the crew. Source
We take most rumors here with a grain of salt at OnlySP, but considering this user has hit the nail on the head numerous times, our ears are open. Ubisoft has some next-gen projects to be revealed at E3. We assume Rainbow 6 Patriots and The Crew are part of that list, but maybe we'll get a small tease of Far Cry 4 as well. After the success of Far Cry 3, I can't see Ubisoft waiting much longer to get another title in the franchise out the door.
Stay tuned for more news on these rumors as they develop over the next few weeks.
TORONTO – Roberto Osuna opted for caution after feeling what he called a "stretch" in the front of his shoulder and the Toronto Blue Jays closer expects to be ready later this week for the American League Division Series.
His exit during the 10th inning of Tuesday's thrilling 5-2, 11-inning wild-card win over the Baltimore Orioles offered a moment of pause for his team, although both he and manager John Gibbons said the initial diagnosis suggests the injury isn't serious.
"I threw the 2-1 pitch to (Chris) Davis, a fastball away, I felt a bit of a stretch in my shoulder, in the front part, and I went with the fastball up and in and I felt it a little bit (more), and I was like I've got to be out," Osuna said amid the champagne celebrations. "I don't want to miss the next series, so that's why I told Gibby take me out and I'll be fine for Friday."
After Davis flew out to right field, Edwin Encarnacion came over to visit Osuna and waved to the dugout for Gibbons and trainer George Poulis to come out. He was later examined by one of the team's doctors and was in the training room when Encarnacion hit his game-winning home run.
"The doctor told me I'm fine," said Osuna. "I just need a couple days off, but I'll be good by Friday. He said, ‘It's nothing big, you're going to be fine in a couple of days.' Hopefully I'll be good for Friday."
Like many Blue Jays relievers, Osuna has worked often of late, but there's been no public indication that he's dealing with anything more than regular wear and tear. He was in his second inning of work Tuesday, retiring all four batters he faced.
"It wasn't a big deal," Gibbons said. “It just tightened up on him. The smart thing to do was just get him out of there."
The 21-year-old appeared in 72 regular season games this year, posting a 2.68 ERA with 82 strikeouts in 74 innings while saving 36 games.
Robert Anthony Orsi. The Madonna of 115th Street: Faith and Community in Italian Harlem, 1880-1950. New Haven: Yale University Press, 1985.
When the Virgin Mary came to New York, old women had visions, men were healed, and babies were miraculously born. But unlike at Lourdes, Marpingen, or Ezkioga, no-one questioned whether she had really appeared. Italian migrants from Polla celebrated their first festa for the Madonna of Mount Carmel on East 115th Street in 1881. They built a church for her three years later and she became the center of religious life for Harlem's Italian community for over seventy years. In The Madonna of 115th Street (1985), Robert Anthony Orsi explores how Italian Americans used Mary to maintain their community and family life. He writes, “the figure of the Virgin was a symbol at the center of a ritual, and both symbol and ritual were taken up into a communal narrative mythology. The Madonna was not a stationary icon to be worshiped, but the focus of a drama to be acted out.” And in that drama, “the men and women of Italian Harlem shaped and found themselves.”
American Catholics frequently complained the Italians of East Harlem. Their neighborhood was notorious for its mafia syndicates and was an immigrant quarter with overcrowded apartments and too many people who didn't speak English. They only went to church for baptisms, weddings, and funerals, and rarely tithed and did not support Catholic schools as Polish or Irish Catholics did. But these people really were extremely religious, Orsi insists. For the purposes of this study, Orsi defines religion as “the totality of their ultimate values, their most deeply held ethical convictions, their efforts to order their reality, their cosmology.” And what lay at the center of the Italian cosmology in Harlem? Something Orsi calls the domus. He borrows this term from Emmanuel LeRoy Ladurie, who explains it as “at once building and family, the unifying principle that linked man and his possessions.” For the migrants in Harlem, the domus included one's immediate and extended family, but also the food, customs, superstitions, and practices that they had brought with them from southern Italy.
Orsi dedicates more than half of this study to examining the domus and explaining why it mattered so much to this community. To begin with, it connected them to relatives at home, and honoring the domus was a way of dealing with the guilt of leaving them behind. It also protected the neighborhood from untoward influences. Regardless of how powerful the mafia became, they were never a threat to the Italians because they respected the domus as something sacred. The unwritten rules of the domus protected unmarried girls from the advances of untrustworthy boys. Italian boys agreed that they would feel up as many American girls as would let them, but would never touch an Italian girl if their intentions were not completely honorable. Even having coffee with an Italian girl was tantamount to a marriage proposal. Most importantly, however, the domus protected the women who were simultaneously its masters and its slaves. In the words of Marie Concilio, a young Italian woman writing in 1940, a girl's mission in life was to “help the mother in spoiling the father and the brother by waiting on them and by making them helpless around the house.” The crippling and tireless labor that this entailed took up all of a woman's time and energy, but it also ensured her total power and absolute respect within the domus.
Women were the most dedicated participants in the cult of the Madonna of Mount Carmel. They were the ones who walked barefoot through the streets carrying enormous wax candles or accompanying the Virgin on her migration through East Harlem during the annual festa. If men came, and many did, it was because they wive or mothers made them. Some of Orsi's richest sources are letters to the parish newspaper in which the faithful detailed prayer requests and miraculous interventions that they attributed to the Madonna's intersession. In the seventy year period Orsi covers, only two letters clearly came from men. Women wrote about being saved in childbirth, their men recovering miraculously from work-related injuries, marital problems, and bringing sons home from wartime service. “Two months ago my husband was laid off after having worked in the same place for nine years,” one correspondent wrote in 1946. “I was so worried I didn't know what to do.” So she made a novena and her husband got his job back. In grateful recognition of the Madonna's aid, it was common for couples such as this to vow to participate in the festa barefoot for the next five years, to crawl to the shrine on their hands and knees, or to wear a blue sash (like the one worn by the Virgin) for the next couple of months, including when at work.
The celebrations that surrounded the annual festa for Our Lady of Mount Carmel would last for days. It was a chance to catch up with relatives, meet girls, and solidify the values of the community by reminding people that Mary was watching over them. Devotees had an extremely intimate and personal relationship with the Madonna. One woman told a reporter in 1949 that “I have received many graces but now I want another one, and I'm sure the Madonna will listen to me, because I fight with Her, I get angry with Her, and then I always ask her pardon – this is the best system.” In the process, God became manifest in their communities, their loves, and their disputes. Orsi concludes his book thus: “The face of the man-god in the ecce homo tradition is bathed in blood – redemptive, life-giving blood, according to the beliefs in which these immigrants had been raised. This divine blood was the foundation of the covenant that existed between the divine and the domus. Just as blood ties demanded reciprocity and responsibility in the domus, so this image of a bleeding God established a profound intimacy between the people, who knew the meanings of blood, and the divine. Son and mother, brother and sister were bound by deep ties of blood, and so were the human and the divine.”
Advertisements
Modern technology advances fast not only in the software, but also the hardware industry. To provide quality services and satisfy clients, software testing plays an increasingly important role in the software industry. Given that the number of applications and devices steadily grows new tools for testing are needed as well.
Automation is very important in software development and testing. However, there are cases when test steps need to be done by a human. Such manual work often causes problems, because the test engineer can make mistakes. Furthermore, computerised and robotic automation is more suitable for performing repetitive actions. Additionally, software cannot fully cover full scope of testing. Therefore, we had an idea to build our own robot that could simulate finger taps on a smartphone screen or press physical buttons, something that cannot be simulated with software.
Choosing the Right Robot
Information about robots relevant to us can be found online in an abundance and we chose one that is very simple and cost-effective, because we wanted to build it ourselves. We looked at robot manipulators, CNC machines and delta robots. The following are examples that we examined.
Types of robots:
Manipulator robot is one of the robots we considered. However, we determined that it would not work for us, because of its multiple axes and motor load which would cause it to not press precisely (which in our case is very important) on the contact point at the x,y coordinates.
CNC is a robotic device that moves on two planes and adds pressure at the x,y coordinates. We started but did not finish building this robot, because it was difficult to adapt CNC's configuration and calibration to a specific phone. The robot has a complex structure which takes up a lot of space and we would have to add additional switches for calibration.
Even though creating a CNC robot seemed possible we eventually found a robot that met our needs and was easy to build, which was the determining factor, because we wanted to make it ourselves.
The delta robot is a type of parallel robot. It consists of several kinematic chains as well as three effectors called arms that are connected to a universal joint. To maintain the straight orientation of the end-effector against the surface manipulators are constructed of parallel mechanisms.
TapsterBot is a well-known, open source (BSD licensed) Delta Robot designed by Jason Huggins (brains behind Selenium) for mobile device testing. It's based on a previous design of his called BitBeam Bot, which was a traditional belt-driven, Cartesian device. Switching to a delta design allowed him to improve the speed, accuracy, and simplicity of the design. TapsterBot 1 is great design to start with if you own a 3D printer. Most of the parts are 3D printable, and all that remains is to purchase a slew of nuts and bolts and a few servo motors. TapsterBot 2 uses magnetic joints and has a few more exotic parts to track down.
The biggest advantage of a delta robot is its relatively simple three arm electric motors. Another important aspect is the robot's high speed. The three arm frame as the only mobile part can be very light and with low inertia. Unlike regular robots that have all motors built in in the manipulator, delta robot's weight is its own.
However, one of the robot's drawbacks is the non-linearity of the actuating element. For the end effector to translate and rotate the necessary input command depends on the end-effectors position relative to the surface. Because of this delta robots are difficult to use for high precision work.
To successfully control the delta robot the software should continuously solve forward and inverse kinematics tasks. For linear movements it's necessary to solve inverse task which then is recalculated from the Descartes coordinate system in the angular system as well as the forward task to know the end-effector's current position.
Tapsterbot is not the only delta robot that can be used for testing. Examining other options we found ABB IRB 360 FlexPicker and Kawasaki YF003N. However, these robots are used for industrial work. Tapster robot is made specifically for mobile application testing.
How We Built Tappy
When we found out about TapsterBot project we decided to give it a try. Since we had Zortrax M200 printer we 3D-printed all the parts. Larger parts took some effort, because we didn't have much experience with 3D printing then, so it took us several attempts until we succeeded. Problem with ABS plastic is that once it has cooled down its edges bend upwards. We managed to solve this issue by using various methods such as adding more raft and applying ABS juice to the platform. We also needed to get some nuts and bolts. Assembling first prototype wasn't very difficult, because there were some instructions available online. In total we spent about 70 euros (around USD 80) on all the parts and materials, which is approximately 10 times cheaper than ordering an assembled version.
When the first prototype was done we started working on improvements, because we noticed that the moving platform was very heavy and often detached itself from other parts. Replacing metal bearing balls with neodymium magnets solved problem with detaching. However, the platform still was too heavy, so we printed out plastic rods and replaced the metal ones. This finally solved issues with unstable moving platform. Now Tappy can Tap and swipe more precisely.
Next issue was determining correct z-index value for contact point. Since calibration usually gave different values for each corner we had to choose which one to use. Lowest value would assure that Tap always succeeds, but sometimes might penetrate the screen too much. Highest value would be safer for screen, but might not succeed with the tap. As a solution we used lowest value so that the tap always succeeds and implemented stylus a pen with a spring so that even if it goes too low, it won't damage the device's screen.
To make sure that device stays in place we placed a simple car antislip mat on the base platform.
These are just a few of the improvements. There are a lot of things that we plan to improve in future. The platform needs to be redesigned to make it more stable and we plan to add some LED's as well. You know, to make this robot much cooler 🙂
Electronics
For servo motors we chose to stick with proposed Hitec HS-311, because they have good price/performance ratio and do their job pretty good.
But for microcontroller we decided to replace Arduino Uno with a more compact alternative – Arduino Nano, which is more than enough for our needs. Setting up Arduino Nano is straightforward – just upload “Firmata Standard” sketch using Arduino IDE and you are ready to go. We soldered custom board with a on/off switch for servo motors and connections to Arduino board.
For the sake of convenience we added capacitor as well, so we only need one cable to power both Arduino and servo motors. Finally we added a ground cable running from Arduino to stylus pen so that the mobile device screen registers touches properly.
Backend
Robot's backend server runs on Nodejs. To make it more scalable we divided all the libraries in separate files. For communication with the Arduino board we are using johnny-five library. We tried to setup Nodejs server on Raspberry Pi to make the Robot completely standalone, but faced several issues with some libraries that are not well supported on ARM processor. We plan to dig deeper on this issue.
For communication with external resources we implemented both REST API and Socket.io Websocket libraries. REST API is more useful when there are just some actions that need to be executed by test framework but Websocket is more handy to synchronize data with the frontend app and exchange calibration data.
The source code is available here – https://github.com/guntiss/tappy
Calibration process
Correct robot and device calibration is very important to achieve maximum precision performance. Calibration consists of two parts:
Robot arm calibration;
Testing device calibration.
To be able to calculate end effector's position in 3D space we need to use kinematic transformations. Therefore we need to calibrate robot arms so that we can set them precisely anywhere from 0° to 90° angle. Arm calibration is done manually by detaching rods from arms and setting all 3 arms to horizontal state (0°) and then to vertical state (90°). This way we can map servo motor angles with the base. Values are stored manually at calibration file, since this process needs to be done only once unless arms are detached from servo motors.
Next step is device calibration which is necessary to be able to work with testing device screen coordinates. Thus we need to map two different coordinate systems – robots working plane with the device screen.
The problem we faced with device calibration was that we needed to install a custom application on the test device to calibrate it. It was really inconvenient, which is why we developed a browser based calibration solution, because every device has a web browser already installed. The process is pretty simple – there is a running Nodejs web server on backend with socket.io listener and on the mobile device we just navigate to the calibration page.
Calibration page contains simple javascript code that registers any tap on screen and sends tapped coordinates to server through websocket connection. Some information about device, such as browser version, screen resolution is sent as well. This way we don't have to install anything on the testing device and calibration can be done in seconds by just pressing “Calibrate” button on screen. Additionally, it supports both Android and iOS and probably even other OS devices. Calibration is done completely automatically – the algorithm taps three points on the screen and stores received coordinates in the calibration file. This is really convenient because calibration must be repeated every time we change the device or its position on the base platform.
Test Automation With Tappy
We came up with two use cases for this robot:
Record and play automation for battery usage testing;
Appium test executor.
Since we do a lot of battery usage testing for mobile applications, there are some prerequisites for test results to be reliable. Firstly, there must not be additional software installed on the device that could impact test results. Secondly, test actions must be performed at perfect timing so that the test results are comparable. That's why manual human testing wasn't satisfying for such tasks. Main requirement for developing the “Record and play” tool was that it had to be easy to use and simple yet powerful.
It consists of a real time screenshot from the device which is synchronized through ADB. Actions can be recorded by clicking on the image – they are immediately added to the script editor. Scripts run on JavaScript, thus actions can be looped or executed at specific time intervals easily.
The problem with the “record and play” tool is that we don't have much feedback from the device regarding test results or what is happening on the screen other than the screenshot. That's why we implemented Tappy as a test executor for our Appium tests. All we had to do was rewrite Tap and Swipe methods to send REST API call to Tappy's backend.
Rewritten function that uses REST API to invoke Tap action on robot:
def tapster_tap loc = calc_element_position p loc post_data = Net::HTTP.post_form(URI.parse('http://' + Tapster::IP + '/tap'), 'x' => loc[:x], 'y' => loc[:y]) puts post_data.body end
Huge advantage of using robot instead of pure software automation is that we can access all system functions. For example, we can put an application in the background, switch to another application, change system settings and even type on the screen keyboard, which sometimes can't be done or is very difficult with just software automation.
What did we learn?
While building this robot we gained a lot of experience – how to 3D print, customize 3D models, assemble the robot, implement kinematics, etc.
This is a great project with which to improve technical knowledge. We got to work with hardware and software and we are happy to have built this robot ourselves!
There still are a lot of things we plan to improve for this project, so stay tuned!
Unexpected Use of the Robot
Some time later, when we had built another robot our colleagues from the marketing team noticed our creations. They thought it was very interesting and took it to various conferences where the company participated. The robot was an absolute star and brought a lot of attention. People came over and wondered what it can do and what technology was used to build it and run it. That is how Tappy became famous! 🙂
This post has been updated.
During the Nationals' annual ballpark tour for members of the media on Tuesday, the team provided a few details about the MGM National Harbor Dugout Club, the new field-level seating section constructed beyond the dugout on the first-base side.
The section, which occupies the space where the tarp used to be stored during games, features eight luxury seats, televisions, a personal attendant, private restrooms and a dedicated entrance adjacent to the First Base Gates. The Nationals are working with MGM on an all-inclusive menu inspired by the fare available at MGM National Harbor. Valerie Camillo, the Nationals' chief revenue and marketing officer, said protective netting will be added in front of the section before Opening Day.
MGM purchased and will control access to the seats, which will not be available to the general public at the box office or on Nationals.com. According to a release, access to the club will be exclusively available to members of MGM's “M life Rewards” program who are “at the Platinum level or higher.”
The new seats in the MGM National Harbor Dugout Club. (Photo by Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
In recent weeks, fans had spotted photographic evidence of the new section. The team declined to comment before Tuesday, but some fans who sit behind the new seating area received letters from the team last week, explaining the change.
“As we embark on the 2017 campaign, we would like to inform you about an effort to upgrade our Park and maintain our status as one of the premier venues in Major League Baseball,” the letter begins. “On Opening Day, a new field level club will launch, situated beyond the dugout on the first baseline. This club will be sunken below field level in the approximate location where the tarp was stored during prior seasons. Our Season Plan Holders are extremely important to us, which is why we have taken great care to ensure that the new club will not impact the sightlines from existing seats. The tarp will be relocated to the third base side.”
A trabajar se a dicho A post shared by Javier Vergara (@chino_antrax_19) on Mar 20, 2017 at 4:34am PDT
As someone who grew up with the NASA manned space program as a beacon of innovation, strength, and hope for the future, it is a sad day for me, and I'm sure for many others.
While at ICCC6, I had the honor of once again meeting Dr. Harrison Schmitt, Apollo 17 astronaut and the only geologist to ever walk the moon.
I made sure that my children met him, and he surprised me the next day by offering two signed photographs. A most gracious man and I offer my sincere thanks. He, like many others, must feel simultaneously a sense of pride and of emptiness today.
My family and I watched this final launch this morning, I made it mandatory to witness history, even if only on television.
et tu NASA?
==============================================================
Related news from Aviation Week:
Lawmakers Seek To Kill Webb Space Telescope
A House panel recommends killing the Northrop Grumman-built James Webb Space Telescope, calling the Hubble successor “billions of dollars over budget and plagued by poor management.”
Overall, the House Appropriations Commerce, Justice, Science subcommittee backs funding NASA at $16.8 billion in fiscal 2012, a cut of $1.9 billion to President Barack Obama's budget request, according to a committee statement. The subcommittee is scheduled to approve its draft of the spending bill that also covers the Commerce and Justice departments on July 7. The bill still must pass in the full House and be reconciled with a Senate version before becoming law.
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Rep. Hal Rogers (R-Ky.) defends the committee's decisions. “Given this time of fiscal crisis, it is also important that Congress make tough decisions to cut programs where necessary to give priority to programs with broad national reach that have the most benefit to the American people,” Rogers says.
NASA's future space telescope has run into its share of trouble, going $1.5 billion over budget and seeing its launch date slip at least three years.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
WINCHESTER Cathedral officials have announced plans to lift the lids of the historic mortuary chests.
The inventory of the tombs' contents, believed to be the mortal remains of some of the early royals of Wessex, will be assessed in the coming weeks.
They are also thought to contain three bishops as well as other artefacts.
The Dean of Winchester, the Very Revd James Atwell, said: “This is an exciting moment for the Cathedral when we seem poised to discover that history has indeed safeguarded the mortal remains of some of the early Saxon Kings who became the first monarchs of a united England. Winchester holds the secrets of the birth of the English nation and it does seem that some of those secrets are about to be revealed as future research continues.
“The presence of the bones in the Cathedral, where they would have been placed near the High Altar and the relics of St Swithun, remind us just how significant the inspiration of the Christian faith was for the foundation of our national life.”
The chests themselves, which rest in the Lady Chapel, have been assessed as part of the Cathedral's conservation works.
It forms part of a new three-part exhibition coming to the Cathedral in the next few weeks entitled King's and Scribes: The Birth of a Nation, in the South Transept. The exhibit will also feature the 12th century Winchester Bible.
The project director is the Cathedral's Receiver General, Canon Annabelle Boyes.
She said: “This welcome news marks a further stage towards achieving our aspirations to tell the stories of the people who have inspired and been inspired by the Cathedral.”
Since the 16th century there have been several inspections but recent developments in forensic archaeological study means the findings can be radiocarbon-dated to more accurately confirm the date of the remains.
Experts believe those interred include Canute, King of England, Denmark and Norway, his Queen Emma of Normandy, as well as their son Harthacanute.
Canute, who died in Shaftesbury in November 1035, was originally buried in Winchester's Old Minster before work on the city's cathedral had even begun.
The discoveries could make for the country's first formal national mausoleum – of similar importance to that of St Denis of Reims.
Archaeologists will try to determine the precise contents of each chest and the number of mingled skeleton remains in order to determine how long they lived as well as their sex, physical characteristics and stature.
Robyn Beck / AFP / Frederick M. Brown / Scott Olson / Noam Galai / Getty Images
To "EGOT" is to competitively win or be honored with at least one Emmy Award, one Grammy Award, one Academy Award (Oscar), and one Tony Award — the major trophies for television, music, film, and theater.
According to the New York Post, Miami Vice star Philip Michael Thomas coined the term back in the '80s, wearing a gold "EGOT" medallion around his neck and regularly discussing his desire to win the Hollywood grand slam... even though he'd never been nominated for any of the awards. (He still hasn't.)
Only 12 people have EGOT'd competitively — Richard Rodgers, Helen Hayes, Rita Moreno, John Gielgud, Audrey Hepburn, Marvin Hamlisch, Jonathan Tunick, Mel Brooks, Mike Nichols, Whoopi Goldberg, Scott Rudin, and Robert Lopez — and four others have EGOT'd with at least one honorary award — Barbra Streisand, Liza Minnelli, James Earl Jones, and Harry Belafonte. Below are 21 people who are this close to joining their ranks.
After a string of serious, historical based films, director Steven Spielberg returns to the family genre with his adaption of Roald Dahl's famous book, The BFG. So, is it any good? The BFG is a lighthearted children's fantasy that centres of an orphan named Sophie, whom one night discovers a giant lurking out her windows. Spooked that he has been seen, the BFG whisks Sophie away to Giant Country. There she learns all about the BFG's job, as the deliverer of dreams, and his conflicts with the other not so friendly, man-eating giants whom also inhabit the Giant County. Together, the two of them concoct a plan to save the children of the world from the Giants that goes all the way up to the Queen! For those who are familiar with the book, you'll be happy to know that Spielberg and E.T. screenwriter, the late Melissa Mathison, treat the book with respect and feature all the key elements – including some of the more silly moments (whizz popping anyone!). The reunion between Spielberg and Mathison on this project would have some hoping for the next E.T, but sadly the film never reaches those heights (most would consider it hard to capture that lightning in a bottle twice). That being said, this is an enjoyable family film, suitable for all ages – and probably the lightest thing Spielberg has ever done. The cast is led by newcomer Ruby Barnhill, who plays Sophie. She plays her role with gusto and excitement. Whilst she is a joy to watch on screen, it's Mark Rylance‘s performance capture role as the titular BFG who truly steals the show. Anybody who enjoyed his performance in Bridge of Spies will be pleased to know that his personality and charm aren't lost in the creation of the CGI character. He truly brings magic to the role, and provided many giggle worthy moments for the audience. Along for the ride in very minor (and somewhat wasted) roles are Rafe Spall & Rebecca Hall as members of the Queen's staff. The Queen herself is played charmingly by Penelope Wilton (Shaun's mum!) and her scenes were the highlight of the film. The leader of the man-eating giants, Fleshlumpeater is brought to life by Jermaine Clement, but the other 7 or so giants are completely forgettable. Bill Hader was listed in the cast as one of the giants, but I'd have a hard time telling you which one he actually was! The BFG clocks in at just under a solid 2 hours, which may seem a little on the long side for a family film. The film doesn't waste any time in introducing the main players and whisking the audience right into the story, but I found the second act to be a bit slow, other than a whimsical sequence involving Dream country and a tree that would give the bio luminescent forest from Avatar a run for its money. Thankfully, the 3rd act involving the Queen is thoroughly enjoyable and brings the film to solid finale.
I'm generally wary when a lead character in a live action film is to be brought to life via performance capture/CGI. Often the characters end up in ‘uncanny valley', where they look just slightly off (soul-less eyes etc). I'm happy to report that for the most part, the BFG himself is executed flawlessly. There's so much warmth and humour to Rylance's performance and none of it is lost in the transition to the screen. There are a few moments that felt a little off (mainly any physical interactions with the human cast), but for the most part, it's incredibly well done. John Williams returns (after skipping Spielberg's last film – Bridge of Spies) and brings a score that fits fine within the film, but nothing terribly memorable. The BFG is a family friendly film of the likes which are rarely made anymore. The BFG won't be remembered as one of Spielberg's greatest, nor will this film be for everybody, but families with younger children will have a great time and enjoy this tale of orphans, giants and the literal pursuit of dreams.
Today I will continue my series on solutions to classic concurrency problems in O2 by tackling the Producer-Consumer Problem. This is possibly the most readily applicable problem to real-world programming and business situations. However, most textbooks treat it as a narrow exercise in imperative programming in the style required by a 1970′s operating system. So I am going to take some liberties with this problem in an attempt to make it more relevant today's software.
The Classic Producer-Consumer Problem
Wikipedia contains a good description of the problem as it is handled in most textbooks:
The consumer producer problem (also known as the bounded-buffer problem) is a classical example of a multi-process synchronization problem. The problem describes two processes, the producer and the consumer, who share a common, fixed-size buffer used as a queue. The producer's job is to generate a piece of data, put it into the buffer and start again. At the same time, the consumer is consuming the data (i.e., removing it from the buffer) one piece at a time. The problem is to make sure that the producer won't try to add data into the buffer if it's full and that the consumer won't try to remove data from an empty buffer.
In order to illustrate my concerns with this description I will use the example of a bank checkout line, which is a real-life version of the producer-consumer problem that you might want to model or manage using O2. Let's go point by point.
There are two processes, one producer and one consumer.
In a bank checkout line there are multiple consumers, not one. Introducing multiple consumers makes the problem substantially more complex. So our solution should work with multiple consumers.
The producer and consumer share a fixed-size buffer.
The fixed-size buffer constraint arises in the context of implementing a queue in an imperative language. But in modern memory-managed application languages the programmer doesn't and shouldn't have to deal with fixed-size buffers. Neither does a real-world bank checkout queue have a fixed number of people who can be waiting in line. The line may extend out the door onto the street and around the corner, but the potential size of the buffer is infinite. So I don't believe the focus on fixed-sized buffers yields much practical value. Most of the processing queues that programmers will create in O2 will be potentially infinite (limited only by available memory) in size. However it is still worth being able to solve this problem and I will do so in a future post on the Bounded-Buffer Problem, which I regard as being different from the Producer-Consumer Problem.
The problem is to make sure that the producer won't try to add data into the buffer if it's full and that the consumer won't try to remove data from an empty buffer.
This version of the problem doesn't explicitly state what I think is most important, that items from the queue are processed in the order in which they are received. No one in a bank checkout line wants to see someone behind them get helped first. This is what distinguishes Producer-Consumer from the Dining Savages Problem. In that case all of the product is essentially equal and the consumers were fine to process the most recent value in the queue. In this case it is important that items are handled in the precise order in which they are received.
The Modified Producer-Consumer Problem
So here is the variation of the Producer-Consumer Problem I will solve in this post.
One or more producers writes items to a queue.
Multiple consumers consumers read from the queue processing items concurrently.
Each item must be consumed only once.
Items must be consumed in the same order in which they are written.
Introducing Dispatch
In the prior post I introduced O2′s read and write operator along with the concept of the blackboard. Today's problem will also use the blackboard to represent the queue and the write operator to write to it. But in order to read from the blackboard we are going to use a new operator called dispatch. If you recall, read requires the fiber to tell it which line on the blackboard you want to read from. dispatch is a special variation of read that determines the line number for you, ensuring that each line is only processed once. This is how you can solve the Producer-Consumer in a concise, elegant way.
The Modified Producer-Consumer Solution
{ producer: {
Let's begin by defining a new operator for the producer fiber.
=sleep randoml 1 0 1000l =cwrite "produced item " + string $R
Simulate producer taking some time to produce the next item. You read arguments to the randoml operator as “return 1 random long value between 0 and 1000l”. The numbers are from a uniform distribution.
id=tuple eval {="items" =$R}
The tuple operator allows to you construct a symbol from a block containing values of various types. In this case the resulting symbols will look like #items,0l #items,1l #items,2l. Remember the “l” suffix just indicates the number is a 64-bit (long) integer. And the reference $R refers to the right argument of the producer operator, which will be an incremental sequence number.
=$id write eval {value=randomd 1l}
Write to the blackboard under the symbol generated before ($id). Write to a random “value” column just because you cannot currently write nothing to the blackboard. This example will not use the value.
Continue producing items using the next sequence number. consumer: { Define the consumer operator. item=#items dispatch 1l This is where the dispatch operator comes into play. The right argument 1l tells dispatch that you want to receive a maximum of one item from the blackboard. The left argument #items tells dispatch that you want to receive any item whose symbol begins with #items. So this includes #items,0l #items,1l and so on. This feature applies to read as well. Like read, dispatch will suspend the fiber until there is at least one item available for reading. This way there will be no retrying or busy waiting. =cwrite "consumer " + (string $R) + " working on item " + string $item.S =sleep randoml 1 0 3000l Once an item is received via dispatch, simulate taking time to process the item. Once done, start over. The right argument to consumer is not used. O2, being a functional language, requires that you always pass some argument to an operator, even if it is not used. p=fiber { Launch a single producer fiber and three consumer fibers. Keep the main fiber suspended while waiting for the producer to exit. Here is the entire program without commentary: { producer: { =sleep randoml 1 0 1000l =cwrite "produced item " + string $R id=tuple eval {="items" =$R} =$id write eval {value=randomd 1l} Output of the Modified Producer-Consumer Solution Here is the output of the program processing the first twenty or so items. You can observe that while sometimes the consumers do not keep up with the producer, the items are always processed in order and each item is consumed only once. There is some possibility that if you ran this program long enough, the output would appear to be out of order because the cwrite operator and the dispatch operator are not bound into an atomic operation using take. But that is only an aesthetic concern. dispatch is guaranteed to return each item once and in the order it is received. Welcome to O2, ask brian if you need help O2>eval fload "../../src/producer.o2" {:2l :3l :4l} O2>produced item 0 consumer 0 working on item #items,0l produced item 1 consumer 1 working on item #items,1l produced item 2 consumer 2 working on item #items,2l produced item 3 produced item 4 consumer 1 working on item #items,3l produced item 5 consumer 0 working on item #items,4l produced item 6 consumer 2 working on item #items,5l produced item 7 produced item 8 consumer 0 working on item #items,6l produced item 9 consumer 1 working on item #items,7l consumer 1 working on item #items,8l consumer 0 working on item #items,9l produced item 10 produced item 11 consumer 2 working on item #items,10l consumer 0 working on item #items,11l produced item 12 produced item 13 produced item 14 consumer 0 working on item #items,12l consumer 1 working on item #items,13l produced item 15 produced item 16 consumer 2 working on item #items,14l consumer 1 working on item #items,15l consumer 0 working on item #items,16l produced item 17 consumer 0 working on item #items,17l produced item 18 consumer 0 working on item #items,18l produced item 19 consumer 1 working on item #items,19l produced item 20 consumer 2 working on item #items,20l Conclusion This post demonstrates how O2's blackboard, fibers and dispatch operator can be used together to implement a queue of items that may be processed by multiple concurrent consumers. This functionality could be used in a variety of applications including:
Control Systems for assembly lines, bank-checkout lines, robots or other physical systems with parallel processing capabilities.
Order Management and E-commerce applications that operate on a first-come-first-served basis.
Coordination of distributed parallel computing facilities.
Simulation and analysis of any of the above.
Stay tuned next week for another program in my series of O2 solutions to classic concurrency problems.
IN THE hours after the worst terrorist attack in Kuwaiti history, scores of citizens lined up to donate blood. Social media erupted with hashtags denouncing sectarian rifts, and Sunni and Shia held prayers side by side. A suicide-blast at the capital's Imam al-Sadeq mosque on June 26th, which killed 27 Shia worshippers, seemed unlikely to achieve what attackers claiming allegiance to Islamic State (IS) intended. “You have foiled the desperate attempt [to] stir sectarian tensions,” Sheikh Sabah al-Ahmad al-Sabah, the emir, told Kuwaitis a few days later.
Yet behind the calming talk, officials whisper their fears that tensions are on the rise. Hoping to stem the trend, Kuwait's security forces have cracked down. “We are in a state of war,” Muhammad al-Khaled al-Sabah, the interior minister, told parliament after the attacks. The increased vigilance may well be warranted, but a series of new laws and a string of arrests threaten to squeeze the space for all dissent in Kuwait—long the Gulf region's most open, semi-democratic state.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
In the immediate aftermath of the attack Kuwait's parliament passed a sweeping new counterterrorism law. It requires all citizens, residents and visitors to Kuwait to provide a DNA sample for a national database. The government has proposed extending the period that the police may detain suspects without charge. Days before the bombing the parliament gave its approval to a new cyber-security law that some say will make it easier for the government to silence critical media. “There is a threat from IS, it's not just the government being draconian,” says Madeleine Wells, a researcher on Kuwait at George Washington University. “But it also happens to coincide with policies that limit the potential for any opposition.”
Kuwait is an example of how sectarian splits in the region are infecting societies long thought immune. With its 25-30% Shia population, and a diverse mix of Sunni Islamists, tribalists, Salafists and liberals, Kuwait has a well-earned reputation for tolerance. Cross-sectarian coalitions are common in the country's boisterous parliament. Kuwaitis, especially younger ones, mix with little heed to creed.
Still, the social fabric had shown signs of fraying in the months before the attack. Although Kuwait's government has stayed on the sidelines in the region's myriad conflicts, its citizens haven't been so reserved. Throughout 2012 and 2013, a small group of Kuwaiti clerics and politicians served as a hub for private donations to devout Syrian Sunni rebel groups including an al-Qaeda affiliate, Jabhat al-Nusra. A minority of Kuwaiti Shia, meanwhile, raised the banner of Hizbullah, the Lebanese Shia militia, and vowed to assist the beleaguered Syrian president, Bashar Assad.
Twenty-nine people are now standing trial for the mosque bombing, accused of links to IS. The charge sheet describes how a network hosted, supplied and helped arm a Saudi suicide-bomber. The accused include Kuwaitis, Saudis, Pakistanis and stateless residents of Kuwait.
This is not the first time tensions have flared in Kuwait but the security response now may be the sternest yet. Kuwait is in a difficult neighbourhood and has long feared that regional giants could see it as a soft target in their proxy wars. It now risks following other Gulf states in sacrificing its nascent openness on the altar of security. As the terrorists doubtless wished.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Mr Putin (centre) met the Greek President Prokopis Pavlopouos (in striped tie) during his trip to Mount Athos
Russian President Vladimir Putin has visited the monasteries at Mount Athos, in northern Greece, one of Orthodox Christianity's holiest sites.
Mr Putin joined celebrations at the monastery of St Panteleimon to mark 1,000 years of monks at Mount Athos.
He was accompanied by Patriarch Kirill, head of the Russian Orthodox Church.
Mount Athos is an enclave of 20 monasteries. Women have been banned for over 1,000 years.
Greece and Russia are both largely Orthodox Christian countries and have close religious ties.
Why are women banned from Mount Athos?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mount Athos and other sacred sites where women are banned
Image copyright AP Image caption No women or female domestic animals are allowed on Mount Athos
The Russian leader travelled to the peninsula by boat, as there is no road access, and held talks with the Greek president.
As he was welcomed at the enclave's administrative centre, Karyes, Mr Putin said he was convinced that the Russian connection to Greece as well as to the holy Mount Athos "could only get stronger".
After attending a service in Karyes the Russian president travelled on to the monastery of St Panteleimon, unaccompanied by the media.
It was Mr Putin's second visit to the monastery; he travelled there in 2005 as the first Russian leader to visit the site.
Despite his background as a KGB officer in Communist times, when the Soviet state frowned on religion, he has embraced his Orthodox faith and is believed to have a good relationship with Patriarch Kirill.
Pope and Russian patriarch edge towards warmer relations
Russian Orthodox Patriarch Kirill walks with penguins
RCMP are continuing to investigate following the arrest of a 38-year-old man who was allegedly involved in a series of shootings that spanned an eight-hour period, starting in Northern B.C. and ending in the Lower Mainland on the weekend.
Related Driver arrested after Highway 97 shooting spree
The bizarre weekend shooting spree started with reports of shots being fired at a passenger vehicle and semi-tractor trailers on the highway near the communities of Houston, Burns Lake, Vanderhoof, Cluculz Lake, Prince George, Quesnel and 100 Mile House on March 24 at 8:30 p.m.
Global News has received reports that similar shootings may have happened in the Kitimat area as early as Friday afternoon. Police have not confirmed those reports.
Lomak Bulk Carriers confirmed to Global News that six trucks were hit by gunfire and that they were not the only company to be targeted.
The suspect vehicle believed to be involved in the shootings was described as a 2009, four-door, blue Dodge Caliber with an Ontario licence plate. Following the initial reports, police asked all B.C. officers to be on the lookout for the suspect vehicle.
WATCH: Weekend shooting spree
On Saturday afternoon, Chilliwack RCMP received a report of a man who had been shot in the area of Ford Mountain Forest Road.
Police later found out that the victim had fled from the suspect and got help from Canadian Forces personnel. According to the Canadian Forces Military Police Group (CFMPG), members of their regiment were doing weapons training at General Vokes Range, a facility about 10 kilometres from the location of the reported shooting incident.
“During the training, a vehicle arrived at the gate of the range and the civilian driver of the vehicle requested assistance, suffering from apparent gunshot wounds,” CFMPG public affairs officer Lt. Black Patterson said in a statement to Global News.
“Military Police personnel provided first aid to the wounded individual, called 911, secured the area, and established an area for a medical evacuation helicopter to land. When the RCMP arrived, the matter was turned over to the civilian authorities as the incident had not occurred on military property and did not involve members of the Canadian Armed Forces.”
According to police, the 39-year-old gunshot victim, who is a Chilliwack resident, has non-life-threatening injuries and is still in hospital.
Following the Chilliwack shooting, police deemed the suspect armed and dangerous and launched an extensive ground and air search of the area with the help of the Lower Mainland Emergency Response Team (ERT), the Integrated Police Dog Service, and Air Services.
After heading on foot on steep terrain up the Ford Mountain Forest Service Road, the K9 and ERT teams found the suspect at 5:10 p.m. on Saturday and took him into custody.
“This proved to be an extremely fluid and fast-evolving situation. Public safety was our priority. To ensure the safe apprehension of the suspect, we engaged all specialized resources available and ensured all police personnel had what they needed. We cannot underestimate the role the quick coordination of resources and timely sharing of information had on the resolution of this incident” C/Supt. Dave Attfield, acting Criminal Operations Officers said in a statement.
Investigators are looking into the suspect's activities prior to March 24 and the possible motivation for the shooting incidents.
The suspect's identity has not been released by police. He is currently facing one charge of unlawful possession of a firearm with additional charges being considered. His next court appearance is on March 29.
Police are still investigating and are asking anyone who may have been the victim of a suspicious incident allegedly involving the suspect or the suspect vehicle to contact local police.
~ with a file from Jon Azpiri
The October issue of Ichijinsha's Monthly Comic Rex magazine revealed on August 27 that Nobu Aonagi will launch a manga adaptation of Bandai Namco Entertainment's Tales of Berseria role-playing game. The manga will launch in the magazine this fall. Aonagi posted the announcement in his Twitter account.
Tales of Berseria is set in the continent of Glenwood, in the distant past of the Tales of Zestiria game. Central to the setting is the Sacred Kingdom of Midgand, which stretches across multiple large islands and smaller archipelagos. It is large enough to have climate variations ranging between its northern and southern regions, with the northern regions recently experiencing stronger snowstorms as the world grows colder. The Kingdom continues to develop its shipbuilding capability, but due to harsh weather, seaborne trade must still travel well-known paths, which are constantly beset by pirates.
Three years ago, a sickness known as Daemonblight befell the land. The sickness turns people into Daemons, and the world has fallen into an age of chaos. Even then, in a remote region of the Kingdom, the protagonist Velvet lived with her family in relative comfort. A night came when a red moon rose, and she was betrayed by Artorius, who was once her savior. She lost her family, while a mysterious power that consumed demons possessed her left arm. A measure of order returned to the world after Artorius founded the Abbey and the Exorcists. Artorius is hailed as the world's savior, but Velvet harbored only anger for him.
Bandai Namco Entertainment shipped the game for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3 in Japan on August 18, and the company will release the game for PlayStation 4 and PC in North America and Europe in early 2017.
Yaya Toure's time with Manchester City appears to be coming to an end after the player's representatives claimed the midfielder has received two incredibly lucrative offers from clubs in China.
The Ivorian midfielder, widely recognised as one of the club's greatest-ever players, fell out-of-favour under Manuel Pellegrini towards the end of this season and may leave the Etihad Stadium in a move that would see him earn a whopping £300,000-a-week, according to ​The Sun.
Toure has a year left on his contract, but is expected to depart this summer and the latest report suggests that Shanghai SIPG and Jiangsu Suning have shown their financial might, offering to increase his a £240,000-a-week wages at City.
The source is quoted in the Sun: “Yaya's had his people meeting with both Shanghai and Jiangsu and they have both made firm offers.
“Buying himself out of his contract at City would not be a problem because he would recoup it twice over from the signing on fee he would get for coming over here.”
SIPG are an up-and-coming Chinese financial powerhouse now managed by ex-England and City boss Sven-Goran Eriksson. The club have already made a dramatic signal of their intent in capturing former Sunderland striker Asamoah Gyan on a £227,000-a-week contract.
Toure is now 33 and thought to be past his best, meaning the club are keen to cash in on him while they can. Toure joined city from Barcelona for £25 in 2010 and was instrumental in helping them win two Premier League titles, an FA Cup and a League Cup.
Brazilian defender Gabriel has warned Bayern Munich that Arsenal has no intention of sitting back and chasing possession when they head to the Allianz Arena.
The Gunners kickstarted their Champions League campaign with a 2-0 win over the German giants in London a fortnight ago.
However, the statistics show Arsenal had only 31 percent of the ball as the Bundesliga side dictated much of the encounter, albeit failing to score from some 22 attempts.
Swansea City Arsenal Arsenal 0 3 FT Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
Bavaria remain top of Group F, but now is level with Olympiacos and have three more points than the Premier League side.
Centre-back Gabriel knows just what to expect from Pep Guardiola's well-drilled team, but stressed Arsenal will not be on the defensive in Bavaria.
"When we play away, we also have to have a slightly different outlook, but that doesn't mean we will spend the whole game defending," Gabriel said.
"We are a big team, we are Arsenal and we need to attack because we need the result, but we need to attack with intelligence and make sure we don't suffer a defeat and complicate our situation for the rest of our competition."
Gabriel sees no reason why Arsenal -- who are hit by injuries to Aaron Ramsey, Theo Walcott and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain -- should not travel to Germany with confidence, having drawn away to Bayern in the knockut stages last season and won there 2-0 in March 2013.
Gabriel became a fan favourite after clashing with Chelsea's Diego Costa.
"Everything is possible in football," he said.
"We know the difficulties we are going to find. Bayern is an excellent team playing at home with the fans on their side, so it will be a big challenge.
"If we are as determined as we have been over the last few years, I believe that we can go there and get a great result."
Gabriel has grown into his position at the heart of the Arsenal defence this season, standing in for either Laurent Koscielny or Per Mertesacker when required.
The 24-year-old has quickly become a firm favourite with the Gunners' faithful for his no-nonsense approach, not to mention the tussle with Chelsea striker Diego Costa at Stamford Bridge in September which saw Arsenal's Brazilian shown a red card.
"I think I am adapting more to English football every day," said Gabriel, who was signed from Villarreal in January 2015 in deal worth around £13.5 million.
"My style of game is similar to the English style anyway, so I am very well adapted.
"I am growing in every game and getting more experience. I am helping my team and I am at the disposal of my manager.
"If he chooses me, I will try to do my best to be able to help my teammates get the result we need."
The GOP tax bill could trigger automatic cuts worth $136 billion from mandatory spending in 2018, including $25 billion in Medicare cuts, if Congress doesn't find another way to offset its deficit increases, according to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO).
The tax bill would add an estimated $1.5 trillion to the deficit over a decade. Congressional “pay-as-you-go” rules, called pay-go, require that the White House Office of Management and Budget (OMB) automatically cut mandatory spending if legislation increases the deficit beyond a certain point.
“Without enacting subsequent legislation to either offset that deficit increase, waive the recordation of the bill's impact on the scorecard, or otherwise mitigate or eliminate the requirements of the [pay-go] law, OMB would be required to issue a sequestration order within 15 days of the end of the session of Congress to reduce spending in fiscal year 2018 by the resultant total of $136 billion,” CBO wrote on Tuesday .
Medicare can only be cut by a maximum of 4 percent through the pay-go rules, however, which amounts to $25 billion in cuts.
Republicans are moving swiftly to pass a tax bill before the end of the year, with a House vote as soon as this week.
Democrats argue that the deficits produced by the bill will lead to cuts to popular programs like Medicare and Social Security.
The law also specifies restrictions for other mandatory spending accounts, such as Social Security and means-tested entitlements, which limits how much OMB can pull back spending.
Of the remaining $111 billion, CBO estimated that the OMB would only be able to cut $85 billion to 90 billion.
But that also means that the nonexempted accounts would be virtually wiped out.
Those include agricultural subsidies, some health funds linked to the Affordable Care Act, Customs and Border Patrol operations and funds in the Student Loan Administration, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a budgetary watchdog group.
Two old foes are set to meet at Metamoris later this year.
Chael Sonnen will meet Renato "Babalu" Sobral on May 9 at Metamoris VI, according to Sonnen. Metamoris founder Ralek Gracie confirmed the news, as well. Gracie said the event would take place in Los Angeles, but he would not confirm the location just yet. Gracie added that Sonnen vs. Sobral will not serve as the main event, which will be announced in the coming days.
Metamoris is a grappling promotion that features 20-minute, submission-only matches. There are no points given so a winner is only declared if there is a submission.
Sonnen made his promotional debut in August when he was submitted by Andre Galvao at Metamoris IV. Sobral competed at Metamoris III last March, fighting to a draw against former UFC veteran Dean Lister.
Sobral spoke about his desire to compete against Sonnen on Friday with MMA Prime.
"Babalu" spoiled Sonnen's UFC debut in 2005, when he submitted "The American Gangster" via second-round arm-triangle choke at UFC 55. The pair first met at an event called Hitman 3 in 2003, where Sonnen defeated the Brazilian via decision.
Eight Syrians are injured, all of them either seriously and critically. Two of them are children; one seven years old, the other 11. They were evacuated by the IDF to Israel last week, and have been sent to various hospitals in the north for treatment.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The wounded arrived at the border fence after heavy artillery fire allegedly coming from the Assad regime. hit the medical center in the town of Qunietra, right across the border from Israel.
The wounded were sent from ruined the medical center to the border fence, and the IDF medical corps declared their arrival on the other side of the border to be a medical emergency with multiple casualties.
The injured persons were bleeding heavily and were injured in all different parts of their bodies. They had everything from head injuries to shrapnel injuries to even bullet wounds. Dozens of IDF paramedics and doctors worked under cover of darkness to treat them.
IDF troops save Syrians at the border (קרדיט: דובר צה"ל)
X
"We were forced to call in medical teams from the armored corps who happened to be doing drills that day in the Golan to supplement the medical forces of the brigade which is normally responsible for the area, alongside various reserve forces," explained Micky Almakis from the divisional medical squad.
"Seven medical teams, including high ranking medical personnel were called to the area. The two children had burns all over their bodies and were in real danger of losing their lives. They were groaning from the pain they were in. Now, they're recovering and being taken care of by the best people. Their grandmother came to accompany them, and thanked us for treating them. The wounded Syrians were surprised at the care and compassion we gave to them when they crossed the border over to us," Almakis said.
Wounded Syrians being evacuated from the border to Israeli hospitals (Photo: IDF Spokesperson's Unit)
Almakis and his team were also forced to perform emergency medical procedures when the Syrians crossed over into Israel, such as opening up airways and draining fluids from their chests.
Michel Pushkov, an army paramedic who treated the two children, added that "we brought a lot of medical equipment with us because we knew that it was a huge event. The kids looked terrible. We gave them medicine, and despite the fact that they were terrified, they answered our questions. The moment they understood that I was there to help them, they looked a lot happier. They were administered fluids and sterile blankets to prevent against infection and hypothermia."
The fighting in the area is occurring due to the Assad regime's desire to regain control over the border area with Israel, an area which has been under rebel and Islamist extremist control since last year.
Mental Hardship
Recent reports have exposed the hardships the paramedics in the Golan are subject to after seeing and treating wounded from the Syrian civil war on a near daily basis.
Wounded Syrians being evacuated to Israel (Photo: IDF Spokesperson's Unit)
According to Pushkov, "we have a permanent IDF psychologist on hand, and as medical personnel, we are able to say and express everything on our minds quickly. We also share our feelings with each other. The system is very supportive."
The IDF decided to close down its field hospital on the Syrian border in the northern Golan Heights. The military decided that it would instead do emergency treatments in military ambulances while they are on their way to a hospital in the Galilee. The IDF Northern Command said that the closing of the field hospital was done to increase efficiency, and that the field hospital can be re-opened at any time.
Villains – we all love to hate them. Without wicked characters, most books would be extremely dull. This list looks at ten of the most vile of the vile villains to grace the pages of literary works.
10 The Wicked Witch of the West from Baum's “The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.”
She covets. That is her nature. She wants Dorothy's silver slippers. The Wizard himself believes that the Witch's magic is more powerful and could kill him in an instant if he goes near her.
The Wizard finally offers Dorothy a trip home if she will kill the Witch. That's how loathsome she is to the embodiment of good in Oz. The Witch actively tries to kill Dorothy and company several times, with wolves, bees, the winged monkeys, crows. She captures the Cowardly Lion and tries to starve him to death. She tries to burn the Scarecrow to death. All to force Dorothy to give up the slippers. She steals one of Dorothy's slippers, by tripping her over an invisible bar. Dorothy finally has enough and throws a bucket of water on her. Why does it kill her? Because water is pure. The Witch is thorough corruption in all respects, and thus the embodiment of impurity.
9 Pap Finns from Twain's “The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.”
No wonder Huck Finn doesn't really care for religion. Why should he honor his father, if his father is a drunken child beater? When he first appears, he is pasty white, sweaty, filthy, stinks, and repeatedly threatens to beat Huck to death if he doesn't stop trying to be civil for Miss Watson.
He is probably the only character in the story that Huck really hates, but Huck is also scared to death of him, and reluctantly obeys him as much as he has to. Pap kidnaps Huck and forces him to live with him, tries to sue the local judge for the money Huck found at the end of “Tom Sawyer,” on the pretense that Huck is Pap's property, because Pap made him, and thus the money belongs to Pap, and was never Huck's to give away.
Huck finally just escapes from him out of terror and loathing. Jim finds Pap dead later, and doesn't tell Huck until the end. No one sheds a tear.
8 Count Dracula from Stoker's “Dracula.”
Forget all that sexual stuff you see in the movies. Dracula vants one thing: blood. He requires the blood of humans to survive, and has no qualms at all about killing everyone in the whole vorld, vone neck bite at a time, to keep his thirst quenched.
The interesting about Dacula is that he kills vone person at a time, and yet manages to vipe out the entire crew of a Russian cargo ship bound to England. He does this in the form of a volf, because as a volf, he is supremely savage, ripping people to pieces and lapping their blood off the ground.
His motive for traveling to England is simply that he currently lives in a remote area of Transylvania, and there aren't a lot of people to suck dry. England has “teeming millions,” as he puts it.
The main characters of the book start to get in his way, and he immediately starts viping them out, vone by vone, turning Lucy Vestenra into a vampiress, scaring her mother to death. Van Helsing starts plotting against him, and he retaliates by going after Mina Harker, the most dear to everyone of his rivals.
He is vicked, cruel and heartless right to the end, ven they cut his head off and stab him through the heart.
7 Sauron from Tolkien's “The Lord of the Rings.”
All he wants is the whole world of Middle-earth brought under his control. Power, power, power. That is his motive. He also has a generous capacity for revenge against the Valar and elves, for defeating him at the end of the 2nd Age, before the story begins.
He has no one to answer to, as the most powerful entity in Middle-earth, and as a result, commits atrocities rampantly across the whole land. He sends his armies into Gondor, Rohan and the Shire, without provocation, for the sole purpose of finding his Ring of Power, and killing everyone in the way.
He is finally undone, destroyed into permanent spirit form, by one of the smallest creatures of Middle-earth, but according to the lore of the story, he is not dead. He has merely been dealt so severe a blow that he will never rise again (we hope).
6 Aaron the Moor from Shakespeare's “Titus Andronicus.”
His final words are, “If one good deed in all my life I did, / I do repent it from my very Soule.”
That's the vilest “screw you” in literary history. He is the main instigator of the carnage throughout the play, and yet his only motive is that he enjoys what he's doing. He loves to hurt people. He wants people to hate him. It is ecstasy to him. He proclaims in his big speech, while standing with his head in a noose, that his only regret is that he was not 10,000 times worse before he was caught.
He convinces Demetrius and Chiron, the sons of the Queen, Tamora, to kill Lavinia's betrothed, Bassianus, in front of her, just to make her grieve. They do this, then rape her and cut her tongue out and hands off, so she can't tell. Aaron eats it all up. It's delicious fun to him.
Then he frames Titus's sons for Bassianus's murder, and lies to Titus, that if one of his family will cut of his hand and send it to the emperor, the emperor will spare his two sons. Titus complies, cutting off his hand, which is returned from the emperor, along with Titus's sons' heads anyway. Aaron knew it would happen, and loves every minute of it.
He's finally caught and forced to die by starvation and dehydration. He refuses to show remorse.
5 Bill Sikes from Dickens's “Oliver Twist.”
Dickens describes him thus, early in the novel: “a stoutly-built fellow of about five-and-thirty, in a black velveteen coat, very soiled drab breeches, lace-up half boots, and grey cotton stockings which inclosed a bulky pair of legs, with large swelling calves;–the kind of legs, which in such costume, always look in an unfinished and incomplete state without a set of fetters to garnish them. He had a brown hat on his head, and a dirty belcher handkerchief round his neck: with the long frayed ends of which he smeared the beer from his face as he spoke. He disclosed, when he had done so, a broad heavy countenance with a beard of three weeks' growth, and two scowling eyes; one of which displayed various parti-colored symptoms of having been recently damaged by a blow.”
Oliver Reed played him to terrifying perfection in the musical version, “Oliver!” He is Fagin's finest protege, from years back, and now, he is well trained to steal and burglarize, but he is depicted as being just as likely to kill a man when no one is looking, rather than try to pick his pocket without being noticed.
He has absolutely no moral scruples of any kind. He is only out to make a buck for himself. Nancy, the poor whore he sleeps with, thinks he loves her, and because she used to be a pickpocket also, trained by Fagin, she feels unstable. Sikes seems to offer her stability. Until he beats her to death for trying to stop him from beating Oliver to death.
He regularly beats his dog, Bull's Eye, until the poor dog needs stitches. It's so patently terrified of him that it follows him around, afraid to run. Sikes is finally undone by the London mob, which hounds him through the streets until he accidentally hangs himself.
4 Satan from Milton's “Paradise Lost.”
His motive for attempting to overthrow God is that he believes himself to be more beautiful, more powerful, and thus rightfully deserving of the Throne of Heaven.
So he and his minions, whom he has corrupted from God, wage war against God and his minions. Not smart. They lose, although they make a better fight, 3 days' worth, than expected, because they can't be killed if they're already in Heaven.
Then they're thrown into Hell, where Satan immediately decides on revenge. But not open war. That failed once. No sense in trying again. If he can't beat God, he'll ruin all of God's work. It's all Satan has left as a weapon. It makes him repugnantly underhanded, no longer willing to stand and fight like a man.
He stabs God in the back, as it were, by corrupting his greatest creation, humans, and introducing sin into the mortal universe. It will require the death of God's own Son as recompense. Satan's story is easily the most vengeful ever told.
3 Police Inspector Javert from Hugo's “Les Miserables.”
Jean ValJean is released from prison after nineteen years, all for stealing a loaf of read for his starving family. That was a five year sentence. The rest was aded on for escape attempts.
Once out, he finds it difficult to function as a citizen, and steals out of habit. But a Bishop pities him and covers for him so he doesn't go back to prison. Valjean then turns over a new leaf and six years later, has become mayor of Montreuil-sur-Mer.
Enter Javert. He is Montreuil's chief police inspector and used to work at the prison where Valjean was incarcerated. He suspects the Mayor to be Valjean when Valjean lifts a horsecart off a helpless man. Only Valjean could be so strong, Javert remembers.
What follows is almost a thousand pages of abject misery for Valjean, as Javert hounds him all over France. His motive? The law must be upheld. Valjean had stolen a child's silver coin out of habit as soon as he was released. He then tried to give it back but couldn't find the child.
Over and over, Javert witnesses the magnanimous good deeds Valjean commits, and refuses to give up the chase. Valjean finally gets the drop on him, but refuses to kill him, even though Javert's pursuit is the primary reason for several of Valjean's family members' deaths.
He releases Javert, who cannot reconcile this mercy with his conscience, and drowns himself in the Seine, rather than live in a world where there is good.
2 Grendel from “Beowulf.”
Grendel is the classic monster in all literature. Except for his lineage, directly back to Cain of the Bible, he has no motive for killing and devouring as many of the innocent townsfolk of the meadhall, Heorot, as he can.
Whether he enjoys it or not is not said, but he is sure to enjoy the meal of thirty people at once. Beowulf arrives and rips his arm off. Grendel flees rather than keep fighting like a man. Beowulf finds him in his mother's cave, like a spoiled bully finally beaten. he is cowering in a corner, and Beowulf beheads him. Good riddance.
1 Iago from Shakespeare's “Othello.”
He is the pettiest, the most underhanded, the embodiment of the prime, immortal blemish of mankind: envy. He has been said to have no motive for destroying the life of every major character in the play, other than revenge, at first, for Othello's passing over him for the post of Lieutenant.
Othello chooses Cassio for Lieutenant, while Iago believes he is better for the promotion from Ensign. He then sets about ruining both Othello and Cassio's lives with a web of lies. He cannot fight Cassio or Othello face-to-face, because he is afraid they will kill him.
So he corrupts Roderigo, a local moron, who is in love with Desdemona, Othello's wife. Thus, Roderigo does all of Iago's dirty work for him, causing Othello to go mad with jealousy over his wife's apparent affair with Cassio.
By the time it's over, Roderigo has gotten in a fight with Cassio, and they wound each other. Then in the confusion, Iago stabs Roderigo in the back to silence him. Othello kills Desdemona, whose best friend, Emilia, rats on her own husband, Iago, who immediately kills her to save himself.
How do you kill a fiend so vile? It is left somewhat ambiguous at the end, with Lodovico promising to torture Iago. Whether he will be killed is not stated.
Follow us on Facebook or subscribe to our daily or weekly newsletter so you don't miss out on our latest lists.
Quote Warrgames Quote: Originally Posted by I'll save everyone some time. Here is the Livestream Warp Up
>Rocky start but issue with Ch 16 solved fast. See all that extra time we took releasing for the best...
>Everyone so happy with Ch 16. Just look at all these positive things people are saying.
>Lots of great things coming but can't say what they are right now.
>Just wait for more of the same amazing stuff in next expansion.
>Everything is rainbows and Unicorn farts here in SWTOR.
>If you have any question be sure to ask them in the Warp thread. We won't bother answering them though.
Short of people getting the HK chapter it could be a long while before there is any content so I hope something is announced to keep people playing. I was surprised to find at the end of Chapter 16 nothing to do, yet the loading text makes mention of building your alliance, but most people did this after chapter 9. This is probably spot on.Short of people getting the HK chapter it could be a long while before there is any content so I hope something is announced to keep people playing. I was surprised to find at the end of Chapter 16 nothing to do, yet the loading text makes mention of building your alliance, but most people did this after chapter 9.
With Phish's tour just a week away, a new and exciting partner has signed on to help promote democracy along the way: Ben & Jerry's. The ice cream company shares a home state with the jam band, and even named one of their delicious flavors, Phish Food, after them. By teaming up with the non-profit group HeadCount, Ben & Jerry's will be giving out free ice cream at every show and helping get people to register to vote.
Dubbed the “Democracy In Your Hands” initiative, Ben & Jerry's will be serving up three flavors, including Phish Food, Non-Dairy PB & Cookies, and their newest creation: Empower Mint. While they won't be at every show, HeadCount will, so be sure to take the time at register to vote!
Check out the band's full schedule below. Any show with a (*) means that only HeadCount will be on site, but there will be Ben & Jerry's coupons at those shows! Still, fans can expect some delicious ice cream at SPAC, Xfinity Center, Xfinity Theatre, and so many more…
Phish Tour Dates
June 22, Xcel Energy Center, St. Paul, MN*
June 24, Wrigley Field, Chicago, IL*
June 25, Wrigley Field, Chicago, IL*
June 26, Klipsch Music Center, Noblesville, IN*
June 28, The Mann Center for the Performing Arts, Philadelphia, PA*
June 29, The Mann Center for the Performing Arts, Philadelphia, PA*
July 1, Saratoga Performing Arts Center, Saratoga Springs, NY
July 2, Saratoga Performing Arts Center, Saratoga Springs, NY
July 3, Saratoga Performing Arts Center, Saratoga Springs, NY
July 6, Cross Insurance Arena, Portland, ME*
July 8, Xfinity Center, Mansfield, MA
July 9, Xfinity Theatre, Hartford, CT
July 10, Lakeview Amphitheater, Syracuse, NY*
July 15, Gorge Amphitheatre, George, WA
July 16, Gorge Amphitheatre, George, WA
July 18, Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, San Francisco, CA
July 19, Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, San Francisco, CA
July 20, Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, San Francisco, CA
July 22, The Forum, Inglewood, CA
July 23, Sleep Train Amphitheatre, Chula Vista, CA*
August 26, Oak Ridge Farm, Arrington, VA
August 28, Oak Ridge Farm, Arrington, VA
September 2, Dick's Sporting Goods Park, Commerce City, CO*
September 3, Dick's Sporting Goods Park, Commerce City, CO*
September 4, Dick's Sporting Goods Park, Commerce City, CO*
[H/T Ben & Jerry's]
All you need to know about Elasticsearch 5.0: Index management
We see two main usage patterns with Elasticsearch indexes - monolith indexes and rolling indexes. Over the years Elasticsearch added features that greatly improve the experience of working in these patterns. Elasticsearch 5 introduces several new features that build on that further, and result in a very good index management story.
In this blog post we will discuss those two patterns, and show how new Elasticsearch 5 features - namely the Shrink and Rollover APIs - can greatly help effectively maintaining your production indexes.
Be sure to check the previous article in the series, All you need to know about Elasticsearch 5.0: Search, if you haven't already. In future blog posts in the series we will discuss more topics like data ingestion strategies and more.
A monolith index
One pattern that is mostly common when Elasticsearch is used for search is indexing into a monolith index. Usually this is a copy of data that resides elsewhere and is indexed to Elasticsearch for search and performing aggregation operations. This index is then scaled out to multiple nodes in the cluster via sharding and replication to accommodate search requests at scale.
The intent would usually be to optimize for search speeds on this index, and indexing into it will usually be occasional. There is one exception though - the monolith index will usually be recreated or bulk-updated periodically to keep it up to date with the source of truth, or when mapping changes are necessary. Once such indexing operation is required, you might want to scale out indexing to get it done faster, and have more nodes participate in the indexing process - sometimes more nodes than you usually have available for search.
Sharding helps in mitigating indexing and search speed issues. Sharding is what we call breaking one index into many smaller pieces under the hood, which are managed by Elasticsearch as one big index. Since each node can process up to a certain number of write requests per second, sharding the index can allow multiple nodes to participate in mass-indexing, assuming a balanced sharding function (which is the default). All this, while maintaining decent-size shards that are not too big or too small is important to optimize for search performance (I usually recommend a 1-million document shard and a maximum 5-10GB size on disk).
There is one gotcha though - the number of shards can't be changed after index creation. Until now.
The new Index Shrink feature allows to "shrink" an index with X shards, to an index with fewer shards. The requested number of primary shards must be a factor of the number of shards in the original index. For example an index with 8 primary shards can be shrunk into 4, 2 or 1 primary shards or an index with 15 primary shards can be shrunk into 5, 3 or 1.
While this is not "resharding" per se, it is a great feature that addresses a real need. Now you can create an index with many shards to support intensive data ingestion, and then shrink it down to lesser shards to save on resources and optimize for search speeds. Shrinking an index doesn't do reindexing, it only relinks underlying index segments, and as such it is an efficient operation. It does, however, require the index to be read-only before shrinking - and mostly monolith indexes could indeed allow for that.
On that note, it's worth mentioning the relatively new Reindex API is highly useful in this usage pattern - whenever the reindexing operation is not due to data change, but an index mapping change, you can leverage Elasticsearch to issue a reindexing from the old index into a new one with the new mapping defined. There is no need for sophisticated parallel ETL processes in this case, since the old index already contains all the data needed.
Rolling indexes
An even more common pattern nowadays is the "rolling indexes" case. Usually time-series data that is indexed in time-based indexes, e.g. daily indexes with names like logstash-2016.11.16 - and you will mostly see this pattern with logs, which is the main usage for the ELK stack today. In this pattern new indexes are being created continuously and after certain period of time they are not being written to anymore. Usually those indexes are removed from the cluster after a while, copied to a backup location and then deleted or just deleted if the data is not important enough to keep forever.
The time-series data case often times involves high ingestion rates 24/7 - think logs of an active system, or "IoT" cases. This means you want to optimize for writes to the active index at any given time, which in turn means as many shards as your nodes can support. Over-sharding will help you ingest more data in real-time and avoid Elasticsearch from pushing back or lagging behind on indexing due to overwhelming amount of indexing requests.
But this approach has several issues:
Past indexes that are not written to anymore but are searched on will be over-sharded, and that means degraded search performance for search as the less number of shards the better, and since the shard sizes will most likely be smaller than the optimal size for efficient search. Not all indexes are created equal. While Elasticsearch treats them all the same, the world might not. During normal operations, some days could busier than others and produce twice the amount of events, while there could be weeks of downtime that would result in practically empty indexes. Granted, overtime the number of documents you ingest in any given day will grow, which will effectively result in bloated indexes and shards - again damaging search performance. Changing the indexes naming from daily to hourly is currently a rigorous process that requires too many changes in too many places.
As you've guessed, #1 is easily fixed with the Shrink API. As we have just seen, once an index is stopped being written to you can shrink it to have lesser number of shards and thus optimize it for search and aggregations. Furthermore, because in the rolling indexes use-case this index will never be written to again, you can force-merge it (but make sure you don't end up with shards too big!), compress and then mark it as read-only. This will ensure highly effective searches on those indexes.
The Index Rollover API addresses the rest. It's a neat new feature that leverages aliases to pose quotas to indexes based on the number of documents in them, or based on time from the first indexed document. An alias to an index can be set such as once a quota has been reached on the index the alias will switch to indexing to a new index while still enabling search on this index and all previous ones. This goes a long way in allowing to balance index sizes also in the rolling indexes use case.
A nice and useful tool for managing indexes, especially in the rolling indexes scenario, has long been Curator. Using Curator in conjunction with index templates the Rollup API can now give you a very good index management experience also for rolling indexes.
You can learn more about this new API in an official blog post here. The Shrink and rollover APIs now allow using multiple shards to make the most of your hardware resources during indexing, then shrinking indices down to a single shard (or a few shards) for efficient storage and search.
The problem with speaking truth to power is power doesn't like it. Glenn Greenwald is no stranger to such a notion as he already was the planned target of HB Gary and friends for his support of Wikileaks and civil liberties. Now he is being targeted by a force even more loathsome than corporate black ops wannabes, the tabloid press. From Greenwald:
When I made the choice to report aggressively on top-secret NSA programs, I knew that I would inevitably be the target of all sorts of personal attacks and smears. You don't challenge the most powerful state on earth and expect to do so without being attacked. As a superb Guardian editorial noted today: “Those who leak official information will often be denounced, prosecuted or smeared. The more serious the leak, the fiercer the pursuit and the greater the punishment.”… As a result, I was not particularly surprised when I received an email last night from a reporter at the New York Daily News informing me that he had been “reviewing some old lawsuits” in which I was involved – “old” as in: more than a decade ago – and that “the paper wants to do a story on this for tomorrow”. He asked that I call him right away to discuss this, apologizing for the very small window he gave me to comment.
The NYDN piece is, of course, tabloid garbage. The story, written by Dareh Gregorian, takes benign facts and attempts to twist them into appearing nefarious in a way that could only fool someone with diminished capacities. The point of the piece, obviously, is to discredit Greenwald.
I'm 46 years old and, like most people, have lived a complicated and varied adult life. I didn't manage my life from the age of 18 onward with the intention of being a Family Values US senator. My personal life, like pretty much everyone's, is complex and sometimes messy. If journalists really believe that, in response to the reporting I'm doing, these distractions about my past and personal life are a productive way to spend their time, then so be it.
It is interesting that anchorman David Gregory wanted to make the question of whether Greenwald was a journalist “part of the debate.” Is Gregorian a journalist? Is this NYDN hit piece “journalism”? Or do credentials only get questioned when power gets questioned?
Photo by R. Baley under Creative Commons license.
In February 2015, the FBI embarked on the largest known law enforcement hacking operation to date, targeting over 8,000 computers in 120 countries. Lawyers in the US have challenged the legality of the underlying warrant, arguing that the judge had no authority to greenlight searches outside of her district.
Now, activist and legal group Privacy International has filed a brief in a related case, pushing back against the global nature of the FBI's operation. As Privacy International notes, 83 percent of the computer infections were outside of the United States.
"Well-established international law prohibits the government from undertaking law enforcement functions in other countries, without those countries' consent, which the government did not seek here," the amicus brief signed by Privacy International's General Counsel Caroline Wilson Palow reads.
Specifically this case concerns the FBI's investigation into a dark web child pornography site called Playpen. When the FBI seized the site in 2015, instead of shutting it down the agency kept Playpen running for 13 days. During this time, the FBI deployed a network investigative technique (NIT)—a piece of malware—in an attempt to identify visitors to the site. This NIT relied on a "non-public" vulnerability for the Tor Browser, and grabbed a target's IP address, MAC address, and other basic system information.
The FBI ended up hacking over 8,000 computers across the world, including over 1,000 in the US. Although much attention has been paid to affected cases in the US, there has been relatively little focus on the international legal ramifications. (Motherboard reported the FBI hacked computers in Australia, Austria, Chile, Colombia, Denmark, Greece, and likely the UK, Turkey and Norway too.)
In its brief, Privacy International argues that much of the same concerns around affected cases in the US extends to those outside of the country—that at the time of the Playpen operation, Rule 41, which governs when judges can authorize searches, did not allow for searches outside of the judge's own district.
The group adds that this sort of international hacking operations, in which computers are targeted without the host country's permission, pose foreign relation risks. Such a move could lead to diplomatic conflict, or the possibility of breaking local laws. The brief points to a 2002 case, in which Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) filed criminal charges against an FBI agent for remotely accessing and copying data from a Russian server. (Ahmed Ghappour, visiting assistant professor at UC Hastings College of Law, has made related arguments in a recent paper).
"How will other countries react to the FBI hacking in their jurisdictions without prior consent? Would the U.S. welcome hacking operations on a similar scale carried out on U.S. residents by other countries? Is the FBI violating the laws of foreign jurisdictions by hacking devices located in them?" Scarlet Kim, legal officer at Privacy International wrote in a statement.
However, things have shifted since the Playpen investigation. In December 2016, changes around remote searches came into effect. Today, US magistrate judges can sign global hacking warrants.
I hadn't spoken to my father for a year when I came out to him on Christmas night in the early '90s. After a reunion that consisted of catching up over opening presents, green bean casserole, and red wine, he hugged me goodbye on his front stoop and said, “Don't be a stranger.” I turned toward my car, shivering in the Connecticut winter, looked back, and said, “I have something to tell you.” He gazed at me in a manner that told me that my secret was out and said, “I know. I love you, kid.” And that was it. I had come out to my dad.
On Father's Day in 2003, sitting beside my then-girlfriend in her Toyota Camry, feeling anxious and horrible for having allowed another year to pass without speaking to him, I dialed my father's number. We made some small talk, I wished him a happy Father's Day, and he told me he couldn't eat, that he couldn't swallow any food, and that he had made a doctor's appointment. A month later, my stepmother called, sobbing. My father had been diagnosed with stage 3 esophageal cancer. That call in June would become the last Father's Day call I ever made to him.
My early adult life was peppered with years during which my father and I didn't speak, and for no other reason than what appeared to be some sort of apathy on his part and a stubborn refusal to bend to what I perceived were gender stereotypes on my end that had us radio silent for 12 months or more. Calls and mea culpas were typically spurred by the holidays and my overwhelming remorse for allowing another year to pass between us. I remember the handful of times when I picked up the phone receiver that was mounted to the wall in my apartment to discover that my father had actually dialed my number — that he wasn't waiting for me to make the first move. Those rare occasions typically involved him having to inform me of the death of my grandparents, or of an aunt we lost too young.
Once, after he'd had a mild heart attack in his mid-50s, he called me just to see how I was, and while that was probably 22 years ago now, I remember I was in the kitchen of my one-bedroom apartment in Hartford's West End, and I was surprised, happy, and a little bit worried that he called. I thought he must have been feeling mortal, and that frightened me. Whenever my father and I did join together for a holiday or just a visit, we spoke endlessly about music, movies, and books, and laughed raucously together over what may have caught our attention on television. And we often shared in-jokes about the people around us.
For a sailor who served during the height of the Vietnam war, my dad, Alan (Gilly to his friends), would eventually share some of the most heartfelt protest music of the time with me. The Joan Baez and Peter, Paul & Mary albums on vinyl that he gave to me when I was just 7 years old remain among my most prized possessions. I'm fairly certain I was the only preteen who trudged the streets of my hometown of Plainville, Conn., carrying a boombox and singing along to Joan Baez in Concert, Part 2 in full voice without a hint of irony.
It's now 13 years after I watched my father take his last breath in a hospital room, and now I've been the feminism editor for The Advocate for five months, writing daily with outrage about the indignities the Trump administration has rained down upon women since taking office. I look back to my youth and to my implacability to accept my father's reluctance to call as part of who he was. For his part, I don't know if it was the expectation as the parent that his child should be the one to reach out, or if there were some unwritten rule of masculinity that dictated that the man never calls. That's what my stepmother, a woman from a fairly traditional Italian family with whom I got along very well, told me once, anyway.
“He's a man. They're not supposed to be the ones who call,” I remember her telling me. And yet my mother and stepfather, who married about seven years after my parents got divorced when I was 11, never missed the opportunity to watch me march in the band or sing “Day by Day” in our high school production of Godspell. Shortly after high school, my stepfather's job took them from Connecticut to Vermont to San Francisco to New Jersey, and yet, if they were within a day's drive of the restaurant where I worked, they would travel for hours, cooler packed in the backseat, just to sit at my table, where I would attempt to make conversation with them while meeting the needs of the customers at my four or five other tables.
I was in my early 20s and coming out as a lesbian and a nascent feminist when my stepmother suggested that men don't do the calling. I think I even retorted, “Then thank God I'm gay,” a phrase I often invoked when perceived gendered behavior reared its head. Part of my confusion with her answer stemmed from the guy I thought my dad was, the man who often told me the story about how one year at the Newport Folk Festival, he had begun to leave when he heard a clarion call of a soprano voice come out over the final number — that it was Baez and that her voice kept him from leaving. He was the guy who introduced me to Dolly Parton's music, who took me to see Lily Tomlin in The Incredible Shrinking Woman on one of our Sundays together after the divorce, and we guffawed loudly — father and daughter laughing from deep in our guts. And he was the man who from his hospital bed, the one from which he would die just six months after being diagnosed with cancer, who told me his favorite movie was Pleasantville, the gentle, affecting film where emotion literally flowed from black and white to color.
That night in 2003 when my father told me he couldn't eat, I had adamantly avoided calling him for about 14 months. I was in my early 30s and I'd gone back to school full-time to earn my bachelor's degree. I'd been given a once-in-a-lifetime ride to Mount Holyoke College, and for several semesters I studied, wrote papers, and waited tables. It was the Easter a year and a few months before that Father's Day and I'd just finished a 10-hour holiday brunch shift. I called my dad between cashing out from work and heading home to write a paper for a world cinema class. Out of character for him, he seemed irritated that I wouldn't be able to make it to their family meal, but school was my priority, and as if it were some sort of quid pro quo, I became irritated that he barely asked me how school was going. I dug my heels in deep and held out on calling him for a long time. I muscled my way through English and film theory classes and allowed my birthday, Thanksgiving, Christmas, his birthday, and Easter to pass before we talked on the fated Father's Day.
My dad was in and out of the hospital with great regularity from his diagnosis in July and his death on February 1, just two days into my final semester of college. If there were any lingering questions at the time about whether or not he loved me, or cared, or even noticed what was happening in my life, we sorted them out through our hospital room conversations about pop culture. Once, from his bed, tubes in his arms, stoic and strong, he said, “You know what they say is the greatest movie of all time?” And I thought it was sweet that he was reaching out to me in the language that I love — film. I asked him what he thought it was, imagining he would follow what was at the time the American Film Institute's top film and name Citizen Kane, but he surprised me. He said, “Battleship Potemkin,” Sergei Eisenstein's 1925 silent film about the Russian Revolution renowned for its Odessa Steps sequence. I smiled, impressed because my father had been paying attention to what I'd been studying at school all along.
Five years after I said goodbye to my father, Mary Travers of Peter, Paul & Mary died, and I was besotted. I cried for hours while listening to “Early Morning Rain” on repeat on YouTube. It seems unreal to me now that for years I obdurately protested my father's reluctance to pick up the phone, couching his inaction in what I perceived was a slight against my gender, yet the symbol that cut me to the core five years after his death was the loss of a female icon famed as much for her role as a peaceful activist as for her stately beauty and inimitable alto. When I'm at my job writing about the executive orders DonaldTrump has churned out that assail women's reproductive rights and that have rescinded protections for women in the workplace, I think about my father, and I think that I fought the wrong battle against a guy who loved three-part harmonies and a movie — Pleasantville — in which the world is colored by the ability to feel.
TRACY GILCHRIST is the feminism editor for The Advocate. Follow her on Twitter @TracyEGilchrist.
Sept. 3, 2015 By Jackie Strawbridge
Speed bumps and signage will pop up on several Astoria blocks over the next couple of weeks as the Department of Transportation installs a new slow zone.
This slow zone stretches from 30th Avenue to Astoria Boulevard, and 21st Street to Steinway Street. It is one of several “neighborhood slow zones” that the DOT has been installing citywide since 2012.
The speed limit inside the slow zone is 20 mph. Installation has begun on 14 new speed bumps and 20 “gateway” signs. The “gateway” signs indicate the start of the slow zone and are being installed at its boundaries.
Eight speed bumps already exist within this area.
Per the agency's website, the DOT selects slow zone locations based on crash history, proximity to schools and community support, among other criteria.
Community Board 1 approved the slow zone plan in June.
Councilman Costa Constantinides joined DOT officials Thursday morning at a freshly-installed speed bump on 37th Street between 28th Avenue and Astoria Boulevard.
Constantinides said that “the number one issue” that constituents have raised regarding traffic safety in this region has been speeding to or from the Grand Central Parkway.
“We want to make sure that people feel safe as they're crossing the streets in their communities, and they don't feel that they're part of a highway system,” he said.
The 14 speed bumps will be installed over the course of the next couple of weeks, followed by the gateway signage and 20 mph pavement markings.
DOT Queens Borough Commissioner Nicole Garcia said that the full slow zone installation should be finished by early October.
Another day, another blatant example of Senator Bernie Sanders' hypocrisy.
According to a new report from POLITICO, the former Democrat presidential candidate and self-described socialist (who often borders on communism) raked in a whopping $795,000 in advance payments for a book about his 2016 campaign and "the revolution." In other words, it's a book about the need to redistribute wealth from the terrible, evil, awful rich class he believes is destroying America (despite him being part of that rich class, of course).
Sen. Bernie Sanders snagged a $795,000 advance last year for his book “Our Revolution: A Future to Believe In,” according to his personal financial disclosure. The book hit best-seller lists after its post-election release in November. Sanders also took in a $63,750 advance for a future adaptation of “Our Revolution” geared toward younger readers and $6,735 in royalties from his 1997 book “Outsider in the House,” rereleased in 2015 as “Outsider in the White House.” The Vermont independent also reported receiving $2,521 in royalties last year for a 1987 folk album.
Sanders is also the owner of three homes. His latest book is available through corporations Amazon and Barnes and Noble for purchase.
Sanders vowed to donate the proceeds from his last book to the "Children of Vermont," an organization that does not exist.
A study by researchers from the Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience (IoPPN) at King's College London has shown that mood instability occurs in a wide range of mental disorders and is not exclusive to affective conditions such as depression, bipolar disorder and anxiety disorder.
The research, published in BMJ Open, also found that mood instability was associated with poorer clinical outcomes.
Taken together, these findings suggest that clinicians should screen for mood instability across all common mental health disorders. Targeted interventions for mood instability may also be useful in patients who do not have a formal affective disorder.
This study is the first to use an automated information extraction method to acquire data on mood instability from electronic health records. The sample included almost 28,000 adults who presented to the South London and Maudsley NHS Trust (SLaM) between April 2006 and March 2013 with a psychotic, affective or personality disorder.
The presence of mood instability within one month of presentation was identified using natural language processing (NLP). Outcome measures included the number of days spent in hospital, frequency of hospital admission, compulsory hospital admission and prescription of antipsychotics or non-antipsychotic mood stabilisers over a five year follow-up period.
Mood instability was documented in 12 per cent of people presenting to mental healthcare services. It was most frequently documented in people with bipolar disorder (23 per cent), but was also common in people with personality disorder (18 per cent) and schizophrenia (16 per cent). Mood instability was also associated with a greater number of days spent in hospital, higher frequency of hospitalisation, greater likelihood of compulsory admission and an increased likelihood of prescription of antipsychotics or non-antipsychotic mood stabilisers.
Rashmi Patel, Department of Psychosis Studies at the Institute of Psychiatry, Psychology & Neuroscience (IoPPN) at King's College London, said: 'Mood instability can affect people with a wide range of mental disorders but the symptoms are not always recognised. We have developed an innovative text mining tool to identify the presence of mood instability in almost 28,000 people receiving mental healthcare in South London. We found that mood instability affects people with a wide range of common mental health disorders and is associated with worse clinical outcomes. Our findings highlight the importance of screening for mood instability and the need to develop better strategies to treat these symptoms.'
A trained mountain guide who helped his trapped colleagues abseil six storeys to safety insists he is no hero.
John Haynes was among 15 people stuck on the sixth storey of the Forsyth Barr building at the corner of Armagh and Colombo streets.
"We put it to them: There was a way out. If they wanted to come they could. If they wanted to stay they could stay, " Haynes said.
The way out involved being lowered by rope about 20 metres onto a car park, where those trapped could escape onto the streets.
"The building was going sideways, rocking and then the stairs collapsed from the top to the bottom leaving no obvious means of getting out, " Haynes said.
"The guts of the building fell down 17 storeys. We just had a shell of a building."
Smoke and dust rushed through the building leaving 15 people trapped on the sixth floor when the quake hit.
"We met and the question was what do we do? In my mind there was a danger the building could collapse. The other was of fire."
Haynes said they could have remained "stuck there but nobody would know if we were OK or not".
"It became obvious we needed to get out, " he said.
Haynes, who works as an investigator for the Ombudsman, knew from his mountaineering experience how to get people down.
He said after the 9/11 disaster staff had installed emergency supplies, including rope, sledge hammers, axes and food in their Christchurch offices.
The trapped workers smashed a window and began preparing to descend the side of the building to safety.
Uncertain about the strength of the ropes, a former Army man "of medium size" was sent down first. "He was pretty gutsy."
The rope held and together with lawyer Grant Cameron, Haynes belayed 14 people down 3 1/2 floors to the top of the car park where people could walk down to the ground floor and escape.
It took three-and-a-half hours with only Haynes and two others then left behind.
"I said I'd get myself down last because I knew how to do that, " Haynes said.
He didn't have to. A crane driver saw the pair waving from the window and stopped "mercifully" to rescue them from the building. "That was fantastic."
Cashmere man Haynes said his colleagues were "a fantastic bunch, no histrionics" who realised it was "a life or death situation".
"I don't think I'm a hero. It was fortunate that I was able to do what I do."
But Assistant Ombudsman Christopher Littlewood, who was among those trapped, insisted Haynes was "a hero".
"John is a cool and calm fellow with huge experience in mountaineering. He's a person who rescued people from mountain sides. I knew I could trust him."
A philosophical perspective:
But while Descartes's overall view has been rightly rejected, there is something profoundly right about the connection between privacy and the self, something that recent events should cause us to appreciate. What is right about it, in my view, is that to be an autonomous person is to be capable of having privileged access (in the two senses defined above) to information about your psychological profile ­ your hopes, dreams, beliefs and fears. A capacity for privacy is a necessary condition of autonomous personhood.
To get a sense of what I mean, imagine that I could telepathically read all your conscious and unconscious thoughts and feelings -- I could know about them in as much detail as you know about them yourself -- and further, that you could not, in any way, control my access. You don't, in other words, share your thoughts with me; I take them. The power I would have over you would of course be immense. Not only could you not hide from me, I would know instantly a great amount about how the outside world affects you, what scares you, what makes you act in the ways you do. And that means I could not only know what you think, I could to a large extent control what you do.
That is the political worry about the loss of privacy: it threatens a loss of freedom. And the worry, of course, is not merely theoretical. Targeted ad programs, like Google's, which track your Internet searches for the purpose of sending you ads that reflect your interests can create deeply complex psychological profiles -- especially when one conducts searches for emotional or personal advice information: Am I gay? What is terrorism? What is atheism? If the government or some entity should request the identity of the person making these searches for national security purposes, we'd be on the way to having a real-world version of our thought experiment.
But the loss of privacy doesn't just threaten political freedom. Return for a moment to our thought experiment where I telepathically know all your thoughts whether you like it or not From my perspective, the perspective of the knower -- your existence as a distinct person would begin to shrink. Our relationship would be so lopsided that there might cease to be, at least to me, anything subjective about you. As I learn what reactions you will have to stimuli, why you do what you do, you will become like any other object to be manipulated. You would be, as we say, dehumanized.
Sometime during 2012, when the late 9/11 researcher, author, and veteran Boeing 757 and 767 pilot Philip Marshall was contacted by a few of his old CIA colleagues from his days as a contract pilot for “the Company,” little did he realize what secrets would await him at an isolated aerodrome in the Arizona desert known as the Pinal Air Park.
If it were not for the fact that sprouting like Arizona cacti from the desert base of Pinal Air Park are the large fuselages and tails of hundreds of passenger jumbo jets, passers-by on Interstate 10 between Phoenix and Tucson would miss the site that has hosted the CIA's fleet of private planes and proprietary airline companies over some six decades.
Not always a magnet for curious tourists, Marana was once a training field for U.S. Army Air Force, U.S. Air Force, and Nationalist Chinese pilots during World War II and immediately afterward. During the Korean War, Darr Aviation trained student pilots for the U.S. Air Force. In the 1950s, Marana was used by the CIA's Special Activities Division to test the Fulton Skyhook, a surface-to-air harness recovery system used to extract agents from hostile locations.
Popularly known as the “boneyard” for civilian aircraft, Pinal or Marana also figures prominently in the events of 9/11. When this author attended Phil Marshall's funeral in Mandeville, Louisiana in March 2013, a member of his family pulled me aside and confided, “If you want to know what Phil was working on before he died, the answers will be found in Marana, Arizona.”
Delta Air Lines officially denies that its old planes are stored at Pinal.
The Calaveras County, California Sheriff contended that Marshall, in a bipolar rage influenced by pain killers and alcohol, of shooting to death his teenage son and daughter, the family dog, and himself in their family home in Murphys, California at the end of January 2013.
An FBI agent also confided to WMR that Marshall was peering into the pre-9/11 activities surrounding Pinal Air Park and its major CIA proprietary operator at the time, Evergreen Aviation.
A special investigation by WMR resulted in a different conclusion than that arrived at by a hasty Calaveras County Sheriff's Department. Marshall, during a trip to Marana in 2012, met some old CIA pilot friends from the early 1980s. In those days, Marshall flew CIA drug running pilot-turned-Drug Enforcement Administration informant Barry Seal to places like Central America and Mena, Arkansas. Marshall was said by his friends and family to have been given some “smoking gun” information on the role that Marana played in the 9/11 attacks.
Main entrance to Pinal. Up until early 2013, armed guards manned the gate. Phil Marshall would have still encountered them in 2012.
Marshall, a veteran United Airlines pilot with 15,000 hours in the cockpits of Boeing 757s and Boeing 767s, the two aircraft types allegedly involved in destroying the World Trade Center twin towers, the west side of the Pentagon, and plunging into a field in Pennsylvania, wrote two books — False Flag 911: How Bush, Cheney and the Saudis Created the Post-911 World and The Big Bamboozle: 9/11 and the War on Terror — doubting the official 9/11 Commission report that claimed that 19 Arab flight students, with only rudimentary training, were able to maneuver heavy jet planes in a manner that even seasoned pilots like Marshall said was virtually impossible. Impossible, perhaps, for human pilots but possibly not for special hybrid aircraft, fabricated to resemble commercial planes, painted with United and American logos and colors, and topped off with drone technology.
But where could such aircraft be produced without anyone's suspicions being raised? Ever since 1948, when the U.S. Government turned the Marana field back to Pinal County, the CIA has maintained a presence there. Originally built by Sun City developer; Poston, Arizona Japanese-American relocation center builder; and former New York Yankees owner Del Webb in 1942, the airfield trained 10,000 pilots during World War II. Dinah Shore entertained the trainee pilots during a USO tour.
After the war, Pinal County leased Marana back to Sonoran Flight Services, which was contracted to the U.S. Forest Service to fight forest fires. However, the airfield soon gained the attention of the newly-inaugurated CIA, which piggybacked on the Forest Service contract to begin operating CIA proprietary airline companies from the location much prized for its remoteness. A fairly old massive pile of dirt located outside the main gate of Pinal Air Park is said to be the soil excavated for a massive tunnel system installed under the base by the CIA.
George Doole, the CIA's guru on establishing proprietary aviation companies, decided that Marana was the best place to center the operations of a number of famous and infamous spook airline outfits, including Civil Air Transport, Atlantic General Enterprise, Air America, Southern Air Transport, Intermountain Aviation (for which Phil Marshall flew in the early 1980s), Continental Air Services (part of Continental Airlines that supported CIA and U.S. military operations in Southeast Asia), and, finally, Evergreen Trade. The latter is a diversified company started by Del Smith that is involved in everything from chemical spraying for weather modification to growing Christmas trees and operating a vineyard. Its aviation arm, Evergreen Aviation, for years operated Pinal Air Park for the CIA as a major center for maintaining and refurbishing aircraft for special operations.
The telltale sign of underground excavation and tunnels at Pinal: a huge mound of soil outside the main entrance.
Those “special operations,” as Phil Marshall was undoubtedly aware from his days as a pilot for DEA-informant Barry Seal, included narcotics smuggling, for which Air America and Southern Air Transport were the most infamous. To this day, incoming planes at Pinal are subjected to rigorous inspections by U.S. Customs and Agriculture Department agents for contraband and invasive plant, insect, and animal species.
In the 1990s, Pinal Air Park was used by the Department of the Treasury as a Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC) to train special agents, including Secret Service agents, in motor vehicle protective driving techniques and firearms use.
According to Pinal Air Park sources, in the months before and just after 9/11, the facility was the home to over 200 commercial aircraft, the highest number than during any other recent time. While many airlines send their aircraft to Pinal for quick maintenance, other companies either send planes to the facility for long term storage or pull planes from long term storage for extensive overhaul and a return to service. Planes stored at Pinal are either destined for the scrapyard or storage for future use. A number of Delta Air Lines planes are currently parked at Pinal with a number destined for the scrapyard after their parts are cannibalized. A Turkmenistan Airlines Boeing 717 was at Pinal long enough for some quick maintenance before it was returned to active service. Currently, an Air Jamaica Boeing 757 is at Pinal undergoing similar maintenance. Not so fortunate is a EuroAtlantic Airways Boeing 747 charter plane that is so weathered, its final destination will be a scrapyard.
Interspersed with U.S. commercial aircraft are foreign planes like the one above from China Eastern Airlines.
A similar boneyard and maintenance-to-storage, storage-to-scrap, and storage-to-maintenance/full operations facility for military aircraft exists at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base to the wets of Tucson. WMR discovered that there is a degree of coordination between the military boneyard at Davis-Monthan and the civilian one at Pinal Air Park.
One is never certain what they'll find at the military boneyard next to Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, on the other side of Tucson from the Pinal Air Park.
Pinal not only has the capability to maintain aircraft but, according to a source familiar with the operations at the facility, it can manufacture aircraft from the cannibalized parts from other planes. In addition, the facility can fabricate new parts for special purposes. WMR learned that Pinal has the capability to enable large planes to be remotely operated. WMR can report that it was this capability at Pinal that attracted airline captain Marshall's attention and was to be a central part of this third book on 9/11. After his death, the computer hard disk containing the manuscript for Marshall's third book was removed from his residence in Murphys and was reportedly sent to the technical lab of the California Department of Justice in Sacramento for “analysis.” Neither it nor the manuscript contained on it have ever surfaced.
The intrigue does not stop there. In 2012, when Marshall visited Pinal and spoke to his contacts, Evergreen was in negotiations to sell its facility as part of the Pinal Air Park was slated for return to county control and development as a general aviation airport. Eventually, a company based in Rosslyn, in Arlington County, Virginia, Relativity, LLC, negotiated with Evergreen for the sale of the maintenance and storage facility at Pinal. Relativity then changed the name of the facility at Pinal from Evergreen to Marana Aerospace Solutions. Marana Aerospace dropped the armed guards at the main entrance to Pinal but an ominous “U.S. Government Property-Restricted Area” sign greets anyone trying to enter the area of the facility controlled by the company.
After visiting the Flightline Grill Restaurant, which is open to the public and where Marana Aerospace employees dine for meals, a white Marana Aerospace security pickup truck followed this editor's vehicle to the main entrance of the facility. Only after the editor's vehicle passed through the unmanned gate did the security vehicle make a U-turn.
One of Relativity's principal officers is Leslie Armitage, who is also a co-founder of The Carlyle Group-Europe. Carlyle is a major investment company on whose board at the time of 9/11 was George H. W. Bush and whose major investors included the Bin Laden family of Saudi Arabia. Carlyle is no stranger to the aviation business, having invested in partnerships with Northrop Grumman and United Defense Industries.
The combination of the Carlyle Group, the CIA, drone aircraft capabilities, civilian jet aircraft, and the fact that 9/11 author and pilot Phil Marshall may have paid with his and his family's lives for having this and possibly additional information about these connections certainly calls for a re-examination of the circumstances behind the 9/11 attacks and a new investigation by the state of California and the FBI into the death of Marshall and his two children in January 2013.
Wayne Madsen is an investigative journalist who consistently exposes cover-ups from deep within the government. Want to be the first to learn the latest scandal? Go to WayneMadsenReport.com subscribe today!
Follow these steps to create installation media (USB flash drive or DVD) you can use to install a new copy of Windows 10, perform a clean installation, or reinstall Windows 10.
Before you download the tool make sure you have:
An internet connection (internet service provider fees may apply).
Sufficient data storage available on a computer, USB or external drive for the download.
A blank USB flash drive with at least 8GB of space or blank DVD (and DVD burner) if you want to create media. We recommend using a blank USB or blank DVD, because any content on it will be deleted.
USB flash drive with at least 8GB of space or blank DVD (and DVD burner) if you want to create media. We recommend using a blank USB or blank DVD, because any content on it will be deleted. When burning a DVD from an ISO file, if you are told the disc image file is too large you will need to use Dual Layer (DL) DVD Media.
Check a few things on the PC where you want to install Windows 10:
64-bit or 32-bit processor (CPU). You'll create either a 64-bit or 32-bit version of Windows 10. To check this on your PC, go to PC info in PC settings or System in Control Panel, and look for System type .
You'll create either a 64-bit or 32-bit version of Windows 10. To check this on your PC, go to in PC settings or in Control Panel, and look for . System requirements. Make sure the PC meets the system requirements for Windows 10. We also recommend going to the PC manufacturer's website for additional info about updated drivers and hardware compatibility.
Make sure the PC meets the system requirements for Windows 10. We also recommend going to the PC manufacturer's website for additional info about updated drivers and hardware compatibility. Language in Windows. You'll need to choose the same language when you install Windows 10. To see what language you're currently using, go to Time and language in PC settings or Region in Control Panel.
You'll need to choose the same language when you install Windows 10. To see what language you're currently using, go to in PC settings or in Control Panel. Edition of Windows. You should also choose the same edition of Windows. To check what edition you're currently running, go to PC info in PC settings or System in Control Panel, and look for Windows edition . Windows 10 Enterprise isn't available in the media creation tool. For more info, go to the Volume Licensing Service Center.
You should also choose the same edition of Windows. To check what edition you're currently running, go to in PC settings or in Control Panel, and look for . Windows 10 Enterprise isn't available in the media creation tool. For more info, go to the Volume Licensing Service Center. Microsoft Office products. If you just purchased a new device that includes Office 365, we recommend redeeming (installing) Office before upgrading to Windows 10. To redeem your copy of Office, please see Download and install Office 365 Home, Personal, or University on your PC. For more information, check How to upgrade to Windows 10 on new devices that include Office 365.
If you have Office 2010 or earlier and choose to perform a clean installation of Windows 10, you will need to locate your Office product key. For tips on locating your product key, check Find your Office 2010 product key or Enter the product key for your Office 2007 program.
Using the tool to create installation media:
A Face in the Crowd shows the horror of a corrupt intertwining of mass media, celebrity, and politics that was incomprehensible in 1957 but terrifyingly commonplace today.
Part rags-to-riches cautionary tale, part political thriller, and part doomed romance, A Face in the Crowd—from director Elia Kazan and On the Waterfront writer Budd Schulberg—foretold how mass media, celebrity, commerce and politics would become forever intertwined, in a way that was almost incomprehensible upon its release in 1957 and is all too common now.
Andy Griffith sneers, cackles, shouts, sweats and monologues as Larry “Lonesome” Rhodes, a booze-soaked drifter and singer doing a couple of days in jail for disorderly conduct. Lonesome is “discovered” by Marcia Jefferies (played by Patricia Neal), who produces a segment for a radio station in rural Arkansas. He sings a song for her, she lights up, and his rise to the top begins.
Kids love his songs, women love his plainspoken charm, working men love his grit and honesty, and advertisers love the profits they make off him. But beneath his seemingly simplistic language lies a master manipulator, able to get almost anyone to give him exactly what he wants, and as corrupt as his power allows him to be.
Although the movie predates The Andy Griffith Show by several years, it's impossible not to watch A Face in the Crowd without seeing Griffith inverting everything we think we know about him. Imagine Robin Williams playing a serial killer —or loveable TV dad Bryan Cranston becoming a meth-cooking monster. That's how jarring and fascinating it is to see Griffith in this film. And in Griffith, Kazan would find a star with the gravitas to pull off the shift from salt-of-the-earth to psychopath.
When a New York Senator with presidential aspirations enters Lonesome's orbit, the veneer of his folksy wisdom falls away altogether. In its place is a dark, creepy lust for power. Soon Lonesome is screaming about being named “Secretary for National Morale” and putting together a crew of street thugs to ensure his bidding is done. It's a portrait of power that's found not at the barrel of a gun, but at the end of a cathode ray tube.
Despite the pedigree of Elia Kazan, who had become one of the hottest directors in Hollywood after making A Streetcar Named Desire, On the Waterfront, and East of Eden, and rising stars like Griffith, Neal, and Walter Matthau, A Face in the Crowd didn't make much of an impact when it was released in 1957. People didn't get it. Influential reviewers thought it outlandish that mass media, and television in particular, had the power to sway national politics.
Then three years later Richard Nixon sweated and stammered his way to losing a televised debate to John F. Kennedy, and with it, the election of 1960. A few years after that, The Beatles became instant heroes to a generation thanks to an appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show.
Kazan and Schulberg saw television not as a vast wasteland, but as a blank slate capable of making anyone into anything. So they made A Face in the Crowd, not as political discourse, but as a warning of what can happen when power and corruption meet universal availability.
Don't see A Face in the Crowd as a period piece; see it as a commentary on the relationship between the media, political pandering, and pop culture. Once you do, you'll notice Lonesome Rhodes in every politician taking on a faux-folk persona whom voters “want to have a beer with.” You'll notice him in the pundits spewing conspiracy theories and the people lapping them up. And you'll notice him in the famous-for-being-famous reality stars trying to extend their short time in the spotlight.
A Face in the Crowd ends with a blinking neon Coca-Cola sign, making sure we never forget what the media is all about—selling stuff. That image, and everything that came before it, makes this movie practically a documentary—and a must-watch.
Panasonic Corp completed the biggest bond sale to Japan's institutional investors since 2011 after the electronics maker forecast its best profit in seven years.
[TOKYO] Panasonic Corp completed the biggest bond sale to Japan's institutional investors since 2011 after the electronics maker forecast its best profit in seven years.
The 400 billion yen (S$4.6 billion) offering included 10- year notes with a yield of 0.934 per cent, compared with the 0.61 per cent average for Japanese debt maturing between seven and 10 years, Bank of America Merrill Lynch Index show. The cost to insure Panasonic debt from default has slumped to 39 basis points, from as high as 506 in November 2012, lower than the 89 for Sony Corp and the 701 for Sharp Corp.
Panasonic predicts 175 billion yen in net income this fiscal year, after 1.5 trillion yen in combined losses in the two years to March 2013 shook investor faith in the 97-year-old company. Moody's Investors Service last month upgraded the Osaka-based manufacturer, citing its competitive market position in the housing- and automotive-related businesses. By contrast, Sharp is considering "drastic reform" to reduce losses in its television operations.
"Panasonic has undertaken large-scale restructuring and pivoted away from consumer electronics to focus on business-to- business opportunities," said Yoshihiro Nakatani, a senior fund manager in Tokyo at Asahi Life Asset Management, which had the equivalent of US$7.7 billion in assets as of March 2014. "The company has followed faithfully its recovery plan and you are seeing that in its earnings."
sentifi.com Market voices on:
In April, Panasonic reported its first full-year profit since 2011 after company president Kazuhiro Tsuga halted production of money-losing plasma TVs and stopped developing smartphones for consumer use, as part of his strategy of targeting businesses and reducing reliance on consumer goods. The company's stock has gained more than 17 per cent over the past 12 months.
By contrast, Sharp, once synonymous with cutting-edge TVs and home electronics, is considering options to restructure its liabilities, including a debt-for-equity swap, said people familiar with the matter last week. They asked not to be identified because the talks are private.
Sharp had net debt of 723.8 billion yen at the end of December, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. In contrast, Panasonic had a cash surplus of 241.6 billion yen at the end of 2014 after net debt reached a high of 1.25 trillion yen in March 2012.
"It's been a week where the fortunes of these two electronics makers have clearly diverged," Mana Nakazora, the chief credit analyst in Tokyo at BNP Paribas SA, said in a report last week. "Sharp needs to undertake root-and-branch restructuring." In the latest sign of success with its efforts to move beyond consumer electronics, Panasonic earned 80.3 billion yen in operating profit from its automotive and industrial systems segment in the nine months to December. That made it the single biggest contribution to profit. The company's eco-solutions business, which includes lighting and housing-related materials, contributed 75.7 billion yen in profit, more than three-and-half times the audio visual business.
As part of the company's shift away from consumer electronics, it set up a manufacturing unit in the US at Tesla Motors Inc's battery "gigafactory" in Nevada. The manufacturer, which was started in 1918 by Konosuke Matsushita, his wife and brother-in-law in a two-floor house, is also developing self-driving technologies for cars, including parking assistance.
Panasonic will use most of the bond proceeds for capital expenditure or acquisitions in growth businesses of housing and auto-related businesses segments, said Chieko Gyobu, a company spokeswoman.
Moody's raised Panasonic one level to Baa1 on Feb 19 saying it expects the company to improve its profitability in the next 12 to 18 months after its restructuring efforts had been "very effective."
"Panasonic's creditworthiness has improved above and beyond its ratings profile," said Hidetoshi Ohashi, the chief executive officer of Japan Credit Advisory Co in Tokyo. "Investors judged favorably that the company was effectively debt free."
BLOOMBERG
This cigar was reviewed blind (no bands) by a panel of at least 4 reviewers. They did not know what they were smoking beforehand. The scores are an average of all the reviewers' scores with outliers removed.
Vital Stats:
Vitola: Torpedo
Length: 6.25″
Ring Gauge: 52
Country of Origin: Dominican Republic
Wrapper: Corojo 2006 Maduro
Binder: Dominican Republic
Filler: Dominican Republic
Factory: Tabacalera Carbonell
Blender: Undisclosed
Number of reviewers: 5 —– Sandeep (Djangos) Dave (mdwest) Gregg (McGreggor57) Ron (shuckins) Brian (B-daddy)
Price: $12.00
Age: 2 Months Rest
Release Date: July 2013
Contributed by: La Hoja Cigar Co.
Initial Impressions
Appearance: 94
“A very nice looking torpedo. Fairly smooth with a medium amount of tooth. Consistent medium brown color and a well applied cap.” –Dave (mdwest)
Aroma: 93
“A rich sweetness and hay aroma. Some soapiness to it too. The sweetness is distinctly of birch beer. Haven't smelled that scent in years.” –Brian (B-daddy)
First Third
Flavor: 90
Strength: Medium
Body/Complexity: Medium
“The cigar starts off with a blast of black and red pepper that ramps up quickly over the next half inch. The pepper is so strong in a few puffs that it drowns a lot of the other flavors. Over the next half inch or so the pepper begins to die down some and then the flavors of leather and tobacco become more apparent. There are not many sweet flavors to be had in this first third. The burn and draw are almost perfect throughout the length of the third. The ash is white grey and holds for about an inch before falling off. The smoke is slightly wispy to start off with but quickly becomes more creamy and voluminous. The cigar is promising except I would have preferred a little less pepper that would not drown out the rest of the flavors.” –Sandeep (Djangos)
“Strong black roasted coffee with leather begin this cigar with a mild toast spice on the retrohale. Wet hay tones down the coffee a bit and smooths out the leather. A hint of allspice has entered the picture. About an inch in, the little bit of spice on the retro has disappeared. A solid flavorful tobacco makes up the background of this third. These mild flavors are working well together.” –Gregg (McGreggor57)
Second Third
Flavor: 88
Strength: Medium-Strong
Body/Complexity: Medium
“Cedar, nutmeg and some allspice have changed the initial flavor profile of the cigar. The draw is a bit loose and smoke production down. I'm hesitant to draw too hard for fear of pulling in some harshness. An occasional buttery leather is a welcome addition, keeping the brighter spice flavors in check. Light coffee begins to show through at the halfway mark blending with the spices creating somewhat of a holiday bouquet of flavors.” –Gregg (McGreggor57)
“The pepper toned down a little more, although the cedar is still spicy tasting. The coffee flavor is more up front and has been joined by a touch of leather. The tobacco has a musty after taste that reminds me of old hay.” –Ron (shuckins)
Final Third
Flavor: 88
Strength: Strong
Body/Complexity: Medium
“The further I get into this stick, the stronger it continues to grow. As I start the final third, it has fully entered the “strong” range in strength. A pretty one dimensional stick flavor wise. I have not detected any changes or the entry of any new flavors since the first third.” –Dave (mdwest)
“Well, after a complete relight, this cigar has made a little bit of a recovery. Some sweet, albeit mild, tobacco flavors coming through in the final third. A little baking spice in there too. I'm getting a little bit of a strength kick, which is surprising given the light body and intermittently sparse smoke output. Gets mushy and hot pretty early.” –Brian (B-daddy)
Overall Impressions
Draw: 92
“A bit loose but not so much that the flavors were hidden.” –Gregg (McGreggor57)
Burn: 88
“This stick took a good while to burn. No touch ups were required and the burn line stayed relatively straight the entire smoke. Nice performance.” –Dave (mdwest)
Construction: 94
“Obviously well built, this stick was firm and consistently packed from end to end. The cap was expertly placed, and the wrapper appeared to be seamless.” –Dave (mdwest)
Overall Strength: Medium-Strong
Overall Body/Complexity: Medium
Overall Experience: 88
“Had it not been for the one dimensional flavor profile, the cigar would have scored much higher than this. The harshness that I experienced in the second and final thirds was also quite unpleasant. The strength was a welcome feature. Unfortunately not something that I would go seeking for.” –Sandeep (Djangos)
“A bit one dimensional for such a long smoke. It took a little under 2 hours to complete this stick. With no changes in profile it got a little bit boring for me after a while. It wasnt a bad cigar at all. The flavors presented were nice, and the smoke was smooth and creamy. It just didnt do a whole lot to keep my attention along the way.” –Dave (mdwest)
“I really enjoyed this mild, but flavorful cigar. There were a lot of nuances that kept it interesting with some much appreciated subtle flavor changes. Nothing was overpowering and all of the flavors worked in harmony.” –Gregg (McGreggor57)
“A very interesting cigar that started off a bit rustic, but ended on a powerful note.” –Ron (shuckins)
“Some interesting and unique (bordering on weird) flavors in this one. Just not a lot of flavor to this cigar. Also suffered from performance problems (inconsistent burn) throughout. I don't think I'll smoke this again.” –Brian (B-daddy)
Smoking Time (in minutes): 82
Total Score: 90 (Very Good)
Reviewer Appea-rance Aroma 1/3 2/3 3/3 Draw Burn Constr. Overall Overall 94 93 90 88 88 92 88 94 88 Sandeep 95 93 90 88 88 97 97 95 88 Dave 93 88 90 90 90 90 92 93 90 Gregg 97 95 95 95 95 90 88 95 95 Ron 95 93 88 88 88 95 85 93 88 Brian 88 93 90 85 88 92 80 88 83
To view the complete scores and notes, click here.
Warner Bros. and 5th Cell Media, the makers of the Scribblenauts game, have been sued for copyright and trademark infringement.
The creators of the “Keyboard Cat” and “Nyan Cat” memes have files a lawsuit in a federal court in California, claiming damages for the unauthorized use of their creations.
In the suit the plaintiffs mention that Warner Bros. has a history of protecting their own WB logo meme, and now the tables have turned.
“The “WB” logo also is a meme, even though it is only two letters inside 25 the outline of a shield. Of course, WB employs an army of lawyers who use trademark and copyright law to zealously protect its intellectual property, including its logo,” they write in the complaint.
“Yet, for the past three years, WB, along with game developer 5th, have knowingly and intentionally infringed plaintiffs' copyrights and trademarks by using “Nyan Cat” and Patso's image in WB's top selling “Scribblenauts” games,” they add.
The meme creators demand that Warner Bros. and 5th no longer use their trademarks and request damages to compensate their losses.
Written by James Cooper
As part of Hofstra University's Pride and Purpose Debates, last night they presented a formal debate titled “Should the US Enact Stronger Regulations against Genetically Modified Crops?”
Speaking for the affirmative were Michael Hansen, Ph.D., the chief staff scientist of Consumer's Union, and Bhavani Jaroff, a chef and green foods activist, and speaking in opposition were Professor Kevin Folta, the interim chair of the Department of Horticultural Sciences at the University of Florida, and Gregory Dolin, Associate Professor of Law and Co-director of the Center for Medicine and Law at the University of Baltimore. The debate was moderated by Phillip Dalton, Chair of the Department of Rhetoric at Hofstra.
The debate allowed each speaker 8 minutes, plus a chance for others to ask a few questions at the end of each speech, followed by 4 minute rebuttals by each side. You can watch the whole debate here on YouTube.
Here's my summary of the event.
Hansen began with an historical outline from 1985 when he said the USDA developed the Coordinated Framework, deciding that GM crops did not need new regulations, but that they could be dealt with by existing regulation.
In fact, the policies, developed during the Reagan administration were that US policy would focus on the product of genetic manipulation, not the process, and that only regulation grounded in verifiable scientific risks would be tolerated.
Hansen emphasized that if a new genetically engineer product didn't “fit into their regulatory scheme, they didn't regulate,” citing the genetically engineered GloFish as an example that was not regulated, but not mentioning that it is neither a food nor a drug.
Hansen also emphasized repeatedly that there really is no regulation of new transgenic crops, as cooperation between seed companies and the FDA is purely voluntary and that the US “does not do any safety consultations.”
He emphasized that the American Medical Association has adopted a resolution supporting mandatory pre-market assessments. (They have also stated that no GMO crop has been found to be harmful and that they do not support labeling of GMO foods.) He also implied that the WHO's Codex Alimentarius has regulations on GMOs that all UN signatories should follow. They do not.
Hansen asserted that companies repeated stymie scientists seeking to do research by refusing permission to test their seeds.
He also asserted that there was research in 2001 on a Pioneer corn seed incorporating Cry34Ab1 and Cry35Ab1, and that an independent consultant had found that a corn plant extract killed lady beetles in 8 days, so Pioneer's safety filing asserted that the crop was safe for 7 days. W can find no verification of this statement except in a rather paranoid article in the less than reliable Independent Science News.
In the question period, Folta asked Hansen if he was familiar with the Academic Research License. If he wasn't, he'd send Hansen a copy of one. And that you can have a GM crop made for you at the University of Missouri, University of Nebraska or UC Davis.
He questioned Hansen's assertion that work by Stotzky found Cry proteins streaming from the roots of corn plants, by asking if he remembered the final sentences of the abstract. The relevant sentences were:
…it is not clear whether the presence of the Cry1Ab protein in the tissues of some plants under field condition and in carrot in sterile hydroponic culture was the result of the uptake of the protein by the plants or of the accuracy and sensitivity of the different commercial kits used. More detailed studies with additional techniques are obviously needed to confirm the uptake of Cry proteins from soil by plants subsequently planted after a Bt crop.
In Folta's presentation, he noted that he was an independent public scientist and no one could tell him what research he could not do or what plant he could not sequence. He also said that if someone needed a seed or plant sequenced, they should send it to him and he'd have it done in a week.
His view was that regulations needed to be different as current regulations are preventing the release of valuable new plant varieties, since it can take up to 10 years to satisfy the FDA. He noted that we have been consuming GM foods for 17 years now, and there is no one confirmed case of any harm from any GM food.
He noted the environmental benefits: corn and cotton now use half the insecticides they used to require, and GM crops are planted in 90% of US farmland. He pointed out that farmers are smart people, and that companies do not tell than what to plant.
Resistance to GM crops, he said, is based on fear. “This is science,” he said, “not gremlins or magic.”
“GM crops are elegant and effective, and it works,” he noted. “All scientists will tell you that biotech poses no more risk than conventional breeding. In fact, less, since we know exactly what genes have been inserted into the plants.
“We have the ability to carry out intricate, sensitive assays on these plants. And any person who actually finds harm from a GM crop will have his picture on Science and Nature. And he will win a Nobel Prize.”
Folta noted that these charges are based on fear, and that none of them have been proven. It is strange, he said, that seeds treated with irradiation or chemicals are acceptable to organic growers, but if we change one gene they are not.
These current restrictions stop emerging science, he argued. For example, in the lab next to his, they have developed tomatoes with a higher folate level, but they have not been commercialized because of regulatory hurdles. Without these hurdles, more nutrient enriched foods are possible. And, he emphasizes, no one wants to develop products that hurt people.
Folta specifically rebutted Hansen's assertion that the FDA doesn't require testing, noting that they do not have a hard and fast protocol so that they can adjust their requirements for each new case. And their procedure is to look at the product testing they are given and if it is insufficient, they require more experiments. It is “not a rubber stamp, but a stringent process.”
He closed his arguments by noting that excess regulations harm the industry and these irrational fears lead to crop such as tomatoes and orange juice being attacked when there are in fact no GM oranges or tomatoes at this time.
Hansen's rebuttal question period was such a list of fragmentary assertions that it could be characterized as a “Gish gallop.” This is a debating technique where the opponent is flooded with so many concepts that it is impossible to refute most of them. He did mention the possible allergenicity of Monsanto's MON810 corn, asserting that there are 43 proteins known to be allergenic. However, if you look at last year's paper by Fonseca et al, it identifies 14 such allergens in MON810 which are in fact unchanged from the conventional counterpart.
Bhavania Jaroff is a chef and blogger, running the Eat Green site. However, she did not seem to be well versed in actual science and many of her talking points were simply incorrect. She said that there have not been too many independent studies (there are 126 on the Biofortified web site alone.)
She echoed the common complaint that FDA commissioner Michael Taylor quashes any objections to GMO crops, and that he was a former Monsanto vice-President. Both assertions are completely untrue, and the actual facts are laid out in this article.
She claimed that discredited potato researcher Arpad Pusztai was fired from the Rowett Institute at the request of Tony Blair after he went on television to describe his experiments that feeding these potatoes to rats caused tumors and organ irregularities. However, as academicsreview.org has described this case, Pusztai's experiments were “fatally flawed,” and even if he did discover tumors and the like, the potatoes he used were not from any approved line, but some experimental potatoes from that laboratory.
Jaroff also asserted some very confused things about genetically engineered crops.
1. Genes are spliced with a pesticide called Roundup
2. Pesticides are injected into genes and thus are made continuously by the plant.
Both of these assertions are pretty much nonsense. Roundup is an herbicide. Bt is the pesticide she was thinking of.
Then she made it worse by saying that this pesticide regeneration continues inside our body. Even if this were true (it is not) Bt is only toxic to Lepidoptera because of their highly alkaline gut (the human gut is quite acidic with a pH about 1.2).
She went on with the standard anti talking points that the health of our country has deteriorated, with allergies skyrocketing, although there is no direct proof this is caused by GM crops. (This confuses correlation with causation, of course.)
She noted that a number of food manufacturers tout that their European versions of various foods are GM free as a service to consumers. Of course, their food supplies in Europe are more likely GM free, so this is not so hard to accomplish, and is based on zero science.
She made the outrageous claim that the Seralini rat tumor study was retracted because of a complaint by Monsanto, even though there is no evidence for this preposterous claim and the University of Nebraska scientist Richard Goodman was added to the editorial position at Elsevier and that he used to work for Monsanto (10 years ago). Goodman debunked this nonsense here.
Finally, she referred indirectly to the Aris and Leblanc paper which purported to find traces of glyphosate in maternal and fetal tissue. However, as Folta pointed out, the amount was at or below instrumental detection limits. This has also been debunked by Cami Ryan here.
Hansen interjected during the question period that the American Academy of Environmental Medicine as raised questions about GM safety as well. This is a shell organization, not certified by the AMA and is listed on Quackwatch.
Greg Dolan spoke as an attorney and law professor and again suggested that the opposition to GM crops was being driven by fear, and discusses a number of court cases where GM issues were relevant. He cited Chakrabarty v Diamond which established the right to patent GM organisms.
He noted that the idea that scientists cannot conduct studies is completely false. You can buy a GM crop from a farmer and once it is in your hands the law says you can do with it whatever you wish, to satisfy intellectual curiosity. While the farmer cannot sell you his original seeds, he can and will sell you his crop and you can do any tests on it you wish.
He also noted that there is “big money on the other side,” and that the reason that Europe as banned GM crops is entirely financial as they can't compete on price.
He again emphasized confusing correlation with causation and that no study has shown any harm from GM crops. He also cited Bowman v Monsanto, in which a farmer replanted with seed from grain elevators that was most likely to be GM and grew a crop without paying a license fee. He lost this case in the Supreme Court.
In rebuttal, Folta noted that the assumptions of the proponents was that there is a “vast conspiracy,” when none exists. And while there are 144 papers available from independent authors, there are many hundreds more sponsored by biotech companies. This is because this is where the testing is done that the FDA requires. It would not be reasonable for this to be done with tax money.
Finally, he noted that Pusztai's work has never been repeated, suggesting that it is not repeatable.
Hansen's final rebuttal repeated his earlier assertions that the FDA does not require testing and that the US does not meet some (unspecified) global standard. He also asserted that we already produce plenty of food and we simply have a food distribution problem. This, of course, does not allow for the fact that GM products like Golden Rice will provide needed vitamin A to poor children in Africa and help prevent their blindness.
The rest of his talk was just another Gish Gallop of partial assertions.
Folta closed noting that companies do indeed meet with the FDA before beginning testing, and do additional testing as required.
In response to discussion of the doctrine of “substantial equivalence” being the starting point for testing and approval of new crops, Hansen noted that even a very small change in a gene can be devastating, such as in the case of sickle cell anemia. Of course, it is exactly the effects of those changes that testing looks for.
Originally published at Examiner.com
Written by Guest Expert
James Cooper has a PhD in organic chemistry from Ohio State University and worked for years at IBM Research, mostly in computer science. He is now a full time writer, writing articles for Examiner.com on food and food science, and working on several books.
The court filing said the group, which called itself the Hutaree, planned to kill an unidentified law enforcement officer and then bomb the funeral caravan using improvised explosive devices based on designs used against American troops by insurgents in Iraq.
Photo
“This is an example of radical and extremist fringe groups which can be found throughout our society,” Andrew Arena, the F.B.I. special agent in charge in Detroit, said in a statement. “The F.B.I. takes such extremist groups seriously, especially those who would target innocent citizens and the law enforcement officers who protect the citizens of the United States.”
The Hutaree — a word Mr. Stone apparently made up to mean Christian warriors — saw the local police as “foot soldiers” for the federal government, which the group viewed as its enemy, along with other participants in what the group's members deemed to be a “New World Order” working on behalf of the Antichrist, the indictment said.
Eight defendants were arrested over the weekend in raids in Michigan, Ohio and Indiana, the Justice Department said. The authorities arrested the Stones' eldest son, Joshua M. Stone, 21, shortly before 9 p.m. Monday in Pittsford, Mich., about 20 miles west of his family's home, an F.B.I. spokeswoman, Sandra Berchtold, said.
A grand jury had secretly returned the indictments against the nine last Tuesday.
A law enforcement official said the plot appeared to be unconnected to recent threats against Democratic lawmakers who voted for legislation overhauling the nation's health care system. According to the indictment, the group — apparently centered in Lenawee County, about 70 miles southwest of Detroit — has been meeting regularly since at least August 2008.
The group's Web site suggested that it was motivated by apocalyptic religious scenarios more than any secular political fears. A rare mention of earthly politics on the site is a page devoted to discussion of efforts to unite Europe, with a suggestion that one high-ranking European official, Javier Solana, might be the Antichrist.
Chip Berlet, a senior analyst at Political Research Associates, a liberal-leaning nonprofit group that tracks far-right networks, said the Hutaree's philosophy was drawn from a populist strand that fuses fear of a conspiracy to create a one-world government with a belief that a war is imminent between Christians and the Antichrist, as described in the Bible's Book of Revelation.
Photo
In April 2009, the Department of Homeland Security produced a report warning of a rising threat of right-wing terrorism, citing factors like economic troubles, the election of a black president and perceived threats to United States sovereignty.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mark Potok, who leads a program that tracks right-wing groups for the Southern Poverty Law Center, said it first took note of the Hutaree last year amid a surge in new “Patriot” movement groups, race-based hate groups, extremist anti-immigrant groups, Christian militants and other variations.
“We're seeing all kinds of radical right-wing groups grow very rapidly, especially in the militia world,” Mr. Potok said.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The indictment said the Hutaree, in anticipation of a war against its enemies, had been engaging in “military-style training,” from weapons proficiency drills to “close quarter battle drills” and the use of “ambush kill zones.” The small group had acquired guns, ammunition, medical supplies, uniforms, communications equipment and “explosives and other components for destructive devices,” it said.
After attacking the police, the members planned to retreat to several planned “rally points” and wait for the authorities to come after them. They were preparing fighting positions as well as “trip-wired and command-detonated” bombs, it said.
“It is believed by the Hutaree that this engagement would then serve as a catalyst for a more widespread uprising against the government,” the indictment said.
Photo
In addition, Mr. Stone had announced “a covert reconnaissance exercise” in April, during which “anyone who happened upon the exercise who did not acquiesce to Hutaree demands could be killed,” the indictment said.
The United States attorney for the Eastern District of Michigan, Barbara McQuade, said the government raided the group this past weekend because that exercise would have “had the potential of placing an unsuspecting member of the public at risk.”
The Hutaree Web site features the motto “Preparing for the end time battles to keep the testimony of Jesus Christ alive” and a video showing rifle-toting men in camouflage running through woods and firing weapons.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Jesus wanted us to be ready to defend ourselves using the sword and stay alive using equipment,” the Web site says, adding, “The Hutaree will one day see its enemy and meet him on the battlefield if so God wills it.”
By Monday, the Stones' house stood empty, its front door ajar and two dogs still tied up in the muddy yard, which was littered with dilapidated furniture, a washing machine and tires.
The Stones' two sons were among those arrested. Joshua, the eldest, left the local school system after the fifth grade in 1999 to be home-schooled, and the younger son, David B. Stone Jr., 19, had never been enrolled, an official said.
Also charged were Joshua J. Clough, 28, of Blissfield, Mich.; Michael D. Meeks, 40, of Manchester, Mich.; Thomas W. Piatek, 46, of Whiting, Ind.; Kristopher T. Sickles, 27, of Sandusky, Ohio; and Jacob Ward, 33, of Huron, Ohio.
They could face a maximum penalty of life in prison if convicted of the most serious charge, attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction.
"We're monitoring the situation as to what the impact may or may not be tomorrow. We'll know more this afternoon," a Qantas spokeswoman said. Jetstar spokesman Simon Westaway said the number of flights cancelled was "obviously a lot" but "safety is our first priority". "We have a policy not to fly through or underneath volcanic ash plumes," he said. Qantas's spokeswoman said the decision on further cancellations depended on information from the Volcanic Ash Advisory Centre (VAAC) in Darwin. "We're in close contact with them but we want to give out the most accurate information," she said.
"We're doing call out to affected passengers on affected flights, about 1500 passengers at this stage, and rebooking them on first available services." Jetstar would make a call later today on what further cancellations may be required, Mr Westaway said. Qantas and Jetstar today cut off all mainland air links to Tasmania, cancelling 30 flights to and from Hobart, Launceston and Devonport. And trans-Tasman flights to New Zealand are severely curtailed, too, with Qantas cancelling eight flights between Queenstown, Christchurch and Wellington with Australia, and Jetstar axing 10 flights. Jetstar cancelled 20 internal New Zealand flights.
Depending on the VAAC's advice, passengers may have to be rebooked again if tomorrow's flights are cancelled, Qantas's spokeswoman confirmed. "Potentially, yes, and then we'll have to rebook them again," she said. An eerie pea-souper that blanketed Melbourne this morning added to the flight confusion for services into and out of Melbourne Airport on the busy Queen's Birthday long weekend. "There has been some disruption in terms of landing into Melbourne and flights are being held at their departing ports. Some flights have begun departing Melbourne Airport," Qantas's spokeswoman said. "But they are delayed."
Qantas had to divert incoming international flights away from Melbourne: QF10 from Singapore and QF94 from Los Angeles were diverted to Sydney. Jetstar had two Melbourne-inbound international flights diverted, one from Singapore diverted to Adelaide and a Denpasar flight diverted to Sydney. Virgin Australia had "disruptions right across the network" this morning due to fog, a spokeswoman said. "We weren't able to depart any aircraft until 8:30 this morning. That has had a significant disruption right across the network," she said. "We had one international Denpasar flight divert to Canberra."
Virgin Australia would shortly update its information on flights affected by the ash cloud, she said. The fog disruptions came on top of cancellations from the airlines acting on meteorological advice that a long ash cloud from the Chilean volcano had drifted across southern Australia and across the Tasman Sea. The ash cloud was drifting east at 50 knots, at an altitude between 20,000 feet and 35,000 feet, an altitude where passenger jets typically fly. The cloud stretched in a broad patch south of the width of Australia, covering southern Victoria and the Tasman Sea towards New Zealand, according to the Volcanic Ash Advisory Centre in Darwin. Airlines won't fly planes through volcanic ash clouds as the fine soot particles can clog aircraft engines, a significant risk to aircraft and passenger safety.
CANCELLED FLIGHTS The following Qantas and Qantas Link services will be cancelled today: QF1010 Hobart to Melbourne scheduled to depart at 6.05am local QF45 Sydney to Christchurch scheduled to depart at 7.15am local QF2051 Melbourne to Devonport scheduled to depart at 8.30 local
QF1011 Melbourne to Hobart scheduled to depart at 8.45am local QF47 Sydney to Wellington scheduled to depart at 8.55am local QF37 Melbourne to Wellington scheduled to depart at 9.05am local QF121 Sydney to Queenstown scheduled to depart at 9.05am local QF1020 Hobart to Sydney scheduled to depart at 10.40pm local
QF2053 Melbourne to Devonport scheduled to depart at 1145am local QF2054 Devonport to Melbourne scheduled to depart at 1.15pm local QF46 Christchurch to Sydney scheduled to depart at 1.25pm local QF1019 Sydney to Hobart scheduled to depart at 2.15pm local QF122 Queenstown to Sydney scheduled to depart at 3.00pm local
QF38 Wellington to Melbourne scheduled to depart at 3.10pm local QF2285 Melbourne to Launceston scheduled to depart at 3.20pm local QF2057 Melbourne to Devonport scheduled to depart at 3.40pm local QF48 Wellington to Sydney scheduled to depart at 3.55pm local QF1012 Hobart to Melbourne scheduled to depart at 4.50pm local
QF2286 Launceston to Melbourne scheduled to depart at 4.50pm local QF2058 Devonport to Melbourne scheduled to depart at 5.10pm local Please check the flight status page for the most up-to-date flight information. Trans Tasman scheduled services JQ 140 Christchurch – Sydney (departing 0635)
JQ 143 Sydney – Christchurch (departing 0855) JQ 156 Christchurch – Melbourne (departing 0615) JQ 159 Melbourne – Christchurch (departing 1200) JQ 219 Melbourne – Queenstown (departing 0845) JQ 220 Queenstown – Melbourne (departing 0955)
JQ 190 Christchurch – Gold Coast (departing 1615) JQ 191 Gold Coast – Christchurch (departing 1830) JQ 182 Christchurch – Brisbane (departing 1455) JQ 183 Brisbane – Christchurch (departing 1730) Domestic New Zealand scheduled services
JQ 243 Auckland – Christchurch (departing 0800) JQ 244 Christchurch – Auckland (departing 0710) JQ 245 Auckland – Christchurch (departing 0720) JQ 246 Christchurch – Auckland (departing 0910) JQ 247 Auckland – Christchurch (departing 0905)
JQ 248 Christchurch – Auckland (departing 1105) JQ 251 Auckland – Christchurch (departing 1305) JQ 277 Christchurch – Queenstown (departing 0815) JQ 275 Christchurch – Queenstown (departing 1000) JQ 274 Queenstown – Christchurch (departing 1430)
JQ 280 Queenstown – Auckland (departing 1135) JQ 281 Auckland-Queenstown (departing 1110) JQ 276 Queenstown-Christchurch (departing 1335) JQ 252 Christchurch-Auckland (departing 1500) JQ 265 Auckland-Wellington (departing 1030)
JQ 264 Wellington-Auckland (departing 1220) JQ 267 Auckland-Wellington (departing 1415) JQ 266 Wellington – Auckland (departing 1550) JQ 286 Christchurch – Wellington (departing 1515) JQ 287 Wellington – Christchurch (departing 1635)
AUSTRALIA Domestic Services to/from Tasmania JQ 703 Melbourne – Hobart (departing 0720) JQ 702 Hobart – Melbourne (departing 0905) JQ 731 Gold Coast – Hobart (departing 0800)
JQ 732 Hobart – Gold Coast (departing 1105) JQ 721 Sydney – Hobart (departing 0725) JQ 720 Hobart – Sydney (departing 0950) JQ 735 Melbourne – Launceston (departing 0810) JQ 736 Launceston – Melbourne (departing 0945)
JQ 705 Melbourne – Hobart (departing 1120) JQ 706 Hobart – Melbourne (departing 1305) JQ 709 Melbourne – Hobart (departing 1450) JQ 710 Hobart – Melbourne (departing 1645) JQ 739 Melbourne – Launceston (departing 1200)
JQ 742 Launceston – Melbourne (departing 1335) JQ 747 Sydney – Launceston (departing 1030) JQ 748 Launceston – Sydney (departing 1245) JQ 753 Brisbane – Launceston (departing 1250) JQ 752 Launceston – Brisbane (departing 1555)
Police in Tampa, Fla., were flagged down by a group of residents who were appalled by a neighbor they allegedly saw in a sex act with a pit bull in his yard.
The neighbors told the cops on Wednesday that Bernard Marsonek, 57, ignored repeated requests to stop the alleged mistreatment of the canine, TBO.com reported.
By the time officers arrived at his home, Marsonek was inside.
During a search of his home, police found a gun and ammunition, which resulted in additional charges because Marsonek had previous unidentified felony convictions, TV station WPTV reported.
Marsonek was arrested on felony charges of aggravated animal cruelty, two counts of being a felon in possession of a firearm, as well a single count of sexual activity involving animals, a misdemeanor.
He was released Wednesday on a $17,500 bond while the allegations are investigated further, MyFoxTampaBay.com reported.
(KUTV) Mormon millennials are the focus of a symposium at Utah Valley University this week.
Research shows Mormon millennials are becoming more Republican than their parents, but leaving the faith in larger numbers than previous generations.
BYU researcher and associate professor of political science, Quin Monson, was a presenter Tuesday at UVU and said millennial Mormons are Republican with a twist. They like smaller government but tend to follow religious leaders on issues like immigration -- a decidedly more left-leaning issue. He spoke about his book
Another researcher at the UVU symposium talked about the faith of Mormon Millennials who are trending towards a break from formal Sunday worship.
Jana Riess addressed Mormon millennials, 18 to 35, and how they have stuck with their religion in larger numbers than millennials of other faiths. They have however followed national trends in leaving behind organized religion in greater numbers than generations before.
"We are now at 64 to 65 percent, which is very good nowadays, but not as good as it used to be within this tradition."
is starting to look at millennials in the LDS church, and quotes numbers from Pew Research, showing a retention rate of Mormon millennials at 64 percent, compared to the 1970s and '80s when retention was at 90 percent for born-and-raised Mormons.
Riess, the author of "Flunking Sainthood," is a senior columnist for Religion News Service and spoke on a panel at UVU Tuesday. She spoke of change within the LDS church, to which she belongs.
"Many of the values of the millennial generation have stated inclusion, tolerance, and are not values they feel are being reflected."
Millennials are more supportive of social change, like gay marriage, than their parents, and don't agree with some of the stances the LDS church has taken in recent years.
"Yes," Riess says, "that is a factor, but on the other hand, Mormons are doing some things right. Some innovative things to retain young people that are working wonderfully: like lowering the missionary age and just having singles wards."
The missionary age was lowered recently to 18 for men and 19 for women who previously had to wait until they were 19 and 21, respectively .
Missions are now possible for teens as they leave high school. This gets young members involved with more depth in their religion sooner, as they transition to adulthood.
It is not enough to stop the hemorrhage from organized religion seen across all faiths.
"In the wider culture, disaffiliation from religion is the trend. People are organized religion and it is very hard to resist what is going on in the host culture."
When Mormons leave their faith, it's not in search of something else according to Reiss.
"It's not that they are leaving Mormonism and primarily becoming Evangelical or Catholic. They are not becoming anything. They are just leaving."
While some millennial Mormons don't like the strict rules and time commitment, it is a differentiation that helps some millennials stay.
"For some, that is actually an attraction. It is something that makes them different from their peers and has a sense of identity."
Follow Heidi Hatch on Twitter for breaking news, updates and more.
Scientists have discovered a way to entirely remove the urge to drink alcohol compulsively in an animal model. The researchers hope that, with enough funding, a solution to this age-old problem might be on the horizon.
Could alcoholism finally be on the way out? Could alcoholism finally be on the way out?
Alcohol has been brewed and consumed by humans for almost 10,000 years.
In 2014, 87.6 percent of Americans over the age of 18 reported that they had consumed alcohol at least once in their life.
Although commonly available, it is an incredibly addictive substance. In the United States, an estimated 16.3 million adults over the age of 18 have an alcohol use disorder, and around 88,000 people die from alcohol-related causes annually.
For these reasons, thousands of researchers are dedicated to understanding the causes behind a compulsive need to drink alcohol and ways in which it might be curbed.
The amygdala's alcoholism neurons
A study, published this week in The Journal of Neuroscience, built on previous work on a certain subset of neurons that seem to play a substantial role in alcoholism.
The neurons in question make up just 5 percent of the total neurons in the amygdala and are referred to as the central nucleus of the amygdala; this subset of neurons has been shown to become activated by frequent alcohol use. The a more individual drinks, the more the neuronal circuit is reinforced. This then drives further alcohol use and addiction.
Researchers from The Scripps Research Institute (TSRI) set out to see if this neuronal group could be influenced and perhaps controlled.
To this end, lead author Giordano de Guglielmo designed a rat model in which the alcohol-activated neurons express a specific protein. This gave the team a unique ability to observe how these neurons behaved. Without the protein label, alcohol-linked neurons are very difficult to identify.
Once the specific neurons were labeled in this way, the researchers injected a compound that could inactivate only the alcohol-linked neurons. The neurons were effectively silenced, and the results were remarkable.
'I wasn't sure if I believed it'
Much to the researchers' surprise, the rats completely stopped compulsively drinking alcohol. The change was not momentary, either, it lasted for as long as the rats were monitored.
Because the response was much stronger than expected, the team went on to run the experiment a second and third time to check the findings; each time, the results were the same. Once the specific amygdala neurons were silenced, the need for alcohol evaporated. As study leader Olivier George says: "It's like they forgot they were dependent."
When speaking with Medical News Today, George explained his surprise:
"[...] with classic pharmacology we usually observe a 20-40 percent decrease in drinking because the individuals are highly dependent (we model heavy alcoholism). Instead, here, the drinking went all the way back down to normal drinking, and without noticeable side effects; very unusual.
And, usually, to have long lasting effects like that, you need daily treatment, not a single one; it shows that we might have found alcoholism's Achilles' heel."
Interestingly, the rats were still motivated to seek out and drink sugar water, proving that it wasn't simply the brain's entire reward system that had been short-wired. The rats also appeared to be protected from the physical symptoms of alcohol withdrawal, such as shaking.
Another interesting aspect of the study was a difference that the team found between casual binge drinking and addictive drinking. Switching the neurons off did not have an impact on nondependent drinking, the brain just switched on a new set of neurons and continued. Only compulsive, addictive alcohol use was prevented.
The future of alcoholism looks bright
The next challenge for the researchers is to track how alcohol-activated neuronal circuits form over time; and, of course, to see if the work is translatable into humans.
MNT asked George about the team's next steps; they are already moving forward at quite a rate:
"We are now able to reversibly control these neurons with a laser using optogenetics. We can turn on and off drinking that way. We are also trying to find molecular targets in these neurons that could be targeted for medication development." Olivier George, TSRI assistant professor
They are also spreading their net further afield. George told MNT that the team is already "testing nicotine and methamphetamine dependence" in rats. And George's vision does not stop there; MNT asked what research he would carry out if access to funds and technology was unlimited, and he said:
"I would laser capture these neurons and measure protein levels to identify the proteins that could be targeted using small molecules to develop a new compound that would produce the same effect without needing invasive pharmacogenetic techniques (including brain surgery, gene therapy, and brain implants). All the techniques are available, it is just a question of money at that point."
With efforts, innovations, and insights such as these, alcohol dependency could, one day, be permanently solved.
Read how physical activity reduces some of alcohol's harmful effects.
Robert Griffin III has come to DC with more fanfare than...well...anyone. Many have already labeled him a savior, rookie of the year and have gone so far to have their avatar on Twitter or Hogs Haven switched to a picture of Griffin holding the Lombardi Trophy. It is certainly an exciting time to be a Redskins fan, but lets pump the brakes for a moment. The statistical success of Cam Newton last year has Skins fans salivating for the 2012 campaign. Can Griffin have immediate success? Absolutely. But comparisons to ($)Cam Newton should not be drawn. But what are reasonable expectations for RG3 and the Redskins offense for his rookie campaign?
Recently, ESPN's KC Joyner did a piece on the Top 5 improved offenses and defenses across the league. The Redskins were ranked as the fourth most improved offense in the league. Joyner cited the Redskins ranked 23rd last year in vertical yards per pass (9.7) despite Rex Grossman and John Beck ranking third in the league in attempts. The expectation is that Griffin will raise that stat to about 11 which, in turn, puts the Skins right at the league average and results in an extra 260 yards of offense over the course of the year.
Also, RG3's legs cannot be understated. Last year the Redskins were third worst in the league in only picking up 58 yards in scramble yardage. Griffin should vault the Redskins to about 275 yards in scramble yardage this upcoming year. All-in-all Joyner predicts the Redskins offense to improve by 535 yards in 2012.
So who ranks first in offensive improvement? The answer may surprise you...
Joyner has the Steelers and Colts in a tie for second in the improvement of their offenses. Perhaps you thought Andrew Luck's squad would be first? Wrong. The honor goes to the team that didn't trade for Robert Griffin III in the Cleveland Browns. With the additions of Brandon Weeden, Trent Richardson, and Mitchell Schwartz the Browns are expected to improve by 563 yards this year.
CLOSE Vanderbilt University police Officer Jordan Thompson resigned after an incident in which he allegedly provided alcohol to minors and allowed one of them to handle a his gun, which was discharged into an neighboring apartment. Wochit
Jordan Thompson (Photo: MNPD)
A Vanderbilt University police officer resigned after his downstairs neighbor was nearly struck by a bullet fired through her ceiling, according to Metro Police.
Jordan Thompson has been arrested and charged with gun possession while under the influence, supplying minors with alcohol and lying to Metro Police officers early Thursday morning. Additionally, his special police commission, which the Metro Nashville Police Department grants to sworn Vanderbilt officers, was rescinded at the direction of Chief Steve Anderson at the time of his resignation.
MNPD officers responded to an Hermitage apartment complex at 1:25 a.m. where a woman reported a bullet entered her home through the ceiling and almost struck her.
When officers went to the unit upstairs, they found Thompson, 23, Chase Whetstone, a 19-year-old Vanderbilt community service officer and two 19-year-old women.
Thompson had a pistol in his waistband, according to police.
After officers took the gun, police said all four guests denied knowledge about the gunshot "multiple times," until police found a bullet hole in Thompson's bedroom wall.
Thompson then claimed that Whetstone accidentally discharged the pistol into the floor and then brought the gun to him, according to police. He told police that while he was trying to clear the gun after the initial shot, it discharged into the bedroom wall.
Police said Thompson admitted he supplied the alcohol to the three teens, all of whom had been drinking, and that Whetstone admitted to firing the shot into the Canyon Ridge apartment below.
Whetstone is charged with felony reckless endangerment, lying to officers, gun possession while under the influence and underage consumption of alcohol.
The 19-year-old community service officer also resigned, university spokeswoman Ann Marie Deer Owens said.
"Both Thompson and Whetstone were placed on administrative leave upon the VUPD's learning of their arrests," Deer Owens said. "The two women who were in the apartment at the time of the arrests are unaffiliated with Vanderbilt."
The two teenage women, Lauren Ramirez and Brittney Fox, were issued misdemeanor citations for underage alcohol consumption.
Chase Whetstone (Photo: MNPD)
Reach Ariana Sawyer at asawyer@tennessean.com or on Twitter @a_maia_sawyer.
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/2oOHgF9
Network Updates: Sunday, February 21, 2016 at 4:30am UTC [ Complete ]
By: Keith Uplinger World Community Grid 16 Feb 2016
Summary
Network updates will be performed Sunday, February 21st. The World Community Grid website and BOINC servers may be affected during this update. [ Completed ]
World Community Grid will be performing network updates starting Sunday, February, 21 2015 at 04:30am UTC. The window for this maintenance activity is estimated to be 6 hours, although we anticipate the actual outage time will be less. During the network updates, volunteers may not be able to access the website, fetch new research tasks or return completed work for a period of time.
No action is required by the members, as the BOINC/World Community Grid software application will automatically reconnect to our servers once the update is over.
Thank you again for your participation in World Community Grid!
Completed Feb 21st @ 0710 UTC -Uplinger
Listen, we all know that we don't engage in the coolest of activities. I mean I think it's cool, you hopefully think it's cool, but quite frankly, it's inherently nerdy and most sound people would agree. Any activity that requires a lot of “useless” knowledge (to be clear, I don't think it's actually useless), a large proportion of your time and energy, and (here's the kicker) is very different from what most people do is hard to defend as cool. In fact the term “cool birder” is something of a paradox, like asking for a light but hoppy beer. Not possible. Still some are cooler than others, so I've made a list of rules for how to NOT look like a nerdy birder (even though I still know you are) while birding in public places. In the rainforest, or really any tropical location, all bets are off, but here in the US of dear old A, let's make a few things clear:
Own it—if somebody asks if you are a birder, don't act like it's the nerdiest thing ever and get sensitive about it. If you make it sound less weird, they won't think twice…well maybe twice, but as a general rule of thumb, they will not think thrice. “Dude you're a birder? That's weird.” “Yeah I'm a birder. You're not? Pfffff, what a loser. Hey everybody, this guy sucks…” Lose the khaki vest—this was never cool (for whatever reason, I think it becomes slightly more acceptable the closer you get to the equator. Ticos, for example, can still be cool while wearing a vest…usually). I'm sorry you have to hear this from me, but I swear I'm helping you and all of us. You only think it's cool because you saw maybe 3 “famous” birders wearing one once. I'd like to tell them to stop too, but I can't. I get that they're utilitarian and whatnot with the pockets or whatever, but c'mon? The best course of action would just be to burn your vest ASAP. If it's really too hot for a jacket but too cold for a shirt, then invest in one of those North Face ones; the puffier the better. While you're at it, burn the zip-offs too. Stick to flannel, jeans, and manly things like that. And headbands. Wear more headbands. Show interest in something other than birds from time to time. I'm not saying you should pick up another hobby, god forbid, but please, take a break and just do something non-birdy for a change. Put David Sibley on the shelf for five whole minutes (it's not a breakup, he just needs some space), pick up the phone and text your pals. Having a beer with the guys, or perhaps a lady friend, (or a dude, that's cool too…what I'm trying to say is get some) is always a good bet. Playing music, cooking, sports, photography, learning how to twerk like Miley; these are solid choices as well. Take it seriously but not too seriously—in other words, please chase as much as possible, see it all, learn a lot, discuss photo quizzes over coffee, whatever. I don't care. I do these things too. Obviously. But for the love of god, take it down a notch. Know that it is okay to laugh at yourself, and that you aren't always right about everything. Still, try to be right where applicable. Don't wear binoculars to conventions. We all know how much you like birds. I promise there are no birds worth binocularing inside the building. If you don't eat birds, it better be because you're a vegetarian and not because you like birds so much. Nobody should ever have to hear the phrase, “Chickens are people too, man.” Try birding shirtless (not recommended for women)—this shows how little you care about almost anything, which is pretty great. Do this while wearing a headband if possible. Don't be an encyclopedia—I don't care how much you know, or how much you think you know. Show some humility. Saying, “I don't know” is something we should all work on. You should probably be more like Dr. Nelson Briefer. If you don't know him, look him up. He knows an awful lot about Northern Goshawks. Some would say he knows…too much(?). Work on your social skills—Some things can't be taught. Good luck with this one. Stop talking about feeding birds unless you are talking about attracting vagrants in fall (i.e. hummers)—nobody cares what kind of sunflower seeds are best or which millet does nothing. Buy some bread at the store, go to the park, and feed the ducks like the rest of America. Okay, don't do that either. Here is my tip, put out hummingbird feeders, plant some sages, put out a platform feeder with some sort of seed on it, and never discuss it again, unless you are telling me about the Bahama Woodstar you are watching on your back porch. Thanks in advance. Personal hygiene—I know you like the outdoors, and that you are environmentally conscious. Take showers. Ship showers save water. Try that instead of forgoing them altogether. Read cool blogs—Stick to the Phenomenal Five: Nemesis Bird, Boom Chachalaca, Thermal Birding; Bourban, Bastards, and Birds, and Bird Crusher. See step 10 for figuring out which blogs are not cool.
I know this will be hard for many of us. I still have a lot of work to do myself. For example, here on the Farallones we don't get to shower very often. Luckily I'm not truly birding in public while here. However I will most likely smell like some combination of sea lion dookie and sweaty armpits for a solid 3 days after getting off the island. Sorry. To my credit, I stopped wearing zip-offs with sandals two years ago, and never looked back. You're welcome, America.
'Just wait a little bit, you'll have it,' Greenwald said. Greenwald: New bombshell coming
Another big National Security Agency scoop is coming soon, Glenn Greenwald said on Tuesday.
“Just wait a little bit, you'll have it,” The Guardian journalist who broke the NSA surveillance story said on “Fox & Friends.”
Story Continued Below
Although Greenwald wouldn't reveal exactly what the new revelations are, he said the world “will be shocked.”
“I will say that there are vast programs, both domestic and international spying, that the world will be shocked to learn about, that the NSA is engaged in with no democratic accountability and that's what driving our reporting,” Greenwald said.
( PHOTOS: 10 famous/infamous whistleblowers)
Greenwald also said President Barack Obama's administration is using leaker Edward Snowden as an example to prevent future whistleblowers from coming forward.
“I think what the Obama administration wants, and has been trying to establish for the last almost five years now with the unprecedented war on whistleblowers that it is waging, and to make it so that everybody is petrified of coming forward with information about what our political officials are doing in the dark that is deceitful, illegal or corrupt,” Greenwald said.
He added that the administration doesn't care about Snowden anymore.
( POLITICO Junkies: Edward Snowden- Traitor or hero?)
“They don't care about Edward Snowden at this point; he can no longer do anything that he hasn't already done; what they care about is making an extremely negative example out of him to intimidate future whistleblowers from coming forward because they'll think that they'll end up like him,” Greenwald said.
Follow @politico
The CIA will never find him in this disguise: WikiLeaks boss Julian Assange still enjoys the festive season despite house arrest
If Christmas is traditionally a time of giving, it looks like whistlebower Julian Assange has had a very traditional festive holiday indeed.
The WikiLeaks founder is currently holed up in a Norfolk mansion on police bail and is facing charges of sexual misconduct in Sweden.
But that didn't stop Santa calling in at Ellingham Hall during his rounds on Christmas Eve to deliver an enormous sack of presents.
He knows if you've been bad or good: Julian Assange poses as Father Christmas in the grounds of Ellingham Hall. I light dusting of snow adds to the festive feel - but what does he have in that Santa sack?
Festive feast: Mr Assange enjoyed a traditional Christmas dinner with host Vaughan Smith and other guests. Sharp-eyed readers will notice that he has won his Christmas cracker tug-of-war and is looking for his prize
Clearly pleased with his work over the year, Mr Assange got into the Christmas spirit by dressing up as Father Christmas and proudly posed with a bulging sack bearing the inscription: 'Dear Santa, I've been very, very, very good (most of the time).'
On Christmas Day the 39-year-old Australian also sat down to a special dinner - complete with vintage wines and Christmas crackers - in the Georgian mansion's grand dining room with family and friends.
Is this how he gets his information? Judging by the mound of Christmas cards and fan mail, Mr Assange won't be short of reading material while under house arrest
Meals at the ten-bedroom manor are provided by a housekeeper, while excellent vintages of wine and port are available from the well-stocked cellar.
After his gut-busting feast of turkey and all the trimmings, Mr Assange and guests no doubt took a stroll through the 600-acre estate, which contains a sustainable farm complete with livestock, and a carp lake. But Mr. Assange would have had to have been careful not to wander too far - he has to wear an electronic tagging device as part of his bail conditions.
Private moment: In this contemplative shot Mr Assange appears to be sharing a conversation with a Christmas tree (perhaps he thinks it's a CIA plant)
Chiki-leaks: In a bid to pass the time while awaiting trial on Swedish sex charges, Mr Assange busies himself collecting eggs from the chicken coop on the 600-acre estate
The ex-computer hacker behind the release of 250,000 leaked files on the internetis staying at the mansion as a guest of free speech supporter Vaughan Smith, 47, a former captain in the Grenadier Guards.
The director of the Jiangsu National Security Education museum in Nanjing, who would only give her name as Ms Qian, said the collection of tiny pistols, miniature cameras, and concealed wiretaps may be timeworn, but is still too sensitive for foreign eyes.
"We don't want such sensitive spy information to be exposed to foreigners, so they are not allowed to enter," she said.
"We have a range of documents and gadgets dating from 1927, when the Communist Party's Central Committee espionage department was founded, to the 1980s.
"We were ordered by the National Security bureau of Jiangsu province not to let foreigners see it."
No photography is allowed inside the museum either, she said.
However, the museum did reveal that it has exhibits including guns disguised as lipstick, hollowed-out coins used to conceal documents and maps hidden in decks of cards.
Fan Hong, a spokesman for the new Jiangsu National Security Education Centre, said of the museum: "It's for Chinese only.
"I am not sure about the exact reasons. I think it's because the museum is related to national security issues."
Chinese spies have recently been accused of using more hi-tech equipment, which they allegedly used for hacking into computer systems in the US and Europe. Such allegations have been dismissed as "lies" by the Chinese government.
I hate the phrase “forward thinking”. I cringe at the idea that I may at some point have used it.
It's awful. It means nothing. Actually, it means you can't think of what you really want to say – or conveys the fact you have no ideas – and just want to coast through whatever sentence you're saying. It's right up there with “liaise with” when you mean “speak to them”, or “brainstorm” when you mean, “I'm shit out of ideas”.
But it also means, if you hear anyone say it, that they believe the reign of Nigel Farage and what UKIP has achieved in its short but glorious history hasn't been “forward” or “progressive” in its thinking.
I think that's wrong. I'm reminded of U.S. Presidential Candidate Barry Goldwater's description of the term “progressive”, in the first footnote of one of my favourite books ever: The Conscience of a Conservative. He wrote:
“This is a strange label indeed. It implies that “ordinary” conservatism is opposed to progress. Have we forgotten that America made its greatest progress when conservative principles were honored and preserved”.
And this applies to Britain too. We're not talking about Conservative Party principles (no such things exist anymore) but rather about the concepts of individual liberty and responsibility, accountability of governments, and the defence of our respective countries.
After Nigel Farage's resignation, the UK Independence Party (UKIP) needs to steer well clear of anyone that would seek to imply his steerage of the party was not “forward thinking” by using such a term. And I want to take a second to just remark upon what magnificent man he is for leading us to that monumental Brexit vote just a few weeks ago.
I'm sure, like me, you got goosebumps when you heard him “dare to dream that the dawn is breaking over an independent United Kingdom”. Mr. Farage has been one of the most impactful, dedicated, and successful (non) politicians this country has ever seen.
And hasn't the reaction been delightful, since?
Perhaps worst of all is when you consider the broader response.
Snowflake Remain campaigners, who are now effectively acting as voluntary lobbyists for Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan, are flooding Westminster demanding that democracy is ignored, and that we should stop Brexit so they don't have to fill in a one-page, online visa application form before travelling across Southern Europe on their Gap Yah.
We have created, in this country and others, a generation of utter imbeciles who derive their liberties not from God, or not from the fact that they are sovereign human being, but from government (in European Union form). They also seem okay with handing those liberties over. This is not the time to take our foot off the accelerator with these people.
This is also why it makes me so angry to hear people like Douglas Carswell – a UKIP MP in name only – bleating to the BBC about how the referendum result was so tight, and how we must now work for “consensus” in our politics while ostracising UKIP.
This is wrong. It is a utopian, idealistic vision born out of Mr. Carswell's visceral hatred for the party, and his staunch and somewhat creepy commitment to his former flat-mate Daniel Hannan MEP, who has personally lobbied intensely for Turkey to join the European Union.
This is a time for UKIP to do what the establishment has done to the country for the last 43 years (at least): punish it, whip it, smack it around and make it call you “daddy”.
Because it is quite simple: we have the momentum. And the second we give up that ground in order to “seek consensus”, we will once again be on the back foot. You know it has already been happening. All this talk about if Article 50 will ever happen at all? The law firms supposedly launching legal bids against Brexit. The fact that the media has been trying to portray Brexit as some kind of xenophobic “genie in a bottle”.
It is all designed to fatigue us, and the likes of Douglas Carswell, Suzanne Evans, and some others will kowtow to their Westminster buddies because they like “consensus”.
And let's think about what “consensus” really is.
It's that word that Tony Blair, Gordon Brown, and David Cameron used so much. Oh and Nick Clegg, if you remember him.
It should be about finding the middle ground in the national interest. But in reality it always becomes about finding the middle ground between political parties.
That's why UKIP is different. Or at least should be. Setting itself apart from the bubble huddle that you see on the College Green in Westminster.
So what does UKIP really need?
It needs a leader who is unafraid and unashamed of picking up that Farage torch and running full speed at the establishment. This is not the time to seek consensus. It's a time to hammer the point home, and if we don't get home, the next general election will see a massive swing to UKIP; It needs a rebranding – not really a new name – but a new membership structure, new fundraising methods, new internal party democracy, and hell, even a new logo. The party needs to look to the Five Star movement in Italy for inspiration; It needs a vision for 2020, not just for the party, but for the country. What does Brexit Britain look like? How do we get there? How can UKIP maximise its influence in Westminster, in Wales, in Scotland, in Northern Ireland, in the major cities, in Europe, and in the world? It needs to make clear that while a “broad church” is good inside political parties, you may not speak for the party if you openly reject the party and its core principles. What's the point in that? Having people just for the sake of having them? What benefit does UKIP really get by having an MP who takes the Tory whip and hardly ever turns up to Parliament, or his constituency ,and just goes on TV to slag off the party's base and big up his Tory mates? Enough! It needs to reach out in the north, obviously. But not just the north. Look at how places like Wolverhampton voted. And obviously Wales (despite Neil Hamilton). And also to our friends and allies across Europe who will now be pushing for their own referendums. We must support them.
This isn't a “manifesto”. These are just some preliminary thoughts on direction of travel. But I have spent the past few months discussing these and their finer points with Nigel Farage, with Arron Banks, and with the brilliant UKIP staff who won us this referendum.
Now, we just need a leader with the balls to implement it, and who can't be barraged by the mainstream media while he or she does it.
Who do you fancy?
Earlier this year, I started occasionally hearing some odd things from newer HEMA people about Wiktenauer and HEMA's source material. It bothered me so much that I wrote a relatively long post on my private Facebook wall about the origins of Wiktenauer, why it was needed, and how it morphed into what it is today as the most valuable HEMA resource online. I think it's time to address the Longpoint Longsword Triathlon in a similar way to realign some ideas that we want to promote, inform newer competitors as to the context and need, and to combat some conjecture coming from outside the competitive HEMA scene.
Back in the olden days, meaning 5-10 years ago, the idea that competitions would take the H out of HEMA may have been a majority opinion, at least in the US. This was even an opinion held by Longpoint Director Jake Norwood and myself until around 2010 at the latest. The first few competitions in the US were dirty, and I would have agreed then that, except for one or two guys in any given competition, you didn't see much of what we want to see from the sources displayed. Every hit, no matter the quality, type, or location, was given one point, and matches were to a set number of points or time.
We needed this. The part of the HEMA community that competed in the US progressed in skill significantly faster between 2010 and 2012 than that same group of people had progressed from 2004 to 2010. Today, we see the upper half of competitors consistently pulling off techniques and concepts from the manuals they work from in competitions. It's still dirty, because fighting is dirty and, as they say, the other team is getting paid to win, too. But it's there. To deny this is to all but admit that you only want to see artificial, partially cooperative drilling or sparring.
There are certainly risks, however. Tournaments are games, and poorly designed games can be easily broken or exploited by unintended behaviors. Over the years, Longpoint, Swordfish, and other event organizers have developed new rule sets, tweaked old ones, and progressed down the path of developing a game that brings out the kind of fighting that we want to see. At Longpoint specifically we update our rules with the goal in mind that the best way to exploit our rules should be to fence technically and correctly.
Do we think this is enough? No. Not at all. Fencing tournaments have their own downsides. Judging is a problem, so the rule sets can't be quite as robust as we would like. Blunt steel swords, while sexy and useful, do a poor job of replicating the bind of sharp steel, changing the usefulness of a surprising number of techniques. While injury can still happen, fighters are often able to rely on their gear to protect them, and are perhaps willing to take some risks they wouldn't take without that protection.
Software:
It's safe to say that the software is my least favorite part of this phone. Let's dive in.
First, the launcher. They've done away with the app drawer. To some, that's a huge no-no. I didn't mind the implementation on the Nextbit Robin. There's something about the lack of an app drawer on this device that really grinds my gears. To the left of the default is the LeEco landing page. It's a nice way to consume what LeEco has to offer. I haven't been able to use it enough to have a decided opinion on it, but it seems decent.
Another software quirk is the notification drawer and quick settings. In most (if not all) the android phones I've used in the last two or three years, if you need a setting you can quickly get to it from the notification drawer, either in the quick settings or in the full settings that's available when you pull open the notifications. This is gone with LeEco's EUI. That space is reserved for 100% notifications 100% of the time.
Instead, if you want quick settings, you have to go into the multitasking pane. Multitasking mode is half totally useful and half a total mess. When you go into multitasking pane, you will immediately be hit with a quick launcher for tools, media controller, quick settings bar, screen brightness slider, open apps, and a RAM cleaner button. It'd all be useful stuff if it didn't slam across your screen all at once when you press the recent apps button.
And the quickest way to get into settings is in the multitasking pane on a top slider. It's fine. It actually didn't work for me right away and instead brought up the slider settings. Now it's working and much less annoying than it was before.
I also think they got the back and multitasking buttons switched around. I know that's been an issue on phones in the past. I don't know what it's supposed to be, but it feels backwards. I'll adjust soon enough.
The launcher is something you can replace, but that shouldn't be your responsibility as the consumer, and when you do replace it, you still don't get an easy way to settings unless you have the app on your home screen.
Camera:
The camera app isn't as full featured as I've been used to. There aren't manual controls, there is an HDR mode, and there is a setting for a LeEco watermark. The camera takes good pictures. In HDR it improves the blowouts a little, but it does take a relative eternity to save the shot. This won't be a Google Pixel or iPhone 7 camera, but it gets the job done, and it does well considering it's not (as far as I can tell) doing any sort of HDR magic.
Pictures in the daylight are darn good. Even in average lighting, there's enough information to at least Snapseed my way into a great picture. Night shots are a little harder. It gives you a reminder that you need to keep your phone still when it's taking a night photo, but it still ends up with some noise. I've had some surprisingly good photos and some surprisingly bad pictures at night. There's potential there, but no consistency. It will be interesting to see if that gets fixed by an update eventually. I've taken some surprisingly nice night shots.
When Google announced that it was signing a patent agreement with the MPEG LA patent pool, the company said that it would ensure that a licence agreement for third parties using WebM/VP8 would be put in place that would let them make use of the protection within the agreement. After the publication of a draft of the cross-licence agreement, Simon Phipps, open source advocate, has voiced doubts about the agreement saying it "closes the door on software freedom".
In a personal post on his Infoworld blog, Phipps points out that the draft requires each user wishing to benefit from the agreement to enter into a contract with Google. As most open source projects lack a legal representative there would be no one to enter into such an agreement. The agreement also includes permission for Google to contact the signer and for them to use the signer's name in publicity. The acquired licence is explicitly not sub-licensable so could not be transferred automatically to downstream users of a project.
The licence is also restricted to covering encoding, decoding, transcoding and playing of VP8 video so if a developer is writing code that is handling more than this, the licence doesn't apply. "For open source, that chills innovation and leads to uncertainty over whether a specific program is covered," says Phipps, who goes on to note that the licence draft appears to be in conflict with the Open Source Definition (OSD).
OSD clause 6 says no field of use restrictions, OSD clause 7 says no registrations and OSD clause 5 says no discrimination (in this case against people unwilling to be identified). It is also arguable, he says, that the draft conflicts with OSD clause 3, which requires derived works be allowed to be available under the same terms of licence as the original software, since the Google licence is not sub-licensable. "Once again we're left with our fingers crossed," notes Phipps, "Google's making the right noises, but this draft agreement seems like a particularly unworkable approach for free and open source software."
Google is trying to establish WebM and VP8 as the default video codec for HTML5 and make it a standard of the ISO MPEG group. In the past it has asserted that the codec was unencumbered by third party patents and suited for use as a standard over patent-encumbered standards such as H.264. The MPEG LA patent pool searched for patents that VP8 may have infringed and, ultimately, Google decided to enter into an agreement with the patent pool. Nokia has also made a declaration to the IETF saying it has 64 patents that it believes VP8 infringes. The company adds that VP8 "offers no advantages over existing, widely deployed standards such as H.264 and infringes Nokia's intellectual property" and will not license any of those patents. Even if Google can make its licence agreement compatible with the open source definition, it still has a number of obstacles to overcome if it wishes to see it incorporated into standards.
See also:
Simon Phipps is the new OSI President, a report from The H.
(djwm)
The federal government's top communications regulator on Wednesday called for strong new rules to bar Internet and wireless providers from blocking, slowing or discriminating against consumers' access to particular websites and services, setting up a long-anticipated showdown over how — and how much — government ought to manage Internet access.
Under FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler's proposal, AT&T and other Internet providers couldn't block users from accessing Netflix or slow down YouTube's Internet streams. Nor could they give preferential treatment to calls made with Skype over those made with Vonage.
Wheeler said the new rules are intended to “preserve the Internet as an open platform for innovation and free expression.”
“The Internet must be fast, fair and open,” Wheeler said in an op-ed for Wired.com. “That is the message I've heard from consumers and innovators across this nation.”
The proposal, which Wheeler said he will circulate to his fellow commissioners this week and which would be voted on Feb. 26, represents the latest effort by the FCC to guarantee so-called “net neutrality” after two prior efforts were overturned by a federal appeals court. Unlike those efforts, the FCC has grounded the new rules in its authority under Title II of the Communications Act, which gives it the ability to regulate “common carriers” such as traditional telephone and telegraph providers.
Anticipating a backlash from industry and anti-regulatory Republicans in Congress, Wheeler noted that the Internet came into being in part thanks to previous rules set by the FCC and that the wireless industry has thrived despite having similar rules in place.
Wheeler had telegraphed the new approach to regulating Internet providers earlier this month in an appearance at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. But the move represents a sharp turnabout for both him and the agency. Under the Bush administration in the early 2000s the FCC decided to stop applying common carrier regulations to broadband access. And while the agency had long supported net neutrality rules, it previously resisted basing them on its authority over common carriers.
Consumers, Internet companies and even President Obama had urged the FCC to rethink its approach, and the two other Democrats on the five-member commission are expected to support Wheeler's move. But Republicans in Congress have been working to head off the FCC with their own net neutrality proposal. Regardless of how that turns out, another court challenge is all but inevitable.
On Wednesday, consumer advocates and Internet companies praised Wheeler for listening to their call to reclassify Internet access as a common carrier service, much like a utility is treated as a common asset, although they hadn't yet seen the proposal and warned that the rules could change between now and when the agency votes on them in three weeks.
“Title II is exactly the right law for the FCC to be using for net neutrality,” said Matt Wood, a policy director at Free Press, a consumer advocacy group. “Frankly, it's something we and millions of others been calling for now for more than decade.”
By contrast, broadband companies, anti-regulatory groups and some technology advocates decried the proposal, accusing the FCC of overreaching its authority and warning that the new regulations would discourage investment in broadband.
Wheeler's move to reclassify broadband “is an unjustified, overblown response to what has in actuality been a by-and-large hypothetical concern” about blocking or throttling access to websites and services, said Doug Brake, a telecommunications policy analyst at the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, a public policy think tank.
Like previous net neutrality rules, the new regulations would bar Internet service providers from blocking or slowing down access to sites or services. It would also ban them from creating “fast lanes” for their own sites and services or for partners that paid extra to have their traffic speeded up.
For the first time, though, the new rules would fully apply to both landline Internet providers and wireless carriers. Past net neutrality rules gave more leeway to wireless Internet providers than wired ones. But in an email describing the new rules, the FCC noted that some 55 percent of Internet traffic now travels over the cellular carriers' networks.
Internet companies were glad to see wireless access included in the new rules. “There is only one Internet, and users expect that they be able to access an uncensored Internet regardless of how they connect,” Michael Beckerman, CEO of the Internet Association, an industry lobbying group that includes companies such as Google, Netflix and eBay, said in a statement.
But the CTIA, the wireless industry trade group, argued that Congress hasn't given the FCC the authority to regulate wireless broadband access as a common carrier service.
“We are concerned that the FCC's proposed approach could jeopardize our world leading mobile broadband market and result in significant uncertainty for years to come,” Meredith Attwell Baker, the group's CEO, said in a statement.
The new rules would also give the FCC the power to oversee interconnection agreements between website operators and Internet providers. As big Web service providers such as Google have started to account for larger and larger portions of total Internet traffic, Internet providers have forced those companies to pay for upgrading their connections to the Internet companies' networks.
The deals came under scrutiny — and were brought into the net neutrality deliberations — after Netflix CEO Reed Hastings complained last year that Internet providers including Comcast were intentionally throttling customers' access to its videos in an effort to force Netflix to pay to upgrade its connections to their networks. Netflix ended up succumbing to those demands — after which, its customers immediately saw their service improve.
“If such an oversight process had been in place last year, we certainly would've used it,” company spokeswoman Anne Marie Squeo said in a statement.
Contact Troy Wolverton at 408-840-4285. Follow him at Twitter.com/troywolv.
UPDATE (21:00 BST 4th November): Updated with additional comment from W3C's Stéphane Boyera.
Like innovators in the bitcoin space, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) is seeking to solve e-commerce's persistent problems of high friction and fraud rates through its new Web Payments Interest Group, announced on 15th October.
Proponents of digital currency have been enthusiastic about the launch, expressing optimism that the non-profit dedicated to establishing consensus for open web standards – founded by World Wide Web inventor Tim Berners-Lee – would embrace an innovation that itself has been heralded as the Internet of money.
Expectations aside, project lead Stéphane Boyera told CoinDesk that while W3C is open to considering how bitcoin and block-chain technology could play a role in these discussions, it sees bitcoin as just one part of the broader online payments overhaul it is seeking to achieve.
Boyera asserted that the W3C is concerned first and foremost with making payments easier for merchants and consumers today, and that means taking a unified approach that brings together all existing payments stakeholders from the traditional banking and finance industry to digital currency payment systems such as bitcoin or Ripple.
Drawing on conclusions reached at the group's preliminary meeting this March, he said:
“One of the first things we identified was not trying to change the way payments are done today, but just focusing on the connection between existing payment systems and web applications.”
Boyera said that members of the digital currency industry, including Ripple Labs, had been present at the March meeting, but that the event mainly served as a way to gather the various parties involved in online payments. All agreed there had previously been no good forum they could use to communicate about what is a prevalent issue.
Web payments vision
W3C head of marketing and communications Ian Jacobs told CoinDesk that the goal for W3C will be to standardize APIs for different transactions within web applications and web pages, adding that W3C is currently engaged in a number of similar projects with similarly ambitious goals for expanding the web.
“There's an automotive group that's out there looking at how to bring applications into the automobile,” he said. “That group is trying to figure out the common set of things that developers will need to have access to so they can design an API that works on any car.”
The idea in establishing a common API for payments, he explained, is that wallet developers, for example, would only have to write an API once. With a common standard, this API would then be useful everywhere – whether a user was accessing it on a watch or a desktop.
“A website owner can put something up on a web page with confidence that, whatever payment solutions they have available to them, whether its credit card or PayPal or whatever, it will just work. The sites won't have to provide 12 options and users won't have to do 12 things,” he explained.
More specifically, Jacobs said that the core topics that will be addressed are increasing interoperability and security around digital wallets, and identifying and authenticating those who are making payments.
“There is no standard way for increasing trust between the web applications, the user and the wallet,” he said.
A place for bitcoin
Throughout the interview, Boyera sought to frame how W3C will approach web payments, noting the range of topics that he expects to be discussed in future meetings.
W3C will likely seek a middle path, he said, one that doesn't seek to change the way web payments are done radically or simply create a more interoperable wallet system. Although the way forward through these extremes isn't yet clear, he expects micropayments, peer-to-peer payments and cryptocurrencies to be a part of the conversation.
[post-quote]
Boyera cautioned that, as of now however, the use of bitcoin or blockchain technology is likely to be limited. Rather, he expects the group to focus on bitcoin only as a payment method, perhaps its most common use case to date.
“You can easily have one place where [users] can add multiple ways to pay including cryptocurrencies, if a given merchant supports this, that will easily allow them to use these mechanisms,” he said. “So, that's, for now, how we see our contribution to this area.”
Boyera later clarified that the W3C Web Payments group is not chartered to explore standardization in the area of cryptocurrencies, and that as such, it will not work on with cryptocurrencies as a technology. He added that the group will do the same for all payment technologies, using ACH and inter-bank money transmission as examples.
Notably, both Boyera and Jacobs admitted they are not very familiar with cryptocurrency, viewing themselves as web technologists, though they acknowledged that members of the Web Payments Interest Group are more well-versed.
Call for community involvement
Boyera was careful not to suggest that the group will come to any one decision, emphasizing that it has only recently launched. W3c hopes to end work on the program by September 2017, though he said this is not the target date for any decision.
“We are planning to publish a detailed roadmap early Q1 2015, and then start developing corresponding technologies,” he said.
This timeline, he suggested, means there's still time for the bitcoin industry to help influence the direction of the body and its goals. “The place of cryptocurrency at the group depends on who will come to the group,” he added.
Both businesses and individuals interested in joining the group can follow developments on mailing lists, reviewing and commenting on published work. This includes commenting on documents the group will issue every three months and contributing to discussion in the Web Payments Community Group, Boyera said.
Members and invited experts may, in turn, form task forces to tackle separate topics. All the group's proceedings will be public, as well.
Ultimately, it's these participants who will have the most say in the group's direction, Boyera said.
“Depending on who joins the work, the group can have a big focus on more traditional payment systems or it could have a focus on new payment systems,” Boyera said. “We have been talking with companies like Ripple Labs, and they might help the group focus on new ways of paying.”
The overall adoption of bitcoin will also, he said, influence outcome.
“If there is a critical mass of people that can bring an expertise around cryptocurrencies and they can help solve some of the issues, then this is surely something that will be taken up by the group,” he stated, adding that a presence from the finance industry could lead to different results.
He concluded:
“If, on the contrary, you have mostly the traditional finance industry, banks and networks, then the focus will be to improve credit card payment on the web.”
Payments image via Shutterstock
Jan 14, 2014; New York, NY, USA; Tampa Bay Lightning goalie Ben Bishop (30) makes a save with help from Tampa Bay Lightning left wing Ryan Malone (12) against the New York Rangers during the second period at Madison Square Garden. Mandatory Credit: Adam Hunger-USA TODAY Sports
The Tampa Bay Lightning started out down a goal, but they were able to battle back and defeat the New York Rangers 2-1.
This was the last meeting between these two teams this season. Add in the Lightning's 5-0 win over the Rangers on November 25th at the Tampa Bay Times Forum, and the Bolts have taken the season series.
Despite what the scoreboard said when the buzzer sounded on the first period, the Lightning really did play a solid first. The Lightning was very aggressive and owned the puck for a good portion of the period.
It wasn't until 11:55 that the tide would turn in the Rangers' favor. This is when former Lightning center Brad Richards would fire off a wrist shot that would find its way past Bishop with assists from right wing Ryan Callahan and left wing Carl Hagelin.
The second period is where things got really heated, really quickly.
Just 29 seconds into the 2nd period, the Lightning would get the first power play of the night as Callahan would nail Bishop in the face with his stick, sending him crashing to the ice. Despite arguing his case, Callahan was sent to the box for 2 minutes for High Sticking.
You remember how I have always said that the best revenge is to score? Well, apparently the Tampa Bay Lightning agrees wholeheartedly.
The Bolts would score not one, but two goals with a 9 second period. The first goal, on the Power Play, was scored by defenseman Victor Hedman with the assist of the Captain Martin St. Louis and right wing Teddy Purcell. The second goal was scored by right wing Nikita Kucherov for his 7th goal of the season. The assists on the Kucherov went to defenseman Radko Gudas and right wing J.T. Brown.
The Lightning was solid on the Penalty Kill tonight, killing both of their penalties.
Lightning goaltender Ben Bishop played tonight as if he had never missed a game. Bishop blocked 33 of 34 shots that were brought against him tonight. This gave him a Save Percentage of .971.
Even though they did not get the win tonight, Rangers goaltender Henrik Lundqvist had a pretty fantastic game as well. He stopped 23 of 25 shots brought against him for a Save Percentage of .920.
The team played far better tonight than they did in Columbus last night. The Bolts still struggled with turnovers midway through the first period, but they were able to overcome. The Lightning also did much better in regards to blocking shots.
It looks like Cooper really buckled down and addressed the issues before tonight's game.
Your Three Stars of the Night:
Next up for the Tampa Bay Lightning, they head home to the Tampa Bay Times Forum to go head-to-head with John Tavares and the New York Islanders on Thursday at 7:30 p.m.
What did you think of tonight's performance? What do you think the Lightning need to take away from tonight's performance in order to keep the momentum rolling against Islanders? Let us know what you think in the comments below.
Be sure to stay up-to-date with all the latest Lightning news and updates with Bolts By the Bay. LIKE us on Facebook at Bolts By The Bay, and you can follow us on Twitter at@BoltsByTheBay.
Nigel Wright, Prime Minister Stephen Harper's former chief of staff, is poised to return to Onex Corp., CEO Gerald Schwartz said yesterday.
Wright, who left the Prime Minister's Office in May 2013 after cutting a personal cheque to pay back improper expenses for Senator Mike Duffy, is a former managing director of the private equity firm.
Schwartz told Bloomberg he is “hopeful” that Wright will return to Onex in the near future and that it is likely he would be posted to the London office of the firm.
Onex is making a push into Europe and set up an office in London two years ago to guide its investment strategy.
A Harvard-trained lawyer, Wright was respected broker of multimillion-dollar deals for Onex Corp. before joining the PMO in 2011. Onex had agreed to hold a job for him for two years.
Wright left his job as the prime minister's aide in 2013, taking sole responsibility for writing a $90,000 cheque to Duffy. Initially, the story was that Wright had resigned voluntarily, but Harper later said he fired Wright.
The RCMP said in April that Wright would not face criminal charges.
Early in my days in VR, I remember hearing about a title from Survios – Zombies on the Holodeck. The experience used custom hardware to immerse you in a walkable world with tracked guns, which of course you used to shoot Zombies. The demo made use of a system Survios calls ‘Active VR' which tracks the player's motion through space – like the Vive's Lighthouse, but with less precision. It was an experience I am sad I never got, but I think with today's teaser I will get that relief in spades.
Released this morning, Vertigo Games is teasing their upcoming title for the HTC Vive – Arizona Sunshine. Check out the video below:
According to the game's website, you are a survivor of an apocalyptic event that has resulted in zombies roaming the earth. Thinking you are one of the last survivors you set out on a journey through Arizona – which suddenly a crackling human voice comes over your radio. On your journey to find human contact you will be stuck between fighting off both the swealtering heat and the snapping teeth of zombies coming for your brains.
The game has been optimized for VR “from the ground up” meaning that everything in it was made with VR in mind. It will also, unsurprisingly take advantage of Room Scale VR, meaning that you will be able to walk around in the game's environments. It remains to be seen how locomotion will work beyond the confines of the environment but we do know the game will be in “bite-sized chunks” (see what they did there?) that will flow together to create a broader narrative; potentially suggesting a fade and transport mechanic. This is likely something we will see with a lot of VR games, especially early on as people become more acclimatized to having a HMD on their face for hours at a time. The game will also take full advantage of the Vive's motion tracked controllers, which can be seen in the teaser used in tandem – taking the clip and putting it into the gun for example (or even potentially smacking a zombie out of the way).
With Zombie fever still in full swing, this seems like a title that could easily hit big with a major audience. Based on the limited information we have, it seems like it could be incredibly exciting. Vertigo Games, the developers of Arizona Sunshine, were one of the original Vive partners and were the ones behind the fantastic Skyworld demo shown at GDC. They are ahead of the game when it comes to developing for the Vive – and I think we can reasonably expect big things from Arizona Sunshine because of it.
Screenshot Gallery:
UploadVR will continue to follow Vertigo Games and the rest of the Vive partners as they gear up for E3.
Tagged with: zombies
In the months following Donald Trump's election, Russian media fell hard for their brash new beau. Television anchors and columnists lauded Mr Trump's promises to rebuild relations with Russia. Dmitry Kiselev, the Kremlin's chief propagandist, fawned over Mr Trump on his flagship Sunday-night show, declaring the new American president to be a “muzhik”, or a “real man”—a sharp shift for a programme that had spent years stoking anti-Americanism. (His praise became so effusive that a fringe nationalist group even staged a protest accusing Mr Kiselev of “Trumpomania”.) In January, Mr Trump was mentioned more often in the Russian press than Vladimir Putin himself.
Yet just as suddenly as he appeared, the triumphant image of Mr Trump has largely vanished from Russian television sets. In the past week, as the Trump administration has issued increasingly conflicting signals on its policy toward Russia, the country's news programmes have overlooked his activities, and commentators have taken up a decidedly more skeptical spirit. The firing of the Russia-friendly Michael Flynn as national security adviser may have caused some consternation in the Kremlin. So too did the White House's statement last week that it expected Russia to “return” Crimea to Ukraine.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Russia may be realising that, despite Mr Trump's promises, the bitter relationship with America is unlikely to change much. Konstantin Eggert, a commentator at the independent television network Dozhd (“Rain”), reported that the state-media holdings had received an order from the Kremlin to cut down on coverage of Mr Trump; Bloomberg, citing three anonymous sources familiar with the matter, suggested as much. Mr Putin's press secretary, Dmitry Peskov, dismissed those claims as “fake news”, but the numbers do not lie. An analysis by RBC, a respected business-news agency, found that mentions of Mr Trump on key Sunday news and analytical programmes fell by 88% in the two weeks from February 5th to February 19th (see chart). So much for love at first sight.
I spent much of the yesterday surfing the web and I saw no news reports of this. As I write this, the only places I have seen this reported are on HuffPost and Reuters. I found no mention of this on the websites of CNN, USA Today, or the New York Times.
This happened over 24 hours ago, and it is reported by a major European news service. The major news sources here in America apparently do not find it worth reporting at all, choosing to fill their pages with fluff and with follow-up stories on last week's events, stories that might have been written on Friday for use as needed.
Have our news organizations become this incompetent, or is the death toll here too insignificant to warrant comment?
A Maricopa County Sheriff's detention officer who was found in contempt of court said Monday night he would not apologize for his actions during an October sentencing hearing.
Detention Officer Adam Stoddard was found in contempt in November for removing documents from a defense attorney Joanne Cuccia's file during a hearing for Antonio Lozano on Oct. 19, and Superior Court Judge Gary Donahoe ordered him to hold a press conference apologizing to Cuccia.
"I cannot and will not apologize for putting court safety first," Stoddard said.
On Tuesday morning, the Sheriff's Office was preparing for the possibility that Stoddard would report to jail.
Tom Liddy, an attorney from Maricopa County's civil division representing the Sheriff's Office, said he was trying to get clarification on Donahoe's ruling, which requires Stoddard to report to jail by Dec. 1 � which representatives from the Sheriff's Office and Superior Courts took to mean midnight. If Stoddard fails to report, the order stipulates that a warrant will be issued for his arrest. Liddy filed a motion to stay Donahoe's order pending the outcome of an appeal, but Donahoe denied that motion on Monday afternoon.
Stoddard testified earlier this month that he saw words on the documents that made him think Cuccia's client posed a threat to security in the courtroom.
"I saw a document that I had not yet screened and that raised security issues," he said. "I retrieved that document in plain sight and had court personnel copy it to preserve it as evidence in case it was a security breach. It was a split second decision and I do not regret my actions."
Donahoe heard three days of testimony from Stoddard, Cuccia and another deputy on duty with Stoddard during the Oct. 19 sentencing hearing before finding Stoddard in contempt on Nov. 17 and giving the officer until the end of the month to apologize to Cuccia.
"Judge Donahoe has ordered me to feel something I do not," Stoddard said. "He has ordered me to say something I cannot. The judge has therefore put me in a position where I must lie or go to jail. I will not lie."
The Denver Broncos have fortunately not had to cut many players from their active roster this season, but as decision time nears today on center J.D. Walton, they may need to part with one of their own.
The NFL deadline for activating players from the physically unable to perform list is a bit confusing, but basically a team has three weeks (post their sixth game of the season) from which they have a window to practice a player who has been on the PUP and make a decision on whether to activate him or shut him down. This season November 12th is the date that players must begin practicing, but Walton started practicing October 22nd. That makes today the decision day for the Broncos.
Not much is known about Walton's progress, mainly because the media has backed off of Denver's perceived weakness at offensive line from the beginning of the season. The Broncos offensive line has been able to sustain the loss of All Pro Ryan Clady and a missed game by Orlando Franklin.
Peyton Manning has been sacked 11 times in 2013, that is the second least in the NFL this season. FootballOutsiders.com ranked Denver's offensive line as first in pass blocking and sixth in run blocking at the midway point of the season.
So the possible return of Walton is troubling in two ways, one the Broncos don't seem to have an overwhelming need for him (what would the team do with Manny Ramirez?) and two the team would need to cut a current member of their 53-man roster.
Most concerning for Walton has to be that he is in the final season of his contract, so personally he'll likely want to play this season. Playing this season could risk further injury, Walton has played in four games since 2011. However, as fans of the Broncos have seen this year-- literally anything can happen.
UPDATE (11/5 1:02 MST):
The Denver Post's Mike Klis has tweeted that guard John Moffitt did not show up to the facility today and that he is frustrated about playing time:
Elix Mobile — Loan Requests Demo
ELIX Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 4, 2017
This week's update takes a look at some of the newest features we've implemented in the Elix mobile lending app. Most notably, we've integrated the app's front-end with the lending contract on an Ethereum testnet chain. The app is able to quickly retrieve and send information to the blockchain, and is demonstrated in the video we've taken to show these updates. Most of the data is no longer dummy data, and is data that is being retrieved live, directly from the test blockchain.
We started by linking the public feed to the most recent loan requests. For each loan request, the public feed shows borrower and lender addresses, as well as loan lengths and amounts. We also created a request page that allows borrowers to specify the lender and amount. The lender address can also be chosen by using the QR scanning functionality, or can be chosen from a contact's list in a future update. Once the request is pushed, it's added to the testnet blockchain and is shown in the public feed upon refreshing. We demonstrate this in the video below:
We'll continue to build out our MVP and link more functions to the app frontend this week. We look forward to sharing our progress with you. In the meantime, be sure to checkout our website as well as connect to our social media on Reddit, Twitter, Discord, and Telegram. If you have any questions, let us know and we'd be glad to help clear things up!
Prepare for the arrival of Krieg the Psycho — the new playable character for Borderlands 2, releasing May 14 — with special in-game events from May 10 through the end of May 13!
The Bandits of Pandora can feel one of their own approaching and have ramped up the production of Bandit gear accordingly, so expect to see an increase in Bandit gear drops when playing Borderlands 2 while connected to the internet. But watch out! Reports suggest an increased population of Badass Psychos in Lynchwood, A Thousand Cuts and Eridium Blight.
To learn more about Krieg, check out the hands-on previews at Game Informer, Rev3, DLCentral, NBC News and IGN as well as tune in to the 2K and Gearbox livestream on Monday, May 13 at 3PM CT (What time is that for me?) at twitch.tv/2k
The Russian news media, which often push the agenda of President Vladimir Putin, have said little about the accusations that Russia hacked the Democratic Party in an attempt to influence the U.S. presidential election.
Thousands of hacked internal emails between Democratic officials were made public by WikiLeaks on the eve of the party's national convention. The most inflammatory among them indicated that Democratic National Committee officials including Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz were aiding the campaign of Hillary Clinton while Bernie Sanders was still a contender.
Citing computer experts, a top Clinton campaign official said Russia was behind the leak. The autocratic Putin is said to prefer Republican candidate Donald Trump, who among other things has implied that the U.S. is not automatically obligated to defend its NATO allies from a military attack.
In Russia, the story has received little mention by the state-controlled media, except when it's repeating government denials.
News reports reviewed by CNBC on Russia's state run NTV and Rossiya-1 indicated that not much, if any, attention was paid to the DNC leaks. Monday evening newscasts focused on the Olympics, energy issues and recent shootings in Florida and Germany.
When they have covered the DNC leaks, the Russian media have taken the official Kremlin line as reiterated by Putin's press secretary, Dmitry Peskov.
Peskov has vehemently denied accusations that the Russians were behind the DNC hack, saying "I am completely ruling out the possibility that the government or any government agencies were tied to this."
While the Left was responsible for flight of industries from West Bengal, when they began the process for a change in their industrial outlook, they were dislodged, Nobel laureate Amartya Sen commented on Wednesday.
"Now they (Left) are rightly thinking about the industrialization in West Bengal. But once there were many industries in this state. (And) They (Left) must admit they had major role in sad state of those industries. When they started thinking over some changes, they were removed from power," Sen rued at a function organised by his Pratichi (India) trust.
"I think that even in Leftist thoughts there are many flaws. Without applying reasons it was often decided what to do or what not to do. This way problems came up," he said.
Sen was speaking at the concluding session of the 14th Annual Workshop on Child health at Bolpur organized by Pratichi.
Sen was also unsparing towards the ruling BJP at the Centre contending that nothing positive could be expected from the present dispensation.
"Any such expectation would be nothing but daydream ( akash kusum kalpana )," he remarked.
Israeli military aircraft have launched three airstrikes in the northwestern part of the Gaza Strip as the Tel Aviv regime goes ahead with its acts of aggression against the besieged Palestinian coastal territory, local sources say.
Local sources, speaking on condition of anonymity, said an Israeli combat drone had struck a military site in al-Sudaniya district on Saturday afternoon, completely destroying the building, Arabic-language Wafa news agency reported.
An Israeli F-16 fighter jet fired two missiles into the same area shortly afterward. No immediate reports of casualties were available though.
The developments came only a few hours after Israeli battle tanks fired three rounds of shell at a site northwest of Gaza City and another target in Beit Lahia city. No injuries were reported.
Earlier, Israeli media outlets claimed a locally-made rocket had been fired from the Gaza Strip, and landed in an open area in southern Israeli-occupied territories, causing no damage or injuries.
The Israeli military frequently bombs the Gaza Strip, with civilians being the main target of such attacks.
On March 16, Israeli military aircraft targeted areas west of Dayr al-Balah city in the central Gaza Strip, and an empty patch of agricultural land east of Gaza City. No injuries were reported.
Israeli F-16 jets also bombed Shuja'iyya neighborhood in Gaza City, causing power outages across the area.
Read more:
On March 9, Israeli shells slammed into the southern Gaza Strip city of Khan Yunis, al-Qararah town north of Khan Yunis and Dayr al-Balah, but there were no casualties.
At least four people sustained injuries on February 27 after Israeli fighter jets struck the Nahda neighborhood of the border town of Rafah.
The Gaza Strip has been under an Israeli siege since June 2007. The blockade has caused a decline in living standards as well as unprecedented unemployment and poverty.
Israel has also launched several wars on the Palestinian sliver, the last of which began in early July 2014. The Israeli military aggression, which ended on August 26, 2014, killed nearly 2,200 Palestinians. Over 11,100 others were also wounded in the war.
Nation's New Mayors Revive Big-City Liberalism
Enlarge this image toggle caption Seth Wenig/AP Seth Wenig/AP
Like all newly elected politicians, the class of mayors being sworn in as the year begins has made many grand promises.
From New York Mayor Bill de Blasio's pledge to provide universal pre-kindergarten classes, financed through taxes on wealthy individuals, to Seattle Mayor Ed Murray's push for a $15 minimum hourly wage, their agenda looks decidedly liberal.
New mayors in cities such as Boston, Minneapolis and Pittsburgh have also been talking about the importance of racial inclusion and the need to address income inequality.
De Blasio's election, in particular, along with the near-extinction of Republican mayors of big cities (the largest city with a Republican mayor is Indianapolis), has prompted reams of commentary about a revival of big-city liberalism.
"It's not news that there are Democrats being elected in major American cities," says Dan McGrath, executive director of TakeAction Minnesota, a progressive social justice organization. "It is news that there's a new brand of progressive Democrats being elected in these cities that are pushing a different agenda than we've seen in the past."
Still, there are reasons to think liberals might end up being disappointed. There have been plenty of progressive mayors elected over the past 20 years, but most of them have been more managerial in approach — concerned primarily with budgets and public safety — than ideological.
The "reality of managing" will inevitably force the new city hall leaders to compromise, says Amy Liu, co-director of the Brookings Metropolitan Policy Program.
"Most mayors in the country are Democrats who have mostly been governing from a stand that's more pragmatic than ideological, and I think that's going to continue to be the case," Liu says. "For the most part, they're not tackling the more polarizing issues that might be harder to get done."
Being Held Responsible
Members of Congress have to vote on everything, but they can focus on any pet cause of their choice, whether it's hunger, banking regulation or public transportation.
Mayors, by contrast, have to worry about everything. And they can't just talk — they have to deliver basic services such as parks, police and fire protection.
"The very nature of being a mayor requires pragmatism," says Marc Morial, the president of the National Urban League and a former mayor of New Orleans. "Mayors have to do more than wax eloquent and wax ideological on issues — they have to deliver."
Even from de Blasio, there has been recognition that delivering on basic services may be a bigger priority than pursuing broad policy change, as signaled by his choice of William Bratton as police chief, explains Vincent Cannato, a University of Massachusetts Boston historian who has studied New York City mayors.
"If crime goes up, if snow isn't plowed, he's going to get blamed and it's going to discredit whatever else he wants to do," says Cannato, the author of The Ungovernable City: John Lindsay and His Struggle to Save New York.
Operating Under Limits
There's only so much a mayor can do to bring about societal change. Many of the sweeping social problems these mayors are talking about, such as wealth disparity, can't be cured within the limits of one city's boundaries.
Even on local issues, mayors are having to compromise. In an era of constrained resources, mayors are collaborating with private sector players not just on development projects but basic services such as crime prevention. That means their approaches have to be more pragmatic and market-oriented than ideological, says Liu, the Brookings senior fellow.
"By virtue of needing a whole bunch of partners, which is what most of these mayors need, they're going to be somewhat constrained by having to find common ground," says James Brooks, a program director with the National League of Cities.
In de Blasio's case, his hopes for funding universal pre-k depends on agreement from state officials in Albany on raising taxes, which they appear to have little appetite to do.
Still, education is an area where de Blasio can make good on his rhetoric about addressing poverty and inequity, suggests Richard Kahlenberg, a senior fellow at the liberal Century Foundation.
The mayor's skepticism about charter schools has already drawn criticism from Republicans, notably House Majority Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia.
"For the past decade or so, school reform has been defined essentially as being an effort that challenges the unions," Kahlenberg says. "Someone like de Blasio has a chance to really redefine what it means to be an education reformer."
A Voice For Change
Mayors in recent years have not shied away from lending their voices to liberal causes such as gun control and same-sex marriage. Morial, the National Urban League president, says the new group can do a lot more.
De Blasio not only won control of the nation's largest city and media capital, Morial points out, but "won big."
"That is an affirmation to him that the public wants to see this generation of mayors address and be part of the debate about this issue of income inequality," Morial says, suggesting the mayors can add their voices to a chorus that includes President Obama and Pope Francis.
"This issue is now being discussed much more openly and by more people than I've seen in many generations," he says.
Not every mayor just coming to office ran on a platform of progressive change. Among those who did, some won more due to the weakness of their opponents or quirks of their campaigns than popular demands for liberal action.
But the fact that many of the most high-profile mayors are talking about income disparities and minimum wage hikes shows that their deepest impulses are progressive in nature.
All mayors have to collaborate, says McGrath, the TakeAction Minnesota director. The question is whom they choose to collaborate with.
He notes that Betsy Hodges, the new mayor of Minneapolis, has made a point to engage with people of color and immigrants who are "not considered traditional power players in City Hall.
"I'm absolutely heartened by the fact that there's a lot more talk about the problem of wealth inequality in our world," McGrath says. "I'm even more heartened that there are elected leaders like Betsy not just paying it lip service but creating and aligning grassroots movements to make change."
President Trump got a royal, red-carpet welcome to Saudi Arabia on Saturday, where he was greeted at the airport by King Salman.
Trump shook hands with the Saudi king—a stark contrast to former President Obama, who bowed to Salman in 2009.
Saudi Arabia is the first stop on Trump's whirlwind nine-day foreign tour, which will include stops in Israel, the Vatican, Belgium and the G7 summit in Italy.
The president literally got the red-carpet treatment at the Riyadh airport, where the tarmac was lined with plush red carpets despite the 107-degree heat.
Gorgeous Ivanka and Melania Trump praised by Arab press: ‘Classy, conservative and elegant'
President Trump kicks off his trip abroad in Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. pic.twitter.com/K16nWegr31 — USA Association 🇺🇸 (@USAAssociation) May 20, 2017
Trump tweeted Saturday morning, saying he was looking forward to his stay.
Great to be in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad pic.twitter.com/JJOra0KfyR — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 20, 2017
Watch President Trump's arrival to Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, the first stop on his first foreign trip as president https://t.co/5AGV9ypwUG pic.twitter.com/YV1R97LxSG — CBS News (@CBSNews) May 20, 2017
Melania and Ivanka Trump accompanied the president, and made a statement by not covering their hair—which is almost unheard of in oppressive Saudi Arabia, where women must cover their heads in a hijab or niqab.
Hillary Clinton wore a headscarf during her visits to Saudi Arabia as secretary of state, where she bowed to a Saudi prince.
https://twitter.com/CitizenAnalyst/status/865881386670010368
https://twitter.com/CitizenAnalyst/status/865878716160892928
How Trump greeted Saudi Arabia's fake king versus how Obama/Hillary did. Also, Melania Trump has no Hijab👋#Riyadh @POTUS #FlashbackFriday pic.twitter.com/5uRwZHVumM — Trump vs. Globalism (@chrisk2000) May 20, 2017
Despite the mainstream media narrative that President Trump has alienated our Muslim allies with his tough stance on Islamic terrorism, he was treated like a king all around Riyadh, where photos of Trump and the American flag were prominently displayed.
The Ritz-Carlton Hotel projected a stunning five-story portrait of Trump on the side of its building.
looks like promotion for a prize fight
[Trump's Riyadh hotel tonight, via @JenniferJJacobs] pic.twitter.com/PxiqYRSLYB — Philip Gourevitch (@PGourevitch) May 19, 2017
These signs are omnipresent along the highways in Riyadh pic.twitter.com/cDuFY6xKr0 — Jonathan Lemire (@JonLemire) May 19, 2017
Trump flashed me a thumbs up as he rode the gold escalator up to his first overseas adventure. pic.twitter.com/3H9QZben7n — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) May 20, 2017
On Sunday, President Trump spoke before the leaders of 50 Muslim-majority nations and urged them to do more to fight radical Islamic terrorism. Trump also called on leaders in the Middle East to “drive out terrorists from your places of worship.”
Sexy Melania gets the ‘side-eye' as she outshines fellow NATO first ladies – she can't help it!
After Saudi Arabia, the president will make a stop in Israel, followed by a visit with Pope Francis at the Vatican, culminating with his first appearance at the G7 Summit in Italy next week.
version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"? BIRMINGHAM
On my first trip to Birmingham, I spent the entire visit pursuing Ruben Studdard and Taylor Hicks, the local songbirds who won “American Idol” in 2002 and 2006, respectively. On my second trip, nearly a dozen years later, I was too busy following the rising star of the Magic City to obsess over fallen reality stars. Since Jefferson County crawled out of bankruptcy, Alabama's largest city has revitalized several derelict neighborhoods, earned more recognition from the James Beard Foundation for its chefs and earned a national-monument designation for its Birmingham Civil Rights District — one of President Barack Obama's last acts in office. “I have seen more movement and excitement in the last five years than I have in my entire 20 years here,” Ford Wiles, chief creative officer of Big Communications, told me outside a downtown bar one recent weekday morning. Of course, I had to ask Wiles whatever happened to Birmingham's Idols. Hicks, I learned, co-owns a barbecue joint and Studdard frequents Cheesecake Factory. Maybe next time, or maybe not.
You're going where? A monthly series highlighting the best vacation destinations you've probably never considered. Other locations include: Columbus, Scottsdale and Ann Arbor. Key: Go Eat Shop Stay Explore See all Text here
Go
Local Faves
At 1Red Mountain Park 1Red Mountain Park Google Map: 2011 Frankfurt Dr. Website: redmountainpark.org (205) 202-6043 , if you get red dust on your sneakers, don't wipe it off: That's iron ore, proof that you left your prints on the former mining site. The mountain, which is part of the Appalachians, has stormed back to life as a vertical playground, with 15 miles of hiking and biking trails, a trio of treehouses, a 1,000-foot-long zip line and an aerial adventure course seemingly built by a team of mischievous monkeys.
[Bloodletting, voodoo and opium: New Orleans museum spotlights medical methods of the past]
Birmingham claims the largest number of living Negro League players. So it makes sense that the 2Negro Southern League Museum 2Negro Southern League Museum Google Map: 120 16th St. S. Website: birminghamnslm.org (205) 581-3040 opened its doors here, mere steps from Regions Field, home of the Birmingham Barons. (One famous alum: Michael Jordan. Yes, that MJ.) “Baseball was more than just a game for African Americans,” said director Natasha L. Rogers. “It provided a much-needed social outlet.” Practice hitting with legendary pitcher Satchel Paige, whose hologram throws a wicked hurry-up ball.
The 56-foot-tall, 113-year-old Vulcan statue lords over the land at Vulcan Park and Museum in Birmingham, Ala. Sloss Furnaces closed in 1971, but the National Historic Landmark survives as a cultural center with metal-making workshops. O'Neal Shelton, left, who once played in Birmingham's Industrial League, visits the Negro Southern League Museum. (Caleb Chancey/For The Washington Post)
Guidebook Musts
You can spot the Roman god at 3Vulcan Park and Museum 3Vulcan Park and Museum Google Map: 1701 Valley View Dr. Website: visitvulcan.com (205) 933-1409 from 360 degrees of Birmingham, his CrossFit arm raising a spear as if he were planning to carve his name in the sky. At the 10-acre park, climb 159 steps or ride the elevator for a closer glimpse of the 56-foot-tall stud — a hand, a derriere. In the museum, learn about the world's largest cast-iron statue that still turns heads more than 110 years later.
[Zappos's CEO is helping revitalize downtown Las Vegas. He took me on a whirlwind tour.]
The 32-acre 4Sloss Furnaces 4Sloss Furnaces Google Map: 20 32nd St. N. Website: slossfurnaces.com (205) 254-2025 no longer spews burning slag or paints the sky apocalyptic red. But on a self-guided tour, I still reflexively ducked as I passed boilers and hot blast stoves that, for 90 years, churned limestone, coke and iron ore into a fiery brew. The National Historic Landmark, which closed in 1971, is now a cultural center with metal-arts workshops, concerts and an annual festival. (This year's headliner: Alabama Shakes.) And though you can no longer buy pig iron, the gift shop does sell iron pigs.
Eat
Local Faves
5Ovenbird 5Ovenbird Google Map: 2810 3rd Ave. S. Website: ovenbirdrestaurant.com (205) 957-6686 , the second Birmingham restaurant opened by James Beard Award-winner Chris Hastings, is inspired by the cooking techniques of cave men. The kitchen does not use gas or electric to prepare its small plates, just open fire. The staff pulls a surprising array of foods out of the oven, plancha, smoke box and spit-roaster, including sunchoke paella, braised goat, suckling pig and a beef-fat candle that will further ignite your culinary flame.
[What road movies tell us about travel — and ourselves]
The menu at 6the Collins Bar 6The Collins Bar Google Map: 2125 2nd Ave. N. Website: thecollinsbar.com (205) 323-7995 basically tells guests that there is no menu: “We tailor-make our cocktails,” it reads. The bartenders ask a series of questions, such as whether you prefer light or dark liquor and where you fall on the sweet-to-sour scale. Based on my responses, Josh Schaff matched me with a Gin Gin Mule. While you wait for your bespoke beverage, study the periodic table that pays homage to the science of Birmingham: Stl stands for Steel, Cv is for Civil Rights and Tx represents Taylor Hicks.
7Pizitz Food Hall 7Pizitz Food Hall Google Map: 1821 2nd Ave. N. Website: thepizitz.com/food-hall (205) 939-3111 exemplifies global equality; lunch lines are equally long for gourmet Italian cheese sandwiches, Hawaiian poke, Israeli falafel, Mexican paletas and Southern waffles. If you spill your lunch on your shirt, pick up a “It's Nice to Have You in Birmingham” T-shirt from Yellowhammer Creative. Opt for the dark blue if you plan to go back for seconds.
Collins Bar features a Periodic Table of Elements highlighting Birmingham people, places and historic moments. Executive chef Frank Stitt, right, a James Beard Award-winner, watches chef de cuisine Zack Redes plate a dish at Highlands Bar and Grill. The seafood paella at Ovenbird, the second Birmingham restaurant opened by James Beard Award-winner Chris Hastings. (Caleb Chancey/For The Washington Post)
Guidebook Musts
8Highlands Bar and Grill 8Highlands Bar and Grill Google Map: 2011 11th Ave. S. Website: highlandsbarandgrill.com (205) 939-1400 , a dining destination since 1982, transports France to the American South, marrying je ne sais quoi with a bit of y'all. The Frank Stitt establishment captures the spirit of a brasserie with chic vintage posters and a marble bar that serves oysters harvested from Alabama to New Brunswick. The menu changes daily, but the stone-ground baked grits always make a grand appearance.
The tomato salad at 9Hot and Hot Fish Club 9Hot and Hot Fish Club Google Map: 2180 11th Court S. Website: hotandhotfishclub.com (205) 933-5474 is so popular, the restaurant hires one guy solely to prepare the seasonal dish. (Diners, mark your calendars for early April.) The 21-year-old eatery, which occupies a former pool hall, follows the gospel of micro-seasonality. One day, you'll see shad roe or crawfish or ramps on the menu; the next day, the flash-on-the-plate ingredient is gone till the next harvest.
[What road movies tell us about travel — and ourselves]
Shop
Local Faves
Daniel Drinkard cast an eye over the rows of bins at 10Seasick Records 10Seasick Records Google Map: 5508 Crestwood Blvd. Website: seasickbham.com (205) 677-3166 and made a quick calculation: about 8,000 records, equally divided between new and used. For the obsessed collector, the shop sells indie-exclusive colored vinyl; Ryan Adams's red version of “Prisoner” recently flew out the door. Musicians occasionally perform on a shoebox stage in the back, and a pair of barbers cut hair by the front window, the buzz of the shaver adding an unexpected wall of sound.
At 11Club Duquette 11Club Duquette Google Map: 17 55th Place S. Website: instagram.com/clubduquette/ (205) 202-4647 , Duquette and Morgan Johnston, a musician-and-artist couple, have elevated the mom-and-pop (and toddler) shop to a stylish boutique. Copycat their aesthetic with a graphic T-shirt emblazoned with such insider-Birmingham phrases as “Surf East Lake,” a customized vintage military jacket with handmade patches or an oil essence that is blended on the premises and could become your Proustian fragrance.
Seasick Records is home to about 8,000 vinyl LPs, as well as Newman's Classic Cuts barbershop. Charm, a downtown jewelry and accessories store, specializes in whimsy. Club Duquette is a curated clothing boutique operated by a musician-and-artist couple. (Caleb Chancey/For The Washington Post)
Guidebook Musts
At 12Pepper Place 12Pepper Place Google Map: 1130 22nd St. S. Website: pepperplace.com (205) 802-2100 , a Dr Pepper sign reminds visitors of the site's original widgets. Today, the industrial complex houses restaurants, coffee shops and several home design and decor retailers. Atmosphere owner Barri Thompson can turn a suburban den into a sultan's lair with an Icelandic lambskin throw, a rope day bed from Indonesia and a gold LOVE painting by local artist Matt Underwood; Charlie Thigpen's Garden Gallery seeds a Beatrix Potter patch with Alabama crafts such as recycled-bottle wind charms and pottery pressed with leaves.
How deep would Chatham Hellmers dive for bling? “I would jump into a dumpster if I knew there was a rhinestone choker on the bottom,” she said. The New York native's store is brimming with vintage, homemade and statement pieces, such as a necklace that you could never don in polite company. The designer describes repurposed antique jewelry as “Victorian trash”; another collection resembles wearable steampunk art. 13Charm 13Charm Google Map: 2329 2nd Ave. N. Website: charmonsecond.com (205) 322-9023 is also a temple of rebirth. I left with hoop earrings that once rolled as bicycle inner tubes.
Stay
Local Fave
Spend the night in the elegant 14Empire Hotel 14Empire Hotel Google Map: 1928 1st Ave N. Website: empirebirmingham.com (513) 623-1257 , which is slated to open in a former bank in mid-April, and you can boast to your friends that you slept on the “heaviest corner on Earth.” The nickname, which was coined in the early 1900s, refers to four buildings on 20th Street and First Avenue North that were once deemed the tallest structures in the South. (The Empire tied with a neighbor at 16 stories.) However, the five-star restaurant on the ground floor and the casual dining spot on the roof might cause guests to reinterpret the meaning of “heavy.”
[From room service by robots to a loaner Porsche, hotels are upping the amenity ante]
A porter at the Redmont Hotel, the city's oldest, which reopened last March. One of the Redmont's claims to fame: Hank Williams spent his penultimate evening there. (Caleb Chancey/For The Washington Post)
Guidebook Must
Hank Williams spent the penultimate evening of his life at the 15Redmont Hotel 15Redmont Hotel Google Map: 2101 5th Ave N. Website: redmontbirmingham.com (205) 957-6828 , but his ghost might not recognize the property since it reopened last March. The city's oldest hotel has mod furnishings with a touch of sparkle, a rooftop bar with a record player and a lobby-level restaurant called Harvest. To conjure his spirit, I stood under the original early-20th-century chandelier and whispered my room number, just in case he was in town and needed a place to crash.
Explore
Local Fave
A mural on the wall reads, “It's Awesome to Have You in 16Avondale 16Avondale Website: forestparksouthavondale.com ,” but years ago, the message might have been more cautionary. The neighborhood's transformation started with the 2011 renovation of Avondale Park and has trickled up 41st Street. There's Saturn, a planetary-themed bar with board games, Sega and concerts; Post Office Pies, a wood-fired pizza joint in an old mail facility; and Fancy's on Fifth, an oyster-and-burger spot with Magic 8-Ball centerpieces. At Hot Diggity Dogs, step through a police phone booth and enter the Marble Ring, a speakeasy-style bar with Roaring Twenties swing.
[‘Ambassador of Americana' celebrates midcentury living with slide shows and city tours]
Fancy's on Fifth is one of the newest arrivals in the revitalized neighborhood of Avondale. Kelly Ingram Park is part of the Birmingham Civil Rights District, now a national monument. (Caleb Chancey/For The Washington Post)
Guidebook Must
Water hoses and attack dogs at Kelly Ingram Park. The tragic bombing at the 16th Street Baptist Church. The momentous arrival of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. The nonviolent movement that helped desegregate the city. It all happened here, in the 17Birmingham Civil Rights District 17Birmingham Civil Rights District Website: nps.gov/bicr (404) 507-5605 . The newly minted national monument comprises several pillars of the struggle for equality, including the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute and the A.G. Gaston Motel, which King used as his “war room.” Signs mark the protesters' route to City Hall, where “We Shall Overcome” still resonates more than a half-century later.
A woman who was filmed having sex with dogs at parties has been spared jail.
Carol Bowditch had sex with a St Bernard, a black Labrador and an Alsatian at parties where owners would watch women have sex with their dogs.
But the 64-year-old was spared jail at Lincoln Crown Court after claiming she did not realise it was illegal.
Carol Bowditch (left, outside Lincoln Crown Court) had sex with a St Bernard, a black Labrador and an Alsatian at parties where owners would watch women have sex with their dogs. Daniel Galloway (right) admitted aiding and abetting Bowditch to have intercourse with an animal
According to The Mirror, Bowditch's crimes came to light following an RAF Police investigation into the horrifying sex parties, which were advertised on a bestiality internet forum.
Women would have sex with dogs before having sex with their male owners.
When her home was searched police found a DVD and a USB stick containing film of her with dogs.
Victoria Rose, prosecuting, told Lincoln Crown Court: 'When the DVD was analysed it was found to contain extreme images.
'Those images portrayed persons committing penetrative sexual acts with dogs.
'Also included were images of this defendant herself carrying out sexual activity.
'Included was an eight minute and 59 seconds video of Mrs Bowditch engaging in vaginal and oral sex with a St Bernard dog named Oscar.
'When the defendant was interviewed she admitted she had penetrative sex with dogs.
'She accepted it had taken place over several years. She was unaware it was illegal.'
The court heard there were at least eight photographs of Bowditch having sex with dogs and some 30 moving images.
Bowditch, from Evedon in Lincolnshire, admitted a charge of having sexual intercourse with an animal between 13 November 2011 and 25 November 2014.
Lincoln Crown Court (pictured) heard that when Bowditch's home was searched police found a DVD and a USB stick containing film of her with dogs
She also admitted possession of 37 extreme pornographic images on 21 March 2016.
Daniel Galloway, 65, of the same address, admitted aiding and abetting Bowditch to have intercourse with an animal.
He also admitted charges of making indecent images of children, possession of a prohibited image of a child, distributing 1,861 indecent images of children and possession of extreme pornography.
His sentence was adjourned to a later date.
Her defence James Gray told the court: 'She is 64 and has no previous convictions.
'Both she and Mr Galloway have suffered considerable public humiliation. They have been ostracised by their friends and family.
'They have suffered that added element of punishment which in less salacious cases would not be present.'
Bowditch was given a community order with 12 months supervision and a 16 week night-time curfew.
The maximum she could have faced for having sex with a dog was a two year jail sentence.
Judge Michael Heath told Bowditch: 'What you engaged in was first of all unlawful and secondly disgusting.
'I am told that you have received public humiliation as a result of the publicity that this case has attracted. That does not surprise me.'
Alright. Show is over. Everyone leaves. Fuck. Look at the time. It's mid-February. Enough being hazy headed from the end of the year, it's time to stop lollygagging and get back into whatever swing you were in and get going. Go on. Get moving. No more rubbernecking. Back to the grind ladies and gentlemen. The name of the game is recent metal and I expect some amazing releases in the future. Already we have had a frightening Portal record and by the look of it, I can hazard a guess a couple more will give us a run for our money. Jesus, how many working class colloquialisms and mundane vernacular can I possibly fit into this opening paragraph? If you got time to lean, you got time to clean.
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
Darkthrone – The Underground Resistence
And Darkthrone sneaks in at the 11th hour. That´s alright Darkthrone, go straight to the front of the line. Unlike most new black metal acts, which challenge and deconstruct the genre, Darkthrone has the unique position to be a part of an older generation and thus allowed to run around like an old codger hitting on young ladies and making inaaporpirate remarks about her breasts. The band, since the early 90's, have released a consistent yet odd series of albums embracing elements not typical of their peers. Crust punk, first wave black metal, sardonic humor all make their way into Darkthrones's spell book, which is actually just a binder with loose leaf papers shoved inside. What now Darkthrone? How about traditional heavy metal with a strong influence of Mercyful Fate? I think the theme of this article is going to be “why not.” In December of last year, I made a resolution to “get more into Darkthrone.” I know it is sort of silly to say that but I am glad I have such an easy and fantastic album to help me towards my goal.
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
Hate – Solarflesh
Alright Poland. Let's fucking do this. If one is familiar with the Polish blackened death metal band Behemoth, Hate, will not be that far of a distance traveled. In fact, I think these two live on the same block. In fact, this block scares the living shit out of me. It's covered from street corner to street corner with goat carcasses. It smells awful. Hate, also from Poland, does a tremendous job at bringing a dynamic and cinematic brand of death metal that swirls, dips, and dives through fathoms of earth and rubble. Their sound, which is abrasive, manages to make itself accessible for people wanting to drop down tiers of brutality. I mean where else are you going to hear soaring guitar solos and the exploitative use of “ov” in place of the common preposition? Nowhere I tell you. The flies. The flies are the worse at the intersection of Hate and Behemoth.
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
Lightning Swords of Death
It is times like this where I feel that I needed to be informed of a band's existence long before this time. Lightning Swords of Death are a black/thrash band from Los Angeles with a high sense of fashion as well as a devotion to evil. Everything I said in that last sentence is reason enough to buy this record. In lieu of traditional song structures, the band heavily leans on atmosphere and attitude in music that sounds like a sled ride down the devil's mountain. Does it work? Well, take a look at this video with the band wearing sunglasses flanked by naked cult members and then talk to me. Lightning Swords of Deaths took me by surprise and very much are strengthened by their self aware aesthetic of evil. Take this and combine it with a pretty advanced mixture of black/death and one has a fun band for the not so faint of heart. Even stripped to its core, the band's sound is engaging and frightening. My Lord, where can I get a t-shirt?
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
Nails- Abandon All Life
Nails. Fuck yeah. Chew glass and spit concrete between broken teeth. Oh God. Why did you eat glass? That was a terrible idea. Ahh fuck this album is only 17 minutes but I want to choke a couch to fucking death after hearing it. Somewhere between hardcore, crust, dbeat, and that murderous rage that comes when you stub your toe lies Nails — a terrible outfit from California signed to Southern Lord. Much like their label mates, Nails shares the same grime ridden hallowed existence as Black Breathe, Baptists, Enabler, and All Pigs Must Die. Nails in comparison is pretty ferocious. It must be strange for a band whose critics all praise them with metaphors likening their music to being hit in the face with glass. Fuck that couch. Seriously.
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
Joel Grind – Yellowgoat Sessions
Joel Grind is the self titled solo project for Toxic Holocaust's frontman Joel Grind. Toxic holocaust, for the longest time, was a one-man black/thrash act concerned with hell and death. Following the addition of bandmates, as well as a fanstic 2011 release Conjure and Command, the once isolated frontman has been branching out and experimenting with more solo work. Joel Grind's newest direction? Hell and Satan in the vein of old Toxic Holocaust. Well, at least I am ready for it. As I will never understand the kooky ways of musicians, I will never understand why the Yellowgoast Sessions, the first record from Joel Grind, is any different than pre-2008 Toxic Holocaust. Does any of this take away from The Yellowgoat Sessions being a pretty decent black/thrash record full of energy and fun? Of course not. Just let me complain some more. Locked, cocked, and ready to rock, Joel Grind is everything you expect without any disappointment. Thrash for evil. Satan rides bitch this time.
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
Abyssal – Novit enim Dominus qui sunt eius
Genre: black/death/doom
Lyrical themes: Oppression decay
Abyssal, from England, is fresh in my mind for two things. One is a pants wetting atmosphere of abstract death metal and the other is having one of the coolest, but also pants wetting, promo picture. It's important to note that it is not this Abyssal. I just got over the newest Portal record and now its English cousin, which sounds more dynamic and dangerous, comes in and slits my throat with overgrown yet razor sharp fingernails. Complicated time structures. Vocals murmured through a blanket of fog. What in the hell has been growing under this rock? This is gross. If one enjoys the elongation of metal into the realms of the angular and metaphysical, please travel up to that decrepit house on the top of the hill and conjure its spectral residents. Go ahead, I dare you. Soon we are going to have to talk about all of this trans-dimensional death that has been appearing on cold and hopeless nights.
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
Enforcer – Death by Fire
You see? You thought this was going to be all doom and gloom. Like a diamond eagle rising from the ashes of forgotten speed metal comes Enforcer. Once on Earache records and now on Nuclear Blast, Swedish act Enforcer has come to offer a sacrifice to a god that requires songs about fighting, women, and metal. Why not? Enforcer came to great attention following two successful releases, which radiate old power/speed metal. It could be 1985 all over again if you close your eyes and hold your breathe. Despite the band being a complete throwback in terms of sound, style, and logo design, the choice to resurrect old speed metal is admirable and is executed with precision and grace. The guitar solos are competent, the vocals hit all the right notes, and I can't help but smile through the entire thing. Why the hell not. Hand me that denim jacket and chain. We fight with fury tonight.
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
Caladan Brood – Echoes of Battle
Search Caladan Brood. First entry. Malazan wiki. This is going to be good. Caladan Brood is the name of a character from the ultra dense fantasy series Malazan Book of the Fallen. Caladan Brood is also the name of a Utah based act that has made it their lot in life to recreate stories and situations from the fantasy series with the atmosphere of epic folk influenced black metal. The band's debut Echoes of Battle retains a special charm shared with a council of other geeky metal bands including Bal Sagoth, Summoning, Bolt Thrower, Blind Guardian, and The Lord Weird Slough Feg. In fact, the use of heavy keyboards puts Caladan Brood in an apprenticeship with Summoning, which never becomes too dark to be inaccessible or too soft to be absurd. This may be an unfair assessment as I once believed in the existence of gnomes. Laugh now. I'll show all of you. Caladan Brood hits a great stride between literary devotion and deep escapism which is perfect for rainy Fridays spent at home with a thick book that contains a detailed map in front. Of course I was going to like this. Was there ever any doubt?
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
SVN OKKLT Compilation
This is it. You remember all those jokes about lo-fi black metal recorded in tool sheds? This is it. Get your giggles out now because there will be no funny business inside. Svn Okklt is either a dark congregation or record label that specializes in raw underground black metal. The bands on Svn Okklt follow an orthodox path of music, which is isolationist and bordering on anti-existence. If anyone needed a reminder that this type of music still existed Svn Okklt is here to remind. You. All joking aside, the record label puts out decent work and has recently released a fantastic two cassette compilation with 11 shut up you have never heard them before bands. As much as one can rib this style of music, they are the ones making cassettes and giving them out for next to nothing. This release is available for pay what you want through another fantastic label Fallen Empire records. Stop your giggling and start listening. You can start making fun of it when you make a record label and disseminate your music for free.
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
Hopelorn – From Withered Branches
Sweden. Dbeat. Crust. Necropunk? Sure why not. Hopelorn is the work of Rami Stålnacke who seems to be using his one-man project, Hopelorn, as an aggressive statement against real life conflicts. The project's third record comes with a statement of intent:
A self-indulgent but temporary shift in sound to explore more epic, triumphant moods, this is a concept album about rising back up from a downward spiral and fighting on. Fuck your gods, fuck your system, and most of all, fuck you”
Along with the shift in mood comes a stylistic shift from the very dismal crust to a very fierce atmospheric black metal with a rich lo-fi sound. Whatever seems to be eating this creator has paid off as Hopelorn's sound is chaotic and emotional. I wonder what will happen next. Maybe it's all meditative new age after this. Ha, I'm just joking. You seem upset but it sounds great.
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
Sangre Y Tierra – Cobarde
Raw black metal devoted to the lyrical themes of the indigenous people of the Caribbean. Sure. Where are they from? Massachusetts? Why in the hell not? As odd as Sangre Y Tierra's lyrical themes appear to be, this act's ability to skip the traditional doom and gloom of black metal is interesting. All of this comes from the Puerto Rico born musician Marvin Quinones who seem to play his concerts without shoes or a shirt. You wanted interesting. Here you go. Get on it. We seem to be heading into YouTube territory now in the less than 500 views waters. Steer forward servants. The Cobarde release is also segmented by drone tracks which merely provide a respite between the engulfing raw black metal. Sangre Y Tierra is uncompromising and sometimes otherworldly in vocal delivery. All of this may or may not come barefoot and shirtless.
—————————————————————————————————————————————–
Unbowed – Unbowed
Melodic death / melodic black from the cold lands of Canada. Shit. Why the hell not? Whatever Unbowed lacks in big studio production, the band makes up for with a very genuine execution of atmosphere and emotion. The band is still, as of yet, unsigned and sits as an exciting ore still un-mined from the hills of melodic death. I always like to end recent releases with a specific recommendation. While bands like Lightning Swords of Death and Hate are just as good, it is important to put the majority of your attention and money into upcoming acts. It's a part of the metal economy. The money will trickle up if you invest in independent bands. Metalnomics.
So I'm gearing up to write a "Howto Raspberry Pi with Perl" multi-chapter tutorial, and as I finalize a few last things, I thought I'd put together how all of the software is laid out and is continuously tested.
The RPi::WiringPi distribution is essentially a class that provides access to external sub distributions, and provides several benefits such as maintaining a registry of in-use GPIO pins, and ensuring your Pi is cleaned up back to default on exit, or if an error or signal is caught. The sub modules do none of those things.
I use the automation and dispatching capabilities of my Test::BrewBuild software to handle the test management. This software runs your unit tests on any/all Perlbrew and/or Berrybrew installed instances, with the ability to dispatch your test requests over the network to remote machines. I'm not getting into those details, just know I use the bbtester binary to listen for test requests, and the bbdispatch binary to send them, both on the same Raspberry Pi hardware.
So, I have my base hardware platform layout (full image here, real-world pic here):
I'll explain a couple of things. First, there are no "sensors" or the like being tested. I test the core aspects that do sensor work.
I'll start from top-left to top-right, circle down to bottom-right, then go back left. Top-right is an Arduino Uno. It's sole purpose is to test the I2C communication functionality, which is provided by the RPi::I2C distribution. There's a basic hardware-emulation Arduino sketch that presents a hardware-like situation, to allow testing of base I2C functions.
Next we have the Pi. I don't have the pins connected exactly like this, but this was the easiest method to portray it. Below to the bottom right, there's a 74HC595 shift register, which effectively turns three GPIO pins into eight, and can be cascaded four times, for a total of 32 extra GPIO using only three physical GPIO on the board. I have only one here for testing.
To the left of that is an MCP4922 Digital-to-Analog converter (DAC), which takes a single digital input, and translates that into two analog outputs. RPi::WiringPi provides the RPi::MCP4922 object for this.
Then we've got an MCP3008 Analog-to-Digital converter (ADC), which does the opposite of the DAC, it provides eight analog inputs that can be read through a single digital channel. RPi::WiringPi handles this via the RPi::ADC::MCP3008 distribution.
Then, next to that, the blue "breakout" is another ADC, the ADS1115 by Adafruit, which has four analog inputs (compared to the MCP3008 above which has eight). This is an I2C device, so it provides me further testing in that manner, and its also used for reading Pulse Width Modulation (PWM) testing from the Pi itself, and for the servo() method built into RPi::WiringPi . It's fronted by the RPi::ADC::ADS distribution.
To the breadboard left of the ADS1115 is a two row, 16 column LCD, managed by RPi::LCD. This distribution can handle both the 16x2 and 20x4 models. The purpose of this hardware is to test the output, but also displays overall test output provided by the Test::BrewBuild distribution, as it has a small hack in it specifically to do this not just for the RPi::WiringPi dist, but any distribution you send to the Test::BrewBuild tester.
Now, to how things are tested. First, I start the tester in auto mode:
bbtester start -a
That puts the test listener in the background as a service (although this is Unix, it also works on Windows), then I bbdispatch an automated test run to that tester, specifying the rpi-wiringpi Github repository in the most simplistic of ways (putting this in crontab is the way to go). I've got a single Perl instance installed, and the result line will repeat continuously when run from the CLI (default is wait 60 seconds between run checks). In the bbtester start line above, it will check Github to see if any new commits have been pushed, and only run the tests if there's been an update:
bbdispatch -t localhost -r stevieb9/rpi-wiringpi -a 5.24.1 :: PASS
...install a couple more perls on the Pi:
brewbuild -i 5.26.0,5.16.3
Stop the dispatcher, and restart it:
bbdispatch -t localhost -r stevieb9/rpi-wiringpi -a 5.16.3 :: PASS 5.24.1 :: PASS 5.26.0 :: PASS
The Test::BrewBuild software is much more capable than these simple examples, but I digress. What I will say that running bbdispatch with the --rpi flag allows you to test any distribution (that's available on Github), and have your output displayed on an LCD screen (including date/time, PASS/FAIL, run count as well as the commit sum).
I run this setup 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and against eight versions of Perl, the Pi hardware test platform can do about 16-20 passes an hour (in a mode that tests regardless if new commits have been pushed).
Both the bbtester and bbdispatch software have extensive logging, and both can be run in "foreground" mode, particularly for troubleshooting. Here's a full-blown example of the dispatcher output, and the tester output.
I have not enabled debug levels for the actual brewbuild command which is the command that actually does the testing (called from within bbtester ), as this output will be long enough for this example. In this run, I'm using the --csum flag to bbtester , so it tests on each pass, even if a new commit hasn't been pushed.
The bbdispatch debug output:
bbdispatch -t localhost -r stevieb9/rpi-wiringpi -a -d 7 --rpi [2017-08-17 18:29:44.231][lvl 5][Dispatch.new] instantiating new object [2017-08-17 18:29:44.232][lvl 5][Dispatch.auto] Commencing auto run dispatch sequence [2017-08-17 18:29:44.233][lvl 7][Dispatch.auto] continuous integration mode enabled [2017-08-17 18:29:44.233][lvl 6][Dispatch.auto] COMMENCING RUN: 1 [2017-08-17 18:29:44.233][lvl 7][Dispatch.dispatch] working on testers: localhost [2017-08-17 18:29:44.234][lvl 5][Dispatch.dispatch] configured localhost with port 7800 [2017-08-17 18:29:44.235][lvl 7][Dispatch._fork] spinning up tester: localhost [2017-08-17 18:29:44.241][lvl 7][Dispatch._fork.localhost] tester localhost socket created ok [2017-08-17 18:29:44.242][lvl 7][Dispatch._fork.localhost] syn "localhost" sent [2017-08-17 18:29:44.243][lvl 7][Dispatch._fork.localhost] ack "localhost" received [2017-08-17 18:29:44.243][lvl 7][Dispatch._fork.localhost] sent command: brewbuild [2017-08-17 18:29:44.244][lvl 7][Dispatch._fork.localhost] received "ok" [2017-08-17 18:29:44.245][lvl 5][Dispatch._fork.localhost] repo was sent in, and set to: https://github.com/stevieb9/rpi-wiringpi [2017-08-17 18:29:44.245][lvl 6][Dispatch._fork.localhost] dispatching out to and waiting for tester: 'localhost'... [2017-08-17 18:30:28.997][lvl 7][Dispatch._fork.localhost] tester work has concluded [2017-08-17 18:30:29.288][lvl 5][Dispatch._fork] tester: localhost finished [2017-08-17 18:30:29.290][lvl 7][Dispatch.dispatch] returning results if available... 5.24.1 :: PASS [2017-08-17 18:30:29.290][lvl 5][Dispatch.auto] auto run status: PASS [2017-08-17 18:30:29.291][lvl 7][Dispatch.auto] RPi LCD test result output enabled [2017-08-17 18:30:30.211][lvl 6][Dispatch.auto] auto run complete. Sleeping for 60 seconds, then restarting if more runs required
Here's the bbtester output:
bbtester --fg --stdout -a -c -d 7 [2017-08-17 18:29:34.312][lvl 7][Tester] logging to STDOUT [2017-08-17 18:29:34.313][lvl 5][Tester.new] instantiating new Test::BrewBuild::Tester object [2017-08-17 18:29:34.313][lvl 7][Tester.new] args: [2017-08-17 18:29:34.313][lvl 7][Tester.new] auto: 1 stdout: 1 debug: 7 csum: 1 [2017-08-17 18:29:34.315][lvl 6][Tester.listen] successfully created network socket on IP 0.0.0.0 and port 7800 [2017-08-17 18:29:34.316][lvl 7][Tester.listen] 0.0.0.0 now accepting incoming connections [2017-08-17 18:29:34.316][lvl 7][Tester.listen] work dir is: /home/pi/brewbuild [2017-08-17 18:29:34.317][lvl 7][Tester.listen] chdir to work dir: /home/pi/brewbuild [2017-08-17 18:29:34.317][lvl 7][Tester.listen] TESTER: 0.0.0.0 PLATFORM: armv7l-linux [2017-08-17 18:29:34.317][lvl 7][Tester.listen] waiting for a connection... [2017-08-17 18:29:44.242][lvl 7][Tester.listen] received ack: localhost [2017-08-17 18:29:44.243][lvl 7][Tester.listen] returned ack: localhost [2017-08-17 18:29:44.243][lvl 7][Tester.listen] received cmd: brewbuild [2017-08-17 18:29:44.244][lvl 7][Tester.listen] sending 'ok' [2017-08-17 18:29:44.246][lvl 7][Tester.listen] received repo: https://github.com/stevieb9/rpi-wiringpi [2017-08-17 18:29:44.246][lvl 5][Git.new] instantiating new object [2017-08-17 18:29:44.247][lvl 6][Git.git] git command set to 'git' [2017-08-17 18:29:44.247][lvl 7][Tester.listen] using Git: git [2017-08-17 18:29:44.247][lvl 7][Tester.listen] before all checks, repo set to https://github.com/stevieb9/rpi-wiringpi [2017-08-17 18:29:44.248][lvl 6][Git.name] converting repository link to repo name [2017-08-17 18:29:44.248][lvl 6][Git.name] repo link converted to rpi-wiringpi [2017-08-17 18:29:44.248][lvl 7][Tester.listen] chdir to: /home/pi/brewbuild/rpi-wiringpi [2017-08-17 18:29:44.249][lvl 7][Tester.listen] repo rpi-wiringpi exists [2017-08-17 18:29:44.249][lvl 6][Tester.listen] in auto mode [2017-08-17 18:29:44.259][lvl 6][Git.link] found https://github.com/stevieb9/rpi-wiringpi for the repo [2017-08-17 18:29:44.260][lvl 7][Git.status] checking git status [2017-08-17 18:29:44.280][lvl 6][Git.link] found https://github.com/stevieb9/rpi-wiringpi for the repo [2017-08-17 18:29:44.281][lvl 6][Git.revision.revision] initiating git revision [2017-08-17 18:29:44.281][lvl 6][Git.revision] local: 'rev-parse HEAD' sent [2017-08-17 18:29:44.291][lvl 5][Git.revision] commit checksum: b21c66e27e3972eacee1acb9a71def478c66b869 [2017-08-17 18:29:44.301][lvl 6][Git.link] found https://github.com/stevieb9/rpi-wiringpi for the repo [2017-08-17 18:29:44.301][lvl 6][Git.revision.revision] initiating git revision [2017-08-17 18:29:44.301][lvl 6][Git.revision] remote: 'ls-remote https://github.com/stevieb9/rpi-wiringpi' sent [2017-08-17 18:29:44.946][lvl 5][Git.revision] commit checksum: b21c66e27e3972eacee1acb9a71def478c66b869 [2017-08-17 18:29:44.946][lvl 7][Tester.listen] Git check: status: 1 local: b21c66e27e3972eacee1acb9a71def478c66b869 remote: b21c66e27e3972eacee1acb9a71def478c66b869 [2017-08-17 18:29:44.947][lvl 7][Tester.listen] commit checksums are equal; no need to pull [2017-08-17 18:29:44.949][lvl 5][Tester.listen] COMMENCING TEST RUN; no args (default) [2017-08-17 18:29:44.954][lvl 7][Tester.listen] executing test() [2017-08-17 18:30:28.994][lvl 7][Tester.listen] chdir to: /home/pi/brewbuild/rpi-wiringpi/bblog [2017-08-17 18:30:28.994][lvl 7][Tester.listen] no log files generated, nothing to process [2017-08-17 18:30:28.995][lvl 7][Tester.listen] chdir to: /home/pi/brewbuild/rpi-wiringpi [2017-08-17 18:30:28.995][lvl 7][Tester.listen] removing log dir: /home/pi/brewbuild/rpi-wiringpi/bblog [2017-08-17 18:30:28.996][lvl 5][Tester.listen] storing and sending results back to dispatcher [2017-08-17 18:30:28.999][lvl 7][Tester.listen] work dir is: /home/pi/brewbuild [2017-08-17 18:30:28.999][lvl 7][Tester.listen] chdir to work dir: /home/pi/brewbuild [2017-08-17 18:30:29.000][lvl 7][Tester.listen] TESTER: 0.0.0.0 PLATFORM: armv7l-linux [2017-08-17 18:30:29.001][lvl 7][Tester.listen] waiting for a connection...
Of course, normally output isn't displayed in this regard, but that's a general overview of how my RPi::WiringPi collection of distributions is tested all day, every day, on my custom CI test platform.
Here's the full list of RPI:: related distributions:
RPi::ADC::ADS provides access to the ADS1xxx family of analog to digital converters
RPi::ADC::MCP3008 provides access to MCP300x series analog to digital converters
RPi::BMP180 easy reading of the x80 series barometric pressure sensors
RPi::Const standard RPi and other typical constant names
RPi::DAC::MCP4922 access to the MCP4xxx series digital to analog converters
RPi::DHT11 provides sampled and converted results from DHTxx hygrometer/temperature sensors
RPi::MCP4xxxx provides control over the MCP4xxxx series digital potentiometers
RPi::HCRS04 read distances with this ultrasonic distance sensor
RPi::I2C access devices through I2C
RPi::LCD control 16x2 or 20x4 LCD screens
RPi::Pin complete management of GPIO pins
RPi::Serial read/write to/from the serial interface
RPi::SPI comms with devices on the Serial Peripheral Interface
Here's a pic of what the hardware looks like. I was ready to get boards printed, but had to back out at the last minute, so it's still on a breadboard for now.
Thanks in large part to Android's history of lax app policing, Google's mobile operating system has been criticized as insecure.
But now it appears that apps with no permissions pose a new threat, gaining access to sensitive personal information without authorization. Leviathan Security Group researcher Paul Brodeur explained in a blog post earlier this week that he created a proof-of-concept to demonstrate that "no permissions" apps still have access to the device's SD card, handset identification data, and files stored by other apps.
On the SD card, Brodeur's app yielded a list of all non-hidden files, including photos, backups, and external configuration files. Brodeur said he found that OpenVPN certificates were stored on his own device's SD card.
"While it's possible to fetch the contents of all those files, I'll leave it to someone else to decide what files should be grabbed and which are going to be boring," he said.
He then fetched the /data/system/packages.list file to which apps were installed on the device and scanned the directories to determine whether sensitive information could be read from those directories. He said during testing that he was able to read some files belonging to other apps. "This feature could be used to find apps with weak-permission vulnerabilities, such as those that were reported in Skype last year," he said.
Lastly, Brodeur's app was able to gather the handset's identification information. Without the "PHONE_STATE" permission, applications can't read the device's International Mobile Equipment Identity or International Mobile Subscriber Identity. However, the Global System for Mobile Communications information and SIM vendor IDs could still be read.
"Though this app uses buttons to activate the three different actions detailed above, it's trivial for any installed app to execute these actions without any user interaction," he wrote.
Brodeur said he tested the app on Android 4.0.3 Ice Cream Sandwich and Android 2.3.5 Gingerbread.
The Battle for Jackie's Affection
UNINFORMED SMACK ::
In the SEC, two teams got our sloppy seconds in the coaching department: Alabama and Mississippi State. The difference between the Bear and Sherrill is that Sherrill made his name at A&M and Bear did the Junction thing and went on to win championships at Alabama. Now, I guarantee you that Alabama fans won't make the upcoming game with A&M a huge to-do with Bear Bryant because, clearly, he belongs to Alabama. Not Mississippi State, though. Oh no. They want to remind us that the coach we used to have beat us in a bowl game 11 years ago...AND IT SNOWED AT THE GAME! There's even a cute hashtag adorning their end zone that reads #snowbowl12. A quick gander at the Starkville, MS 5 day forecast will tell you that there will be less than no snow at this game, so I'd consider that a misnomer of the highest order. It's also a conference game. Whatever it takes to hype a division game between two ranked foes in the SEC, right? I mean, we're not the Big XII here in the SEC. This conference lacks depth.
Uninformed Smack #snowbowl12
The Mississippi State Bulldogs will come out in their commemorative #snowbowl12 uniforms on Saturday, but I'll let JP03 tackle that. The gist of the idea is that they're all white from head to toe. The problem here is, they already have trouble running out of the fog in their team entrance. In that photo, every player is in their bastardized maroon. I don't know if you could get more contrast to the white smoke. Imagine the problems when you CAN'T DISTINGUISH HUMANS FROM FOG?!?! That's 10 easy pregame injuries right there and we haven't even kicked off yet. Your move, Miss State. Your move.
But we haven't even begun to think about the implications of beings not of this world on our trite little football game yet, have we? I love this. Who doesn't love aliens, man? The History Channel's programming lineup attests to the fact that we shouldn't be concerned with matters of proven history, but answering questions with vague statements that prove alien life has affected our lives here on earth. So here are a few. If it were true that A&M couldn't compete in the SEC but now is competing quite well, don't we have to ask Kevin Sumlin for his intergalactic birth certificate? If he can't produce one, he's obviously an alien. Johnny Manziel is 6' on a good day, yet outclasses athletes who were ranked higher on recruiting sites on a weekly basis. Why hasn't he addressed the fact that aliens may have altered his genetic code in the offseason? Just asking questions here.
And now an argument for or against cheerleaders, depending on your stance. Young Taylor seems to have beaten the odds here by overcoming living in the fattest state in America and posing for Playboy. I smell an uplifting story of triumph here, Hollywood. Maybe this could be the subplot to "Air Bud XXVII: Dramatic Paws." HOW CAN THE DOG CATCH A FOOTBALL? HOW?!?! Well, some lucky Retail Floristry major from Miss State can likely win this girl over with his Senior Thesis. "I put these in a vase for you. It took me all of Monday early afternoon."
UNSUBSTANTIATED GAME PREDICTION
Jackie Sherrill tosses the coin, which is double heads and Sumlin knows it. Sherrill tears off his suit revealing that he is wearing an A&M "greenman" onesie and proceeds to pelvic thrust at the Miss State student section from the 50 yard-line. After a 30 minute delay to cart off all 20 Bulldogs injured from running through INVISI-FOG, the game starts off a little slow. JFF only amasses 200 yards by halftime and Kingsbury is visibly upset by the mere 21 point lead the Aggies have accumulated by halftime. To further illustrate this point, Kingsbury comes out at halftime in an even blacker coach's shirt than in the first half that reads "Hi TexAgs!" on the back.
Not a fan of false advertising, Sumlin calls God and demands snow. The impending blizzard stalls the Miss State offense, but seems to empower Johnny Football who inexplicably has a snow board. He becomes the first football player to score 3 touchdowns and pull off the very difficult 960 ollie-twist-kick while reaching for the pylon. ESPN says "Meh." Kevin Sumlin makes a snowman, but places the carrot and lumps of coal in the lower hemisphere of his creation.
Ags 42 Miss State 28
Mary O'Hara, Austerity Bites: A journey to the sharp end of cuts in the UK, Policy Press, 2014, xiv + 320 pp, 1 4473 1560 5, hbk, £19.99
During 2012 and 2013 Mary O'Hara travelled the UK to find out what effects the Coalition Government's public sector cuts were having by interviewing some of the people affected by them: both those suffering directly from the austerity measures and those working with them to try to mitigate the measures' effects.
The introduction describes in broad terms the ways in which wages have fallen, poverty and debt have increased, new sanctions have been imposed on jobseekers, and public services have been cut – and all this in the cause of an austerity that further damages the economy.
O'Hara's visits and interviews reveal the depth of the crisis: increasing food poverty (and hence the rise in the number of food banks); mounting pressure on household budgets as costs rise but incomes – both in and out of work – stagnate; the disruptive effects of the bedroom tax; and the rise of personal debt and of high-street high-interest lenders. They also reveal the increasing stigma imposed on people who cannot find employment, and on people with disabilities and long-term health problems; declining wages and job security; cuts in local authority services on which some of our most vulnerable citizens depend; and rising rents and homelessness.
This is in many ways a familiar story, but what gives this particular telling of it an added authenticity are the excerpts from the interviews. Here we find the voices not of statisticians, journalists, or politicians, but of those suffering the effects of cuts in services. In the concluding chapter, we hear the voices of those voluntary sector workers who are coping with increasing demand, disappearing grants, and staff redundancies. The concluding chapter ends with a description of the way in which the Government and the tabloid press have succeeded in persuading us that the previous Labour Government and the poor are responsible for the country's financial problems, and therefore for austerity; and with a description of small-scale resistance to that austerity – as if local pressure groups can defeat the Government- and media-driven prejudice to which we have been submitted for the past four years. They can't.
Perhaps for our readership the most significant finding from O'Hara's visits and interviews is that ‘the social security system that had protected much of the population from the worst vagaries of inequality was being ripped from its foundations'. She goes on:
I saw at first hand how destabilised and fearful it was leaving people. What I observed during my travels was a society in deep existential as well as economic and political flux. It seemed to me that austerity was generating social and economic schisms faster than they could be tracked, never mind adequately countered. There was a sense of an expanding segregation of the rich and poor, the entrenchment of a ‘them and us' view of the world that produced not only a lack of social contract but also a political gap so wide as to seem unbridgeable. (p.15)
As a society we need to take to heart what is being said here, and determine to build a new social security system that will protect everyone from ‘the worst vagaries of inequality' and will heal our ‘social and economic schisms'.
If you've been following web development over the past few years, you will have noticed how fast it has evolved. The understanding of PHP and JavaScript has shifted, new frameworks have emerged, and the package manager Composer provides an easy way to integrate different components into applications. All this has lead to a new generation of content management systems that are built on modern principles, shed old ballast and simplify the lives of both developers and end users.
One of them is Pagekit, an outstanding new CMS developed by YOOtheme, a company that has been creating themes and extensions for Joomla and WordPress since 2007.
Pagekit is a modular and lightweight CMS built with Vue.js and Symfony components. Its focus lies on being intuitive for end-users on the one hand and a modern codebase that provides powerful tools for developers on the other. Apart from menus, pages, and widgets, Pagekit features a powerful user and permission system as well as a blogging extension, including a sophisticated comment function.
Since the release of its first Alpha version in 2014, Pagekit has been supported by a rapidly growing community on Github, so that in spring 2016 it finally leaves its beta phase and hits the screens.
Pagekit's User Interface
Pagekit's simple user interface lets even beginners start their first website without any struggles. The administration is inspired by Google's Material Design guidelines and provides a clean, intuitive and mobile-friendly experience for end users, featuring link and media pickers and a lot of one-click functionalities. It is limited to the essentials without compromising features that CMS users have come to expect.
When logging into your Pagekit website, the first thing you'll see is the Dashboard. It provides access to all areas of the administration and allows you to install useful widgets, like Google Analytics, to get an overview of your site's activity and visitor data. The Dashboard leads you to the hierarchical Site Tree view. Here you can organize all your pages, menus, and widgets in a unified drag and drop interface. It is the central place to manage content in Pagekit and drastically simplifies creating websites.
You can write the content of static pages, widgets and the built-in blog extension using a wonderful HTML & Markdown editor. It features syntax highlighting as well as real-time preview and has access to Pagekit's file manager to upload media right into your content.
The Pagekit Marketplace
Pagekit features a built-in Marketplace. Users can install themes and extensions in one click without having to leave the administration area while developers have the chance to distribute their products to a global community. Since extensibility is one of the core ideas of Pagekit, its modular architecture makes it such a great base for interested developers.
Right now, four official themes are at hand, including One, Pagekit's default theme. The Marketplace also delivers a handful of in-house extensions: Google Analytics, a syntax highlighter, TinyMCE and the pre-bundled Blog. A number of third party themes and extensions are already available as well, for example, a form builder, a portfolio, and social media extensions. To help developers create their products, the Marketplace offers blueprints for themes and extensions. The idea is for the Marketplace to become a thriving theme and extension ecosystem.
The Modern Architecture of Pagekit
Pagekit is best friends with Vue.js, the new hot JavaScript framework you may already have heard of. Vue offers functionalities to easily build interactive interfaces. It takes care of updating models and views on the client via its two-way data binding. But there is more to it than having nice interactive views. By utilizing Vue's concept of web components, we can build a client library for reusable components, like the media picker that can be used from any extension.
What looks good on the interface level, should also extend to a strong foundation. Since extensibility is one of the core ideas of Pagekit, the team explored what “modularity” really means. On the code level, nearly everything is a Module object: a theme, an extension, a widget and the core functionality itself. This keeps code complexity to a minimum, as developers can work with the same concept in many different places.
Pagekit is extended through themes and extensions. They can make a small or big change to Pagekit's functionality as well as make it look beautiful. The CMS manages them using the power of Composer. Install packages right from the browser, using the command line or by requiring them in your project definition. No need to distribute the package dependencies with your extensions. Pagekit will get and share the required libraries during the package's installation.
Pagekit Community and Resources
Pagekit is an open source project and published under MIT license. So if you want to get your hands dirty, head over to Github and take a look under Pagekit's hood. Everyone is invited to contribute. A number of useful resources are already available to help you find your way around Pagekit and even to start developing your themes and extensions.
There are a lot of CMSes out there that suit different needs. But we suggest you give the new kid on the block a try. Its lightness, simplicity, and beautiful Material Deign user interface make working with Pagekit a true delight. It provides great tools for developers, and its modular architecture will make you itch to start creating cool extensions. We see a bright future ahead for Pagekit.
Take a Look at Pagekit
The Boeing Company is being subjected to trial. However, what has not been discussed is the real motivation for the United States government to bring them to trial.
The National Labor Relations Board, a federal agency, is claiming the company illegally retaliated against its union-represented workforce by “transferring” a production line that did not exist to a non-union plant in North Charleston, South Carolina. The NLRB claims that this decision, made in October 2009, violates federal labor law that protects the Washington employees' rights to support a union through strike activity.
What is missing from the debate is that the employees of Boeing in North Charleston were also members of a union until September 10, 2009. On that day, the Boeing employees in South Carolina decertified the International Association of Machinists (IAM) by a vote of 199 to 68 at the company's 787 fuselage assembly plant in South Carolina.
The IAM is the same union that represents Boeing employees in Everett, Washington and the same union that filed an unfair labor practice charge against Boeing alleging an illegal transfer of work to the South Carolina plant.
The NLRB claims that in October, 2009, the Employer retaliated against its Washington employees because they engaged in strikes in 1977, 1989, 1995, 2005 and 2008 by transferring its second line of production of 787 Dreamliners to the South Carolina plant.
However, only one month before, the South Carolina workforce decertified the IAM. On September 11, 2009, one day after the decertification vote, the Seattle Times reported that “(t)he vote means that Boeing Charleston will compete as a non-union plant against Boeing Everett, an IAM stronghold, to be the site of the second Dreamliner assembly line.”
In essence, the employees of Boeing Charleston chose to decertify the union and became a far more attractive business proposition because of that decision.
The same law that protects an employee's right to join and support a union also protects an employee's right to refrain from supporting a union. Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act expressly protects those who “refrain from” supporting, joining or assisting labor unions. The NLRB has always held that an employee's support for a decertification of a union is “protected” activity. It is a duty of the NLRB to defend employees who are subjected to retaliation for engaging in protected activity.
This week the NLRB will seek to prohibit the employees of Boeing in South Carolina from continuing to build 787 aircraft, and it would not have done so if the employees had not decertified their union. The NLRB has held for decades that an employer only illegally transfers work from a union to a non-union facility when it does so to escape its relationship with the union.
Had the South Carolina Boeing employees remained represented by the IAM, the “transfer” of work would have been to a “union shop.” The NLRB could not establish a desire by Boeing to escape its relationship with the IAM by “transferring” work to an IAM-represented facility.
Simply put, it is because the South Carolina workers chose to decertify the IAM that the NLRB now seeks to prohibit them from continuing to build 787 aircraft. Had they kept their union cards, the government would allow them to earn a living.
The impact of the “retaliation” at the two facilities is also striking. Since the Everett Washington workers were allegedly “discriminated” against in October 2009, Boeing has reported that no employees have been laid off and 2,000 additional employees have been hired.
Conversely, the United States government is seeking to prohibit the South Carolina workers from building 787 aircraft and doing the same job they were doing even before the alleged “retaliation.”
Boeing has represented that if the government gets what it wants, 1,000 workers will lose their jobs. Lafe Solomon, acting general counsel of the National Labor Relations Board, testified June 17 that he truly regreted the “anxiety” the litigation had caused the South Carolina workers and their families.
On June 1 the Charleston employees asked the NLRB if they could participate in the trial that will determine whether they will have jobs. Naturally, the NLRB turned these employees away and denied their request writing that allowing them to appear “would be a seriously complicating event.”
Of course it would be complicating. The North Charleston workers exercised their federally protected right to decertify the IAM on September 10, 2009. Now, the IAM, in lockstep with the NLRB, is suing to prohibit their employer to let them do their jobs. The only method to qualify for their jobs is to remain a member of a union they do not want to belong to.
The real question in the Boeing trial is which employees were illegally retaliated against — the employees in Washington or those in South Carolina?
Mark Carter is The Traditional Labor Practice Group Chair of Dinsmore & Shohl LLP in its Charleston, West Virginia offices.
© 2019 Newsmax. All rights reserved.
For A Bit Of Luck, Opera Singers Say A Melange O' Tois
In a new installment of the "trade lingo" series on All Things Considered, Michelle Hackman explains what it means when an opera singer spits and says, "Toi, toi, toi."
MELISSA BLOCK, HOST:
Time for some more trade lingo. We've asked you to send us phrases or bits of slang from your world - insider terms of the trade that would stump people on the outside. And today we have this phrase.
MICHELLE HACKMAN: Toi, toi, toi.
BLOCK: Toi, toi, toi - spelled T O I. That was sent to us by listener Michelle Hackman of Cary, Illinois. She's a professional opera singer and she told us she heard toi, toi, toi for the first time when she was in college. She was backstage before a performance.
HACKMAN: A voice teacher said it to one of the performers. And I said what is that? I've never heard that before in my life. It basically means break a leg. That's the term we use instead of break a leg or instead of good luck.
BLOCK: And when you heard it and you asked about it, what did they tell you?
HACKMAN: They said it was just the way to say good luck. And there was also a spitting motion. I'll pretend to spit over the shoulder. It's to ward off evil spells or bad luck. It's also - comes from the German term for devil, which is Teufel. And so they say it could be a shortened version of that. So speaking the devil's name to ward him off.
BLOCK: So I'm trying to picture this. If you're saying this, Michelle, you're - every time you say toi, are you turning to one shoulder or the other and sort of kind of making a spitting motion?
HACKMAN: Well, there are people who take it really seriously and do the toi, toi, toi and then pretend to spit over their shoulder. And then typically though you just say it - toi, toi, toi.
BLOCK: Michelle Hackman, thanks so much for talking to us.
HACKMAN: Thank you.
BLOCK: And do you have any interest in singing us out with something?
HACKMAN: (Singing) I am Rosina - dainty mouth.
BLOCK: Great - which is from what?
HACKMAN: That's from a performance I just did of "Hansel and Gretel" with Main Street Opera. And I played the witch. And we did it in English, not German.
BLOCK: Well, keep going.
HACKMAN: (Singing) I dearly love all boys and girls. I'm innocent as a newborn child. That's why the children come visit my house.
BLOCK: That's great. I didn't have time to tell you toi, toi, toi before you started. But you didn't need it. You did great.
HACKMAN: Oh, we said it enough. I think we're covered.
BLOCK: OK, great. Michelle, thank you so much.
HACKMAN: Thank you.
(SOUNDBITE OF ENGELBERT HUMPERDINCK SONG, "HEXENRITT")
BLOCK: Michelle Hackman of Cary, Illinois adding toi, toi, toi to our growing collection of trade lingo. The fun never stops. Please keep your trade lingo coming our way. You can send it to us on Twitter or Facebook. We're at @npratc.
(SOUNDBITE OF ENGELBERT HUMPERDINCK SONG, "HEXENRITT")
Copyright © 2014 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Multi-cloud, what are the options? Part 1- Low level abstraction libraries
Anthony Shaw Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 18, 2016
Multi-cloud has been around for a while. Apache Libcloud, one of the more popular low-level abstraction libraries was started in 2009.
Up to last year multi-cloud has been quite an unpopular topic. When I bring it up I get a lot of grumbles and frowns. People will have invested in a particular platform, coupled themselves to that platform and argue that multi-cloud is too hard, or that there is really no value and all you end up with is the “lowest common denominator” of features. Up to the past 2 years, I would agree that “too hard” is a more realistic description of the technology, but as I've previously written about, application portability is becoming a LOT easier. Docker has introduced this idea of packaging application deployment and runtime into a neat bundle, object storage is gaining popularity and direct-access storage requirements for applications like Windows Clusters have died a slow but overdue death.
I think the lowest common denominator argument is mostly moot when the idea is to be able to abstract the vendors away and depending on specific capabilities is just the same as coupling to the APIs themselves. Services like object storage, DNS, CDNs, Backups, are much of a muchness and there shouldn't be any reason why deploying to 5 clouds should be the same experience and model.
SO you want to try running your application across many clouds? Just because your application may have Docker, you still need servers or infrastructure deployed somewhere, you still need storage, DNS, load balancers.
Low-Level Abstraction Libraries
Choosing a low-level abstraction library really comes down to target language, unless you're using C#.Net, in which case you're screwed. If you don't have a requirement on language, you should consider which as-a-service components you want to abstract, because the libraries don't offer a complete suite there.
The challenge that all of these libraries are trying to overcome is how do you provide a single interface to a set of APIs which are distinct. DNS is easy because it is a mature and standardised protocol, but compute is particularly tricky and each library has taken a different approach at tackling the problem with mixed success. Before you write off the low level libraries because you can't get all the switches and toggles for provisioning a VM that you might need, still consider the value in using them for DNS, Load Balancer or CDN/Object storage automation.
CLOSE Elon Musk talks to USA Today's Chris Woodyard about the features on the new Model S.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk announces new features in the all-electric car, with the aid of a giant robotic arm. Tesla announced Thursday that the all-wheel-drive versions of its Model S electric car will manage a slight increase in range of about 10 miles on a charge vs. the rear-drive models — for a maximum of 275 miles — because of efficiencies designed into the new system. (Photo11: Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY)
HAWTHORNE, Calif. — Tesla Motors didn't announce the self-driving car that some had expected, but did roll out an exotic suite of driver-aid and safety features Thursday night.
CEO Elon Musk said additional features over time, combined with the ones announced Thursday, will give the car semi-autonomous abilities, like setting auto-pilot on an airplane.
Investors aren't hitting the gas pedal on Tesla stock. Shares were down 6.4% as of midafternoon Friday.
Tesla also said at a big briefing event here that it'll have a hopped-up version of its Model S that has all-wheel drive and blasts to 60 mph in little more than 3 seconds.
Musk said in an interview with USA TODAY that one of his favorite cars was the super-fast McLaren F1, a high-dollar, low-volume production car with racing attributes. Musk thinks the quickest Tesla will match the McLaren's 3.2-second sprint to 60 mph from standstill.
"It's like having your own personal roller coaster," he says.
Tesla's moves are closely watched by its shareholders, who seem to bid up stock prices wildly, then sell, so the Tesla shares TSLA rocket, then tumble, more like technology stocks than auto-company stocks. And the electric-carmaker's moves often are considered a foretaste of what mainstream automakers might need to emulate to stay abreast of the latest technology.
Tesla announced Thursday that the all-wheel-drive versions of its Model S electric car will manage a slight increase in range of about 10 miles on a charge vs. the rear-drive models — for a maximum of 275 miles — because of efficiencies designed into the new system.
The AWD cars have a second electric motor to drive the front wheels. AWD hybrids, such as the Lexus RX, likewise use separate electric motors front and rear to eliminate the need for a front-to-rear driveshaft and other cumbersome AWD hardware.
Musk, though, called his system "a huge improvement" that he claims is "taking the technology to the next level."
The AWD cars will carry the designation D, and the new top version of the AWD Model S will be designated P85D. Buyers begin receiving those in December.
The other AWD models, 60D and 85D, arrive in buyers' hands in February.
Meet Dual Motor Model S: 60D, 85D & P85D. And introducing Autopilot. http://t.co/G61LrT9jG4pic.twitter.com/J9bDVgMDGI — Tesla (@Tesla) October 10, 2014
The addition of all-wheel drive will allow Tesla to compete more vigorously in the snowy East and Midwest, broadening its buyer base beyond the Sunbelt.
Jaguar made a similar move to AWD in 2013, figuring it was competing in a shrinking slice of the luxury market without AWD, offered by most rivals.
Tesla's suite of safety features and driver aids is partly catch-up, partly leapfrog.Tesla says the cars it's building now have forward-mounted radar, a camera and 12 sensors each able to "see" 16 feet to enable the safety tech. Those can't be retrofitted to older models, Tesla says.
It also ties the system into the steering, braking and GPS, making it capable of unusual tricks that can't be matched by other cars.
Highlights:
•The new system will move the car over a lane when the driver uses the turn signal.
•The car reads speed-limit signs and adjusts the car to the speed on the sign.
•Drivers will be able to get out of the car in their driveways and watch it park itself in the garage. When drivers are ready to leave, the car will be able to drive itself up, with the car's temperature and stereo system set to the driver's preferences.
"It will come to you wherever you are," Musk says. "It will slowly make its way to you."
Other features match the lane-departure warnings and additional safety and driver-help features that are getting common.
Brands from Mercedes-Benz and Infiniti to more mainstream nameplates such as Hyundai have features that will keep a car in its lane, steer it back if it begins to wander, stop without driver help if it's racing too fast toward the car ahead.
The new AWD versions of the Model S made their debut at a general-aviation airport in this Los Angeles suburb. The ceremony included scores of current Model S owners.
Owner Nikki Lennertz says she was impressed. "I think Elon Musk is a game changer" and she said what he's doing with electric cars "will change the auto industry in general."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xvCQ47
In 2016, the United States leads the world for most space rocket launches for the first time since the 1990s.
With 20 launches projected to be completed by year's end, 12 of those by Centennial-based United Launch Alliance, the U.S. now leads China and Russia, with 19 and 18 launches respectively.
Russia has been the undisputed world leader in spaceflight since 1967, launching about 100 rockets per year at its prime. The U.S. briefly overtook Russia in the 1990s, after the fall of the Soviet Union, but Russia eventually reclaimed its former status as the leader in annual rocket launches.
But today, Russia's launch rate is drastically declining. Between severe budget cuts and catastrophic engine failures, like the one that destroyed Orbital ATK's Antares rocket in 2014, the former space hegemon may begin to see its launches dwindle even more in future years, the Moscow Times reported.
And rapid commercialization in the space flight sector, in the style of Elon Musk's SpaceX, is chipping away at the Russian company's historic market share, as well as upping the stakes for established stakeholders.
After Musk announced his ambitious estimate that reusable rockets could decrease launch costs by a factor of 100, Roscosmos State Corporation, which is in charge of Russia's space program, cut costs and built a reusable rocket of its own, the Moscow Times reported.
Despite SpaceX's perceived threat to the Russian space program, United Launch Alliance is still leading the nation in launch activity.
United Launch Alliance is a joint venture between Lockheed Martin Space Systems and Boeing Defense, Space & Security. The Centennial-based partnership formed in December 2006 to provide launch services to the U.S. government.
By the end of 2016, ULA will have launched 12 rockets into space.
If SpaceX recovers from a September explosion in time to launch one more rocket in December, as Musk has said it will, American launches will surpass 20 by year's end.
Multimedia business & healthcare reporter Chloe Aiello can be reached via email at caiello@denverite.com or twitter.com/chlobo_ilo.
Subscribe to Denverite's newsletter here.
Question: What does the law say about driving in the left lane?
Answer: The law clearly states that the left-hand lane is designated for passing and that a vehicle may not impede the passage of an overtaking vehicle.
The law says, in part:
Upon all multilane highways, no vehicle shall be driven in the left-hand lane except when directed otherwise, preparing for a left turn at an intersection or private road or driveway, overtaking or passing another vehicle proceeding in the same direction, or when right-hand lanes are congested.
Further, no vehicle being driven in the left lane (unless preparing for a left turn) shall impede any other vehicle that is overtaking/traveling in the same lane and behind that vehicle.
Upon all multilane highways, no vehicle traveling in the left-hand lane shall be driven at a speed slower than any vehicle traveling to its right on the same roadway.
Upon all multilane highways any vehicle proceeding at less than the normal speed of traffic shall be driven in the right-hand lane. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize driving any vehicle in the left lane so as to prohibit, impede, or block passage of an overtaking vehicle.
The Louisiana laws governing left lane use have changed over recent years and many drivers are just not aware of the newer restrictions and allowances.
My policy has been to have our patrol deputies give verbal explanations of the law to drivers who violate the left-lane statute and issue warnings rather than citations. However, all drivers in St. Landry Parish should be aware of the laws.
Our goal is to enforce Louisiana traffic statutes with professional courtesy, tempered by an understanding that it takes time for seasoned drivers to get used to newer traffic laws. My message to drivers in St. Landry Parish is to please drive safely and try to keep the left lane clear when possible.
The above information is intended for information purposes only and not for legal advice. For legal advice, consult an attorney. Questions can be submitted to bguidroz@slpsheriff.com
Read or Share this story: https://www.dailyworld.com/story/news/local/2015/01/18/left-lane-passing-cruising/21967809/
Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved
(WAVY) - It is only an opinion piece by freelance writer Brian Pedersen, but in a Bleacher Report article today Petersen made an interesting argument regarding the surge of interest in the Old Dominion football
Copyright by WAVY - All rights reserved
program.
Pederson predicted which games he thought ESPN might consider for their very popular GameDay coverage, which travels the nation Saturday's during football season to showcase what might be considered the biggest game of the week nationally. The pre-game coverage is seen by millions of viewers.
In week nine, Peterson predicts ESPN might come to Norfolk's SB Ballard Stadium for the Conference USA Showdown between Western Kentucky and Old Dominion.
An interesting read if nothing else for Monarchs fans.
http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2519233-predicting-every-espn-college-gameday-stop-for-2015-season
Mayor Rob Ford is not on board with TTC chairman Karen Stintz's transit compromise to bury less of the Eglinton LRT.
In what is expected to be a major blow to the emerging compromise of Ford's $8.2 billion transportation plan, officials in the mayor's office confirmed Wednesday that the civic leader still supports burying the Eglinton LRT underground as it moves into Scarborough.
“The mayor is not interested in changing the Eglinton LRT plan,” Mark Towhey, Ford's director of policy, told the Sun Wednesday night. “If you want to know what transit compromise looks like, look at the Scarborough RT, we're already having to replace that, it never worked properly … Scarborough deserves a subway.”
Stintz believes there is council support to bury less of the Eglinton LRT and use the $1 billion to $1.5 billion in savings to extend the Sheppard subway at least to Consumers Rd., near Victoria Park Ave.
Councillor Doug Ford warned Wednesday that burying less of the Eglinton LRT may not save cash for other transit projects and would treat Scarborough residents like “second-class citizens.”
“There is no pot of gold at the end of this rainbow for $2 billion to fund something else,” Ford said.
“This conception we're getting a whole bunch of money if we go another way is just not facts.”
Officials with the mayor's office insisted the province is adamant no more than $650 million in savings from the Eglinton LRT can be spent on the Sheppard subway.
Beyond the money concerns, Ford also balked at the idea of running that transit line above ground in Scarborough.
“We aren't going to be treating Scarborough like second class citizens,” Ford said. “We support Scarborough and we love Scarborough.”
Ford's comments counter Stintz who is pushing for a compromise that she says would save at least $1 billion by not burying the Eglinton LRT as it moves into Scarborough.
“If all the money is used up on Eglinton …I don't know how we would extend Sheppard,” said Stintz.
The E.P.A., following the recommendation of its scientific advisers, had proposed lowering the so-called ozone standard of 75 parts per billion, set at the end of the Bush administration, to a stricter standard of 60 to 70 parts per billion. The change would have thrown hundreds of American counties out of compliance with the Clean Air Act and required a major enforcement effort by state and local officials, as well as new emissions controls at industries across the country.
The administration will try to follow the more lenient Bush administration standard set in 2008 until a scheduled reconsideration of acceptable pollution limits in 2013. Environmental advocates vowed on Friday to challenge that standard in court, saying it is too weak to protect public health adequately.
Ozone, when combined with other compounds to form smog, contributes to a variety of ailments, including heart problems, asthma and other lung disorders.
Lisa P. Jackson , the E.P.A. administrator, has pushed hard for a tougher ozone standard, telling associates that it was one of the most important regulatory initiatives she would handle during her tenure. But she found herself on the losing end of a fight with top White House economic and political advisers, who were persuaded by industry arguments that the 2008 ozone rule was due to be reviewed in two years anyway and who were concerned about the impact on state, local and tribal governments that would bear much of the burden of compliance.
The impact would have been felt heavily in a band of Midwest and Great Plains states that are not themselves major sources of ozone pollution and that will be critical 2012 electoral battlegrounds.
In a statement, the president reiterated his commitment to environmental concerns, but added: “At the same time, I have continued to underscore the importance of reducing regulatory burdens and regulatory uncertainty, particularly as our economy continues to recover. With that in mind, and after careful consideration, I have requested that Administrator Jackson withdraw the draft Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standards at this time.”
In words of reassurance directed at Ms. Jackson and the agency she heads, the president said that his commitment to the work of the agency was “unwavering.”
Photo
“And my administration will continue to vigorously oppose efforts to weaken E.P.A.'s authority under the Clean Air Act or dismantle the progress we have made,” he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Jackson accepted the White House decision with a terse statement: “We will revisit the ozone standard, in compliance with the Clean Air Act.”
She pointed with pride to the administration's record of establishing a range of other air quality safeguards for power plants, manufacturing facilities and vehicles that will also help to reduce ozone pollution across the country.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Ms. Jackson had made clear her intention to follow her scientific advisers and set a new standard within the more restrictive range by the end of this year. She has told associates that her success in addressing this problem would be a reflection of her ability to perform her job. The agency sent the now-rejected standards to the White House in July with the expectation that they would be issued by Aug. 31.
While some senior agency officials expressed disappointment with the decision, they also said they understood that it was their job to offer their best technical advice to the White House and that the ultimate decision rested with the president, who has to stand for re-election and consider other factors.
Reaction from environmental advocates ranged from disappointment to fury, with several noting that in just the past month the administration had tentatively approved drilling in the Arctic , given an environmental green light to the 1,700-mile Keystone XL oil pipeline from Alberta , Canada , to Texas and opened 20 million more acres of the Gulf of Mexico to drilling.
Daniel J. Weiss, senior fellow at the Center for American Progress, said, “Today's announcement from the White House that they will retreat from implementing the much-needed — and long-overdue — ozone pollution standard is deeply disappointing and grants an item on Big Oil's wish list at the expense of the health of children, seniors and the infirm.” The center is a liberal research group with close ties to the White House.
Bill McKibben , an activist leading a two-week White House protest against the pipeline project which has resulted in more than 1,000 arrests, said that the latest move was “flabbergasting.”
“Somehow we need to get back the president we thought we elected in 2008,” he said.
Cass R. Sunstein , who leads the White House office that reviews all major regulations, said he was carefully scrutinizing proposed rules across the government to ensure that they are cost efficient and based on the best current science. He said in a letter to Ms. Jackson that the studies on which the E.P.A.'s proposed rule is based were completed in 2006 and that new assessments were already under way.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The issue had become a flashpoint between the administration and Republicans in Congress, who held up the proposed ozone rule as a test of the White House's commitment to regulatory reform and job creation. Imposing the new rule before the 2012 election would have created political problems for the administration and for Democrats nationwide seeking election in a brittle economy.
Leaders of major business groups — including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , the National Association of Manufacturers , the American Petroleum Institute and the Business Roundtable — met with Ms. Jackson and with top White House officials this summer seeking to moderate, delay or kill the rule. They told William M. Daley , the White House chief of staff, that the rule would be very costly to industry and would hurt Mr. Obama's chances for a second term.
John Engler , a former governor of Michigan and chairman of the Business Roundtable, said Friday in a statement: “Creating U.S. jobs and providing more economic certainty for all Americans, especially on the heels of today's news that the U.S. unemployment rate remains persistently high, is our greatest challenge. If President Obama's speech next week is as positive as this decision was today, it will be a success.”
Representative Eric Cantor , the majority leader, said this week that the House would review the ozone rule, which he called the most onerous of all proposed regulations.
“This effective ban or restriction on construction and industrial growth for much of America is possibly the most harmful of all the currently anticipated Obama administration regulations,” Mr. Cantor wrote. He said that the impact would be felt across the economy and cost as much as $1 trillion and millions of jobs over the next decade.
In 1820, Prince Esterhazy ordered that Haydn's remains be transferred from Vienna to Eisenstadt. One of the biggest surprises in all music must have been when the coffin was opened and Haydn's skull was missing. The story of the missing skull proves that truth is stranger than fiction.
Franz Joseph Gall was a scientist who believed that a person's intellectual characteristics were defined by the size, shape and proportions of their skull. Two of Gall's followers were Joseph Carl Rosenbaum, a close friend of Haydn, and Johann Nepomuk Peter. They bribed the gravedigger, and, just four days after Haydn's death, opened the grave at night and stole the composer's head. Later they justified their action by saying that they could not see such a magnificent spirit lay in the ground being eaten by maggots and worms.
In the examination that followed, Peter claimed to have found “the seal of hearing, just as it is given in the preface to Gall's book.” Following that, Rosenbaum kept the skull “on a cushion covered with while silk and draped with black satin inside a black wooden cabinet that was modeled after a Roman sarcophagus and decorated with a golden lyre.” And this was kept in a mausoleum in his yard for visitors to see. One of the ironies is that Joseph Rosenbaum's wife, Therese, sang at the memorial for Haydn on June 2, 1809.
The story gets stranger. After the skull was discovered missing, the authorities unsuccessfully searched Rosenbaum's home. Mrs. Rosenbaum had hid the skull under her mattress, and then lay down on it. She claimed that it was “that time of the month.” Then after Prince Esterhazy paid Rosenbaum for the skull, one skull and then another—neither belonging to Haydn—were presented. This meant that on December 4, 1820, a stranger's skull was placed on Haydn's remains.
Just before he died in 1829, Rosenbaum gave the skull to Peter, and when Peter died in 1839, his widow gave it to their physician, Dr. Karl Haller. Dr. Haller gave the skull to a Dr. Rokitansky, a Viennese Pathologist who stored it is the Pathological-Anatomical Institute of the University of Vienna. Rodakitansky's successor was Professor Kundrat, who gave the skull back to Rokitansky's sons, who finally presented it to the Gesellschaft der Musikfreunde.
This bizarre story was finally resolved in 1954. In a ceremony at the Musikverein, the skull “was placed in an urn decorated with a golden laurel wreath surrounded by red and white peonies.” Then a large procession (100 cars!) drove past Haydn's birth house in Rohrau and to the Bergkirche in Eisenstadt, where the skull was finally returned to its body.
The Court of Protection in English law is a superior court of record created under the Mental Capacity Act 2005. It has jurisdiction over the property, financial affairs and personal welfare of people who lack mental capacity to make decisions for themselves.[1]
History [ edit ]
The Court of Protection evolved from the Office of the Master in Lunacy, which was renamed the Court of Protection in 1947.[2] Its jurisdiction derived from both the 1890 Lunacy Act and De Prerogativa Regis of 1324, which gave the monarch authority over the property of 'idiots' and 'lunatics'. The Court of Protection was responsible for overseeing the management and administration of the estates of individuals who were unable to manage their own affairs, by reason of unsoundness of mind or infirmity.
It was an office of the Senior Courts of England and Wales, later governed by the Mental Health Act 1983. At that time the old Court of Protection was part of the old Office of the Public Guardian; the new Court of Protection and the Public Guardian are now entirely separate organisations with different responsibilities. The earlier Court of Protection dealt exclusively with financial matters, but the new Court of Protection was granted powers to deal with health and personal welfare issues, and has the same powers as the High Court of Justice.[3]
The Court of Protection's powers are defined by the Mental Capacity Act 2005,[4] and was established by order of the Lord Chancellor through the Mental Capacity Act 2005 (Commencement No. 2) Order 2007.[5] The rules of the Court of Protection were established by order of the President of the Family Division through The Court of Protection Rules 2007.[6]
The offices and full-time Judges of the Court of Protection were originally located at Archway Tower, Junction Road, London. Since 9 January 2012, the Court was located in the Thomas Moore Building at the Royal Courts of Justice on the Strand, London. In 2014, it was relocated to First Avenue House, 42-49 High Holborn, London WC1A 9JA.[citation needed]
As of April 2017, the President of the Court of Protection was Sir James Munby, who is also President of the Family Division, and the Vice-President was Sir William Charles.[7]
Jurisdiction and powers [ edit ]
The Court of Protection has the power to decide if a person lacks capacity to make decisions for themselves, and then to decide what actions to take in the person's best interests. The Court has the power to adjudicate on deprivations of liberty, which includes depriving a person of liberty who is over 16, lacks capacity, and can be living at home.[8][9]
The Court of Protection has the power to appoint Deputies, who can make decisions on behalf of the person who is deemed to lack capacity. The power to appoint Deputies is granted by Sections 15 to 21 of the Mental Capacity Act 2005.[4]:Sections 15 to 21 Cardiff University noted that Deputies are most commonly appointed to deal with matters of property and finances, although the Mental Capacity Act 2005 allows for Deputies to make decisions on health and welfare.[7] However, the Court of Protection either makes these decisions itself, and applications are often rejected under Sections 5 and 6 of the Mental Capacity Act 2005.[4]:Sections 5 and 6
Among its various roles the Court of Protection is responsible for determining disputes as to the registration of enduring powers of attorney, and Lasting Powers of Attorney, appointing new trustees, appointing deputies to manage the affairs of persons who do not have the mental capacity to make the relevant decisions, authorising certain gifts and making statutory wills. Examples of personal welfare issues determined by the court are decisions about where protected persons live, who they see and how they are cared for.[citation needed]
Criticism [ edit ]
Journalist Christopher Booker has written a series of articles in The Daily Telegraph critical of the Court of Protection. He has called the court the "most sinister" and "most secretive" court in the United Kingdom. Booker reported several cases where elderly Britons were forced to hand over their assets to social workers and the courts.[1][10][11] The increasing workload of the Court over the period 2008 to 2012 led to lengthy delays in making decisions involving finances of subjects of the Court. The personal difficulties arising from such delays have led to criticism of the Court.[12]
Notable cases [ edit ]
In 2015, the Court of Protection ruled that a woman with six children and an IQ of 70 should be sterilized because another pregnancy would have been a "significantly life-threatening event" for her and the foetus due to her having a very thin uterus.[13]
Gibraltar [ edit ]
The court system of Gibraltar has a similar institution also called the Court of Protection, part of its Supreme Court.
See also [ edit ]
Advertisement
Google recently released a concept video for their Project Glass, and the media world has jumped on it as the next revolution in computing, while some are doubting the technical aspects of it. Today I'd like to take a closer look at the technical feasibility of these real-life Google Goggles 5 Cool Android Apps That Will Impress Your Friends 5 Cool Android Apps That Will Impress Your Friends Smartphones are cool. That's a given. Not all smartphones are equally cool, however – even when the hardware is the same. The apps that you install on your smartphone can turn it into a non-stop... Read More ; what we know; and why this concept video should perhaps be taken with a grain of salt. I won't be getting into ethics, or why these might be the best thing since slice bread.
Bear in mind I'm certainly no expert on the topic, but I've done a good bit of research and would like to present two possibilities.
First, here's the concept video in full, for those of you who haven't seen it.
And while we're on it, here's Tom Scott's hilarious take on the matter:
Full Field of Vision Display
The main issue with the concept video is the way it implies a display could be overlayed upon the users entire field of vision. However, this is quite unlikely with current LCD technologies. Wired asked some industry experts, and they all say the same thing – the product images we've seen, and the capabilities of current technology suggest that what is portrayed in the video is unlikely. Or is it?
LCD Displays and Transparent AMOLEDs
You should know first that simply making a pair of glasses with transparent LCD screens for eyepieces wouldn't work because our eyes are biologically incapable of focusing on them. If the screens were about 10cm away (try it with your phone), you could theoretically shift focus between the screens and the real world distant object, but it would be painful to use and impractical. A solution is needed that allows them to both be closer to your eye (as in, in a pair of glasses) and focused to infinity so that the image is clear no matter where you look.
What most industry experts are assuming therefore is that the glasses use some form of miniature AMOLED or LCD display, combined with some optics to allow the output to be displayed at infinite focus. This is the method currently employed by existing commercial products, such as these ski goggles:
However, this method only allows a display to occupy a small part of your field of vision, but certainly not all of it.
Looking at both the recent product images:
And the photograph from Robert Scoble:
We can say that this method is certainly a possibility – a small screen, off to the corner of your vision. If this is the method Google has chosen, then we can safely say that what is portrayed in the concept video is impossible – the glasses simply wouldn't be capable of placing something in the center of your field of vision.
Virtual Retinal Displays
However, this isn't the only way it could be achieved. To overcome the problem of having to actually focus on an image, it is possible instead to simply beam the image directly onto our retina – a so-called Virtual Retinal Display – bypassing the need for a screen altogether. In this scenario, a small laser projector would be needed, again consistent with what we've seen so far. Though rare, Japanese manufacturer Brother (using technology based on their knowledge of laser and inkjet printers!) did in fact demonstrate a working prototype called AirScouter back in late 2010, in which a 16 inch screen was perceived by projecting the image directly onto the wearer's retina, whilst still allowing the background to be viewed. This video explains:
Notice that toward the end of the video, they even demonstrate Augmented Reality directions by proposing a cellphone connection, remarkably similar to the Project Glass concept.
The Rest
Once the display is sorted, the rest is trivial.
Mobile data connections are fast enough nowadays to provide fairly instant and data-rich feedback on locations and objects.
Cameras are tiny and one could easily be embedded into the frame of the ‘glasses', transmitting images for recognition purposes as the Google Goggles application currently does in Android phones.
A CPU and battery – I suspect these would be too bulky to fit on the frame with current technology, but it wouldn't be unreasonable to expect to users to carry the bulk of the device somewhere else on their person. I'm not suggesting the glasses link together with a separate Android phone, but phone-like functionality was in the concept and this would be one way to solve the bulk issue. Either way, there's no technological barrier.
Verdict?
If I'm completely honest, I began researching this article as a total skeptic – sure that the whole field of vision display portrayed in the concept video was nonsense, and aiming to debunk it. However, I'm now convinced that crucially by using a retinal projection system, this could actually be a reality. The technology is there – it was there a year ago – and Google has enough research cash to make this into a viable, commercial product – combined with their immense database of information for Augmented Reality applications.
What is it that makes me so convinced it isn't just a transparent mini-screen? This photograph from Thomas Hawke, taken at a recent Dining in the Dark charity event – which clearly shows it's more like a block of glass – a lens – which would be used to refract a projected image.
You know the excitement an Apple fanboy gets when it's time for another keynote? Right now, I'm feeling that for you Google – please don't let me down.
Comments are welcome, but there are more articles to come on the topic so let's keep the conversation purely on the side of technical feasibility if possible.
This is a list of notable chics.
Chics [ edit ]
Ashcan chic [ edit ]
Term used in the United States c. 2005 for a "homeless" style, similar to boho-chic, that was initially popularised in Greenwich Village. Its main features were floppy hats, sunglasses and "dust-catcher" skirts. Bobo (i.e. bourgeois-Bohemian) chic was used in a similar sense.
Beach chic [ edit ]
"Beach chic" was the title of an article in 2006 by the Times fashion editor Lisa Armstrong about shopping for accessories to accompany a bikini.[1] These included a "cover-up" (e.g. a kaftan), flat sandals, a hat, a fake tan and - with the comforting footnote, "No, you will not look like a WAG [wife or girlfriend of a footballer]" - denture cleaner to whiten finger-nails. The Sunday Times referred to the Moroccan resort of Essaouira as the "boho/barefoot-chic beach" (the latter possibly a play on the term, "bare-faced cheek").[2] See also Seaside chic.
Trend of fashion in the early 2000s (decade) which drew on earlier Bohemian and hippie styles. It was associated in particular with actress Sienna Miller and model Kate Moss. Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen have both become icons for this style.
Bon chic bon genre [ edit ]
See Parisian chic
Camilla chic [ edit ]
Emulating the style, of which Burberry was a feature, of Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, who married Charles, Prince of Wales in 2005.[3]
Casual chic [ edit ]
"Casual chic" (or "chic casual") is a difficult term to define, but can perhaps best be described as "dressing down" in a stylish way. In 2007, the clothing retailer Marks & Spencer suggested that some of the elements of "chic casual" were skinny jeans, "longline, clingy jerseys", "statement" bags and chunky jewellery, slouchy sweaters and hoodies with comfortable flats. Singer Victoria Beckham was identified as epitomising this style.[4] Easy chic ("breezy blouses, slouchy knits and sexy denim"[4]) has similar connotations.
Chav chic [ edit ]
See council house chic
Checkout chic [ edit ]
Referring to fashion ranges promoted by major supermarkets: "Tesco has stepped up its 'checkout chic' war with Asda by launching a design-led range of clothes to tempt female shoppers".[5] Cheap chic was used in a similar sense, though more in terms of the comparison between prices at supermarkets and those of leading fashion houses: "You can achieve this season's look just by visiting your local supermarket".[6]
Chelsea chic [ edit ]
Used by the Sunday Times ("The Sloane gets a sexy revamp"[2]) for fashionable trends among well-heeled "Sloane Rangers" (a portmanteau term coined in 1975 by Peter York, style editor of Harpers & Queen, from Sloane Square and the 1950s TV series The Lone Ranger[7]) in the Chelsea area of south west London.
Communist chic [ edit ]
Council house chic [ edit ]
"Council house chic"[8] or chav chic ("Chav Chic might have sunk the house of Burberry"[9]) referred to the fashions of working class "chavs" who shared Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall's taste for Burberry check. See also Camilla chic.
Cycle chic [ edit ]
To be well dressed and smart in everyday clothes whilst cycling for ordinary journeys.[10]
Eco Chic [ edit ]
Eco Chic means the use of eco-friendly textiles, such as organic cotton, silk and hemp, and also reconstructed clothing.[11]
Geek chic [ edit ]
"The look of a computer nerd".[12]
Goth chic [ edit ]
Title of a "connoisseur's guide" by Gavin Baddeley (2002) to dark or Gothic culture. Among those associated with the "goth look" were the late 1970s punk band Siouxsie and the Banshees, American punk cabaret duo The Dresden Dolls, formed in 2000, and Betty Curse, described by The Times in 2006 as the "princess of Goth pop".[13]
Heroin chic [ edit ]
Heroin chic was a look popularized in mid-1990s fashion and characterized by pale skin, dark circles underneath the eyes and angular bone structure. The look, characterised by emaciated features and androgyny, was a reaction against the healthy and vibrant look of models such as Cindy Crawford and Claudia Schiffer. A 1996 article in The Los Angeles Times opened that the fashion industry had "a nihilistic vision of beauty" that was reflective of drug addiction, while U.S. News & World Report called the movement a "cynical trend".
Hick chic [ edit ]
Hick chic" was the subject of an article in Country Life in 2006 by Carla Carlisle, American-born wife of former British Member of Parliament, Sir Kenneth Carlisle. Lady Carlisle cited a friend's description of the term: "it's farmers' markets, four-wheel drive cars, labradors, Harris Tweed, Shaker furniture, Emma Bridgewater [tableware] ...".[14] "Hick" derives from "Old Hickory", a nickname for Andrew Jackson, US President 1829-37, a frontiersman who, like hickory wood, was known for his toughness.
High Street chic [ edit ]
Applied to the sort of "everyday" sense of style that might be spotted in any metropolitan or provincial setting; most likely to be associated with prevailing "shop window" fashions. In 2004 the Observer wrote of the singer Dido that "she drifts on stage dressed in high-street chic: faded denim and a tracksuit top, which she slips off to reveal a pink camisole vest".[15] Samantha Cameron, wife of British Conservative Party leader and future Prime Minister David Cameron was described in 2006 as "spurn[ing] the designers ... for high street chic".[16]
Hippie chic [ edit ]
Also known as Art-school chic and Talitha Getty chic
Broadly similar to boho-chic (see e.g. London Evening Standard Magazine, 11 March 2005), the Hippie chic was associated in the mid-1990s with Tom Ford's collections for the Italian house of Gucci and, indeed, various aspects of hippie fashion re-appeared periodically after the "Summer of Love" of 1967 when hippiedom and psychedelia were at their peak. Art-school chic[17] had roughly similar connotations. Talitha Getty chic was applied by Hedley Freeman in the Guardian[18] to the hippie style associated in the late 1960s (and since) with the actress wife (died 1971) of John Paul Getty. Talitha Getty is said to have inspired Ford's hippie-style creations.
Marzahn chic [ edit ]
Also known as Lichtenberg chic
Refers to the clothing style seen in some eastern and northern parts of Germany. It is composed of sweatpants or tracksuits, Basecaps and running shoes, commonly in bright colors like neon pink or yellow. The name originates from the locality Berlin-Marzahn where this style can frequently be seen. It also refers to the clothing style of Cindy aus Marzahn, a fictional character played by German comedian Ilka Bessin.
Military chic [ edit ]
Also known as Soldier chic
Adoption of military gear such as camouflage patterned clothing, war medals, military insignia, surplus clothing or dog tag necklaces (adopted in the American Civil War) into fashion. The term and the similar soldier chic were widely applied c.2003-5, although in fact military apparel, such as the flight jackets worn by pilots during the Second World War, had frequently influenced fashion and paradoxically was often in vogue at times of anti-war feeling, such as in the late 1960s when protests against the Vietnam War were at their height (as, indeed, after the Iraq War of 2003): "One would have thought, given the unpopularity of armed forces activity in some quarters, that 'military chic' would not be, well, chic".[19]
Nazi chic [ edit ]
Nazi chic is the incorporation of Nazi style clothing and culture, often used for shock value, as a form of rebellion against the status quo, although it is sometimes accompanied by a genuine sympathy for or adherence to the ideology of National Socialism.
Northern chic [ edit ]
Occasionally applied retrospectively[20] to aspects of the musical and cultural boom generated by the rock group, the Beatles, and other artists such as Gerry & The Pacemakers and Billy J. Kramer and the Dakotas in 1962-4 (the "Mersey Sound"). "Northern" is a reference both to Northern England (as also with "Northern soul") and Northern Songs, which published compositions by the Beatles' John Lennon and Paul McCartney.
Parisian chic [ edit ]
Also known as Bon chic bon genre
Frequently applied to anything stylish connected with the French capital Paris or to the style of French celebrities (e.g. actress Charlotte Gainsbourg[21] or others living in Paris, such as the English actress Kristin Scott Thomas[22]). Variants included "Left Bank" or "Right Bank" chic (or even "Left Bank chic versus Right Bank polish").[23] Gainsbourg's mother, the British-born actress Jane Birkin, remarked that she would choose "English eccentricity over Parisian chic every time", adding, "chic you can learn - it's just a form of grooming".[24]
The term bon chic bon genre or BCBG ["good style, good class"] was applied in the early 1980s to the French equivalent of British "Sloane Rangers", their typical "uniform" including a mackintosh, ballet shoes, trousers, a cashmere sweater, and accessories such as a "Birkin bag" and a Cartier Tank Française wrist-watch.[25] To a large extent, it refers to upper-class, or upper-middle-class, young men and women who are well-bred, or appear so, with good bones, slim bodies, and a sophisticated, but restrained and elegant, sense of style. In the U.S., the Ralph Lauren sense of style would be the equivalent.
Porn chic [ edit ]
"Porn chic" was first applied to films such as Deep Throat (1972) and Emmanuelle (1974) which were commercially successful and thus tended to bring "soft" pornography into the mainstream. Subsequently it has been used to refer more generally to pornography in popular culture.
Prairie chic [ edit ]
Flat caps and floral dresses or aprons over jeans.[26]
Radical chic [ edit ]
Also known as Terrorist chic
First coined by journalist Tom Wolfe in 1970, radical chic has since entered broad usage as a derogatory term for the pretentious adoption of radical causes by celebrities, socialites, and high society.
Rich-girl chic [ edit ]
Said to be "oozed" by a New York socialite in Plum Sykes' The Debutante Divorcée (2006).
Rock-girl chic [ edit ]
"Rock-girl chic" has meant different things during differing periods of music and fashion, but was often associated with a hippie image and was similar enough as a phrase to the slightly patronising "rock chick" to convey a sense of being a "groupie". This and similar terms, such as "boho-rock" (2006), were often applied to model Kate Moss, about whom Rebecca Ley from Times Online wrote that "Kate veers effortlessly between rock-girl chic and dripping-in-diamonds elegance".[27] Moss's relationship in 2005–7 with Pete Doherty of the group Babyshambles tended to emphasise the tag.
Rural chic [ edit ]
Applied by the Sunday Times to a fashion collection designed and modelled by Savannah Miller, Cotswold-based sister of actress and 2000s (decade) "boho-queen" Sienna Miller, for the Hong Kong based label, Shanghai Tang.[28]
Shabby chic [ edit ]
The deliberate use of worn and shabby materials in interior design or fashion. The effect of limewashing timber-framed buildings has been described as "shabby chic".[29]
Soldier chic [ edit ]
See Military chic
Talitha Getty [ edit ]
See Hippie chic
Terrorist chic [ edit ]
See Radical chic
Tropical Chic [ edit ]
Tropical and Beach themed home accents that are influenced by island styles and tropical designs. Tropical Chic style includes modern appointments, yet casual island style living.[30]
Waif Chic [ edit ]
Characterized by crochet-knit tops, over-sized sweaters that hang loosely off a thin frame, flats, and circle-frame glasses that accentuate a doe-eyed appearance. Waif chic first came to prominence in Cambridge, MA and is a popular look among college students and young professionals in the area.
Wilderness chic [ edit ]
Fashion trend inspired by clothing typical of hikers, climbers, and mountaineers.
It's no longer news that the one item exempt from cuts in every budget slashing proposal (including Rep. Paul Ryan's "gut Medicare" offering) is aid to Israel.
Actually it is hard to use the word aid about an annual multi-billion dollar gift that goes directly to the Israeli military. That word suggests that the recipient is needy, which the Israeli military most certainly isn't. (Virtually all our aid to Israel is military).
U.S. "aid to Israel is, by far, the largest chunk of our foreign aid budget. That portion of the budget is increased (an extra billion in this year's budget) while real aid programs to the sick, hungry and impoverished in Africa, Asia, and Latin America is always on the budget cutters' chopping block. (Mitt Romney says China should provide non-military foreign aid, not us -- the wealthiest nation on earth).
It's no secret why Israel's gifts from the U.S. are immune. The Israel lobby uses its power to direct campaign contributions to ensure that no Member of Congress, or president for that matter, ever dares suggests that Israel take a hit as Americans do.
You have to wonder why Israel, at least for propaganda purposes, does not offer to accept a cut given that so many Americans are hurting so badly. I suppose the Netanyahu government does not want to establish any precedent by which Israel aid goes any direction but up, regardless of how badly the U.S. economy is doing.
The behavior of the Israeli government and its lobby toward this question reminds me of the scene in Fiddler On The Roof in which a beggar complains to a passerby who just dropped a coin in his cup:
Beggar: One kopeck? Last week you gave me two kopecks.
Donor: I had a bad week.
Beggar: So you had a bad week. Why should I suffer?
That beggar needed a lobby.
Anyone who doubts that the lobby keeps the money flowing to Israel through the selective use of campaign contributions should read this transcript. It is from 1992 and it comes from a tape in which the president of AIPAC boasts to a potential donor (who is secretly recording the conversation) about how AIPAC operates.
The good news is that, at last, the Israel "aid" program is coming under scrutiny, from journalists if not from Congress.
In Thursday's Washington Post, Walter Pincus asks why "the United States put[s] Israel's budget problems aheads of its own."
He takes specific aim at a U.S-Israel deal in which:
the United States will provide an additional $680 million to Israel over three years. The money is meant to help pay for procuring three or four new batteries and interceptors for Israel's Iron Dome short-range rocket defense program. The funds may also be used for the systems after their deployment, according to the report of the House Armed Services Committee on the fiscal 2013 Defense Authorization bill
He also notes that:
(1) The Iron Dome funds, already in legislation before Congress, will be on top of the $3.1 billion in military aid grants being provided to Israel in 2013 and every year thereafter through 2017." (2) The House committee version of the defense authorization bill... includes another $168 million "requested by [the] Government of Israel to meet its security requirements... This money is to be added to three other missile defense systems that have been under joint development by the United States and Israel. The $168 million is in addition to another $99.9 million requested by the Obama administration for those programs.
I have no problem with the U.S. helping to fund the Iron Dome project, a missile defense system that has proven effective in defending Israeli civilians from missile attacks. I have a weakness for systems that defend civilians anywhere against missile attacks, including Palestinians who are defenseless against Israeli attacks.
But I have to wonder if the overall U.S. aid program for Israel should not be cut in view of the horrific economic conditions here at home. After all, the House has voted to cut $36 billion from nutrition assistance programs, which would kick 2 million people off of food aid, cut benefits for 44 million more, and drop 280,000 low-income children from the free school lunch program.
I am no fan of budget cuts in general but with everything else under the sledgehammer, it is nuts to exempt Israel (nor would it be exempted but for the power of the lobby).
Then there is Pincus' final point.
Although the U.S. is putting $900 million into Israel's missile defense program "the United States has no rights to the technology involved."
Pincus concludes:
So here is the United States, having added to its own deficit by spending funds that it must borrow, helping to procure a missile defense system for Israel, which faces the threat but supposedly can't pay for it alone. To add insult to injury, Pentagon officials must ask the Israeli government-owned company that is profiting from the weapons sales -- including Iron Dome -- if the United States can have a piece of the action.
Are we the biggest suckers on earth or is it just the irresistible clout of the lobby. Read this transcript and you'll have your answer. Would you want to be the legislator who objects to this arrangement?
Editor's Note: This post has been updated since its original publication.
For yet another week the CoJCoL-dS hasn't done anything quite scandalous enough to overshadow the dumpster fire that the White House has become. Mormons are among the people swept up in this catastrophe. Utah Representative Jason Chaffetz came home to quite a crowd:
I am generally a fan of the civility-and-building-bridges approach to life, and I know that sometimes no amount of civility and bridge-building is going to, for example, set slaves free. Sometimes an angry protest is vital. Sometimes gentle diplomacy makes miracles. Logic and history show us that the great human-rights triumphs of history have been achieved by using both methods.
You too can join in the fun with your own representative! Or contribute to the Exponent's Environmental Issue.
And it looks like the ladies are getting restless! The women of the Exponent are joining the “Persisterhood” and the girls of the Infants smacked-down that Relief-Society-vs-Women's-March articles and memes.
As the CoJCoL-dS has decided to hitch its wagon to American patriotism, some Mormons are starting to feel the way so many others of us outside the US feel:
I was worried about my boy. He left our home and our country as the youngest missionary in my family's sixty-years history with the Church to go to a foreign nation. It's a place with an unstable government led by an authoritarian madman elected by a mob that sees themselves as beset by outsiders and their leader as justified in violating international treaties, denying residents' rights, taunting foreign governments, and doing nothing as the sick poor suffer and die. My missionary wrote home about culture shock, glossing over it in his mass emails, telling me “no, but really” in our private letters. What could I do but remind him to thank God for his Canadian passport? Then six weeks into his mission, his time at the Provo Missionary Training Center was over and he could move on, leave the surreality of Donald Trump's post-truth America, to serve his mission in countries we're more comfortable with right now: Romania and Moldova.
At least the Book of Mormon still has some odd theology and Mormonism can inspire good comics.
It's time to step back and appreciate our own life journeys! Things like lessons learned from quilting and binary numbers, a pilgrimage, and an unconventional proposal. And if you'd like to join thousands of others on an interactive map of where we've gone after leaving the CoJCoL-dS (and why we left), check out “Why I left”!
In other random fun, let's learn about shitgibbons!
Here's to surviving another week!
South Brazil freezing: temperatures below zero force closure of schools
28th Tuesday, June 2011 - 06:34 UTC Full article
Ponds and streams were covered with a coat of ice
Several cities in the south of Brazil recorded on Monday temperatures below zero Centigrade which caused the death of a man and forced the closure of schools, according to official reports.
A 41 year old man died of hypothermia early Monday in the city of Campo Grande, state of Matto Grosso do Sul where temperature ranged from minus one to plus three. The man was found in the street a few blocks from his home.
In the state of Santa Catarina temperatures dropped to below zero with the lowest in the city of Urubici, minus 4.5 degrees with 90 kilometres gusts of wind that pushed the cold factor to minus 27 degrees. Ponds and streams in the area were covered with a thin coat of ice.
In Florianopolis, capital of Santa Catarina and a renowned sea resort, thermometers registered 6 degrees below zero and further south in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, bordering with Uruguay, several locations emerged covered in snow, which forced education officials to close schools until next Wednesday.
“We've had snow before but never this cold factor. Some schools opened but by 10:00 in the morning everybody was gone because of the intense cold, nobody could stand it”, said the mayor of Sao Jose, Erivetto Sinval Velho.
Forecasts until Wednesday indicate clear skies with maximum temperatures of 16 to 18 degrees Celsius but dropping to minus 4 and 6 Celsius, warned the meteorological office.
BROOKLYN, N.Y. -- Sean Marks and Kenny Atkinson spoke with a group of reporters Tuesday, most of whom were around for last year's press conference, also one week before the official Media Day. A lot was said, and a lot of things have changed since last year, but the tone and attitude of the GM and head coach has not. Progress is still their most important product.
We offer some observations...
1. Sean Marks continues to temper expectations, despite the team adding talent.
“I think you've got to be careful with that because as we saw last year, one major injury can derail every plan you may have had. So for us, it's gonna be about staying fluid throughout the year, see what happens — I'm obviously a big proponent of development and the guy next to me, that's what he does. So it's how he develops these guys over the course of the year. They buy in, they bought in last year, they buy in this year and you're seeing guys, that progress throughout the year. I'm more excited about that.”
2. There is no ‘face' of the franchise. Everybody pulls their weight in a team-oriented culture.
“I don't think we worry about face of the franchise,” Marks said. “That's not something where me and Kenny go Jeremy you're the face, D'Angelo you're the face. We don't do that. This is something that ultimately the fan base, the media anoints these people, right or wrong. For us, It's always been about team. It's the way he wants to play. It's team basketball. It's pass first, and that's the way we want to do this. There's nobody that expectations or rules apply differently to anyone else. It's flat across the board, and I think guys appreciate that. We both came from franchises that — look everyone knew that it was Tim Duncan's team, but he was treated exactly the same as Rasho Nesterovic or even lower, Sean Marks way down the line. Your expectations are the same, and I think guys buy into that.”
3. D'Angelo Russell and Jeremy Lin will co-exist and share time at point guard.
“I really believe that we can make it work,” Kenny Atkinson said. “They're both gonna play. There are 48 minutes out there. I think if you put it on a spreadsheet, you can figure out they're both gonna be playing a lot of point guard. The great thing abut both of those guys is they both play the wing in this league too.”
4. Isaiah Whitehead is not a lock to get minutes in Brooklyn. This comes as little surprise as there's a logjam at the 1 and 2 positions.
“He's gotta compete. He's gotta compete for minutes, compete for a job. I thought Isaiah had some really great moments last year. I really believe in him,” Atkinson said of Whitehead.
5. The Nets value DeMarre Carroll more than you think. He IS the veteran leader they need for this young team. Sean Marks is enamored by him.
“Obviously you have a guy like DeMarre Carroll — when a guy like that who, Kenny and DeMarre are close. DeMarre's been on 60-plus win teams for the last 3 or 4 years so he knows what he's doing out there and he didn't come here to lose,” Marks said. “So he's gonna hold these guys accountable, set some expectations and so forth, how they do things on the court, and Kenny, because of his relationship with DeMarre, won't be afraid to hold him accountable. So it's sort of that trickle down effect where Kenny can coach DeMarre hard and DeMarre expects it, and he'll in return do the same thing for his peers.”
6. D'Angelo Russell's defense is a work in progress, among other things.
“He wants to come in here, he has a chip on his shoulder, he knows defensively he's got to get better, but he's got to get better at a lot of different things," said Marks. "His all-around game. We all know that he makes players better. He's got a high basketball I.Q. Now how does he take that on the court with a new group of guys that he's never played with before and how do they develop trust together? How does Caris and him develop trust together? How do Jeremy and D'Angelo get along on the court? Trevor Booker and D'Angelo, and so forth. How quickly does he pick up on their tendencies and where they like the ball and so forth? The leadership? That's in his court."
7. The G League will certainly be utilized for certain guys.
Atkinson: "I think there will be plenty of opportunity to develop the whole roster. For some guys we have our D-League team for the second year — G League, excuse me. I'm gonna get that right. I don't know how long that's gonna take — so there will be plenty opportunity. I think we have a plan in place. Obviously, we have our guys that'll play the big minutes, but for some of the other guys, they'll get their opportunity.”
Marks: “I think the G League if you use that one strategically, whether it's Jarrett or whomever, it affords you the opportunity to get minutes. And that's the way these guys are gonna develop. It's hard to develop once you really get into the heat of the season and there's a one-hour practice here and then there's a 20-minute shoot-around then there's a game and then you're playing the game. So I think we'll certainly be trying to strategically use that, the G League, and our close proximity to it as much as we can.”
8. They are very high on rookie Jarrett Allen.
“We're excited about our rookie, I think he's gonna be really good. I think we'll have to do it by committee at the big guy position,” Atkinson said.
“I think you're seeing a guy, his athletic ability is pretty impressive. How fast he is up and down the court, how quick he is off his feet. How well he moves. We're talking about a modern 5 man in this league. He kind of fits the bill. I'd been bothering Sean like, ‘Hey can we get a guy, that kind of player, in our system.' Listen, I don't wanna make the guys Kareem Abdul-Jabbar right off the bat, but definitely excited about him. The last thing about him, I just like his demeanor. He's a quiet, competitive guy and we're excited to see him get on the court.”
9. Atkinson and Marks need one another to turn this ship around. It's crucial the GM and coach are on the same page the way these two are. Reassurance and positivity is needed, especially when you're in a situation like Kenny Atkinson.
Atkinson: “I lean on Sean all the time for that. The other thing is I'd say we're two pretty positive guys. We turn things in a positive way. Sean talks me off a cliff a lot of times because it's emotional, especially after games. I lean on him a lot and he's got such a positive outlook and a positive vibe. And that's been huge for me, personally. So it's great to go in his office after a tough loss or a player's not performing like he should. And then it's like, how are we going to come to a solution as a group? And he gives me ideas all the time, I go into the coaches room.”
Marks: “One way we do it is we spend an awful lot of time in each other's office. I dont know if we wanna combine the 2 (offices), but I think it's important that we know our doors are open to each other and Kenny can come in there and vent to me about whatever's on his mind. Or just ideas. I think when you know or find guys that are basketball purists and just really love the game, Kenny'll come to me and say, ‘Hey I was watching this game and I saw this, or you've got Oklahoma City, what are you doing?' The point is he's got some ideas out there, some fresh ideas he can always bounce off me — ‘what do you think about this player?' — and vice versa. I can come back in there. I think we've both seen it from different seats.
10. There is no looking back at what could've been.
Marks: “Had you not told me where that pick went, I wouldn't have known. I mean, it's not our pick right? So, if I focus on what could have been, I wouldn't be here, Kenny wouldn't be here. Our focus is on what we have right in front of us, is those 15 guys. I'd be doing them a complete disservice if I was focused on what Boston's gonna do with that pick. What Cleveland's gonna do with that pick. Our focus is on those guys at hand and they appreciate that.”
***
Nothing earth-shaking was said, nor did we even get the slightest hint of who is going to start —Atkinson said he has a lineup "way in the back of my head"—- and who is going to be in what role. Marks and Atkinson are in this together. They both came in a matched set last year, neither with any experience as the top guy. That's no longer the case. They've built their relationship and trust, so much that they're close to finishing each other's sentences.
The key is that, while everybody is expecting a fun season, and as we said, the ‘p' word will not be spoken. They appreciate the players' having an optimistic outlook, but neither will commit to that kind of talk, by any means.
Development, development, development.
Get used to it. They are.
SAN FRANCISCO—New lawyers for dozens of Uber drivers who feel that the previous lead attorney did not represent their interests in a proposed class action settlement forcefully argued on Thursday for the deal to be halted.
Several weeks ago, the two sides came to a proposed agreement of $100 million and other benefits, which would end the class-action lawsuit known as O'Connor v. Uber. The lawsuit covers 385,000 current and former drivers in California and Massachusetts. The settlement requires sign-off by the judge to take effect.
However, some Uber drivers, including lead plaintiff Douglas O'Connor, feel the settlement was grossly insufficient and that the underlying issue—whether drivers should be treated as employees rather than contractors—remains unresolved.
Earlier in the day, Uber was hit with yet another related lawsuit brought by drivers in New York City. The Thursday hearing also came just one day after Saudi Arabia agreed to invest $3.5 billion in the company.
Classifying Uber drivers as employees rather than contractors would entitle them to a number of benefits under federal law. This includes unemployment benefits, workers' compensation, the right to unionize, and most importantly the right to seek reimbursement for mileage and tips. This reclassification would also incur new and significant costs for Uber.
Uber attorney Theodore Boutrous reiterated to US District Judge Edward Chen that anyone who wants to remove themselves from the class and pursue legal claims on their own is free to do so.
"I do think that people who opt out of the case could band together and could seek to bring another case," he said in court.
Similarly, Shannon Liss-Riordan, the lead attorney who initially represented O'Connor and continues to represent the certified class of drivers essentially argued that she got the best deal that she could. If the proposed settlement is approved, her firm would receive $25 million in fees.
"The reality is that had we not been able to give Uber that global peace, there would not have been a resolution and we would not have been able to obtain the monetary and non-monetary benefits that I believe are significant," she said. "That was my judgement, others may disagree, it is for the court to determine whether this settlement we have proposed is a fair and adequate settlement."
However, Judge Chen expressed significant concern that the settlement was "giving away" rights to future litigation and forces future disputes to arbitration, a private process that largely favors corporations.
Let's make a deal?
O'Connor lambasted the terms of the settlement in a court filing weeks after it was agreed upon:
When I initiated the O'Connor action nearly 3 years ago, I did so because it was apparent to me that the failure to properly classify Uber drivers as employees presented the most significant hazard to the economy and public safety in a generation. A "gig economy" does not mean an economy without rules and regulations that protect both driver and passenger. Employee protections exist for the benefit of employees and the communities they serve. The fact that services now take place across Internet applications like Uber does not vitiate these employee protections or make these protections less necessary. Unfortunately, the magnitude of this generational threat was given short shrift in the O'Connor class action as almost no meaningful discovery or depositions were taken, but where the average Uber driver will now receive an offensive settlement worth less than a tank of gas. I cannot in good conscience support this disastrous settlement agreement.
Similarly, Steven Price, the lead plaintiff in a related case filed in state court in Los Angeles (Price v. Uber), argued in his own filings that the proposed settlement terms are "illusory," and that "over half of the Settlement Class stand to receive less than $25 from the proposed Settlement."
As his attorney, Christopher Morosoff, wrote:
The main goal of the O'Connor case, and every other related case including the Price action, is to have Uber drivers declared to be "employees" rather than "independent contractors" under California law. The proposed settlement would abandon this goal and unjustifiably concede that the drivers are and have been independent contractors. Thus, the main aspect of the proposed settlement is contrary to the original goal of the lawsuit. This Court should not approve a settlement agreement that is contrary to the original goal of the lawsuit.
If drivers convince a judge that they should be considered employees, it would represent a momentous victory over Uber—but that proposition remains a tall order at this stage.
Uber's attorneys argued in filings last month that the settlement should be approved, as the objectors constitute a "minuscule percentage (0.00008 percent) of the potential settlement class members," and therefore cannot halt the settlement process at this stage.
"If the objectors believe the settlement is unfair or inadequate, they are entitled to object again at the final approval stage and/or opt out of the settlement class–not defeat the settlement in its entirety," Theane Evangelis wrote.
Further, she added, while the average monetary reward for each driver would be relatively small, "these objections generally do not account for, or even mention, the substantial risk that there would be no recovery on these claims."
In court, Boutrous also argued that Uber has agreed to implement numerous non-monetary policies, including creating a "Drivers Association," which will be able to represent drivers to the management each quarter.
"One way to work out the issues is for individuals to litigate their claims and that likely will happen," he said. "This settlement is a landmark and it advances the entire enterprise and I don't want to get that lost as we go right to the objectors."
Similarly, Liss-Riordan retorted to the objecting attorneys: "I did the best we could under the circumstances."
Judge Chen is expected to rule on the matter within the coming months.
Demon Flash Mobs (members only)
There's brimstone on the breeze this week as Demon Flash Mobs manifest in RuneScape, taking you to Gielinor's darkest places to test your team-based combat skills to the max!
While on members' worlds, those of you with combat level 120 or higher will receive hourly notifications in your chat boxes informing you of demonic incursions at any of 14 locations around the world, including the Wilderness. To take on these graphically reworked beasts, you'll need to gear up for combat and gather some friends, because this'll be no walk in the park.
Each invasion will be led by a demon boss, but initially he'll hang back and gather power while you fight his minions. These consist of imp heralds, lesser demons and black demons. Defeating all imp heralds will render the lesser demons vulnerable to attack, and defeating them will allow you to attack the black demons. The longer it takes you to defeat the lesser demons and black demons, the tougher the demon boss will be when he finally goes on the warpath, so take them down as quickly as you can!
When you face the demon boss, you'll notice that he'll have titles before and after his name. These give you clues as to his combat style and special abilities. For example, a demon named 'General Mord'uun the Blazing' would fight with accurate melee attacks (from 'General') which would cause additional fire-based damage over time (from 'the Blazing'). For a book giving further details on the meaning of demon names, speak to Brother Celerity in Edgeville Monastery, or take a look here.
When defeated, the demon boss can give some valuable drops. Best among these are pieces of demon slayer armour, along with main-hand and off-hand demon slayer crossbows. This awesome ranged gear has good stats - the armour is equivalent to black dragonhide, and the crossbows are better than rune crossbows - and you'll get a boost to damage dealt and experience gained while fighting demons for each piece of the gear you equip. A full set of the gear makes the crossbows better than their dragon equivalents when fighting demons! It's worth noting that fighting a flash mob in the Wilderness gives you a greater chance of getting a demon slayer gear drop, and other drops will be worth around three times as much as elsewhere!
So, buckle up your best smiting trousers and gather some strong friends to your side - it's time for some demon-slaying mayhem!
Mod Wilson
How to start Demon Flash Mobs:
Keep an eye out for announcements in your chat window (Please note: these can be switched off with the Doomsayer in Lumbridge, if you wish).
For further advice, speak to Brother Celerity in Edgeville Monastery.
Requirements:
You must be a RuneScape member.
It is strongly recommended that you have a combat level of at least 120 before fighting demon flash mobs, and you won't see any flash mob announcements until you have reached that level.
Demon Slayer Quest Rework (free players and members)
The Wilderness isn't the only place where demonic forces pierce the veil. In a rework of the old Demon Slayer quest, you'll help Grüfeld Bach - demon hunter extraordinaire - to foil a wicked plot against Varrock by finding the legendary sword Silverlight.
The new quest is a much more focused experience than its travel-heavy predecessor, as you complete trials to test your mind, body and spirit on your quest for the sword, and comes complete with shiny new graphics and amazing audio.
If you've already completed the old version of the quest, you'll be able to replay this one. You won't get any more Quest Points for doing so, though, and you won't need to complete the new quest in order to wear your quest cape or completionist cape.
Mod Liono
How to start Demon Slayer:
Speak to Grüfeld Bach in Varrock.
Requirements:
None.
Behind the Scenes Video
Take a tour of Demon Flash Mobs in our latest Behind the Scenes video:
In Other News
Garb yourself in the aspect of your fallen foes with Demonflesh Armour overrides, available in Solomon's General Store!
Keep an eye out for details of Cashbags - a replacement for regular coin rewards that tailors coins won to your level - coming this weekend to the Squeal of Fortune!
General Graardor has let himself go a bit recently, so we've sent him to the gym for a while. His training is now complete, which should make him more of a challenge.
New "Hide helm" and "Hide cape" override options have been added to the Customisation Interface.
An issue causing certain users' loading bars to become stuck at 50% has been resolved.
The patch notes archive can be seen here.
Discuss this here.
Foto: YouTube/Retraction Watch
HRVATSKOJ kritičarki cjepiva i cijepljenja Luciji Tomljenović nedavno je povučen rad u kojem je pokušala dokazati da aluminij u cjepivima uzrokuje autizam.
>> IRSKA STRUČNJAKINJA "Šokirana sam, HTV lažima reklamira otrove kao lijek"
Tomljenović nije nepoznata hrvatskoj javnosti. Naprotiv, omiljena je među antivakcinalistima, a u svojstvu znanstvenice koja istražuje štetne nuspojave cijepljenja u više je navrata gostovala u opskurnim konzervativnim medijima, ali i na HTV-u. U svijetu je neki također znaju po gorljivom vjerskom aktivizmu, odbacivanju katoličanstva i protivljenju Darwinovoj teoriji evolucije.
Njezino ime podjednako je poznato u znanstvenoj zajednici, u kojoj je mnogi smatraju pseudoznanstvenicom. Na njezin rad i tvrdnje ogorčeno su reagirale i neke udruge koje se bore za prava autistične djece, a o njoj i njezinu aktivizmu svojevremeno smo pisali i mi na Indexu.
Priznali greške
Jedan od podrobnijih kritičkih osvrta na novi rad Tomljenović i njezinog kolege Christophera A. Shawa objavljen je nedavno na stranici The Mad Virologist. U njemu više autora ističe da istraživanje ima brojne pogreške – primjerice, da su u njemu količine aluminija koje su davane miševima bile i do 10 puta veće od onih koje primaju djeca u prvih šest godina života, da su davane ranije u razvoju nego što se daju djeci, da se miševi ne mogu smatrati savršenim modelima za ljudski organizam (u protivnom bi djelotvornost lijekova bilo dovoljno dokazivati na njima op.a.), da su geni koje su istraživali loše odabrani, na temelju stare literature, da nisu prijavili slučajeve u kojima aluminij nije ništa uzrokovao, da grafičke prezentacije ukazuju na moguće manipulacije podacima i brojkama itd.
Nakon ozbiljnih kritika, prema Retraction Watchu, članak objavljen u časopisu Inorganic Biochemistry povukli su zajednički i autori i urednici časopisa.
Štoviše, Shaw je priznao određene pogreške na koje su ukazivali kritičari – da su neke brojke i ilustracije koje su ukazivale na posljedice cijepljenja bile izmijenjene.
Nije im prvi grijeh
Ovo nije prvi rad Tomljenović i njezina suradnika Shawa na sličnu temu koji je povučen. Naime, 2016. godine časopis Vaccine povukao je studiju u kojoj je dvojac pokušao dokazati da aluminij kao pojačivač u cjepivu Gardasil protiv ljudskog papiloma virusa (HPV) uzrokuje abnormalnosti u ponašanju ženki miševa.
„Ovaj članak povučen je na zahtjev glavnog urednika zbog ozbiljne zabrinutosti da nije znanstveno uvjerljiv. Recenzija glavnog urednika i evaluacija vanjskih stručnjaka potvrdili su da metodologija u njemu ima ozbiljne pogreške te da zaključci koji se iznose u članku nisu opravdani“, naveo je tada časopis Vaccine u svojem obrazloženju odluke.
Nakon povlačenja, tekst je objavljen u jednom drugom, manje značajnom časopisu.
Unosan antivakcinalizam
Prva reakcija protivnika cijepljenja na ovu vijest mogla bi biti nešto tipa: „Aha, farmaceutski lobi zbog novca ponovno zatire istinu“. No antivakcinalisti će pritom biti skloni previdjeti činjenicu da se u alternativnoj i komplementarnoj medicini (CAM) također vrti golem novac.
Čisto za ilustraciju, samo u SAD-u na alternativne i komplementarne metode liječenja godišnje se troši oko 34 milijarde dolara, što nije zanemariv udio u ukupnoj potrošnji Amerikanaca na sve oblike zdravstvene zaštite i liječenja. Osobito kada se u obzir uzme poznati podatak da su troškovi proizvodnje i testiranja komplementarnih i alternativnih lijekova zanemarivi u usporedbi s troškovima u konvencionalnoj medicini. Naime, poznato je da zbog vrlo visokih standarda i strogih mjera sigurnosti plasman prosječnog lijeka na tržište košta blizu milijarde dolara. Budući da se za alternativne i komplementarne lijekove ne mora dokazivati učinkovitost već samo neštetnost, troškovi njihove proizvodnje neusporedivo su manji.
A glavna reklama CAM biznisa, naravno, sastoji se u plašenju ljudi zlima konvencionalne medicine i farmaceutske industrije.
Tu sad dolazimo do tzv. CAM lobija. Naime, kao što farmaceutska industrija ima svoje lobiste, ima ih i CAM. U ovoj našoj priči stoga je zanimljivo vidjeti tko financira istraživanja Tomljenović i Shawa.
Prije svega, to je zaklada Dwoskin Family Foundation koja je u svijetu poznata po antivakcinalističkoj propagandi. Ili kako kažu sami čelnici – 'po borbi za sigurnija cjepiva'. Jedna CNN-ova grafika lijepo ilustrira protok novca između raznih antivakserskih organizacija i zaklade Dwoskin. Među ostalim, zanimljivo je i to da je Claire Dwoskin istovremeno članica upravnog odbora poznate antivakcinalističke organizacije National Vaccination Information Center koja dobiva novac od zaklade. Ova organizacija na Jamajci je 2011. organizirala konferenciju o 'sigurnosti cijepljenja' na kojoj je ugostila Tomljenović i Shawa.
Rad našeg dvojca financijski pomaže i poznata antivakcinalistička zaklada Katlyn Fox koja sredstva prikuplja među zabrinutim roditeljima. Drugim riječima, što uplašeniji roditelji, to više novaca u zakladi i u džepovima antivakcinalistički nastrojenih znanstvenika.
Treći financijer dvojca o kojem govorimo jest zaklada Luther Allyn Shourds Dean estate sa sličnim ambicijama.
Kanadski National Post objavio je 2016. da je Laboratorij Tomljenović i Shawa od ove tri zaklade od 2011. do 2016. za svoja istraživanja štetnosti cjepiva ukupno dobio oko 1,4 milijuna USD.
Budući da antivakcinalisti automatski sumnjaju u sva istraživanja koja imaju ikakve financijske veze s farmaceutskom industrijom, postavlja se pitanje ne bi li 'istim aršinom' trebali suditi i istraživanjima Tomljenović i Shawa?
Nestručni stručnjaci
Za našu priču također je zanimljivo primijetiti da ni Tomljenović ni Shaw zapravo nisu stručnjaci za cjepiva – niti su virolozi, ni imunolozi ni epidemiolozi. Shaw zapravo radi na Odsjeku za oftalmologiju (znanost koja se bavi očima) na University of British Columbia u Kanadi. Pritom se predstavlja kao neuroznanstvenik, što bi trebalo opravdati činjenicu da istražuje povezanost cjepiva s autizmom. Međutim, čak i u neuroznanosti njegovo područje stručnosti nije autizam, već amiotrofična lateralna skleroza (ALS).
Tomljenović je pak doktorirala biokemiju, a radi kod Shawa.
Dvojbe oko časopisa
Neki znanstveni blogeri također su ukazali na činjenicu da je novi rad objavljen u časopisu koji baš i nije najprikladniji za ovu tematiku. Naime, Inorganic Biochemistry nema istinski stručnih recenzenata koji bi na najkvalitetniji mogući način mogli procijeniti je li nova studija Tomljenović i Shawa uistinu provedena bez greške.
Brojne studije protiv veze autizma i cjepiva
Konačno, ne treba zaboraviti ni činjenicu da su stotine brojnih i ozbiljnih istraživanja pokazale da ne postoji povezanost između autizma i cjepiva. Na sličan način nije utvrđena ni povezanost aluminija s autizmom.
Primjerice, jedna velika studija provedena na golemom uzorku od preko pola milijuna ljudi u Danskoj, objavljena 2002. u uglednom časopisu British Medical Journal, pokazala je da nema povezanosti između cjepiva MMR i autizma – udio osoba s autizmom bio je isti među cijepljenima i među necijepljenima.
Do sličnih rezultata došla je i ugledna neovisna međunarodna organizacija Cochrane koja se ne financira sredstvima farmaceutskih kompanija. Ona je pročešljala brojne studije u koje je bio uključen značajno veći broj djece.
„Međunarodna organizacija Cochrane, koja promovira medicinu utemeljenu na dokazima, objavila je sustavni pregled literature o MMR cjepivu u koji je uključen niz studija, i u kojima je procijenjena djelotvornost i sigurnost MMR cjepiva na 14.700.000 djece. Zaključak je da nisu pronađeni dokazi o povezanosti MMR cjepiva i autizma“, navodi Livia Puljak, profesorica Medicinskog fakulteta u Splitu i voditeljica Hrvatskog Cochranea.
Naprotiv, većina stručnjaka danas smatra da je autizam uglavnom genetski uzrokovan te da njegov porast u populaciji treba prije svega zahvaliti sve boljoj dijagnostici. Drugim riječima, brojna djeca koja bi se još prije 50-ak godina najvjerojatnije smatrala lijenom ili neinteligentnom, danas se prepoznaju kao osobe sa spektrom autizma.
Osim toga, korelacija koja pokazuje da broj osoba s autizmom raste kako raste procijepljenost ne govori ništa. Slična korelacija postoji i između uzgoja organske hrane i autizma.
Jedan od ključnih argumenata koji proizlazi iz opažanja roditelja – da djeca počinju pokazivati simptome autizma nakon prvog cijepljenja MMR-om u prvoj godini života, također je problematičan. Naime, to je upravo vrijeme kada se prvi očiti simptomi autizma kod djece prirodno počinju pokazivati, što znači da to jednostavno može biti stvar neizbježne koincidencije.
Konačno, kritičari nove studije ističu da ne postoje dokazi da aluminij uzrokuje autizam. Taj se metal na prirodan način kroz hranu i iz okoliša unosi u organizam u značajno većim količinama nego što se unosi redovnim programima cijepljenja.
Tekst se nastavlja ispod oglasa
Sacramento Kings rookie Georgios Papagiannis has seen his minutes increase since the All-Star break and has proven he belongs in the NBA.
After spending most of the first half of the season with the Reno Bighorns, the 7'1'' center from Greece has shown an impressive ability to set screens for his teammates, notch double-doubles and even throw some nice passes. Over the last 12 games he is averaging nearly 8 points 5 rebounds, 1 assist and close to 1 block in 20 minutes per game. He has impressed beyond his numbers, however, showing strong court awareness.
We recently caught up with Papagiannis. Below are excerpts from the interview.
Where is your comfort level at right now?
I'm really comfortable right now with the team. I'm getting playing time in every game and it gives me the opportunity to get more comfortable with the team. This is the team I am going to be with next year so it's like a base from this year for the next year. We're going to be in Summer League together and everything is good.
Who have you had learned from the most here?
Coach Bob [Thornton] helps me a lot on the court and during film sessions and coach [Bryan] Gates, coach Larry [Lewis] - actually every coach here has helped me a lot, but coach Bob is like the most help for me guy on this team besides Kosta [Koufos] and GT [Garrett Temple], AT [Anthony Tolliver] and all these players.
What have you gleaned from him (coach Thornton) that you have added to your game?
Obviously, I'm a big body, he's trying to help me when I'm supposed to put my body into the defender so I can get easier points and just trying to teach me the easiest ways because most of the time I'm the biggest body on the floor so I can get in front with that so I can get points from it.
I recently heard you talking about how you used to play all these sports, including tennis, and then you realized basketball was it for you. When did that click for you?
I started getting taller and taller and my father used to play basketball for a lot of years so it was kind of like an obvious thing for me to play basketball. Basketball is the only sport that I really love ... I started playing basketball around 11.
Were you always just naturally bigger than everyone else so you played center every time or were there other positions you played when you were younger?
I was always a center. When I was 13 they would try to put me at the 4 and then I changed things and they just put me at the 5 again ... I'm good with playing the 5.
How difficult has it been switching from the European style of play to the NBA?
The first three months was hard. It was very different, like it's a way different playing style ... D League helped me a lot to improve on that.
What is the main thing you had to change with your game for the transition?
The body … And then it's like you have to find the ways for you and for your team to get points and then help on defense as most as you can.
How much weight did you lose?
It's a lot of weight. It's different, I'm a whole different player right now ... it was a lot of working out, a lot of games in the D-League.
How do you think you, Willie Cauley-Stein and Skal Labissiere complement each other on the floor?
Us three, we have a great chemistry with each other. We want everybody to help the team because us bigs we want to give the best of our ability for our team to win. Since August, we're working out us three together and we have great chemistry, great environment.
You have been showing signs of how well you can pass as well. Has passing always been a part of your game?
When I was on the Greek National Team every summer they would put me in the post and have a player always to wait for a three-point shot and it's like, I love passing the ball to my players to get easy baskets. So, I'm trying to do everything on the court I can to get my team to win.
How is approaching rebounding right now?
The first games that I was playing more minutes I got more rebounds, but now sometimes they are going to put me in pick and rolls and it's hard sometimes to go and get the rebound. Or other times … I have to stay out of the paint because I was kind of like a 4/5 player and if I don't get the rebound I was trying to box out my player so Willie gets the rebound and that's great with me. If we get the rebound it's great for the team.
You guys recently played in New Orleans, did you have a chance to catch up with DeMarcus Cousins a little bit?
Yeah, I talked to DeMarcus and he was one of the guys who helped me a lot here. I thanked him for the help he gave to me.
What do you want to add to your game this offseason?
Get bigger, stronger, faster, that's going to be really important for next year. And just my low post game, my shot and then my defense stuff structural - I'll try to do everything.
You guys have lost games, but it seems like you are competitive. How positive is that?
We are a competitive team. You saw it against the Rockets ... even with just two games left, there's really good energy on the team.
The International Genome Sample Resource (IGSR) was established to ensure the ongoing usability of data generated by the 1000 Genomes Project and to extend the data set. More information is available about the IGSR .
Latest Announcements
Monday December 17, 2018
Variant calls from 1000 Genomes Project data calling against GRCh38
An integrated and phased biallelic SNV call set, generated from alignments of the 1000 Genomes phase three low coverage and exome sequence data, is available on our FTP site. These calls were called directly against GRCh38. This data set combines call sets generated using GATK, FreeBayes and BCFtools, with subsequent imputation and phasing carried out using Beagle and SHAPEIT2. A recent poster describing the methods used in generating this data is available and a data note is in preparation. We are also in the process of submitting the data to EVA/dbSNP.
The files include: per chromosome files with genotypes for all samples, a genome wide sites file and genotype files for each of the supporting call sets. The main files contain only unrelated individuals, with details for related individuals available in a separate set of files.
Data files are available at: http://ftp.1000genomes.ebi.ac.uk/vol1/ftp/data_collections/1000_genomes_project/release/20181203_biallelic_SNV/
We will work toward releasing a pre-print of the data note as soon as possible but, in the meantime, please contact info@1000genomes.org with any questions.
EDGE preview for Dark Souls II has been released and plenty of information on Dark Souls II is revealed now. This is the biggest game of FromSoftware as of now. For development of Dark Souls II, FromSoftware development team size has been almost doubled.
As most interesting highlights from this EDGE preview for Dark Souls II are posted on NeoGAF by a member Darth Zandatsu, following information of Dark Souls II we are aware of:
Dark Souls II map size is almost same as Dark Souls except this time players will have more freedom to choose how they wanna proceed throughout the game.
Higher difficulty, expect Dark Souls II journey to be more difficult this time.
Dark Souls II bosses will have more challenging fighting styles.
We can expect to see opening cinematic next month i.e. January.
Members of the Brotherhood of Blood and Blue Sentinels can fight PvP battles within their own Covenants.
No confirmation for PS4 and Xbox One version.
Game is being developed based on PC, we can expect a good PC version game.
Source: NeoGAF
Next page
Imagine you're approaching the counter at Walmart. The cashier looks in your wagon and politely informs you that as a Catholic she can't ring up your condoms. Another cashier, a Christian Scientist, says he's refusing to ring up your aspirin. An Orthodox Jew tells you she can't ring up your bacon. A Muslim says he won't touch the bikini you have in your wagon. And then there's other Kim Davis wannabes who, as strict bible-interpreting devout Christians, won't serve you because you're gay, or have been divorced.
These cashiers would claim to be acting under the "authority of God" in their pursuit of "religious freedom." Are these plausible scenarios? You betchya, especially if someone like Davis isn't forced to follow the rule of law and the decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court. You think shopping at Walmart is crazy now? Just wait till the God Squad's in charge.
It may be 2015, but in many ways when it comes to race, religion, gender and sex it feels like the '50's. To be sure, tremendous progress has been made in not just tolerating but accepting people of all shapes, sizes, colors, faiths and sexual orientation. But there remains a (thankfully) small and ignorant minority that wishes to turn the clock back to when white, christian, heterosexual males were in charge. The good old days, according to these narrow-minded, backward oppressors.
And yet here we are still, incredulous that we're actually debating whether the definition of an individual's religious rights and freedoms should be mangled in a heaping pile of dogma crap to mean the right to persecute others. I suppose discrimination is ok as long as it's done under the cloak of God, right? But what would Jesus actually do, I wonder? Well, I'm pretty sure he wouldn't be telling his followers to persecute someone in his name because she was poor, sick, gay, a woman, an immigrant or of a different faith. And I'm also sure as shit that he wouldn't have race-baiting homophobes like Mike Huckabee and Ted Cruz as his spokesmen.
When I was in college, in the early 90s, a friend commented that she wished that gays were better treated in church. Another friend asked what that might look like. She responded that she hoped we'd come to a point where someone could say to a ward member, “Please stop trying to set me up with your daughter—I'm gay,” and that that person would still be welcomed in the ward.
I remember thinking that that would never happen.
I'm painfully aware that some LGBTQ saints are treated very poorly, but I'm pleased to be at least partially wrong in my thinking. I certainly would not have thought that I'd see the day when a member of the Quorum of the Twelve would talk approvingly of a gay seminary teacher in General Conference, and I absolutely positively did not think that Deseret Book would ever publish anything including these sentences: “Being gay is one of the great blessings of my life” and “If you are the parent of a gay child who decides to marry a same-sex partner, I encourage you to be there, to participate fully and with happiness for their happiness.”
But here we are.
Tom Christofferson has written a book called That We May Be One: A Gay Mormon's Perspective On Faith and Family , and Deseret Book has published it. The book will have an added measure of moral authority with many members of the church because Christofferson's brother, D. Todd Christofferson, is a member of the Quorum of the Twelve, and much of the book concerns the reaction of the extended Christofferson family to Tom's coming out, asking to be excommunicated, and then living for decades with a male partner. (The story of the extended family's loyalty to Tom and his partner is one of the best parts of the book and wrung tears out of even my cold, shriveled heart.)
The book is largely a memoir, with a few sections devoted to spiritual lessons that Tom has learned. The power of the latter sections is such that I hope that even people with minimal interest in LGBTQ issues would read the book.
Tom's journey back to the church is a fascinating one: it involved a ward who welcomed him—and his partner—with open arms. Tom argues against the idea that shunning is somehow necessary to remind gays of the commandments and points out that, when he was ready to return to full activity, he did not have to overcome the additional barriers of bitterness and pride that family or ward ostracism would have created.
I was continually surprised by how amazing Christofferson is. Here he is responding to “a common tendency of those who feel that they need to disaffiliate from the Church” to choose to violate commandments in order to show the world that they are not LDS. He writes: “If reading this book is your last stop before throwing in your towel, I appeal to you: if you feel the need to show you are different from Mormons, then please be a more consistent Christian than we sometimes are.”
Ouch. And: wow. He also writes, “If your gay, lesbian, or bisexual loved one has decided to look for a same-sex partner, I think you might suggest trying to select someone with whom he or she can kneel in prayer each day.” And this is one of my favorite passages:
“I find myself a member of two tribes. I love equally my lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer brothers and sisters, as well as my fellow Latter-day Saints, and I so desperately want each to love and esteem the other. I love my Mormon brothers and sisters for their eagerness to help one another and the wider world; I love them for their devotion to duty; I love their decency and their reverence for things sacred. I love my queer brothers and sisters for their zest for life; I love their humor and sensitivity to others; I love that they seek fairness for all; I love their loyalty and their optimism for a better tomorrow. This Zion we are venturing to create needs all of these strengths and all of these gifts. Every individual is needed and wanted in His kingdom.”
I hope that this book reaches a wide audience; it has the potential to actually move the conversation forwards on LGBTQ issues in the church. It is true that the prose is more workmanlike than transcendent (Christofferson is a businessman, not a professional writer), but this book is truly a gem. It is required reading for LGBTQ LDS and the people who love them—and I would hope that would be all of us.
In Einstein's universe, spacetime is supposed to be some crazy rubber sheet full of folds and bends. But the idea of curved space is not the most intuitive in the world. And what does light have to do with any of this? In this week's Ask a Physicist, we'll find out.
For the last few weeks, we've been running a contest to answer some of the most interesting questions about the cosmos. This week's winner is RT who should shoot me an email to get a free signed copy of my new book. He/she asks:
Advertisement
Advertisement
If light has no mass, then how does it interact with massive objects like the sun through gravity… Read more Read
If light has no mass, then how does it interact with massive objects like the sun through gravity causing it to bend? Also, on the extreme side, what does the edge of the event horizon look like on a black hole as the light is bent around?
If you want to understand gravity, you need to understand General Relativity – with no disrespect to Isaac Newton intended. To understand Relativity, we need to understand "spacetime" – which, as just as it sounds like, is just space and time smashed together.
Advertisement
The great John Archibald Wheeler had a ready description for how all of these fits together. "Spacetime tells matter how to move;" he said, "matter tells spacetime how to curve."
This curvature of spacetime has caused a lot of confusion over the years, and while bowling balls on rubber sheets may give a vague conceptual idea of how gravity works, let's get back to basics and figure out where this curvature comes from. It will also give me a really good opportunity to riff on one of Einstein's more awesome thought experiments.
Before we get into how gravity works, I need to say a few words about space and time.
Advertisement
Image Credit: NASA, Andrew Fruchter and the ERO Team
A Relativity Primer
Einstein came up with his famous Theory of Special Relativity in 1905. The idea, as you may recall, is that the speed of light should be the same for everybody, and so long as you're traveling at a constant speed and in a constant direction, you shouldn't be able to tell that you are moving.
Advertisement
Those were his assumptions (which turned out, as it happens, to be perfectly in accord with the actual physics of the universe), and from them, he found some incredibly surprising things:
1) A clock on a moving spaceship will run slow compared to stationary observers outside. This is also true for heartbeats, pendulums, digital watches, and so on.
Advertisement
2) A moving spaceship will appear to be compressed along the direction of motion.
In both cases, the effect becomes ridiculously huge as you approach the speed of light, but are small enough to be easily ignored under normal terrestrial conditions, which is why nobody noticed them until Einstein came along.
In order to extend those predictions to gravity, starting in 1907 (and over many iterations) , Einstein devised what he referred to as the Equivalence Principle, which says (roughly):
[We] assume the complete physical equivalence of a gravitational field and a corresponding acceleration of the reference system.
Advertisement
He argued that there is no measurable distinction between real gravity and acceleration, which is why there's no functional difference between being thrown the back of a rocketship because it's accelerating, and being thrown to the bottom of a refrigerator carton with a picture of a rocket ship drawn on it; it's sitting on earth, and you tend to fall in the downward direction.
Even without working out any of the details of General Relativity, a process that took Einstein almost an entire additional decade post–Special Relativity, he quickly had an inkling of what the final theory should look like. By using the Equivalence Principle, Einstein came up with a scenario for relating artificial to real gravity, one that I'm going to shamelessly steal.
Life in Antworld
Imagine life on top of a large spinning disk.
In this universe, there are a bunch of superintelligent ants slowly crawling around on the surface. The queen sits perfectly still at the center of Antworld. Her royal court surrounds her in close proximity. To an outsider (you), her courtiers slowly rotate about the queen. They don't know any of this, of course. They just grip so as to not be thrown outward by the tug of the rotating disk. As far as they're concerned, “out” is “down.”
The farther the ants are from the Queen, the faster they move and the stronger they are tugged outward. From the perspective of the ants, their Antworld feels very much like a hill with the queen at the top, a hill that gets steeper the farther they go out. An ant that loses its grip will roll outward—down the hill—at an ever-accelerating rate.
Advertisement
Credit: Herb Thornby (one of his awesome illustrations from my new book!)
There's at least one sense in which this analogy isn't perfect. If you fall down a hill on earth, you'll simply roll down in a radially outward path. An ant falling down the hill in Antworld will start rolling straight down, but will then slowly start rolling around the hill as well. This is the famous Coriolis Effect. It's the same thing that causes cyclones to spin counterclockwise in the Northern Hemisphere and clockwise in the Southern.
But supposing they don't move around too much, we can pretty much ignore the Coriolis Effect entirely. Your toilet water also doesn't move around too much, which is why, whatever else it does, the Coriolis Effect doesn't determine the direction of your toilet water funnel.
Advertisement
Likewise, as far as the the ants are concerned, they live on a hill and aren't spinning at all. Outside the Antworld, we know better. The queen isn't moving. Nearby ants are moving slowly. Ants farther out move faster. The ants out in the hinterlands are moving fastest of all. This is where all of our training in Special Relativity begins to really pay off. We know something about the flow of time of moving ants. The faster they move, the slower time will appear to pass compared to the queen. The farther out an ant is, the slower that ant will appear to age.
The ants don't know they're moving so they don't know that Special Relativity should come into play at all. The ants, so far as they can tell, are living in a gravitational field. They've discovered that the farther you go “down” the slower time runs.
The ant physicists are absolutely correct—about their universe and ours. Time runs slower the closer you get to a massive body, and the more massive the body, the more dramatic the effect. These effects are quite real, but normally ridiculously tiny. Time runs slower on the surface of the earth by less than 1 part in a billion compared to time out in deep space. Over the surface of the earth, the effect is even smaller. Time runs slower at the bottom of Mount Everest than at the top by about 1 part in a trillion. Given that we've been confined to the surface of the earth for most of our existence, it's not that surprising that nobody before Einstein noticed that the flow of time changes based on where you are.
There are much more extreme environments out there. You could hang out on the surface of a neutron star where time runs slower by 20 percent or more. After a decade, two extra years will have passed far away. What you've done here is built a (pretty crappy) time machine into the future. But because the gravity on a neutron star is so strong that you'd be squashed like a pancake, traveling to the future is probably the least of your concerns.
But what about the curvature? Here's where things get even weirder. Remember when I said that space appears contracted along the direction of motion? Well, since the ants are moving around and around, distances seem compressed. Suppose an outlying ant decides to take a trip around the entire world, a circle. His trip would seem shorter than the queen might have guessed using simple Euclidean geometry. As seen by its residents, Antworld is curved. What's true for the ants is true for us.
Advertisement
"Straight" Lines
Even though we "know" that Antworld really is a flat disk, it doesn't seem so to the ants. An astronaut flying around in a rocket will take what she perceives to be a straight line, but it's anything but. In other words, even in a 2-d world, there's a difference between what the inhabitants see, and what we might see in a higher dimensional space.
A straight line is normally considered to be the shortest distance between two points, but from our perspective, the rocketship curves outward (as you can see in the Antworld drawing above).
Advertisement
Because there's no difference between "real" gravity and a spinning disk or an accelerated rocketship, everything falls at the same rate (Thanks, Galileo!), whether they're ordinary matter, particles with negative mass, or particles with no mass at all.
Which brings us to light.
If you've got an old school physics education (the kind where you played with pendulums, pulleys, and did force diagrams without end), you probably learned that only particles with mass experience gravitational acceleration. Wrong, wrong, wrong. Light beams bend in gravitational fields as well, because they are, after all, only following the shortest route. This effect is known as "Gravitational Lensing," and was, in fact, the first successful test of General Relativity.
Advertisement
Time runs slow near a massive source; that's what the ants told us at any rate. Light, which wants to travel in as fast a route as possible will tend to avoid the slow time parts of the universe, and as a result, will get deflected. Because there are several possible "fastest" routes, this can also mean that we get multiple images of the same object.
Advertisement
G2237+305. Credit: NASA, ESA, and STSCI.
But back to RT's original question. We've gotten the "why?" and "how?" light gets bent, but we still haven't touched on the "how much?" Normally, the effects of lensing are quite small because, compared to black holes, most places in the galaxy have very, very weak gravitational fields.
However, something interesting happens near a black hole. As most good io9 readers know, black holes are bounded by a region of no return known as the "Event Horizon." For black hole the mass of our sun, for instance, the event horizon is at a radius of about 3km.
Advertisement
Interestingly, it turns out that if you fire a laser pointed at 1 1/2 times the event horizon, you can (if you aim absolutely perfectly) get your laser to orbit the black hole. Any less, and it spirals inwards, never to be seen again. Any more, and your laser will boomerang back at you.
There's a moral to all of this: If you're going to be firing lasers near black holes, you're going to shoot your eye out.
Dave Goldberg is a Physics Professor at Drexel University. His newest book, The Universe in the Rearview Mirror is coming out July 11, but you can totally pre-order it now. You should definitely become a fan on facebook, or better yet, send a (non-contest) question about the universe.
Prior to the 2011 NBA Finals, you had to have felt kind of bad for the Nike exec who was put in charge of marketing Dirk Nowitzki to the American public.
A brief summary on what an advertiser's PowerPoint on Dirk would look like before yesterday morning:
- He's a 7-foot German with a shuffling, awkward playing style.
- He's been labeled "soft" by media, fans, and peers, in a field that puts a premium on hardness.
- He's never won an NBA title, and the only time he was ever close to one, he folded under the pressure.
- He rarely dunks, and when he does, you wish he hadn't.
- Two-thirds of the public have absolutely no idea who he is.
- Oh, and he's not exactly the most photogenic man in the world.
Before yesterday morning, the Dirk question ("how do we sell this guy?") was one that most sponsors answered by not answering. Besides Nike, Dirk has no endorsements. He doesn't have an agent. CNBC's Darren Rovell guesses that Dirk makes about $500,000 a year from his Nike contract. LeBron's deal with the swoosh is worth 16 times that.
But, suddenly, the Dirk question is easier to answer. His awkward playing style? Logo-inspiring. His softness? No longer an issue. His complete lack of conventional good looks? Uh, have you seen this man in hipster eyewear? Rock star.
This is what greeted readers of the Dallas Morning News this morning: a big, splashy, ad featuring Dirk Nowtizki's endearingly weird-looking signature jump shot. Epic, indeed.
That's what happens sometimes when you win: all of the perceived flaws in your character and appearance suddenly become selling points. And that's what happened to Dirk Nowitzki as the final buzzer sounded in Dallas' game 6 wins over Miami on Sunday night: he won, so everything bad about him is suddenly good.
And when you lose? Well, when you lose, the opposite happens. Your confidence is perceived as arrogance. Your toughness is questioned. And even though everyone in America knows who you are, you wish that they didn't, and that they'd just leave you alone.
Email: Dan@sportsgrid.com
When sunlight shines on today's solar cells, much of the incoming energy is given off as waste heat rather than electrical current. In a few materials, however, extra energy produces extra electrons — behavior that could significantly increase solar-cell efficiency.
An MIT team has now identified the mechanism by which that phenomenon happens, yielding new design guidelines for using those special materials to make high-efficiency solar cells. The results are reported in the journal Nature Chemistry by MIT alumni Shane R. Yost and Jiye Lee, and a dozen other co-authors, all led by MIT's Troy Van Voorhis, professor of chemistry, and Marc Baldo, professor of electrical engineering.
In most photovoltaic (PV) materials, a photon (a packet of sunlight) delivers energy that excites a molecule, causing it to release one electron. But when high-energy photons provide more than enough energy, the molecule still releases just one electron — plus waste heat.
A few organic molecules don't follow that rule. Instead, they generate more than one electron per high-energy photon. That phenomenon — known as singlet exciton fission — was first identified in the 1960s. However, achieving it in a functioning solar cell has proved difficult, and the exact mechanism involved has become the subject of intense controversy in the field.
For the past four years, Van Voorhis and Baldo have been pooling their theoretical and experimental expertise to investigate this problem. In 2013, they reported making the first solar cell that gives off extra electrons from high-energy visible light, which makes up almost half the sun's electromagnetic radiation at the Earth's surface. According to their estimates, applying their technology as an inexpensive coating on silicon solar cells could increase efficiency by as much as 25 percent.
While that's encouraging, understanding the mechanism at work would enable them and others to do even better. Exciton fission has now been observed in a variety of materials, all discovered — like the original ones — by chance. “We can't rationally design materials and devices that take advantage of exciton fission until we understand the fundamental mechanism at work — until we know what the electrons are actually doing,” Van Voorhis says.
To support his theoretical study of electron behavior within PVs, Van Voorhis used experimental data gathered in samples specially synthesized by Baldo and Timothy Swager, MIT's John D. MacArthur Professor of Chemistry. The samples were made of four types of exciton fission molecules decorated with various sorts of “spinach” — bulky side groups of atoms that change the molecular spacing without altering the physics or chemistry. To detect fission rates — which are measured in femtoseconds (10-15 seconds) — the MIT team turned to experts including Moungi Bawendi, the Lester Wolfe Professor of Chemistry, and special equipment at Brookhaven National Laboratory and the Cavendish Laboratory at Cambridge University, under the direction of Richard Friend.
Van Voorhis' new first-principles formula successfully predicts the fission rate in materials with vastly different structures. In addition, it confirms once and for all that the mechanism is the “classic” one proposed in the 1960s: When excess energy is available in these materials, an electron in an excited molecule swaps places with an electron in an unexcited molecule nearby. The excited electron brings some energy along and leaves some behind, so that both molecules give off electrons. The result: one photon in, two electrons out. “The simple theory proposed decades ago turns out to explain the behavior,” Van Voorhis says. “The controversial, or ‘exotic,' mechanisms proposed more recently aren't required to explain what's being observed here.”
The results also provide practical guidelines for designing solar cells with these materials. They show that molecular packing is important in defining the rate of fission — but only to a point. When the molecules are very close together, the electrons move so quickly that the molecules giving and receiving them don't have time to adjust. Indeed, a far more important factor is choosing a material that has the right inherent energy levels.
The researchers are pleased with the agreement between their experimental and theoretical data — especially given the systems being modeled. Each molecule has about 50 atoms, and each atom has six to 10 electrons. “These are complicated systems to calculate,” Van Voorhis says. “That's the reason that 50 years ago they couldn't compute these things — but now we can.”
David Reichman, a professor of chemistry at Columbia University who was not involved in this research, considers the new findings “a very important contribution to the singlet fission literature. Via a synergistic combination of modeling, crystal engineering, and experiment, the authors have provided the first systematic study of parameters influencing fission rates,” he says. Their findings “should strongly influence design criteria of fission materials away from goals involving molecular packing and toward a focus on the electronic energy levels of selected materials.”
This work was performed in the Center for Excitonics, an Energy Frontier Research Center funded by the U.S. Department of Energy. Experimental measurements were supported by the British Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council, and work at the Center for Functional Nanomaterials at Brookhaven National Laboratory was supported by the U.S. Department of Energy.
