Okay, so first of all, let me give you a brief overview of how the Internet works. You have your computer and it is given an Internet Protocol (IP) address by your Internet Service Provider (ISP, the company you pay for Internet access). When you type in a website (like www.yahoo.com), that gets converted into another IP address (209.191.93.53). From there, it's like a phone call- your computer is talking to one of yahoo's computer's, asking it for information. All of the information is stored on Yahoo's computers and Yahoo can just keep adding more hard drives.
So no, the Internet will never run out of room because it consists of millions upon millions of hard drives and all you have to do is plug in another hard drive to get more space. There currently is a project called the Wayback Machine that attempts to archive the entire Internet from 1996 onward. It is currently 20 petabytes (20,000,000 GB) and it grows by 20 TB (20,000 GB) every month. So, since the archive is also on the Internet and I don't believe it has the whole Internet (password protected stuff probably doesn't get added), it's got to be much bigger than that.
Source(s): http://www.archive.org/about/faqs.php#9 Ben · 10 years ago 2 Thumbs up 3 Thumbs down Report Abuse
Authorities in the Hehe system have reported that the conflict between Hehe Federal Interstellar and Hehe Camorra has ended in a victory for Hehe Federal Interstellar . Both factions issued calls for support, promising generous rewards to pilots who lent their aid, but ultimately it was Hehe Federal Interstellar that emerged victorious. Hehe Camorra has now withdrawn its forces from the system. As the last Hehe Camorra ships left the field of battle, a representative of Hehe Federal Interstellar released a statement: “The brave pilots who rallied to our cause have our everlasting gratitude. And to the people of Hehe, I say this: we're going to do everything in our power to ensure a peaceful and prosperous future for our system.”
11 AUG 3303
The Alliance has launched a new research initiative designed to enhance human understanding of the Thargoids. The primary aim of the initiative is to build a range of state-of-the-art instruments expressly designed to analyse Thargoid material.
To this end, the Alliance has placed an open order for unknown ship signatures, unknown organic circuitry and unknown technology components. The Kaushpoos Pro-Alliance Union has been authorised to oversee the campaign, and has promised to reward pilots who deliver the requested resources to Neville Horizons in the Kaushpoos system. The organisation has also placed a kill order on all ships on its wanted list, to ensure that those delivering resources to Neville Horizons can do so safely.
In a statement, an Alliance spokesperson said:
“Although humanity has had prior contact with the Thargoids, our knowledge remains limited. It is essential that we expand our understanding. We therefore intend to build a range of specialised tools and analytic instruments with which to study Thargoid material.”
The campaign begins on the 10th of August 3303 and will run for one week. If the final target is met earlier than planned, the campaign will end immediately.
Russia has proposed a draft resolution on the violence in Syria to the UN Security Council that would strongly condemn violence by "all parties, including disproportionate use of force by Syrian authorities".
Western members of the council who have been pressing for tough measures against President Bashar al-Assad's government welcomed the move, but said it did not go far enough because it stopped short of including an arms embargo or other sanctions.
The draft called on all parties in Syria to "immediately stop any violence irrespective of where it comes from".
Vitaly Churkin, the Russian ambassador to the UN, told Al Jazeera that Russia believed there had been "considerable excesses" by some Syrian forces dealing with demonstrators.
However, he also said "extreme elements" had exploited protests and used demonstrators as "human shields" in order to attack police and security forces.
"We do believe that it's not only the authorities but also extremist opposition forces who are causing damage and killing people so that is reflected in our draft," he said.
"In the end, we want to have a strong statement in favour of stopping violence, upholding human rights, expediting reforms including constitutional reforms and encourage the Arab League to play a constructive, positive and peaceful role."
Al Jazeera's Rula Amin said from Beirut that the wording of Russia's draft resolution made it clear it was keen to ensure foreign military intervention should not take place.
"One of the provisions says that 'nothing in this resolution shall be interpreted as an authorisation of any sort of military interference in Syria in the future'," she said.
"So the Russians want to make sure that if there is a resolution at the UN, it doesn't come to military interference."
"They want this to be resolved peacefully, through dialogue, and dialogue with the government," said Amin. "They still believe that this government is a government that they can deal with."
'Extraordinary event'
Hillary Clinton, the US secretary of state, said on Thursday that Washington hoped it could work with Russia on the draft resolution despite differences with Moscow on the issue.
Clinton said it was the "first time" that Russia had recognised that violence in Syria needed to be taken up by the Security Council.
"There are some issues in it that we would not be able to support. There's unfortunately a seeming parity between the government and peaceful protesters," she said.
"But we are going to study the draft carefully. It will have to be shared with the Arab League, which has taken the lead on the response to what's going on in Syria."
Vitaly Churkin, Russia's UN envoy, talks to Al Jazeera
about the draft resolution
Gerard Araud, the French ambassador to the UN, also welcomed the resolution, saying it was "an extraordinary event".
"Russia has decided to move on the resolution project... We think that it is because Russia has felt the pressure of the international community," he told journalists.
As a key ally of Assad, Russia has tried to head off Security Council intervention in the crisis. Russia and China vetoed a resolution in October condemning the government crackdown on protests.
The UN estimates that more than 5,000 people have been killed since the uprising began in March.
The latest political development came as a UK-based rights group reported that at least 27 soldiers and security personnel were killed in a series of clashes with army deserters in Syria's southern province of Deraa.
The clashes occurred early on Thursday at two locations in the city of Deraa itself, as well as a checkpoint at a crossroads outside the city, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported.
In other parts of the country, the Local Co-ordination Committees activist network reported that four people were killed in the central province of Homs, two in the northwestern province of Idlib, one in Damascus suburbs, one in the eastern province of Hassake and one in the central province of Hama.
'Crimes against humanity'
Also on Thursday, Human Rights Watch released a report naming 74 commanders and military and intelligence officials as having allegedly "ordered, authorised, or condoned widespread killings, torture, and unlawful arrests" during the uprising.
In Istanbul, dissidents announced the creation of the Al-Leqaa opposition movement with the goal of toppling Assad's government.
The Syrian National Council (SNC), the main opposition bloc, welcomed Al-Leqaa as one of its components.
The SNC holds a three-day congress in Tunisia from Friday, with its leader saying he expected the Security Council to adopt an Arab League blueprint for peace.
"I hope that before too long we will succeed in persuading the Security Council to adopt the Arab League plan and provide the international protection for civilians that we have been demanding," Burhan Ghalioun said.
We've been asking for years, and now the Honolulu Police Department is finally ready to begin testing body cameras.
The pilot project will be rolled out in mid-September.
SHOPO, the police officers union, tells us it will be a six-month pilot project.
Of more than 2,100 police officers on the force, we're told a few hundred will get them first. Sources say different body camera vendors will be tested during that time.
Honolulu would be the latest county department to test out body cameras -- following Maui, which is still in the testing phase, and Kauai, which is already using them.
The police union says body cameras will provide a layer of transparency that the public desires.
"It helps keep the officer accountable to know, hey, you're being watched," said SHOPO president Tenari Maafala. "More importantly, safety, utmost for the community and the officers. But also, again, I've said it all along. We're officers, but we're human beings. We're susceptible to making mistakes. If there are officers who are intentionally being involved in making these mistakes, then they should be exposed."
Maafala says a few hundred officers will soon learn how to use body cameras. Sources say officers on patrol, mostly in town, and the DUI and traffic units, will be the first to test out the cameras.
Like the Kauai Police Department, which rolled out its program in 2015, Honolulu police officers will test out cameras on their chest, collar, or eyeglasses.
Maafala says it is up to the officer to decide when the body camera will be turned on.
"Obviously, calls where shots fired, you know already, more than likely the officer upon arriving at scene will definitely turn the camera on," Maafala said. "There's no law that prevents the officer from recording if they're responding from a call and performing their duties (even if someone protests)."
Maafala says if an officer doesn't turn his or her camera on, the officer could face disciplinary action, ranging from getting written up or fired.
KHON2 asked how body cameras are working out on Kauai. We're told there were 10 public complaints about officer conduct. All 10 of the accused officers were cleared of allegations after reviewing body camera footage.
Maafala says he looks forward to the positives the body cameras will bring to officers and the public, but expects a few kinks will need to be ironed out during the pilot program.
"We're trained to act instinctively. We don't want officers to be concerned with oh, should I turn it on? Should I turn it off?" he said. "ACLU has concerns of violating civil rights. That's another concern our officers need to be aware of, that they don't violate civil rights."
The police union says it's open to share body camera footage to the public.
The Hawaii Police Department says while it would like to have body cameras, it doesn't have the budget.
After a 20-minute lecture on the political marginalisation of Muslims in India, a prominent Muslim scholar at the Darul-uloom-Deoband changes track.
“We may be down. But we know one thing. Out future is in jamoooriyat, democracy. We have faith in India, in the Indian system, in the elections. No one can change the Indian constitution. And till then we are safe.”
Even as alienation constitutes one element of the story of Muslims in contemporary India, political introspection constitutes another. They are thinking hard about political choices they have made in the past, and the political choices they ought to make in the future. It is a moment of remarkable openness in the community. And all options are on the table.
Engage with BJP
Four years ago, Manzar Islam was teaching social science at the Azad Academy in Araria. During a conversation about BJP's PM candidate Narendra Modi's winning prospects in 2013, he had said, the irritation palpable in his voice, “Why are you asking a Muslim this? You think we can like him?” He added, confidently, that Modi would not win - for it was Hindus themselves who were opposing him, citing the late UR Ananthmurthy and Amartya Sen.
Islam is now retired and we met at his house, near his old school in Araria. His tone has palpably changed.
“What do we do now? Even backwards and Dalits are going towards Modi. He will win in 2019.” Islam also, in a matter-of-fact tone, speaks of the polarisation on the ground. “Even at the ward level, if there are Muslim candidates, the other side would rally together behind a Hindu candidate. This mindset has percolated down. We will have to accept that the majority will decide.”
Islam - a Nitish supporter himself - says the situation leaves the community with no choice but to now engage with Modi and BJP. “The community and BJP should talk to each other. See, Modi himself is fine. He has not discriminated. It is not even his followers who cause problems. It is people acting in his name. If he can punish them, if both sides should show flexibility, we can find a common point.”
This is a voice one increasingly hears from elders in the community, particularly those involved with running institutions.
In Bareilly, Maulana Shahabuddin Razvi is the director of the Islamic Research Centre and the general secretary of the India Tanzeem Ulama-e-Islam.
He says that Muslims have to accept that the PM, and now the UP CM, are from the BJP. “There are problems. But I am in favour of talking to them; of telling them that we also want to be partners in sabka saath, sabka vikaas; we are also citizens; we also have rights. We should remind the PM of his statement that he wants to see Muslims with Quran in one hand, and laptops in another and ask him to implement it. We want to bridge the distance.” He adds that Yogi Adityanath too, after taking over as CM, has changed his language and not said anything insensitive.
It was catering to these impulses within Muslim society itself that a delegation of the Jamiat-Ulama-I-Hind met the PM. It raised issues of the ‘gulf' between the government and Muslim community, but the meeting also marked the beginning of some sort of critical engagement.
‘It is a cycle'
This approach however does not have many takers, particularly among the younger Muslims. This school believes that the community must wait for the ‘secular parties' to get its act together and this is only a passing phase.
A group of young Muslims in Deoband laugh off those who want to give the BJP a chance. “In that party, the route to success is abusing Muslims. Look at Yogi - what was his politics except his hatred for us? And yet there are Muslims who cannot see this,” says Shah Alam, sitting in a cloth shop.
A maulana at the Darul-Uloom-Deoband pointed to the futility of this approach. “We need to remember BJP does not want Muslims because that is how they unite everyone else.”
Instead, he argues that Muslims should get out of this sense of defeatism and remember that despite the aura of electoral invincibility, BJP had only been winning 30-40 percent of the vote. “This means that a majority is against them. Secular parties need to strategise better, get united, and consolidate this vote. I refuse to believe all Hindus are communal and hate us. Then BJP would have won a majority of votes, and elections for sixty years. Even now it is a battle between secular and communal Hindus.”
The fact that BJP could wait so long to emerge on the national stage in fact had a lesson for Muslims, he added - of patience and resilience. “We can wait for a few elections if they can wait this long.”
At the other end of the North Indian plains, in Kishanganj, a college lecturer - who did not want to be named - agreed and said there was no point talking to BJP. “Rahul is a failure and so we have all failed and lost. What these secular parties should do is forget about us Muslims. Get the majority vote. Instead, if Modi goes to one temple, they should go to ten temples. If Modi puts tika, they should paste their entire forehead with tika. Go and win back the Hindu vote. We are waiting.”
The alternative path
But not everyone wants to wait.
Mohammed Tanweer Alam, a student from Gorakhpur, believes that the marginalisation of Muslims is due to the failure of secular parties. “Our problem is a problem of leadership. And this can be resolved through our own party, someone like Owaisi.” His focus is on elevating the economic standards of Muslims, argues Alam. “Owaisi is saying we don't want Haj subsidy. We want education. That is what Muslims need.”
Not everyone is convinced.
In a college hostel in Patna, Tariq Anwar - who belongs to the CPI (ML) student outfit, AISA - warns Muslims against precisely this path. “In difficult times, people take wrong decisions. And Muslims will end up doing that if they go with Owaisi. It will then become a minority versus majority election; we will be falling into a trap. We won't have the numbers and the majority will consolidate.”
Indian Muslims remained wedded to Indian democracy. Within this, from engaging with BJP to sticking to ‘secular parties' to setting up their own party, they populate various political positions. But what is clear is they find themselves at a crossroads - seeking to restore their political relevance.
A special series by Hindustan Times takes a deep look at the churn within the Muslim community. How deep is the alienation? Are they looking for political alternatives? What questions are Muslim women asking? Are they warming up to the BJP? Find all the answers to the critical questions.
First Published: May 30, 2017 06:59 IST
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- The sellout crowd at Baltimore's M&T Bank Stadium hopes they don't witness NFL history on Sunday.
The Baltimore Ravens (0-2) are the only active NFL team never to have an 0-3 start, according to ESPN Stats & Information. The Ravens, who are celebrating their 20th season, would like to hold onto that distinction after playing the first-place Cincinnati Bengals (2-0) on Sunday.
In the Ravens' previous three 0-2 starts, Baltimore won its third game, beating the Browns in 1999, the Broncos in 2002 and the Jets in 2005.
This year, Baltimore lost to the Broncos and Raiders on the road to start the season, putting them in an unfamiliar situation under coach John Harbaugh. This is the first time the Ravens have started 0-2 in Harbaugh's eight seasons.
"We all understand the situation," Harbaugh said. "We've lost two games in a row before. We've lost three games in a row before, and we've overcome it. But we've never done it at the beginning of a season, so it feels a lot tougher. Until you win your first game, you always have in the back of your mind: 'Can we win a game?' Of course you can. But you got to win one."
If not, the Ravens will join the rest of the 31 teams in the league in knowing how it feels to be 0-3.
There is no shortage of threats to our economy. America's unemployment rate recently hit its highest mark in more than 25 years and is expected to continue climbing. Worries are widespread that even when the economy finally rebounds, the recovery won't bring jobs. Our nation's debt is unsustainable, and the federal government's reach into the private sector is unprecedented.
Unfortunately, many in the national media would rather focus on the personality-driven political gossip of the day than on the gravity of these challenges. So, at risk of disappointing the chattering class, let me make clear what is foremost on my mind and where my focus will be:
I am deeply concerned about President Obama's cap-and-trade energy plan, and I believe it is an enormous threat to our economy. It would undermine our recovery over the short term and would inflict permanent damage.
American prosperity has always been driven by the steady supply of abundant, affordable energy. Particularly in Alaska, we understand the inherent link between energy and prosperity, energy and opportunity, and energy and security. Consequently, many of us in this huge, energy-rich state recognize that the president's cap-and-trade energy tax would adversely affect every aspect of the U.S. economy.
There is no denying that as the world becomes more industrialized, we need to reform our energy policy and become less dependent on foreign energy sources. But the answer doesn't lie in making energy scarcer and more expensive! Those who understand the issue know we can meet our energy needs and environmental challenges without destroying America's economy.
Job losses are so certain under this new cap-and-tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried-up energy sector, to the tune of $4.2 billion over eight years. So much for creating jobs.
In addition to immediately increasing unemployment in the energy sector, even more American jobs will be threatened by the rising cost of doing business under the cap-and-tax plan. For example, the cost of farming will certainly increase, driving down farm incomes while driving up grocery prices. The costs of manufacturing, warehousing and transportation will also increase.
The ironic beauty in this plan? Soon, even the most ardent liberal will understand supply-side economics.
The Americans hit hardest will be those already struggling to make ends meet. As the president eloquently puts it, their electricity bills will "necessarily skyrocket." So much for not raising taxes on anyone making less than $250,000 a year.
Even Warren Buffett, an ardent Obama supporter, admitted that under the cap-and-tax scheme, "poor people are going to pay a lot more for electricity."
We must move in a new direction. We are ripe for economic growth and energy independence if we responsibly tap the resources that God created right underfoot on American soil. Just as important, we have more desire and ability to protect the environment than any foreign nation from which we purchase energy today.
In Alaska, we are progressing on the largest private-sector energy project in history. Our 3,000-mile natural gas pipeline will transport hundreds of trillions of cubic feet of our clean natural gas to hungry markets across America. We can safely drill for U.S. oil offshore and in a tiny, 2,000-acre corner of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge if ever given the go-ahead by Washington bureaucrats.
Members of Ballinamore Municipal Area are to invite the Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport, Deputy Shane Ross, to Leitrim to see the state of local roads.
Cllr Caillian Ellis read out the corresponding reply from the minister to their request to meet and discuss further funding for roads in Leitrim. He said the response was a “nice way of saying there is no more, good luck.”
Cllr Ellis said the county is in a “serious situation with roads this year, possibly the worst ever.” He noted some roads are “deteriorating fast.” He said local Oireachtas members should be asked to intervene and arrange a meeting.
The Fianna Fáil Councillor went on to say “seeing local TDs on Taoiseach Specials on the news is no good to us, we need them to do something for Leitrim.”
Cllr Paddy O'Rourke said this is the third Minister for Transport that has refused to meet with Leitrim councillors, he suggested the Minister take a “trip to Leitrim for a couple of days to see the situation.”
He went on to say if the Minister can visit Kerry to access the situation in relation to drink driving laws, he can come to Leitrim and inspect the roads.
“We will look after him and drive him about” quipped the Carrigallen Councillor. The other members agreed.
He said they cannot “rob the county roads” to pay for the local roads, but insisted residents need “safe passage to their homes.”
The councillors agreed to write to their party TDs to put pressure on Minister Ross to meet the councillors and discuss much needed funding.
The promise was simple, but the idea couldn't have been bigger.
Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) would make courses from Harvard and MIT available free to anyone with an internet connection. The world's poor would finally have access to the same education as American ivy league students, while traditional fee paying higher education would go the way of relics like CDs and sailing ships.
Massive open online education provider Udacity was one of those promising such change. In the past, Udacity's founder Sebastian Thrun claimed MOOCs would spell the end of the conventional higher education model and transform access to knowledge.
Despite the big promises, retention rates in Udacity courses have been abysmal and those that did make it through were already those with bachelor degrees. Now Udacity has decided to charge money for their certified courses, leaving behind their claims of free quality higher education for all.
As leading technology-enhanced learning expert George Siemens described it:
[Thrun] promised us a bright future of open learning. He delivered to us something along the lines of a 1990s corporate e-learning program.
Even Thrun himself has now admitted that Udacity is “a lousy product”.
So where did it all go wrong for Thrun and Udacity? And why, when it comes to online education, did we ignore education experts, and listen to Silicon Valley instead?
A cheaper, faster education
Ultimately, the outcome of higher learning cannot be made cheaper and faster any more than you can expect to improve physical fitness if you cut corners at the gym.
While there are myriad products and services claiming a fast, cheap route to fitness, nothing is as effective as time and/or intensity pumping iron or going on the treadmill.
Similarly, if students don't put in the right kind of work, with the right guidance and expend sufficient cognitive effort, they will not see results.
The fundamental understanding of quality online learning in higher education was mostly lost or ignored in the MOOC hype. Unlike the invention of online music stores or the steam-powered ship, the journey is just as important as the destination when it comes to learning. The ultimate aim of higher (as opposed to vocational) education is to transform student thinking and ways of being.
Getting there faster and cheaper short-changes everyone.
If we cannot give graduates the solid critical and creative thinking skills they need, they will be ill-equipped to deal with the immensely complex economic, social and environmental problems we face in the coming decades.
Where was the research?
An extensive history of research in education and the learning sciences tells us about the best ways of learning and teaching. Yet the voices of the thousands of eminent scholars in these fields have been largely drowned out.
Instead economists and innovation gurus like Harvard's Clayton Christensen and technology advocates like Thrun have dominated the online education headlines.
Despite the enthusiasm of MOOC advocates, the quality of the learning experience in many (but by no means all) MOOCs is dubious. Watching videos of lectures and answering multiple-choice questions is hardly cutting edge pedagogy. But despite this, these kinds of MOOCs have been allowed to flourish with great fanfare.
The reason we have found ourselves here is partly due to the paradigm shift that seems to be occurring in education. There is growing tension between the science of learning and the art of teaching.
While practice-based and theoretical understanding of teaching have thrived and become the dominant paradigms in educational research, the learning sciences, such as psychological science, are increasingly encroaching on the classroom after being virtually absent for decades.
When medicine went through a similar paradigm shift, we saw merchants selling snake oil. Now in this new education shift, we're seeing such dubious innovations as “brain training”.
The uncertainty around the best form of evidence for educational innovation is allowing pre-packaged solutions to education problems to prosper with little evidence to support their effectiveness.
Lessons for Udacity
The key to providing quality higher education in the digital age lies somewhere in between the technology devotees, educational researchers, teachers, developers and learning scientists.
Sound, evidence-based innovation is not to be found in the provocations of the likes of Thrun or Christensen alone. The business model does not operate in isolation from the quality of the service.
It would appear that despite their exceptional expertise in their disciplines, few of the loudest voices touting MOOCs are qualified or experienced in learning theory or educational technology. This includes Thrun and Christensen, who have no formal qualifications in education or the learning sciences.
A quest to innovate higher education resting solely on reducing time and cost dismisses the required cognitive effort and support needed to transform students' fundamental thinking patterns. To develop the knowledge and skills to function effectively as a professional or scientist requires quality guidance, time and genuine effort.
Attempting to disrupt higher education in a way that undermines any of these factors is to devalue what it means to have a “higher” education.
There are good reasons why quality higher education costs as much as it does; a lesson that Udacity seems to be learning only now.
The following news story, originally reported by Click2Houston.com, tells of the bravery of a local security guard. Jerrell McWashington, pictured below, was working security at a business near the 6800 block of Wilcrest near Bellaire Boulevard when he heard a woman screaming on the other side of a fence. What he saw, compelled him to take action.
“I see the guy on top of her trying to rape her. She's trying to fight him off. So I immediately drew my weapon and ordered him to see his hands,” said McWashington.
He called police, who arrested the assailant.
This Houston, Texas, security guard acted in a way that was extremely professional. His training allowed him the capabilities to do what other surely would not have: he responded to someone in need, and he's waiting patiently without having to fire his firearm. It takes a certain level of skill to accomplish this feat. Kudos to you, Jerrell McWashington. I, as others, are declared you a hero (for the day, anyway).
For more on this story, and to see the interview with McWashington, check out the full story.
Last night my attention was drawn by an alumnus to a video posted on a new FB page titled Stephensshallrise (Stephen's shall rise). I nearly threw up. My stomach rose in anguish, a current of anger shot through my spine.
I saw a man called John Varghese, who happens to be the principal of St Stephen's college, standing alone on the stage in the college Hall.
The head of a department, on his feet and in full flow, was barking at John. A pack of students was shouting the principal down, in support of the teacher, whose conduct was more akin to that of a local don. Nothing could be heard.
The poor animal called principal stood silent. Unable to quit. Unable to cope. Suffering in silence the sort of indignity that even animals cannot be subjected to.
Is this how we train young minds for democracy and courteous, civilised conduct?
Stop singing before your voice cracks altogether and the distinction between singing and braying disappears. Photo: Representational
I continued to watch, with darkness invading my eyes. I saw a large crowd of students assembles outside the house of the principal. They were shouting slogans. It is the kind of scene you see in riots. I was a student in St Stephen's. For the two years that I was (1971-73) a PG student, I did not venture to go near the principal's house. (Alumni, who have not forgotten their Alma Mater would understand this.)
Not because I was a coward; but because a sense of reverence towards the college and respect for elders was deemed basic to being Stephanian. Now defiance and coercion, threat and abuse, seem to be the norm.
The tragedy is that all this is inspired, nay instigated, by certain faculty members. (How can I call them "teachers"?)
The video then showcases another teacher who announces, to the wild applause of students, who are already too worked up to think rationally, how all teachers are going to overpower the Principal with non-cooperation.
She makes the announcement like driving the last nail on the coffin of the Principal. A public display of callous defiance, just because the Principal would not obey like a slave! Oh, my masters and ancestors, what role models, these?
Visualise these scenes, my readers. It is a whole crowd against one man. All the posturing and grandstanding, threats and abuses, these brayings of cowardly heroism and cheap defiance, are facilitated by this inequality and the presumption of immunity. The perpetrators of this atrocity know that the system is too weak even to look this boorishness in the face.
The very same faculty member maligned me to the effect that I was "mired in sexual harassment cases" in an interview given to the New Indian Express. When the GB took cognisance of the defamation, spread nationwide, and appointed a preliminary fact-finding committee to look into the matter, the offender concerned obtained a stay from the High Court.
John was accused by the same person of intimidating the lady teachers who are members of the GB.
A public apology was demanded of him. This was announced to the students. They applauded the demand. It is now reported to be baseless. What happens to the students who applauded the falsehood? Good exercises in character-building, right?
Friends, this is the plight of one of the best colleges in the country, situated in the capital city. Think of the general academic scenario. It is scary, to say the least.
We are sleeping over a time-bomb ticking away ominously. I am shocked that people do not mind their children being influenced by such "teachers" and environments.
I would not have sent my children within miles of such a den of depravity.
What is life worth, when all its sanctities are compromised and the flow of blood becomes indistinguishable from the rush of the sewer?
I have serious problem in calling this education. Call this, training in impertinence. In irrationality. In unleashing violence on the defenseless. In overpowering right with might. Call this by any name, but don't call this education. I pray thee, don't insult education to that extent.
I fought a bleeding battle to check the rise of boorishness and sub-human cussedness in St Stephen's from 2007 till the last day of my tenure. I must say I have failed. Today I accept defeat. The rest is silence.
I remember visiting Dr Anil Wilson, my immediate predecessor, a few weeks before his death in 2009. He was wholly weak and confined to bed.
At the end of a brief conversation, as I was leaving, he asked, "Valson, do you think you can run the college?" I was taken aback. I stood still thinking within myself. He continued. "No, you can't. Nobody can."
I refused to believe him. I fought this unthinkable prospect hard. Fought it with my life.
I now agree with Anil Wilson. May his soul rest in peace.
St Stephen's is being turned into the very opposite of what it was meant to be. It is an insult to the founding fathers to perpetuate this self-contradiction.
The management has to take a call. They can tarry no further than they have. Either bring the college back online with the originating vision of St Stephen's college.
Or, if it cannot be redeemed at all, organise a sober funeral, with teachers and karmacharis as pall bearers. Running a college merely to arm and equip youngsters in the art of defiance and irrationality, overpowering every constitutional provision and legal propriety with primeval violence, is not envisaged in Article 30(1).
The college cannot claim minority rights so long as it does not stand and live by the spiritual culture of the faith in whose name these rights are claimed and exercised. To do that is to perpetrate a hoax on the nation.
The management can no longer look the other way.
The ultimate test faces them here and now. How they negotiate this crisis is not only a test of their individual maturity, but also of the mettle of the biblical faith they represent.
Jesus died, rather than compromise with the might of Rome which scorned right. Frankly, every time might is unleashed, right suffers. This is now the norm in St Stephen's. And the insult daily heaped on it.
If students, teachers and karmacharis can veto decisions of the Governing Body, using no argument except brute force, then it is better to dispense with the Governing Body.
If I were a member of the GB, I would not want to be a clown who is a party to decisions that are overturned by undergraduates. Take decisions after mature considerations. Once taken, stick to your decisions even at peril of death. Nothing less is governance.
If I were John Varghese, I would close down the college than let it be held to ransom by buccaneers of blackmail and coercion. I would draw the bottom-line of rule of law and refuse to bend or budge.
It is a disservice to the society to run an educational institution as St Stephen's now threatens to become. I am amazed that the alumni are either playing a partisan role, hostile to the traditions and ethos of the college, or keeping a deafening silence. They are believed to love the college.
There is a proverb in Malayalam to the effect that the fence is plundering the harvest. The role of the fence is to protect. If, instead, it becomes a thief, a beast of plunder and vandalism, what hope can there be?
The time to face the reality has come indeed. I call upon the management to stand up to the hour.
St Stephen's was established to extend the arm of service to the society at large from within the spiritual core of the biblical faith. If the life and character of the institution have now become a blatant contradiction of that tradition, it is dishonest and irresponsible to pretend to be governing the college.
Stop singing before your voice cracks altogether and the distinction between singing and braying disappears. Ultimately, no one will blame the teachers who are instigating this anarchy. History will judge you. The buck stops with you.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dell Inc is preparing to sell around $10 billion in non-core assets, including software and services, to reduce the heavy debt load it will be taking on to buy EMC Corp EMC.N, according to people familiar with the matter.
A Dell logo is pictured on the side of a computer in this photo illustration in the Manhattan borough of New York October 12, 2015. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri
Dell, which will assume $49.5 billion of debt once the merger with EMC is completed, has communicated the plan to credit rating agencies in recent days, the people said on Monday.
Assets Dell could sell include Quest Software, which helps with information technology (IT) management; SonicWall, an e-mail encryption and data security provider; back-up solutions unit AppAssure; as well as IT services provider Perot Systems, the people said.
The divestitures will not include Dell's hardware assets such as servers, which are crucial in its quest to dominate the large enterprise market through its merger with EMC, as well as compete more effectively with the likes of Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO.O) and International Business Machines Corp (IBM.N), the people added.
The sources asked not to be identified because the deliberations are confidential. A Dell spokesman declined to comment.
Dell agreed last month to buy data storage company EMC for $67 billion, in a move that would transform the No. 3 computer maker into a leader in storing corporate data and shift its business away from the stagnant consumer personal computer market.
The transaction is expected to close between May and October 2016. Dell has stated that the combined company will focus on reducing its debt during the first 18 to 24 months after the merger to achieve an investment-grade credit rating.
Dell and its shareholders, including founder Michael Dell and private equity firm Silver Lake Partners LP, are contributing $4.25 billion in equity to the deal.
Dell has agreed to pay $24.05 cash per share for EMC, and will also give EMC shareholders a special stock that tracks the share price of VMWare Inc (VMW.N), the maker of cloud-based virtualization software majority-owned by EMC.
VMWare shares have lagged since the deal was announced, weighing on the overall value of the deal.
When Dell's acquisition of EMC was announced on Oct. 12, the deal valued the latter at $33.15 per share. EMC ended Monday at $26.35 on the New York Stock Exchange, reflecting investor concern that the merger may not be completed under the tracking stock structure.
JULY 16: The Diamondbacks announced that Arroyo underwent successful Tommy John surgery yesterday (Twitter link).
JULY 7: Diamondbacks right-hander Bronson Arroyo told reporters today, including MLB.com's Steve Gilbert (Twitter links), that he will have to undergo Tommy John surgery. Arroyo adds that he actually made six starts this season with a torn ulnar collateral ligament.
It's tough to call this news anything other than poor luck for the Diamondbacks, as Arroyo has been among the game's most durable pitchers throughout his entire career. The 37-year-old posted nine consecutive seasons of 199 innings or more from 2005-13 and was tied with Dan Haren for most games started in that same stretch (297). He has been on the disabled list since mid-June due to a UCL injury.
Arroyo signed a two-year, $23.5MM deal with Snakes this offseason due largely to that durability. The D'Backs won't receive a great return on that investment, as Arroyo has posted a 4.08 ERA in 86 innings and likely won't pitch again until next summer, even in the best case scenario.
Arizona has been hit hard by injuries this season, with top starter Patrick Corbin and setup man David Hernandez each going down with Tommy John surgery prior to the season. Mark Trumbo has also missed significant time on the disabled list due to a stress fracture in his foot.
By Juan Cole | (Informed Comment) | – –
Donald Trump's blatantly racist attacks on immigrants have all along had as their subtext the implication that there is something wrong with those brown-skinned people and maybe it is unwise to let them in.
Trump even said “‘it's time' for the UK to depart the European Union because of ‘the craziness that's going on with migration' and reaffirmed he thought that some parts of London had become ‘radicalised'. He said he thought that British voters would vote to leave because of “unrest” over ‘people pouring in all over the place.' He also said that ‘thousands and thousands' of people (i.e. white people) in Britain supported his call for a ban on Muslim immigration.
So, the message is that white people are good and the big bad EU is making a white country accept all those radical brown people.
So the first known assassination plot against Trump (if you don't count far-right loonies and White Guys Brad Thor and Glenn Beck), it turns out, comes from the British white guy. He tried to grab the gun of a policeman at a Trump rally. Even after he was arrested, he said he'd like to give it another try.
Another irony. In Britain, most police don't carry guns as a routine matter, and so there the firearm wouldn't even have been available to be grabbed.
It is not known whether he self-radicalized on the internet or to what pack of lone wolves he belongs.
His defense lawyer says he appears to be competent.
But what with being white and all, and given the terroristic implications of gunning for a presidential candidate, he is almost certainly mentally ill.
(Though note that most mentally ill people are just struggling with a problem and aren't violent).
——
Related video:
Wochit News: “UK Man Denied Bail in Attempt to Kill Donald Trump”
When Landon Donovan walks out to play the final game of his career in what could be a record sixth MLS Cup win on Sunday afternoon, it will be the culmination of weeks of staged farewells, tributes, documentaries, commemorative presentations and ceremonies to honor him.
But Donovan's legacy as a U.S. and Major League Soccer icon will not be celebrated unequivocally in some key quarters. For Donovan, the first U.S. star to elect to build his career in America rather than Europe, has become something of a lightning rod for an ideological battle between U.S. national team boss Jürgen Klinsmann (who is also the technical director for the U.S. Soccer Federation) and Don Garber, the commissioner of MLS, the country's top domestic league.
Klinsmann's persistent take on Donovan, one that reached its controversial conclusion with the coach dropping the player from the U.S. World Cup squad this summer, has been that in electing to return to MLS rather than challenge himself in Europe, Donovan has undersold his talent and not demonstrated the level of desire necessary to become a truly top international player and an example to others.
For his part, Garber believes that Klinsmann's slighting of Donovan's choices and the groundbreaking example they set for U.S. professionals of what a successful American soccer career could look like is undermining the league — particularly with Klinsmann extending his critique to other top players, such as Clint Dempsey and Michael Bradley, who have started to return to MLS from Europe in Donovan's wake.
In October, Garber made an uncharacteristically confrontational statement at a press conference where he talked of his “personal disappointment” and issued a “demand” that Klinsmann stop denigrating the league and consider how he “conducts himself” in public. Garber cited Klinsmann's “inexcusable” treatment of Donovan among the his concerns.
In some social media circles, the spat was treated as Garber inserting his opinion into a personality clash between the league's golden boy and the head of the national team, but, entertaining as such soap opera narratives were, they tended to obscure deeper structural fissures and concerns for which Garber was only a mouthpiece.
Australians eat heaps of meat – more than almost any other country on earth. Matthew Evans says it's time we had an honest discussion about whether that's a good thing.
We are, depending on the year and whose statistics you use to measure it, the biggest or second biggest consumers of meat on earth. While, worldwide, average meat eaten per person per year is around the mid 30kg mark, we eat nearly three times as much; closer to 93kg a year according to OECD figures. In other words, we eat HEAPS of meat. Way more than we need to be healthy. We eat way more than nations more famed than ours for the quality of their food, and we place meat front and centre of most substantial meals when in other places, they don't.
The reasons for this carnivory are many. It's cultural - we have had access to lots of good quality meat, for a relatively cheap price compared to other countries, for generations. Our Anglo-Celtic colonists weren't brought here for their culinary skills, and the dishes they did bring often relied heavily on meat. Aboriginal communities across the nation included meat in their diet (though the amount varied depended on access to other animal protein, such as seafood), and as we replaced native forests with grasslands, much of the country was more suited to grazing animals than cropping (ie. more suited to meat than grains, fruits or vegetables).
We eat meat because, relative to most other nations, we are wealthy. We eat it because we know how to make meals using it in our limited time. We eat meat because we have lots of land with relatively low fertility well suited to grow animals on. We eat meat because it tastes delicious.
Matthew Evans during filming of For The Love of Meat: Australia has been well suited to grazing.
We also now know that eating so much meat isn't good for us. The World Health Organisation has classified red meat – including, beef, veal, pork, lamb, mutton, horse, and goat – as “probably carinogenic to humans”. WHO found an even stronger link between processed meat – salami and hotdogs, for example – and colorectal cancer. (You can read more details of the findings by the International Agency for Research on Cancer, WHO's cancer agency, here.) Eating meat isn't bad, but eating too much has the potential for increased harm. And in my view – and in the view of the scientists I spoke to – we as a nation do eat too much. (Find out how your meat consumption compares with the national recommendations via the National Health and Medical Research Council's National Nutritional Calculator.)
The WHO verdict Eat well: Not everything gives you cancer, but processed meat can A new study from the World Health Organisation has grouped processed meats, like bacon and sausages, into the same cancer-causing category as tobacco, asbestos and alcohol. Red meat fared slightly better, but the results raise serious concerns about the modern diet.
While I travelled the country and talked to people while filming For the Love of Meat, one thing became clear. The industry bodies want to do one thing: get you to eat more of their meat. That's their role - to encourage you to eat more beef and lamb. Or more chicken. Or more pork. Sometimes that meat consumption is at the expense of one of the other meats. But mostly it's just helped to increase our meat eating overall, so in 2016 we are silver medalists in the amount of meat eaten. The peak bodies, the advertising, the message, is all about eating plenty of meat. But they've also started to attack those who think eating meat does have negative impacts.
The lamb industry's ad showing the kale of vegans being torched was considered funny, and its critics lambasted (boom tish) for showing that classic vegan characteristic – a lack of a sense of humour. A meat eating food writer, Richard Cornish, who took a year off animal protein, has written about being mocked mercilessly for his choice. Restaurants joke that when asked if they have something for vegans, it's the exit door. I know how it goes. I'm one of those unashamed meat eaters that makes those seemingly flippant jokes, despite having once been a vegetarian myself. It's our culture to consider people who don't eat meat a bit ‘unAustralian' and the target of our mirth. These people who probably tread a bit gentler on the earth and are potentially a bit healthier than us.
Not eating meat is considered "unAustralian" by some
Meat eating is lauded. Nobody gathers around a big zucchini on a spit, salivating. Vegans and vegetarians are heckled. The industry wants us to gobble up even more meat than we currently do, regardless of the impacts on our health, on the animals, on the planet. The scales are tipped in this nation, towards meat eating. Even asking the question, “Do we eat too much meat?” was enough for some filming to be stopped when making the show.
The fear in the industry is palpable. And with good reason. There are livelihoods of thousands of people tied up in meat production. Families rely on the income generated by meat. Whole communities are built on the ability of farmers to rear and sell livestock. If I earned my money solely from pigs, I'd be more loathe to say don't eat so much pork. Or eat more vegetables that my neighbour grows. But the scary thing isn't the industry - we expect them to espouse the virtues, not flaws, of their products. The problem isn't the actual meat industry's voice, it's others with skin in the game.
So every time you talk to a scientist who is funded – even only in part or occasionally – by the meat industry, it seems like they can't countenance the fact that we may be eating too much meat. The mere question of whether we've reached peak meat consumption for the health of ourselves and our land is met with a blank, a muted response, or a request for the camera to stop rolling. Truly independent research into the effects of all this meat eating, on the animals and on the planet, is sparse. Even our lauded CSIRO has studies funded in part by industry. And is the meat industry likely to fund any scientists who question the mantra "eat more meat"? Scientists I've spoken to tell me no.
So Australia's in a bind. We have a culture and history of meat eating. We're world leaders in the field. We have buckets of money being spent by meat producers telling us to eat even more meat. The people charged with researching animal welfare and environmental consequences don't always feel at liberty to consider the unthinkable – that we moderate meat consumption, and produce better tasting meat that we eat less of. Through fear of funding cuts to their research, we run the risk that the scientists self-edit to give answers the industry wants, rather than what it should hear. And yet we know there are repercussions – on our health, on the planet, and on the animals we eat. These are repercussions that could be better managed if we simply ate less meat, wasted less, and used the meat we produce more efficiently.
We could have a grown up discussion about meat consumption and what it means for the animals, for the nation, for the planet, and for us, if only those involved in all aspects of the industry were big enough let it happen.
We eat a lot of meat in Australia – more than most other nations on earth. But do we really know what meat we are eating, and where it's come from? Find out more with Matthew Evans in For The Love of Meat.
Outside of the debate hall in Charlotte, North Carolina, another drama is taking place. Apparently "Black Lives Matter" needs a translation: To most of the rioters it means New Free Nikes Matter. As the first child in the family and the daughter of a small businessman who grew up in a working class community, I'm with John Schindler who tweeted this week, “Like Pier Pasolini, I am always on the side of the police, unless proven otherwise. Class matters. Order matters, Criminal filth does not.”
Tomorrow night we'll see the much-awaited matchup one-on-one “debate” between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Her staff is working with the debate commission to erase height and stamina advantages of her opponent. They asked that the debate be by seated opponents which was refused as was their effort to allow her to stand on a hidden stool. Her podium will be lowered though so when the camera sweeps from candidate to candidate viewers might not notice he is considerably taller than she.
The media airbrush the mayhem, if not actually inciting it by biased coverage. They did it in the Trayvon Martin case as American Thinker's Jack Cashill detailed this past Friday.
In Charlotte they have regularly referred to the thugs as “protestors” and failed to fully publicize how awful their behavior has been. Here are some examples you won't see on your news programs: Rioters attacked an elderly homeless man and beat a helpless man in parking garage and pulled off and stole his pants to further humiliate him.
Reports are in of stealing and looting on a significantly large scale, hijacking cars and trucks and terrifying their occupants, blocking streets and threatening to spread the mayhem outside the city limits. BLM would in a lawful society be subject to criminal racketeering and conspiracy charges, Instead, Attorney General Loretta Lynch defended the demonstrators as people exercising their constitutional rights to peaceful protest to create change. “We hear your voices and we feel your pain."
It's unsurprising that the attorney general is not acting as she should. We just learned this week through late released documents of Hillary Clinton's emails that the president who had asserted he first learned of her illegal use of a private unsecured email server int he newspapers had himself sent her mail on it using a pseudonym. It shows how unserious they all are about national security and the rule of law. We also learned this week that the FBI had granted immunity to five of Hillary's closest aides. Or, as the Mark Twain of Twitter, Iowahawk, David Burge, said: “Breaking: FBI gives Clinton immunity in Clinton investigation”. Add this to the unprecedented and grossly improper meeting between Lynch and Bill Clinton before FBI head Comey announced his decision, we know the fix was in from the outset.
You have no Department of Justice. You have no FBI.
What of the local police? In Los Angeles cops have been told to run away from armed suspects. In Charlotte, as in the prior cases of race riots in recent years, the DOJ has sent in troops which in the past stirred up the crowds, interfered with standard police operations and did what they could to keep the embers lit, innocent men prosecuted on no basis and moving us closer and closer to federal control of local policing -- by the most lawless of lawmen,
It's not only the government behind this immiseration of our poorest communities for presumed political advantage, It is the Democratic party's money bags, billionaire George Soros, who has contributed millions to Hillary and her party, who wants open borders and a recasting of the USA into his insane version of it.
…here's a solitary man at the financial center of the Ferguson protest movement. No, it's not victim Michael Brown or Officer Darren Wilson. It's not even the Rev. Al Sharpton, despite his ubiquitous campaign on TV and the streets. Rather, it's liberal billionaire George Soros, who has built a business empire that dominates across the ocean in Europe while forging a political machine powered by nonprofit foundations that impacts American politics and policy, not unlike what he did with MoveOn.org. Mr. Soros spurred the Ferguson protest movement through years of funding and mobilizing groups across the U.S., according to interviews with key players and financial records reviewed by The Washington Times. In all, Mr. Soros gave at least $33 million in one year to support already-established groups that emboldened the grass-roots, on-the-ground activists in Ferguson, according to the most recent tax filings of his nonprofit Open Society Foundations. The financial tether from Mr. Soros to the activist groups gave rise to a combustible protest movement that transformed a one-day criminal event in Missouri into a 24-hour-a-day national cause celebre.
Organizers and protestors were bussed in there as they have been in Charlotte -- where police say 70% of the people arrested were from out of state.
It always takes time to sort out conflicting reports about incidents such as the death of Keith Lamont Scott in Charlotte but the fact is that he was shot by a black policeman when he refused to drop his gun. He had a gun, not a book in his hand when he was shot, a gun which police reported on Saturday had his fingerprints on it. There was PCP in his car and he had a prior string of arrests -- at least one for shooting at police in 2005.
This has followed the usual pattern -- the “honor student”, “family man” “hands up don't shoot”, false witness narratives all evaporated in the light of day. And yet the press keeps showing the video his wife took in which she shouts repeatedly he had no gun and (she was going to sue if he was killed in the fray).
In the meantime, local homes and businesses have been destroyed, one black protestor murdered another in cold blood and Soros and his anointed candidate keep doing well by doing evil.
It's hard to fight such a well-funded propaganda effort with facts, but let me try with the help of Zero Hedge:
What is most disturbing is that behind the pent up rage and thuggish violence, dressed up in the socially-acceptable package of "black lives matter" is the reality that white violence is the last thing blacks should be "protesting."
Milo Yiannopoulos details even more from the statistical evidence in this short but compelling video:
The big lies propagated by Soros on whose shoulders Hillary stands continues on. She's part of what Tom Lipscomb characterizes as a gangster regime doing everything it can to expand its reach.
Do these developments sound familiar to those aware of modern world history? They do to my friend Alex Bensky, who notes that if we criticize Obama we are charged with “evil motives”. We have a government which is suppressing the opposition by every means possible, (including misusing supposedly neutral agencies like the IRS, FBI, and DoJ), makes corporate profits depend on (corrupted by cash) government approval, not market-based competition, and now gives “support for and approval of mob intimidation and violence to advance political ends.”
Results
We recently consulted on proposals to improve conditions for cyclists and pedestrians on Cheyne Walk / Chelsea Embankment between the junctions of Lots Road and Albert Bridge.
We received 31 responses to the consultation and after carefully considering all responses, we have made a decision.
The scheme will go ahead but without the advisory cycle lane elements at this time. The scheme will therefore consist of the upgrade of four central islands, a side road entry treatment at Blantyre Street, the upgrade of tactile paving at the zebra crossing closest to Blantyre Street, a dropped kerb on the westbound carriageway to enable cyclists to access the shared use pavement and the re-location of some signs. We expect these works to begin in early 2014.
The full consultation summary can be found here:
Files:
Congressman says he has “theories” that foul play may be involved
Steve Watson
Infowars.com
March 12, 2012
In a conversation with reporters in Missouri this weekend, GOP presidential candidate Ron Paul said that he and his supporters were suspicious about the outcomes of several caucuses because the crowds and volumes of support have been much bigger for him than for any other candidate.
“Quite frankly I don't think the other candidates get crowds like this, and we get them constantly” Paul said, after he had spoken to yet another crowd of over 2500 supporters in Missouri.
“You would get the perception that we would be getting a lot more votes.” He added.
“Sometimes we get thousands of people like this and we'll take them to the polling booth, yet we won't win the caucus.” Paul said, adding “A lot of our supporters are very suspicious about it.”
When informed that Santorum had won the Kansas caucuses, Paul admitted that he had not seen the numbers on it at that point but again reiterated his point, stating:
“That reminds me of a picture I just looked at. I had four thousand people and he had a hundred and fifty. So who knows.”
The picture, below, shows a huge turn out at a Kansas town hall meeting for Paul this weekend, compared to virtually nobody shows at Santorum's event.
The Congressman admitted he could not elaborate on his suspicions but commented “It's just instinct and hearsay stories, verbal stories that you hear and the kind of things that we heard about up in Maine.”
“They said we can't have a recount because they just write these numbers down on pieces of paper and then throw them away afterwards. So it's that kind of stuff that makes you suspicious.” Paul urged.
As we previously reported, evidence of possible vote fraud has been uncovered in Maine, where several towns and counties that Ron Paul won were omitted from the final state count for no identifiable reason.
Watch the video:
—————————————————————-
Steve Watson is the London based writer and editor for Alex Jones' Infowars.net, and Prisonplanet.com. He has a Masters Degree in International Relations from the School of Politics at The University of Nottingham in England.
Dear bullies of my past,
No matter how hard I tried,
I remember always thinking
Rejection and loneliness
There's nothing quite like
I still remember the hit.
Booking.com has a reputation for being one of the most heavily A/B-tested websites on the internet. Every feature, every font size and every color choice has been put to the test at some point. It's one of the reasons that Booking has been so successful in an incredibly competitive travel booking space.
But after years of optimization efforts and thousands of A/B tests, this is what the Booking.com home page looks like:
Is this really what the optimal travel booking website looks like? Is this what other players in the space should strive for?
There are numerous apparent flaws with the UI alone:
It's cluttered. To confirm this, we analyzed 28 travel booking websites with EyeQuant's Visual Clarity algorithm, which assigns a 0-100 score to web designs. Lower scores indicate cluttered designs, and higher scores indicated cleaner, clearer interfaces. The algorithm was trained with real user research data from hundreds of websites, and is 90% as accurate as a 200-participant study.
Booking.com scores a 32, lagging far behind the industry average of 71, proving that Booking's homepage is objectively much more cluttered than most other travel sites.
It's full of visual distractors. To evaluate this, we used EyeQuant's visual attention model, which predicts which content will initially be most/least eye-catching, and is trained with data from eye-tracking studies. Results are 85% as accurate as a real eye-tracking study. It turns out, the personalized ads for specific destinations are more eye-catching than the search widget itself.
In this case, "Poznan" is the most visible word on the page. This destination has been chosen for me because I booked a hotel in Poznan 3 months ago. But for my next trip, I actually want to go to Vancouver. Yet the design of the page is actively directing my attention to a destination that's no longer relevant for me.
What's going on here?
Booking has so much traffic that they're able to isolate even the smallest variable to measure its impact. So that's what they do - they run small, isolated tests on every imaginable piece of the website. This makes sense because by isolating individual variables (an image choice, a font color), it's possible to measure the impact of each individual element of the website.
If you completely re-design the home page, for example, you wouldn't be able to do this. You'd see a shift in overall conversion rates, but you wouldn't know which variables drove that change. Was it the increase in font size? The addition of a sub-header? The removal of unnecessary banners? They wouldn't be able to tell.
There's a problem though with relying so heavily on small, isolated iterations: the scope of your tests will be very narrow, and if you run a lot of tests like Booking does, you'll eventually reach a point where it's difficult to generate uplifts through small tweaks. This happens as you approach a Local Maximum in conversion rates.
(Image source)
According to Alex Birkett from ConversionXL, a local maximum in the context of conversion optimization is:
When you hit the peak of your current design. It can't get much better – even if you make a thousand small tweaks, you can only improve so much. The site is as effective as it ever will be on its current structural foundation.
In order to move from a local maximum to a global one, your CRO program needs to include not just iterative tests, but also a series of bigger, bolder tests as well.
Paul Rouke from PRWD suggests that to reach their full potential, A/B testing programs need to leverage both iterative testing (small tweaks) and innovative testing (bolder changes).
This might explain why Booking.com, Amazon and other sites that perform a lot of A/B tests look the way they do. It's not because they've reached the "optimal design", it's because they've focused primarily on getting the most out of their current design. Indeed, the Booking.com home page hasn't changed that drastically from 10 years ago:
It's certainly been updated and features have been added, but it looks largely the same in terms of its overall design. That's not necessarily a bad thing, but at some point these sites will need to employ innovative testing approaches to break through a plateau in conversion rates.
What could a radical re-design look like?
Just for fun, our team decided to try our hand at re-designing the Booking.com homepage, using EyeQuant to guide us through the process and help us decide what's likely to work, and what isn't. Note: this is just a very, very rough mockup for the sake of example only, but here's what we came up with:
Here are some of the changes:
1. Instead of having several distracting images on the page, this design sticks 1 one main image that blends into the background. This image can be personalized based on a user's search history or popular locations. In this case I've used a shot of Berlin (image source).
2. The color scheme within the search widget allows for a high level of luminance contrast, which ensures that the most important content gets noticed first. This also improves accessibility.
3. The current version of Booking.com has plenty of extra links, offers, and options which are only relevant to a specific sub-set of visitors. The design above has a "menu" section in the header where some of these options can be presented.
The EyeQuant results for this design show a laser-focus on the most important content:
Users immediately see what the site is about, why they should use it, and where to go next. There are also recommended destinations that are easy to find for those looking for inspiration, but not annoying or disruptive for people who know exactly where they want to go.
The biggest improvement, however, comes in the reduction of clutter on the page. This design scores an 84/100 on our visual clarity index, triple the score of Booking's actual design. It also scores better than Priceline's homepage, and isn't too far behind SkyScanner. According to EyeQuant, this design would also be more exciting than the existing Booking homepage (80 vs. 64).
That's not to say this design is the right one - again, it's only a quick mockup to serve as an example of the type of approach Booking could take if they were to embrace innovative testing in addition to the iterative testing they're already doing.
What can the rest of us learn from this?
The main take-away here is that Iterative vs. Innovative testing shouldn't be an either-or decision. We mentioned earlier in this post that radical re-designs have a major drawback: it's very hard to unpack the changes you've made and figure out which of them actually drove an uplift (or drop) in conversion rates. But that's something you figure out using iterative tests! Indeed, one CRO approach that could work very well is to run iterative tests until you hit a plateau in conversion rates, then run a series of bolder tests (such as radical redesigns). Afterwards, you can go back to another series of iterative tests to measure the impact of specific components of the new design. It's the best of both worlds.
--
Want to learn more about EyeQuant, the AI for instant, objective design insights?
Learn how EyeQuant can improve your design process and increase conversion.
UPDATE: The El Paso County Coroner's Office has identified the victim as 28-year-old Tyler Roe. We are working to get more information.
____________________
A deadly motorcycle crash caused major delays on Nevada at Winters in Colorado Springs Tuesday afternoon.
The crash happened just before 1 p.m. The road was reopened around 4:30 p.m.
Police say a commercial box van and the motorcycle were both approaching Winters coming from different directions on Nevada. When they reached the intersection and had a yellow light, police say both vehicles entered the intersection at the same time. The cargo van turned left in front of the motorcyclist, who was unable to stop and collided with the van. He died at the scene.
Police have released the name of the other driver, 23-year-old Jericho Benson, who was served and released on charges of vehicles turning left and careless driving resulting in death.
(Image by Unknown Owner) Details DMCA
- Advertisement -
The most troubling economic trend facing America this Labor Day weekend is the increasing concentration of income, wealth, and political power at the very top -- among a handful of extraordinarily wealthy people -- and the steady decline of the great American middle class.
Inequality in America is at record levels. The 400 richest Americans now have more wealth than the bottom 150 million of us put together.
Republicans claim the rich are job creators. Nothing could be further from the truth. In order to create jobs, businesses need customers. But the rich spend only a small fraction of what they earn. They park most of it wherever around the world they can get the highest return.
- Advertisement -
As a result, businesses are reluctant to hire. This is the main reason why the recovery has been so anemic.
In the immediate aftermath of Saturday's win over Canada, Joe Schmidt was reluctant to rush any judgment over his selection for the coming rematch against New Zealand.
In the immediate aftermath of Saturday's win over Canada, Joe Schmidt was reluctant to rush any judgment over his selection for the coming rematch against New Zealand.
Stick or twist - Joe Schmidt's selection dilemma for second test against All Blacks
By now, the Ireland coach will have pulled apart the tape and moved closer to a decision on the make-up of the 23-man squad that will take the field to face the All Blacks.
At the heart of his decision is a fundamental choice: stick or twist.
Twenty-two of the players who made history in Chicago are fit and available for selection, 14 of those were rested for the weekend's facile win over Canada.
Although he was hesitant about divulging too much, Schmidt did indicate there are three areas where he is considering change.
"Back-row, back three, even front-row, there are some tough decisions," he said. "We'll get together and sort those out and we'll announce the squad on Thursday and will have been really, really closely looked at.
Ultan Dillane, left, celebrates scoring a second half try against Canada with team-mate Seán O'Brien. Photo by Piaras Ó Mídheach/Sportsfile
"Hopefully it will be the right squad to give the All Blacks another really good game."
Those are the main areas, but Iain Henderson's return to fitness could see change extend to the second-row, while the bench is also ripe to be altered.
Read more: Major fitness boost for Iain Henderson and Ireland ahead of All Blacks test
Conventional wisdom would see him sticking with a winning team but Schmidt knows that the inevitable New Zealand improvement means his side will need to be better for the rematch.
The same again won't cut it.
THE BACK-ROW
Jordi Murphy's misfortune means there is guaranteed to be one change to the team that defeated New Zealand in Chicago.
Josh van der Flier came on for his luckless Leinster colleague at Soldier Field and was one of Ireland's top tacklers despite only getting 56 minutes on the field.
That contribution drew praise from Schmidt who opted to rest the UCD man for the clash with Canada, a move that allowed Sean O'Brien an opportunity to impress.
O'Brien and Peter O'Mahony were stung by their omission from the travelling party two weeks ago and are two games further along in their recoveries, yet one of them is likely to miss out altogether this weekend given CJ Stander and Jamie Heaslip's performances in the famous win.
O'Mahony got through 80 minutes while O'Brien was withdrawn which could be a sign that the Leinster man has the edge, but he took on more ball as the stand-in captain had a more play-making role, while he also took up more defensive slack and lineout work.
"We'll try to make sure that any decisions we make are based on as much of the evidence as we see," Schmidt said.
"There are tight calls and we may go for a certain combination or certain strengths we feel we're going to need.
"One guy's a better lineout player and one guy who's better on the floor; one guy who is really strong in the scrum or one guy who is a super tackler. It just depends on what we think we're going to need."
Stick: Stander, Van der Flier, Heaslip
Twist: Stander, O'Brien, Heaslip
SECOND-ROW
After doing a job on New Zealand's lineout, there will be a temptation to keep Donnacha Ryan and Devin Toner's partnership intact, with Ultan Dillane unleashed off the bench.
But the Kerry man's performance against Canada suggested he may be ready for increased involvement, while Henderson's return to fitness throws another option Schmidt's way.
During this year's Six Nations and on the South Africa tour, the preferred combination was Henderson and Toner with Dillane on the bench, but Ryan's work around the maul is in his favour.
Undoubtedly, Dillane and Henderson are the more explosive players who could be asked to take the game to the All Blacks but there is also the conditions to factor in with the forecast for rain on Saturday.
Stick: Ryan, Toner
Twist: Henderson, Toner
FRONT-ROW
Schmidt raised some eyebrows when he mentioned the dilemmas that await him in the front-row, where Jack McGrath, Rory Best and Tadhg Furlong performed so well at Soldier Field.
Yet, Cian Healy's destructive approach to the Canadian defence in Saturday's game may have turned the coach's head.
The loosehead made 17 carries in the 61 minutes he was on the field, relentlessly getting over the gainline with hard, powerful carries.
It would be very hard on McGrath were the coach to change things up, but there are few players in the world who can offer what the Clontarf native does around the park. It shouldn't be forgotten that he got the nod for last year's World Cup quarter-final despite McGrath being in better form.
Any other changes to the front-row would be a major surprise.
Stick: McGrath, Best, Furlong
Twist: Healy, Best, Furlong
BACK THREE
Simon Zebo had the game of his life in Chicago, but Keith Earls' aggressive performance against Canada put him firmly in the selection frame.
Earl has been an automatic pick when available and would probably have started in Chicago had he not been suspended and with four clean breaks, a try and 89m carried he reminded his coach of his quality at the Aviva Stadium.
Stick: Kearney, Trimble, Zebo
Twist: Kearney, Trimble, Earls
THE BENCH
If he doesn't make it into the team, Earls could dislodge last Saturday's debutant Garry Ringrose on the bench, while Paddy Jackson is certain to replace Joey Carbery.
The forward replacements depend on the starting XV.
Read more: 'It's a different All Blacks team coming to Dublin' - Sean Cronin's words of warning
Irish Independent
American actress
Dawn Elberta Wells (born October 18, 1938) is an American actress who is best known for her role as Mary Ann Summers on the CBS sitcom Gilligan's Island. She and Tina Louise are the last surviving regular cast members from that series.
Life and career [ edit ]
Early life [ edit ]
Wells was born in Reno, Nevada, where she attended Reno High School. She later attended Stephens College in Columbia, Missouri, where she majored in chemistry. She transferred to the University of Washington in Seattle, where she graduated in 1960 with a degree in theater arts and design. She was a member of the Alpha Chi Omega sorority.
In 1959, Wells was crowned Miss Nevada and represented her state in the Miss America 1960 pageant in Atlantic City, New Jersey.[1][2]
Career [ edit ]
In Hollywood, Wells made her debut on ABC's The Roaring 20s and the movie The New Interns and was cast in episodes of such television series as 77 Sunset Strip, The Cheyenne Show, Maverick, and Bonanza, before she took the role of Mary Ann on Gilligan's Island. She reprised her character in the various Gilligan's Island reunion specials, including the reunion cartoon spin-off Gilligan's Planet and three reunion movies: Rescue from Gilligan's Island, The Castaways on Gilligan's Island, and The Harlem Globetrotters on Gilligan's Island.
She also appeared as a guest star on Wagon Train, Tales of Wells Fargo, 87th Precinct, Surfside 6, Hawaiian Eye, Ripcord, The Everglades, The Detectives, It's a Man's World, Channing, Laramie, Burke's Law, The Invaders, The Wild Wild West, The F.B.I., Vega$, The Love Boat, Fantasy Island, Matt Houston, ALF, Herman's Head, Three Sisters, Pastor Greg, and Roseanne.
Wells 1975 press release
Wells had small roles in the early 1960s films Palm Springs Weekend and The New Interns, and later starred with Michael Dante in the independent 1975 film Winterhawk, playing a Western settler kidnapped by an Indian chief. Her other films include The Town That Dreaded Sundown, Return to Boggy Creek, Lover's Knot, Soulmates, Forever for Now, and Super Sucker. In fall 2011, she began filming Silent But Deadly (originally titled Hotel Arthritis)[3], a comedy horror film released in 2012.
Following Gilligan's Island, Wells embarked on a theater career, appearing in nearly one hundred theatrical productions as of July 2009. She spent the majority of the 1970s, and 1980s, touring in musical theater productions. She also had a one-woman show at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas in 1985.
In 1993, Wells published Mary Ann's Gilligan's Island Cookbook with co-writers Ken Beck and Jim Clark, including a foreword by Bob Denver. She was close to Alan Hale Jr., who played The Skipper in Gilligan's Island, even after the series completed its run, and he contributed a family recipe ("Kansas Chicken and Dumplings") to her cookbook. Hale's character was the inspiration behind such concoctions as Skipper's Coconut Pie, Skipper's Navy Bean Soup, and Skipper's Goodbye Ribeye, and he is depicted as Skipper Jonas Grumby in numerous photographs throughout the book. She said in a 2014 interview with GoErie.com, "Alan could not have been kinder to a young actress. He was a real peach."[4]
In 2005, Wells consigned her original gingham blouse and shorts ensemble for sale from her signature role. Beverly Hills auction house Profiles in History sold it for $20,700.[1] In 2008, she joined Gilligan's Island creator Sherwood Schwartz in Los Angeles for the celebration of Schwartz's entry into the Hollywood Walk of Fame. She appeared on the "Celebrity Holiday Bash" episode of Food Network's Chopped, which first aired December 1, 2013.
In 2014, Wells released What Would Mary Ann Do? A Guide to Life, which she co-wrote with Steve Stinson. The book was released to coincide with the 50th anniversary of Gilligan's Island.[5]
Gilligan's Island co-star Russell Johnson died on January 16, 2014, and Wells and Tina Louise are the only surviving cast members of the sitcom. In May 2016, Wells was named Marketing Ambassador to MeTV Network.[6] In January 2019, Wells was seen promoting the Gilligan's Island television series on the MeTV television network.
Reception [ edit ]
In 2005, TV Guide ranked Wells No. 50 on its "50 Sexiest Stars of All Time" list.[7]
Personal life [ edit ]
She married Larry Rosen, a talent agent, in 1962. The couple had no children and were divorced in 1967.[8]
In 2018, a GoFundMe page was set up to help Wells cope with financial trouble.[9][10]
Humanitarian work [ edit ]
Wells in 2015
Wells runs a business, Wishing Wells Collections, making clothing for people with limited mobility.[11] She is the founder of the Idaho Film and Television Institute, a not-for-profit (501c3) educational organization with "a vision of education, technical training and economic development in Southeastern Idaho."[12] She organized SpudFest, a regional annual family movie festival,[12] and has been a spokeswoman for Idaho Potatoes.[13]
Charity [ edit ]
Wells continues to lend her support to the Denver Foundation, a charity chaired by Dreama Denver, widow of Wells' Gilligan's Island co-star Bob Denver. In November 2009, she appeared at the Denver Foundation's Christmas Wish Celebrity Auction, helping to raise funds for the disabled and disadvantaged in West Virginia.[14]
Filmography [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Republican Congressman Peter King encouraged the president-elect to approve a mass surveillance program that keeps tabs on Muslims to combat terrorism.
King said Thursday the urged Donald Trump to take a 'more leaning forward' approach to fighting Islamic terrorism.
'I suggested a program similar to what Commissioner Kelly did here in New York, and that we can't worry about political correctness,' King, a New York representative said.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
Republican Congressman Peter King encouraged the president-elect to approve a mass surveillance program that keeps tabs on Muslims to combat terrorism
The spying program was 'very effective for stopping terrorism,' he claimed, and 'should be a model for the country.'
For half a decade the New York City Police Department spied on Muslims in mosques and their communities through a secret demographics unit authorized by Commissioner Ray Kelly that 'never' teed off an investigation, according to a court statement.
Muslim and civil liberties groups sued the city after Associated Press exposed the spying program in a series of articles in 2011.
A federal judge rejected a proposed settlement in a case brought by the American Civil Liberties Union at the end of October because it didn't do enough to quell 'potential violations of the constitutional rights of those law-abiding Muslims and believers in Islam.'
The ACLU said Thursday it would take Trump to court, too, if he followed King's advice and instituted a national spying program.
'This would be unconstitutional and we would sue,' the organization said.
From the lobby of Trump Tower, King told reporters Thursday that he'd just had a 'very productive' meeting with Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence.
'The main issues I discussed were what we have to do to have the Justice Department and the FBI, be more leaning forward when it comes to investigating Islamic terrorism,' he said.
King, a past chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee, said the government has to be 'on the lookout obviously for attacks from overseas'. But it must also keep its eye on homegrown terrorism.
'It's the attacks like San Bernadino, Orlando, Boston marathon - they're the ones that are going to be attempted to be carried out and we have to be more aggressive in trying to stop them,' he said.
He brought up the Kelly program in New York and said 'it was very aggressive and forward leaning when it came to trying to estimate where terrorism was going to be coming from.'
'Unfortunately Civil Liberties Union and the New York Times didn't like' his surveillance programs, 'but they were very effective for stopping terrorism and they should be a model for the country.'
Trump used the New York City model as an example of good intelligence gathering in the wake of the Orlando, Florida, attack at Pulse nightclub.
'We had them in New York City, as an example, probably the best in the nation, and the new mayor just broke it all up and disbanded it, he thought it was inappropriate,' Trump said of NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio. 'That was unbelievable, that was one of the best of all systems. We need intelligence gathering like never before.'
King said Thursday the urged Donald Trump to take a 'more leaning forward' approach to fighting Islamic terrorism
King said NY's spying program was 'very effective for stopping terrorism' and 'should be a model for the country.' But NYPD brass admitted in court that it never stopped an attack
Police recorded sermons and infiltrated student groups and kept databases on areas Muslims shopped, lived and worked.
Assistant chief Thomas Galati, the commanding officer of the NYPD intelligence division, said in a 2011 deposition that in a five-year period he had never known the intelligence unit, that was enabled by the CIA, to commence an investigation.
'I never made a lead from rhetoric that came from a demographics report, and I'm here since 2006,' he said, per a report in the Associated Press. 'I don't recall other ones prior to my arrival. Again, that's always a possibility. I am not aware of any.'
John Brennan, President Obama's CIA Director and his chief counterterrorism adviser before that, said he believed the police department's activities to be helpful and lawful, even as Attorney General Eric Holder said he found the reported behavior to be 'disturbing.'
Then-FBI Director Robert Mueller said in testimony before Congress, 'Ray Kelly has done a remarkable job in protecting New York. New York has been and will continue to be a terror target.'
Kelly retired from the force in 2013.
For half a decade the New York City Police Department spied on Muslims in mosques and their communities through a secret demographics unit authorized by Commissioner Ray Kelly. He retired in 2013
Trump announced his intent to nominate General John Kelly, a former Commander of U.S. Southern Command, to run the Department of Homeland Security on Monday.
'The American people voted in this election to stop terrorism, take back sovereignty at our borders, and put a stop to political correctness that for too long has dictated our approach to national security,' Kelly said in a statement accompanying the announcement.
'I will tackle those issues with a seriousness of purpose and a deep respect for our laws and Constitution.'
King said Thursday that he's not interested in a Trump administration job.
'No, no job. And I made that clear up front,' he said. 'Mainly he is going to have a very active agenda as far as Islamic terrorism and combating it, and I just wanted to give him some ideas I had as to what to do with the House and to tell him I would be there fighting for him on it because its so important.'
Trump initially said he'd bar non-American Muslims from entering the country temporarily to counterterrorism. He also said he'd create a registry to track Muslims - though his campaign later said he wouldn't.
'I want surveillance of certain mosques, OK?' Trump said at a Nov. 2015 rally. 'I want surveillance. And you know what? We've had it before, and we'll have it again.'
Joakim Noah has told teammates he's done with the Bulls
Joakim Noah may have belted out his last primal scream in a Bulls uniform.
Noah has been telling teammates in recent weeks that he was done with the organization once free agency begins, and “has no trust in the front office getting this in the right direction,'' according to a Bulls player.
The player was asked if Noah's feelings had anything to do with first-year coach Fred Hoiberg and the tension that developed between the two early in the season, when Noah lost his starting job. The player insisted that Noah didn't bring up the rift as an explanation for his desire to bolt.
What was offered up, however, was the notion that there seems to be a complete mistrust multiple players have toward general manager Gar Forman, with Noah leading that charge.
According to the player, former coach Tom Thibodeau was always able to shield the players from the front office, having them buy into the idea that it was “us against them.''
However, Hoiberg was deemed a Forman hire, so that wall was very blurry.
What the players have been trying to figure out in building their relationship with Hoiberg has been exactly how tied the coach is with Forman.
“They might not be as tight as everyone, including Gar, thinks,'' one league source said of the Hoiberg-Forman relationship.
That remains a very important issue moving forward for this team.
“We know there's at least one assistant [coach] that tells Gar everything that goes on,'' the player said. “There are a lot of guys that have a problem with that, and not just Jo.''
A lot of guys aren't about to hit the free-agent market, however. Noah is.
The 31-year-old is coming off one of his worst seasons since he came into the league as a rookie back in 2007, averaging just 4.3 points and 8.8 rebounds per game, before facing season-ending shoulder surgery after just 29 games.
The numbers told only part of the story, however.
Near the end of training camp, Hoiberg announced that Noah would be coming off the bench. There was a back-and-forth concerning if Noah volunteered for that, with the big man vehemently denying that scenario.
The Noah-Hoiberg relationship seemed to be mending before Noah went down with the injury, but the Noah-Forman bridge remains broken unless there is a complete change of heart.
Noah, who is one of the more charitable players in the entire NBA, had become so annoyed with Forman that he actually turned down a chance to help Bulls Charities earlier this season. According to the player, Noah was approached by Leslie Forman – Gar's wife, as well as the VP of Bulls Charities – to take place in “some auction where he would have to ride around town with the winner or something like that.”
Noah didn't like the way he was approached and pressured, so flatly said no.
“Not like Jo at all,'' the player said.
There was no response from Noah after attempts were made to reach him on the matter. Forman also didn't respond.
But that also pulls back another layer with the Bulls that rubs players the wrong way. The feeling is there is no accountability with Forman because of the relationship he and his wife have with team president and COO Michael Reinsdorf and his wife, Nancy.
Nancy is the president of Bulls Charities and works closely with Leslie.
“[Noah] represents a lot of things that we believe in,'' VP of basketball operations John Paxson said in mid-April about re-signing Noah. “So we have an affinity for Jo. But we've got to talk, we've got to see where it goes.''
It may have already gone.
Aiden McGeady will miss Everton's friendly at Swindon with a hamstring injury.
The problem will also keep the Republic of Ireland winger out of the Blues trip to Singapore next week.
Earlier this week it was confirmed that Leighton Baines, Bryan Oviedo and Darron Gibson would remain on Merseyside to continue their rehab.
Manager Roberto Martinez told evertontv: “Aiden has been suffering from a hamstring problem that affected him last season and it affected him when he was with the national team.
“We need to get down to the root of the problem and make sure that he gets pain free.”
Most players will play just 45 minutes at the Country ground, but Tyias Browning and Brendan Galloway, who have extra pre-season work with the Under-21s in Austria under their belts, could play more.
“It's a case of getting the physical element out of the game. You want to win and score goals and keep clean sheets but the most important aspect is to get through the 45 minutes that they need.
“Brendan and Tyias are ahead of the group because they have worked with the Under-21s and they could probably play 90 minutes with no problems.”
Martinez also confirmed that Under-21 defender Jonjoe Kenny will be in the squad for Swindon and will also travel to Singapore.
New Delhi: Demonetisation of old Rs500 and Rs1,000 notes had a “material impact on spending" as reflected in significant slowing of GDP growth in January-March, Fitch Ratings said on Tuesday, warning that the ongoing steep decline in investment could spell risks to growth potential.
In its latest Global Economic Outlook (GEO), Fitch said Indian GDP growth slowed “significantly" to 6.1% in March quarter from 7% in December quarter.
This was the slowest pace since fourth quarter of 2013-14.
“Domestic demand accounted for the bulk of the slowdown. It appears that the cash squeeze of November 2016 – whereby the government pulled 86% of cash in circulation out of the economy virtually overnight – finally did have a material impact on spending," it said.
Stating that the lagged effect of demonetisation on the economy is “quite puzzling", Fitch said this partly reflects the challenges of measuring spending in an economy with a large informal sector.
Consumption growth fell substantially to 7.3%, from 11.3% in the fourth quarter of 2015-16.
“More worryingly, investment dipped into negative territory (-2.1%). This partly reflected poor construction activity, which fell by 3.7%, an unprecedentedly low level in recent years," it said, adding that this may have been affected by the demonetisation shock.
Stating that investment has been persistently weak in recent years, Fitch said investment as a share of GDP has been trending down for several years and “ongoing steep declines could spell risks for medium-to-long term growth potential."
“We do, however, expect investment to gradually pick up from current lows on the back of the transmission of supportive monetary policy of the past two years and stepped- up structural reforms," the rating agency said.
Fitch expected that the goods and services tax (GST), which is to kick in from July, will facilitate trade within India and reduce transaction costs. Also, public spending on infrastructure is set to rise, boosting investment.
“This should help drive a pick-up in GDP growth, which we forecast at 7.4-7.6% in the next two fiscal years," it said.
CPI inflation, it felt, should also tick up as the current low food price effect will fade, but would remain firmly within the central bank's target range. Fitch said the recovery in global growth is strengthening and is expected to pick up to 2.9% this year and peak to 3.1% in 2018, the highest such rate since 2010.
“Faster growth this year reflects a synchronised improvement across both advanced and emerging market economies. Macro policies and tightening labour markets are supporting demand growth in advanced countries, while the turnaround in China's housing market since 2015 and the recovery in commodity prices from early 2016 have fuelled a rebound in emerging market demand," said Brian Coulton, Fitch's Chief Economist.
Michelle Fields's Barons of the Beltway isn't a book in the truest sense of the word. It's more of an anthology, a collection of essays and articles written by other people. And therein lies the problem: Barons of the Beltway amounts to works of others that she passes off as her own.
I purchased this book knowing what I was getting into. I hadn't heard of Fields before she falsely accused Donald Trump's former Campaign Chair Corey Lewandowski of assault. Following that story closely, and researching her (likely) false claim of assault against the NYPD, convinced me that Fields would do anything to advance her career. If she'll fake being a victim for personal gain, there is nothing stopping her from stealing ideas and paraphrasing, all without citation, the writers who actually do the tough work of writing and researching. That's plagiarism, plain and simple.
The evidence supports that serious allegation. These aren't the occasional similar sentences or ideas. The plagiarism is obvious: entire articles are reworded over the course of many pages without citation in an effort to conceal the true authorship.
For example, pages 188 – 193 of Barons of the Beltway are paraphrased from a New York Times article on Jeb Bush's cronyism. The NYT was published on February 15, 2015 by authors Steve Eder and Michael Barbaro. Fields did this without citation and without acknowledgement to the authors.
Once aware of the almost verbatim copying of these sources without citation, guessing at the plagiarism as you read Barons of the Beltway isn't difficult. This book has a middle-school reading level and it's easy to separate the more substantive parts (that various outlets have contributed unknowingly) and the sections where she's giving superficial commentary. Though the purpose of this review is to address Fields's plagiarism, I offer a couple examples of her dreadful analysis:
Page 191: “It's hard to imagine any state politician having the guts to ask the vice president of the United States to nominate someone as a U.S. attorney.” Please try to reconcile the above sentence with the fact that the previous 190 pages were about political corruption and cronyism.
Page 191: “Keep in mind – this isn't just any position – this is U.S. attorney. This is a position that influences decisions dealing with crime and fairness in America.” Fields has the nerve to want you to pay for such insight.
But enough with the fun – and back to my point. The plagiarism continues when Fields address Nancy Pelosi and Obamacare Waivers. This time, on page 88, she lifts a cute little phrase about the prices of various Pelosi neighborhood restaurants from Daily Caller writer Matthew Boyle's May 17, 2011 article.
It continues on page 115, where Fields lift from an article from Brent Scher we get to the section on “equal pay.”
Or, see page 117 and Fields' plagiarism of an April 8, 2014 Washington Free Beacon article about pay discrepancies in Dick Durbin's office.
And finally, we get to Fields discussing Jeb Bush's China connections. Pages 204 – 205 of Barons of the Beltway are really an article from Joshua Green and Miles Weiss of Bloomberg. Their piece about Jeb's financial deals with offshore private equity funds deserves citation not just because it's an author's duty to her readers and her peers, but because it's such an outstanding article that deserves respect. And when it comes to discussing Jeb's funds, it's clear that Fields has no sources. So she takes them from someone else and plays them off as her own. Note that Fields cities “sources,” whereas Joshua Green and Miles Weiss cite a “source.” That's not just plagiarism – that's making things up.
Let me just make a few points in closing. Michelle Fields must have known that she would eventually get caught. And just like any perpetrator she likely has a ready-made excuse. Expect the accusations to be initially dismissed. Then she'll say this is no big deal because she simply failed to provide citations.
But don't let her fool you. This is a big deal. It continues a pattern of behavior that Michelle Fields has displayed since she stepped into the public arena. Lies about being assaulted by the NYPD. Lies about Corey Lewandowski. She steals from her peers. And she lies to her readers and breaks the vow she inherently makes to them as an author.
Photos of Fields' plagiarism of Bloomberg and the New York Times are provided.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has been pressured for months to release his tax returns but refuses to do so until he is done being audited by the IRS.
ADVERTISEMENT
But experts tell The Wall Street Journal that Trump and his lawyers know the IRS's deadlines and thus can take their time negotiating settlements and responding to requests for documents.
Outstanding audits of Trump go back as far as 2009, the Journal reported, which means the businessman has given the IRS permission to expand its investigation beyond the three-year statute of limitations, according to lawyers who focus on tax matters.
“He certainly has a lot of influence over the audit ending sooner or later,” Bryan Skarlatos of Kostelanetz & Fink LLP to the paper. “It would be relatively easy at this point to extend the audit beyond the elections.”
Tax lawyer Robert McKenzie said it's “close to impossible” that the multiyear audit would be completed by Election Day.
Trump has received scrutiny from both Democrats and Republicans for refusing to release his tax returns.
If he stays on his current course, Trump would become the first major-party presidential candidate since 1976 to release none of his tax returns.
Last week, billionaire Warren Buffett taunted Trump at a rally for Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE, saying he'd meet the nominee at ”any place, any time" so the two could publicly exchange their tax returns.
It is no longer a question of whether one of the world's major economies will introduce a universal basic income for all of its citizens, but when. Over the weekend, the leader of the UK's Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn announced in an interview in the Huffington Post that he was ‘instinctively looking' at an idea that is already being discussed and piloted in Switzerland, the Netherlands, Norway and Canada. Corbyn may be one of the current glut of what would have once been political outliers in the Western World, but the idea of a universal basic income is one that is increasingly accepted in mainstream economic thinking. The RSA continues to campaign for it and has even put a number on it, suggesting that every UK citizen should be offered £308 between the ages of 25 and 65. Andrew Flowers offers up a masterful and detailed analysis of the economic and political issues involved in this piece on fivethirtyeight.com.
There is no question that it will present a particular challenge for politicians but the very pragmatic reasons behind its appeal should see them through and help them address the discontent people appear to feel for their working lives and political systems. So, while the TUC might see it as a sort of extension of the Living Wage as a way of addressing the increasingly wide pay gap between the wealthy and the less well off, especially those in the growing precariat, it is also a sign of wider changes in the way businesses function.
Perhaps the most obvious of these is the growing disconnect between the wealth of firms and the number of people they employ. As a recent report in the Economist highlighted, the direct link between the number of people employed by a business and the amount of revenue it generates is vanishing rapidly. General Motors was once amongst the largest and most commercially successful firms on the planet and employed people in appropriate numbers. In 1979, GM employed 853,000 people worldwide and was the largest private sector employer in the US with nearly 620,000 employees. Its operations supported hundreds of thousands of other jobs in related industries. It could lay claim to being the figurehead of capitalism if not necessarily the world's most successful company with turnover of over $66 billion in that year.
This mantle ha s now passed to tech firms. Microsoft turns over around $94 billion but only employs 119,000 people. Similar patterns are evident at Apple ($234 billion with 115,000 people) and Amazon ($89 billion with 222,000). However, these are all companies that actually produce something that people are willing to buy. Several new operations which produce nothing tangible make the point even more forcibly that revenue is no longer linked to employment. Facebook ($13 billion turnover and 10,000 people), Google ($66 billion with 60,000 people) and Twitter ($1.4 billion with 3,900 people).
This is already happening in our post industrial world and was even predicted in the 1920s by C.H. Douglas, a British engineer and a pioneer of the idea of basic income who was one of the first people to recognise that technology was opening up a gap between economic output and the income of staff. So, it requires no leap of the imagination to foresee the consequences the coming wave of automation and robotics and the ways in which they will accelerate this process. The outcome will involve a complete reimagining of our relationship with work and income and the way we spend our time.
That it should come to this has been evident for decades. In 1970, the American polymath Richard Buckminster Fuller famously framed the paradoxes of this era in an interview in the New York Magazine. “We must do away with the absolutely specious notion that everybody has to earn a living,” he said. “It is a fact today that one in ten thousand of us can make a technological breakthrough capable of supporting all the rest. The youth of today are absolutely right in recognising this nonsense of earning a living. We keep inventing jobs because of this false idea that everybody has to be employed at some kind of drudgery because, according to Malthusian-Darwinian theory, he must justify his right to exist. So we have inspectors of inspectors and people making instruments for inspectors to inspect inspectors. The true business of people should be to go back to school and think about whatever it was they were thinking about before somebody came along and told them they had to earn a living.”
The fear of automation and technology appears to rest on the idea that it will leave us without a job and an income so we starve. This is all too often the driving force behind contemporary capitalism and the underlying cause of a great many of the problems both employers and employees face. Universal basic income, coupled with paid work, has the potential to change all of this permanently. If handled correctly it could help to close pay differentials, address the fact that most of the world's unpaid work is still done by women, help firms to employ more people in skilled roles, support innovation and the creation of startups, encourage individuals to upskill and address all of the ills most commonly cited about modern work such as lack of engagement, insecurity, poor work-life balance and all of the physical and mental ailments we associate with work. It is an opportunity that we seem set to seize and what we make of it is entirely down to us.
The Electoral Commission has this afternoon released the first of four sets of data about cash contributions and loans to referendum campaigning organisations, this one comprising information about donations over £7,500.
Having complained bitterly just a couple of months ago about being the “underdog” because “the Yes camp have more financial firepower”, Blair McDougall's “Better Together” has trousered over £2.4m from rich business donors, whereas Yes Scotland has collected under £1.2m, almost all of it from lottery winners Chris and Colin Weir.
Those making gifts to various arms of the No campaign include the mysterious Rain Dance Investments (£200,000) – a company with no website, which appears to be based in an eight-bedroomed house in a small village in Lincoln which also seems to be home to numerous other companies.
Our favourites, though, without question, are the Stalbury Trustees.
Donating £50,000 to the millionaire-run “Vote No Borders” group (two-thirds of its declared donations, although it appears to have also received a considerable number of donations just under the £7500 limit), Stalbury Trustees is a company “devoted to the promotion of Conservative principles”. (A goal it achieves, naturally, with money.)
Magnificently, one of its directors lists his occupation as “gentleman”, while the others are all members of the House of Lords with titles like something out of Game Of Thrones. One of them, The Seventh Earl of Verulam, is actually John Grimston, a banker who until 2000 was Managing Director of ABN-Amro, the dodgy bank which would ultimately bring down RBS.
We thought that “Robert Edward Peter Marquess Of Salisbury” must be the “Viscount Cranborne” referred to in the Independent story linked a couple of paragraphs above, who had to resign from the UK government for breaking ministerial rules on conflicts of interest, on the basis that the family seat of the Marquess is Cranborne Manor.
Confusingly, however, “Robert Michael James Cecil” appears to be the current Marquess of Salisbury, also known as Lord Cranborne and Viscount Cranborne, and a former Leader of the House of Lords, so it seems more likely that it was him.
Ulric David Barnett – the mere “gentleman” – is another investment banker from an aristocratic line, about whom we can find little further information, but we're sure he's a top-hole fellow despite being apparently the only non-lord in the group. We hope the others don't mock him too much for being an oik.
We can't wait to see them all on a platform with Ian Davidson.
Go) intrigues me. It is lauded in most circles as the thinking man's chess, a game played by luminaries for 2500 years. It is used in movies and TV shows to hint at the ideas of Zen and east Asian religion. I have never successfully played a complete game, though I enjoy reading about the culture that surrounds it.
Recently, reading about the design of the Go board itself, I learned that each board is not perfectly square. Instead, its sides have a ratio of 15:14 — imperceptibly rectangular. This means that when seated next to it, the board appears square due to the foreshortening effect of perspective.
In addition, the stones are each slightly larger than a single square of the 19x19 grid, a fact that only becomes apparent as the board becomes full. Near the end of a game, stones must be placed very carefully, as to not displace other stones. As the game comes to a conclusion, the stones squeeze each other in a very literal manner.
Black stones are slightly larger than their white counterparts. This is to account for the visual illusion that occurs between the stones: white pieces appear larger than black ones. This discrepancy is eliminated by the difference in sizes. In Japan, the stones are traditionally convex on both sides, making each piece wobble at the slightest disturbance.
The math of Go is asymmetrical, too: the grid is 19x19. 19 is an indivisible (prime) number, so the board cannot be split into smaller equal components. The number of total points — 19 times 19, or 361 — is odd, so there are 181 black stones and 180 white stones.
The game only has 2 rules. But when played by experienced players, games stretch on for hours, often pivoted around a single point on the board. It is so complex a game that, despite its place in finitude (there is no element of chance, so theoretically, perfect play is possible), no computer has so far reliably bested its champions.
The lesson I draw from these observations is that disharmony and harmony are inextricably linked. One causes the other. Or, perhaps it would be better to say that one necessitates the other. In my work, I strive for mathematical precision, perfect adherence to grid systems and type scales, color theory and compositional structures. This quest for rigor often results in chaos.
Instead, I should open the door to chaos and imperfection; maybe the result will be much closer to the elegance I strive for.
Scientists from the UK's Cetacean Strandings Investigation team are trying to determine the cause of the biggest mass stranding in a century
Slicing cleanly through two inches of skin and blubber, Rob Deaville considers the possible causes of death of the sea mammal on his dissecting table. “It's a female, juvenile, stranded in north Devon,” he says. “No signs of parasite infestation. It looks healthy. It may have just come too close to shore.”
This porpoise, in the process of being dismembered with small parts of its vital organs tested for disease and pollutants, is one of hundreds that come to the labs in the Zoological Society of London each year, awaiting a post-mortem – a necropsy, in the scientific term – that will help to establish how the animal lived and why it died.
In recent weeks the team's expertise has been called on to investigate a highly unusual series of events. A mass stranding of sperm whales has puzzled scientists, with a total count of six now having washed up on British beaches, the biggest in the century since Zoological Society of London (ZSL) has been making a count, and taking custody of the bodies.
This is part of a much bigger event, as at least 29 have now been found on the coasts of the UK, the Netherlands and Germany. It is impossible to tell whether all the whales were members of the same pod, or a clutch of pods, but it seems likely that the strandings are related. Sperm whales tend to live in groups of females with their young, while adult males roam further afield singly.
Deaville, project manager of the Cetacean Strandings Investigation programme – CSI for whales, dolphins and their relatives if you like – is reluctant to make guesses as to what the cause of the deaths may be. While people naturally want to have answers as soon as possible, the need for close examination and the inherent caution of the scientific method mean this is not realistic. “We just do not know yet, and I don't want to speculate without the data,” he says.
Several potential explanations have been put forward. Disease may be a factor, or changes related to climate change, or the overfishing of some of the sea areas where the whales tend to gather. Most recently, concerns have been raised over the lingering effects of now-banned chemicals, called PCBs, polluting European waters.
UK's last resident killer whales 'doomed to extinction' Read more
PCBs are lipophilic, notes Deaville, meaning that they are found in concentration in the animals' thick layer of blubber, which is why extensive samples of it are taken in the labs. The liver is also a key source of samples, as it will reveal the levels of heavy metals – such as lead, cadmium and mercury – that the creature has absorbed, mostly from its fish diet.
These are the early warning systems of the seas. Heavy metals are now so concentrated in fish that pregnant women and small children are advised to eat no more than two portions of affected fish in a week.
Another likely cause of death is that the whales simply got lost. The North Sea is one of the shallowest in the world, so much so that archaeologists are only now discovering the remains of human settlements buried on the seabed from the last Ice Age, when “Doggerland” was above sea level and inhabited.
For whales, which navigate by echo-location in a similar way to bats, shallow water is a trap, as it confounds their ability to use sound. When out of the breeding grounds of their usual prey, such as squid, they can quickly become starved and dehydrated, because they obtain their water from their food. Once in shallow water, the enormous weight of their bodies is no longer so buoyant, and can crush them. The recently found dead whales may simply have strayed too far from their usual haunts and been unable to find a way out. Whether climate change, which has caused cold water species to move north and brought normally tropical fish to UK waters, has played a role is still unclear.
Counterintuitively, the strandings may actually be good news for the species. While it is hard to count marine populations accurately, strandings “can be a proxy” says Deaville. “The bigger the population, the more likely it is that some will be stranded,” he explains.
The whales, and any more that are found, will be extensively examined in the ZSL labs and definitive results, with any clear conclusions that can be drawn from them, are likely to become available in the next few months. However, even those findings may still leave the mystery unsolved. “We don't know whether we will find an answer,” says Deaville.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Cetaceans Strandings Investigation team inspects inspects the carcass of a sperm whale on the beach in Hunstanton in Norfolk, England. The whale is the 29th to get stranded in Europe in in recent weeks. Photograph: Alan Walter/Reuters
Cetacean Strandings Investigation programme in brief
The CSIP has a curious history. Under a 13th-century law enacted by Edward II, all whales, sturgeon and porpoises are regarded as “royal fish”, so that when caught by UK fishermen or stranded around the coast they are the property of the crown. The Queen no longer exercises her right to have this bounty hauled on to her dinner table or cut up to make corsets, but the CSIP fills in, building on work done at the Natural History Museum since 1913 when formal records of strandings began.
The information gleaned from investigating the circumstances of strandings and performing necropsies on the corpses helps to inform conservation efforts, and acts as an early warning system in case of emerging diseases or other hazards for marine mammals.
Based at the ZSL, next to London zoo, the CSIP recently celebrated its 25th birthday, and in that time Deaville has examined more than 3,500 specimens, adding greatly to our knowledge of the wildlife that dominate the UK's seas.
Tempers flare as 14-man Leicester beat 13-man Bath.
Leicester Tigers came from behind to beat Bath this afternoon, in an ill-tempered clash which saw three red cards and two yellows.
Stephen Donald scored a try for Bath after 12 minutes, which was the only scoring play of the first half.
Julian Salvi missed a chunk of the opening period for Tigers while receiving stitches for a facial cut, Jordan Crane spending eight minutes on the pitch as a blood substitute.
Leicester looked lively after the break, and were awarded a penalty early in the second half, George Ford kicking the three points.
Bath were reduced to 14 men as Simon Taylor was shown a yellow card for crossing.
Leicester took advantage to force another penalty and take a one-point lead.
However, the lead was short-lived, with Tom Biggs adding Bath's second try of the afternoon two minutes later.
Momentum swung back in Leicester's favour when Francois Louw was red-carded for elbowing an opponent in the face, temporarily leaving Bath with only 13 players on the field.
The home side needed just one minute to get back in the game, as Adam Thompstone scored the Tigers' only try of the match.
Ford missed the conversion that would have given Leicester the lead, but made amends four minutes later with a penalty kick.
A mass brawl shortly after Ford's penalty resulted in two more red cards.
Matthew Banahan was dismissed for a dangerous tackle on Anthony Allen, while Brett Deacon was also sent off, having punched Banahan in retaliation. Allen was stretchered off following the incident.
Bath went down to 12 men for 10 minutes after Donald was shown a yellow for swinging arms.
The win moves Leicester into the playoff places.
The initial print run of the controversial Che Guevara stamp, which provoked strong criticism on social media, has sold out.
An Post has described the demand as "unprecedented".
The €1 stamp, which was released to mark the 50th anniversary of the revolutionary's death, went on sale last week with a run of about 122,000 stamps.
"It is necessary to now print extra stock to cover our regular stamp customers and makeup of annual collector products, stamp yearbook, etc," an An Post spokesperson said.
"It is anticipated that some additional stock will then be available for general sale."
The stamp features the famous image of 'Che' by Dublin artist Jim Fitzpatrick, which appears on T-shirts, posters, badges and clothing worldwide and is now rated among the world's top ten most iconic images.
A prominent Cuban-American journalist had described An Post's decision to feature Che Guevara on the stamp as "objectionable".
Ninoska Perez of Miami 710 radio said that Che Guevara was considered a mass murderer and should not be honoured.
The Department of Communications said that the decision to issue the stamp had been approved by the government in 2015.
Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was born on 14 June 1928 in Rosario, Argentina.
His family were prosperous and had aristocratic roots, but had left-wing sympathies. His father was Ernesto Guevara Lynch, a civil engineer of Irish descent.
A quote from Guevara Senior features on a First Day Cover (FDC) envelope produced to accompany the stamp. It says "... in my son's veins flowed the blood of Irish rebels".
Che Guevara assisted Fidel Castro in overturning the Cuban government in the late 1950s. He then held key political offices during Castro's regime.
He was executed by the Bolivian army on 9 October 1967.
With his death, and assisted by the popular artwork, Guevara the Marxist revolutionary went on to become a cultural icon.
We've had this declared as a primary feature of Ethereum, not to mention express wording in the The DAO terms, hadn't we
So it makes sense: if code is law, attacker will get as much money from the DAO as he wants, which renders DAO tokens worthless.
Why did I do it? Because all of us had an explicit agreement, stated many times: transactions are immutable and code is law.
? As a diligent investor I sold my DAO tokens at a discounted price, knowing the attack transactions won't be reverted.
Some of you, who, for some reason, hesitated to sell at a discount, or had hope for some solution to revert the attack, have kept your DAO tokens, and subsequently sold Ether from The DAO at a much higher price, were motivated to support the hard fork.
You, who explicitly agreed on The DAO terms you've thoroughly read before investing, https://daohub.org/explainer.html, including
There is a risk that, as an open source project, any contributor to The DAO's software could introduce weaknesses or bugs into the DAO software, causing the loss of DAO tokens or ETH in one or more or even all of the DAO Token Holder's accounts,
and
and Any and all explanatory terms or descriptions are merely offered for educational purposes and do not supercede or modify the express terms of The DAO's code set forth on the blockchain; to the extent you believe there to be any conflict or discrepancy between the descriptions offered here and the functionality of The DAO's code at 0xbb9bc244d798123fde783fcc1c72d3bb8c189413, The DAO's code controls and sets forth all terms of The DAO Creation,
have breached the agreement, supported the hard fork and managed to benefit from my losses.
Well, good for you - when money talks, you don't really care about your agreements, principles, or the fact that you're taking advantage of a contract violation to serve yourselves.
Yep, it's a dog eat dog world, isn't it? Good thing is that now you know the price of your word - your word can be sold at the price of your investment in The DAO, you know the exact amount.
But there are other people taking advantage of my losses and your decision to go pro-fork. Their financial gains from this are probably far greater than yours.
The ones who bought a large amount of The DAO tokens at a huge discount - a reckless risky investment unless the buyers are the ones who know and control something the sellers don't.
The ones who had a much greater access to information on how the attack could and will be handled (remember the closed chats with exchanges and “we will discuss internally and get back to the community” stuff?) and whether the hard fork is likely.
The ones who had at their disposal a wider range of public address channels and a far greater clout in the “community” than any middle-of-the-road DAO token holder, causing you to go pro-fork with financial motivation and reputational pressure.
The ones who are motivated to throw their resources at supporting the hard fork to rescue a large holding of the DAO which they've refused to disclose, despite being directly questioned about it many times, although such disclosure would a BS a logical part of due diligence for any project soliciting public investments.
The ones who could make the most profits, taking advantage of both those who stayed true to the principles of Ethereum and terms of The DAO, and those who abandoned and perverted them, being financially motivated to breach the terms they've accepted.
So who was in the best possible position to make profits out of the whole The DAO debacle?
Vitalik Buterin, Gavin Wood, Alex Van de Sande, Emin Gün Sirer, Vlad Zamfir,
Shermin Voshmgir, Griff Green, Timon Rapp, Gian Bochsler, Stephan Tual, Griff Green, Simon and Christoph Jentzsch,
you are closely associated with The DAO and the hard fork in one capacity or the other.
Some of you had their reputation used extensively to leverage The DAO marketing campaign.
Some of you used their reputation extensively to push the hard fork, whether by publicly addressing the wider community, or by privately targeting much narrower circles - exchanges, mining pools, etc.
Some of you are even using whatever remains of their reputation to bash on the original, unaltered, chain.
You are also some of the brighter people in the Ethereum community (except for Stephan Tual and Griff Green, apparently).
Given that, it shouldn't be hard for you to answer the simple question: who had the motivation, the means, and moral flexibility to push the fork and take profits from it?
I don't really expect an answer from some of you for reasons which seem obvious.
Others, however, could clarify their stance on the aforesaid - either by answering, or by ignoring the question.
This article is about the 17th-century immigrants to New France. For the movie, see The King's Daughters
"Les filles du roi" redirects here. For the roller derby team, see Montreal Roller Derby
The King's Daughters (French: filles du roi; filles du roy) is a term used to refer to the approximately 800 young French women who immigrated to New France between 1663 and 1673 as part of a program sponsored by King Louis XIV of France. The program was designed to boost New France's population both by encouraging male immigrants to settle there, and by promoting marriage, family formation and the birth of children. While women and girls certainly immigrated to New France both before and after this time period, they were not considered to be filles du roi, as the term refers to women and girls who were actively recruited by the government and whose travel to the colony was paid for by the king.[2] They were also occasionally known as the King's Wards, where "wards" meant those under the guardianship of another.
Origins [ edit ]
filles were young women aged between 16 and 25 The majority of thewere young women aged between 16 and 25
At its start, New France was a man's world: the province of soldiers, fur traders, and priests, it had little to offer women. In time, the colony became more agricultural, which allowed for more women, but as late as the mid-17th century, there was a severe imbalance between single men and women in New France. The small number of female immigrants had to pay their own passage, and few single women wanted to leave home to move and settle in the harsh climate and conditions of New France. The population growth of competing English colonies awakened concern among some officials about France's ability to maintain its claim in the New World.[3]
To increase the French population and the number of families, the Intendant of New France, Jean Talon, proposed that the king sponsor passage of at least 500 women. The king agreed, and eventually nearly twice the number were recruited. They were predominantly between the ages of 12 and 25, and many had to supply a letter of reference from their parish priest before they would be chosen for emigration to New France.
Marguerite Bourgeoys was the first person to use the expression "filles du roi" in her writings. A distinction was made between King's Daughters, who were transported to New France and received a dowry at the king's expense, and women who emigrated voluntarily using their own money. Other historians used chronological frameworks to determine who could be called a fille du roi. Research by the historical demographer Yves Landry determines that there were in total about 770 to 850 filles du roi who settled in New France between 1663 and 1673.
The title "King's Daughters" was meant to imply state patronage, not royal or noble parentage; most of the women recruited were commoners of humble birth. As a fille du roi, a woman received the king's support in several ways. The king paid one hundred livres to the French East India Company for each woman's crossing, as well as furnishing her trousseau. The Crown also paid a dowry for each woman; this was originally set at four hundred livres, but as the Treasury could not spare such an expense, many were simply paid in kind.
Those chosen to be among the filles du roi and allowed to emigrate to New France were held to scrupulous standards, which were based on their "moral calibre" and whether they were physically fit enough to survive the hard work demanded by life as a colonist. The colonial officials sent several of the filles du roi back to France because they were deemed below the standards set out by the king and the Intendant of New France.
As was the case for most emigrants who went from France to New France, 80% of the filles du roi were from the Paris, Normandy and the western regions. Almost half were from the Paris area, 16% from Normandy and 13% from western France. Most came from urban areas, with the Hôpital-Général de Paris and the Saint-Sulpice parish being big contributors. Many were orphans with very meagre personal possessions, and with a relatively low level of literacy.[15] Socially, the young women came from different social backgrounds, but were all very poor. They might have been from an elite family that had lost its fortune, or from a large family with children "to spare." Officials usually matched women of higher birth with officers or gentlemen living in the colony, sometimes in the hopes that the nobles would marry the young women and be encouraged to stay in Canada rather than return to France. A few women came from other European countries, including Germany, England, and Portugal.
Integration into New French society [ edit ]
Year Arrivals[19] 1663 36 1664 1 1665 80-100 1666 0 1667 109 1668 80 1669 149 1670 c. 165 1671 150 1672 0 1673 60 Total 832-852
The women disembarked in Quebec City, Trois-Rivières, and Montreal. After their arrival, their time to find husbands varied greatly. For some, it was as short as a few months, while others took two or three years before finding an appropriate husband. For the process of choosing a husband, and the marriage, most couples would officially get engaged in church, with their priest and witnesses present. Then, some couples went in front of the notary, to sign a marriage contract. Marriages were celebrated by the priest, usually in the woman's parish of residence. While the marriage banns customarily were to be published three times before a wedding could take place, the colony's need for women to marry quickly led to few filles du roi having marriage banns announced. It is known that 737 of these filles du roi were married in New France.[25]
The marriage contracts represented a protection for the women, both in terms of financial security if anything were to happen to them or their husband, and in terms of having the liberty to annul the promise of marriage if the man they had chosen proved incompatible. A substantial number of the filles du roi who arrived in New France between 1669 and 1671 cancelled marriage contracts; perhaps the dowry they had received made them disinclined to retain a fiancé with whom they found themselves dissatisfied.
An early problem in recruitment was the women's adjustment to the new agricultural life. As Saint Marie de L'Incarnation wrote, the filles du roi were mostly town girls, and only a few knew how to do manual farm work. This problem remained but, in later years, more rural girls were recruited.[citation needed]
There were approximately 300 recruits who did not marry in New France. Some had changes of heart before embarking from the ports of Normandy and thus never leaving, while some died on the journey. Others returned to France to marry, and a few remained single.
Integration in Ville-Marie [ edit ]
Prior to the King's Daughters, the women who immigrated to Ville-Marie, otherwise known as Montreal, had been recruited by the Société Notre-Dame de Montréal founded in 1641 in Paris. Amongst these women were Jeanne Mance and Marguerite Bourgeoys. When the first filles du roi arrived in Montreal, they were taken in by Bourgeoys. Initially, there were no comfortable lodgings to receive them, but in 1668 Bourgeoys procured the Maison Saint-Gabriel, a large farmhouse in which to house them.
End of recruitment and growth of the settlement [ edit ]
The program was a resounding success. It was reported that in 1670, most of the girls who had arrived the previous year, 1669, were already pregnant and by 1671, a total of nearly 700 children were born to the Filles du Roi. The colony was expected to gain population self-sufficiency soon afterward.[32]
By the end of 1671, Talon suggested that it would not be necessary to sponsor the passage of girls for the next year, and the king accepted his advice.[19] The migration briefly resumed in 1673, when the king sent 60 more girls at the request of Buade de Frontenac, the new governor, but that was the last under the Crown's sponsorship.[19] Of the approximately 835 marriages of immigrants in the colony during this period, 774 included a fille du roi.[33] By 1672, the population of New France had risen to 6,700, from 3,200 in 1663.[33]
Rumours and legends [ edit ]
The Arrival of the French Girls at Quebec, 1667. Watercolour by 1667. Watercolour by Charles William Jefferys
The idea that the filles du roi were prostitutes has been a rumour ever since the inception of the program in the 17th century. It seems to have arisen from a couple of misconceptions, both contemporary and modern, about immigration to French colonies in the New World. The first of these, which took root long before the first fille du roi emigrated, was that Canada was a penal colony. While there were two campaigns in the mid-16th century that involved the immigration of French criminals to Canada in exchange for their records being expunged, they were both short-lived. These programs resulted in little more than setting a precedent for viewing Canada as a place where those "of questionable morality" could be sent for one reason or another.
The popularisation of the idea that the filles du roi in particular were prostitutes can be traced to an account by the Baron de Lahontan of his time in New France;[35] several earlier sources made the same assertion, including Saint-Amant, Tallement des Réaux, and Paul LeJeune. In his account, Lahontan refers to the filles du roi as being "of middling virtue", and wrote that they had emigrated in the hopes of religious absolution. As early as 1738, Claude Le Beau countered his portrayal in an account of his own journey to New France, as did Pierre François Xavier de Charlevoix in his 1744 work.
Out of nearly 800 filles du roi, only one, Catherine Guichelin, was charged with prostitution while living in Canada, after she was abandoned by her husband.[35] She appeared before the Sovereign Council of New France under the charge of carrying out "a scandalous life and prostitution" on 19 August 1675. Her two children were "adopted" by friends, and she was banished from Quebec City. She was reported to have turned to prostitution after her husband, Nicholas Buteau, abandoned the family and returned to France. She later gave birth to many children out of wedlock. Guichelin had at least two marriage contracts cancelled. She also wed twice more after returning to Sorel, Quebec, then Montreal.[38]
The ships carrying the filles du roi would travel up the Saint Lawrence River, stopping first at Québec, then at Trois-Rivières, and lastly at Montréal. Because the prettiest of the girls would have the easiest time finding a husband, many of the immigrants settled in Québec, the first port of call.[39]
Notable descendants [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Beaudoin, Marie-Louise; Sévigny, Jeannine (1996). "Les premières et les filles du roi à Ville-Marie". Montreal: Maison Saint-Gabriel.
Lanctot, Gustave (1952). "Filles de joie ou filles du roi". Montreal: Les Éditions Chantecler Ltée.
Landry, Yves (1992). "Orphelines en France pionnières au Canada: Les filles du roi au XVIIe siècle". Montreal: Leméac Éditeur Inc.
Further reading [ edit ]
Share. PlanetSide regains its place in the records book. PlanetSide regains its place in the records book.
PlanetSide 2 set a new Guinness World Record over the weekend for most simultaneous online players in a single FPS battle.
On January 24th, 2015, PlanetSide 2 hosted 1,158 players from all three of the game factions – Terran Republic, Vanu Sovereignty, and New Conglomerate – in a massive battle on the Jaeger competitive server.
Exit Theatre Mode
The event, organized by fan community PlanetSide Battles in partnership with Sony Online Entertainment, was an organized attempt to beat Man vs. Machine's previously held record from 2012 of 999 players.
PlanetSide 2's community had hoped for 1,100 to join in the record setting, but ended up with several more. Before Man vs. Machine's attempt, the first PlanetSide had once held the record as well.
PlanetSide 2 World Record Setting Battle 7 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 07 PlanetSide 2's World Record Setting Battle 01 OF 07 PlanetSide 2's World Record Setting Battle PlanetSide 2 World Record Setting Battle Sony Online Entertainment Download Image Captions ESC
The battle that won PlanetSide 2 its current world record standing saw 53,729 kills, 3,822 team kills, 31 bases captured, and 5,089 vehicles destroyed. The top weapon used was the Orion VS54 light machine gun. The most used vehicle was the Sunderer.
You can find the full battle report on the PlanetSide Battles website.
IGN's review of PlanetSide 2 called it "a huge, exhilarating shooter that everyone should play." The closed beta for PlanetSide 2 on PlayStation 4 also launched last week.
Chloi Rad is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow her on Twitter at @_chloi.
That good man, my friends, is Michael James, the over worked assistant curator of the bonsai collection at the National Arboretum in Washington DC. He has very good ears. He heard my cell phone camera click from about 30 feet away. I say overworked because there isn't an official curator at the moment, he's doing the work of two.
I had the opportunity, during my last tour of the Pennsylvania, Maryland and Virginia areas, to visit the National Bonsai and Penjing Museum at the National Arboretum. My friend Erick Schmidt (find him on Instagram at @eschmidtpabonsai) set up a few days of bonsai tourism for me before I had to go to work. And I'll tell you what, I have enough photo sets of the trip for about 5 blogsposts. So this post is going to be just for the DC collection. I could actually do three just on this visit but, since I have unlimited storage now (which is a good chunk of change I might add) I'm letting this entry be a huge data whore for you to peruse, probably in multiple sittings (I am under no illusion that the majority of you read these posts whilst sitting in a burgundy padded chair, sipping brandy in front of a fire, chuckling jovially at my pithy jokes and terrible puns and muttering “good one old boy” under your breath. I'm read while you're on break, in a graffitied toilet stall, between the business you are there for and washing your hands.)
Anyway, here are some brothers in bonsai who were with me. From the left, Tony Green, intern or apprentice, Erick, my host, and Michael James, assistant curator.
Tony is, surprisingly, from Florida. He's been an intern for several months now, and he's been adding to the apprentice blog (Click here! For the latest entry) regularly. He is also very committed to bonsai. Let's just say that his salary doesn't pay the bills to be able to live in DC.
What's funny is that as Erick and I were walking up we hear a loud “YO!” From the entrance just as we are coming up on Michael. It was Tony yelling towards us. He had heard that I was coming to the collection that day and was looking for us.
As embarrassing as that is, being recognized like that, I'm glad he was waiting for me. You see, all the trees (and I mean all) had been turned around backwards to get a better distribution of sunlight. He took it upon himself to turn them back around so I could get proper pics.
Here's an example, this coastal live oak. I couldn't tell you which is the front from these two pics.
Can you? Thank you Tony, me and my readers appreciate it!
Are you ready? I'm not going to try to identify all the trees unless I know specifically what they are. And I'm pretty sure I missed some too. But here I present to you, the trees from the National Bonsai and Penjing collection.
Starting in the Japanese pavilion, we have a Japanese black pine.
A shimpaku juniper.
An eleagnus (what's called “gumi” in Japan I believe)
A spruce, I think.
White pine.
Trident maple root over rock.
I'd like to point out two things: The tea bags, which are used to hold the fertilizer. And second, many of the deciduous trees are looking a bit ragged. That's from the summer heat and pretty normal. It's mid-August in Washington DC, which means that it's hotter and more humid than what I'm used to, in Florida, and that's saying a lot. It used to be that DC was considered, by the military, to be such an extreme environment posting (both colder and hotter than usual) that the service men and women got hazard pay.
A spruce.
A white pine.
Most of the white pines in bonsai are grafted onto black pine roots stock. Hence the bulge towards the roots spread.
A crab apple. Which should be pronounced “crah-bapple” in honor of Mz. Crabapple from the Simpsons.
A spruce.
Maybe a hemlock? Too dark to tell.
A Japanese maple.
I think a quince.
Root over rock trident.
This trident was a Japanese princes favorite tree, gifted by the royal family.
A Japanese maple. More of a yard tree. There are a few more from the Japanese pavilion but I'll show them later.
Now, the North American pavilion. You'll notice that the trees here will cover much more species, both traditionally Japanese and native ones, as well as many non-traditional styles and presentations.
Like here, a coastal live oak, in a pine tree or semi cascade style.
Mexican or montezuma cypress, a taxodium mucronatum.
Eleagnus.
A California juniper with amazing deadwood.
Guy Guidry's bald cypress.
A blue atlas cedar
Looks like an Atlantic white cedar.
A ficus microcarpa “kaneshiro” I think.
Acer rubrum forest. One of Vaughn Bantings trees.
I'm not sure of this one. Maybe a boxwood or an ilex.
Ficus natalensis, from David Fukumoto.
A willow leaf ficus.
Trident maple.
This is an elm. Maybe a cedar elm.
Privet. I picked up two of these while I was in the area.
Sageretia.
A juniper.
This is a buttonwood from the Queen herself, Mary Madison.
A black pine.
Cedar.
Cork bark pine.
Jaboticaba.
I always like to point out good roots on these trees, they are grown from seed and usually have terrible root spreads.
Those tea bags again.
Pine.
Juniper.
A very formal pine
A very American bald cypress. Last time I posted about a flat-top cypress there were all kinds of controversy.
This tree was designed by Vaughn Banting, who originated the flattop style.
A very twisty juniper, maybe a Rocky Mountain variety.
Harold Harvey's bougainvillea. There are a total of three Florida trees there.
Harold is from my club though. Bragging rights.
Vaughn Banting has three as well. A sweet gum by him.
I believe these are elms.
Causurina, or Australian pine. Not really a pine though.
This tree is spectacular. A wild American juniper.
From Florida, and Marian Borchers, a parsley hawthorn, it's even a native Florida tree.
Juniper.
A mixed juniper planting.
I think it's a beech.
Could be a son of a beech.
Shimpaku.
Rocky Mountain.
I caught Mr Green turning a tree. He was fast. Notice the size, in a few pics you'll see why.
Juniper.
A very stark tree. Winter is coming.
Here's that elm that Tony was turning. Doesn't look so big now, does it?
This is a good time for me to point out that it is always best to see trees in person. Photos don't do them justice.
Especially the group plantings. They look so tiny. Chinese elm.
This might be a larch.
Tridents.
Juniper.
Ok, we are out of the North American area but some of these next trees are either from that collection or the Japanese collection. I've lost my way, there were too many trees.
Red pine.
Camellia
Azalea
I know this one, it's a ponderosa pine collected by Dan Robinson. He called it “dancing Jackie Gleason”
There's some old deadwood on it
Now some shohin. Not many really, I think they rotate them from the growing-out area (yes, I got to see there too, hold your horses..)
This is a huge rock planting of cypress.
A very twisty shimpaku in the old, natural, Japanese yamadori style.
They don't style them this way anymore.
Trident.
Now we enter the Chinese area. This is a water jasmine.
One or two flowers left.
A big Chinese elm.
Sageretia
Black pine.
A trident planting.
Chinese elm
Trident root over rock
A dwarf bamboo planting
Chinese hackberry
Elm planting.
Exposed root trident.
Chinese elm.
Trident planting.
Hinoki cypress
Schefflera arboricola
Juniper.
Elm root over rock
Cork bark pine.
Podocarpus
Pine
The backside of a ficus microcarpa.
I was very happy to see the correct binomial names at the Arboretum.
The front side.
A very natural looking Fukien tea. No S-curve there.
Chinese elm. I like this one.
Root over rock pine
Larch.
A bougie with a withered trunk.
It's old too.
Penjing could mean a planting of a tree, or trees, or rocks and trees or just rocks.
I posted this elm on social media and someone said that this was the right side.
I said at least it wasn't the wrong side.
Pyracantha
Literati black pine
Trident over a tile.
Elm
Penjing.
A spruce, I think.
Sageretia
With a musician resting in the shade.
I liked this exposed root trident.
A sumac.
A beautiful elm.
One of those rock plantings I talked about.
Grass planting.
Pine.
That's it for the Chinese pavilion. You'll notice a difference in style at all three pavilions. I won't comment on it but I'm sure I'll get comments on from the readers.
Now, the backstage area. One of the perks of writing a blog.
This area is for resting trees after repots….
Or newly donated pieces…..
Sick or weak trees….
Here's an interesting tree from back home.
It excited Tony, he couldn't wait to get back to Florida to collect one. You see, it's a highly invasive exotic in Florida that could use some removing from the wild.
A Brazilian pepper tree.
There are some amazing trees not on display in the back.
Here's a very new addition, it's from Jim Doyle at Natures Way, an eastern white cedar.
Tony thinks it would look better at this angle…..what do you think Jim?
I even got to go into the quarantine greenhouse.
I felt safe inside. Some people think I should be housed permanently inside one of these.
A Row bed. Sometimes it helps to put a tree into the ground to gather strength.
They have an indoor work area where they hold workshops, classes, and demos. Here's Michael giving direction to a staff member.
Some volunteers weeding, wiring, plucking needles etc.
The next room holds the pot cage.
Some practice wiring thingies. Cool.
A per trait of Saburo Kato. He was instrumental in the original donation from Japan.
I've purposefully kept the two most famous trees for last.
The Yamaki Pine….
I could tell the story, but I'd rather send you to the web page with the official Story on the National Bonsai Federation website. Follow all the links.
The tree is a survivor from the Hiroshima bombing during WWII. It was a gift of peace from the Japanese people to the USA.
The tree is old. Almost 400 years old. Go to the link and read the story. I have no more words.
And John Naka's Goshin.
John could be called the father of American bonsai. His tree, called Goshin, or The Protector of the Spirit.
Each trunk (11 in number) is representative of one of John Naka's Grandchildren. The trees are foemina junipers and the composition was made to represent a cryptomeria forest near a shrine in Japan. The work on the first trees was started in 1948. The final planting was done in 1973. It was donated to the Museum in 1984.
It was his gift to the collection and it is perhaps the most recognizable bonsai in the world.
To spend time with these two trees, with them all really, was a magical experience. Thank you Erick, thank you Tony, and thank you Michael for the time and all the trouble. I am honored.
I can't wait to go back.
The next post, I think, will be a of a simple ficus Benjamina twin trunk composition.
He has been called "a buffoon" and "a media tart". But Professor Kevin Warwick insists he is engaged in a noble mission: to save humankind.
The ire of several academics has been well and truly aroused by the news that Warwick, Professor of Cybernetics at Reading University, is to deliver the prestigious Royal Institution Christmas lectures, following in the footsteps of the distinguished physicist and chemist Michael Faraday, who delivered the inaugural lectures in 1825.
Warwick is the man who has declared: "I want to do something with my life; I want to be a cyborg."
In 1998, he had his first experience of being a cybernetic organism, part human and part machine, when he had a silicon chip transponder surgically implanted in his arm, enabling him to operate doors and lights automatically and be greeted with a "Hello" from the building's computer.
Operation
Although other academics wondered about the value of the demonstration, the 46-year-old professor is planning to have another implant inserted in 2001 which should establish contact between a computer and his nervous system.
And if there are no complications, Kevin Warwick's wife, Irena, 52, will have a similar hour-long operation at Stoke Mandeville hospital, the world-renowned centre for spinal injuries.
Then, for two weeks, the £250,000 implant should enable the couple to transfer their physical feelings to each other - even when they are thousands of kilometres apart.
I want to be a cyborg
Professor Kevin Warwick
They intend to subject themselves to their phobias - Kevin is afraid of heights while Irena is scared of spiders - to find whether they experience each other's fear.
If the physical experiment works, Warwick will try to record the signals relating to emotions and play them back, raising the possibility of reliving sexual arousal or feeling tipsy.
But, bearing in mind that Stoke Mandeville Hospital is footing the bill for the surgery, there are other, perhaps more worthy, implications.
Collaboration
Professor Warwick's department has previously collaborated with the hospital on helping people overcome disabilities through technical aids; and it is hoped the experiment could eventually enable amputees to feel limb sensations again, or allow blind people to navigate around objects with ultrasonic radar, much as bats do.
Some of Warwick's previous experiments have encountered problems, though. A robot arm was unable to hold a teacup, while a robot called Roger attempted to follow the sun rather than a transmitter, and retired hurt from a half-marathon after crashing into a kerb.
But Warwick maintains that his work is necessary to tackle problems that threaten the viability of the human race.
He asserts that before the century is out, intelligent machines will effectively take over from humans: "Just as we treat creatures less intelligent than ourselves now, so we'll see machines treating us, perhaps having humans in farms, humans in zoos and if we're lucky, human pets."
Youthful academic
And Kevin Warwick contends that a possible way for humans to escape this grim future is to evolve as cyborgs.
In future...humans may be in zoos
Professor Kevin Warwick
Professor Warwick left school at 16 and spent six years with British Telecom before embarking on an academic career in which he acquired a doctorate from Imperial College, London, and held posts at Oxford, Newcastle and Warwick universities before being offered the Chair at Reading at the age of 32.
He has made no attempt to discard his Coventry accent or his working-class origins and even some of his critics acknowledge he is charming and accommodating.
But that has done little to dispel the anger over his Royal Institution honour among Artificial Intelligence experts. Dr Inman Harvey of Sussex University, called Professor Warwick a "buffoon".
Controversy
And another expert at Sussex, Blay Whitby, is anxious to stress that Warwick's views are "highly untypical". "Most people in the field feel he's providing false expectations and false fears," he says.
"The majority believe robots are nowhere near ruling a filing cabinet, let alone the world.
"I can understand why a professor should be seeking publicity to get funds, but we'd do better to worry about bacteria, which evolution has selected to attack us, or daisies, which are programmed to take over the world."
Professor Susan Greenfield, the director of the Royal Institution, has expressed her "whole-hearted support" for Kevin Warwick, but outside the academic cloisters of the scientific world, even the most assertive have confessed themselves unqualified to judge.
On BBC Radio Four's Start the Week programme, the Rottweiler interrogator, Jeremy Paxman, told Warwick: "You're either a visionary genius, or a publicity-crazed lunatic; I'm not sure which."
A Democratic woman running for Maryland governor has proposed a new state agency focused on stopping sexual harassment and violence, including by identifying repeat offenders, auditing state offices, and requiring individuals who seek public office, employment or funding to disclose whether they have committed such acts.
Krishanti Vignarajah outlined her plan Monday, after weeks of national headlines about alleged workplace harassment by government officials and leading figures in entertainment and the news media.
She said too many women, including herself, have experienced sexual assault, unwelcome sexual advances or harassment.
"The fact that there has been such a groundswell of personal anecdotes highlights the pervasiveness of this problem," said Vignarajah, one of two women in a crowded field of Democrats seeking to challenge Gov. Larry Hogan (R) in 2018. "We need to start talking about solutions of this scale."
Vignarajah, a graduate of Yale University and Yale Law School, previously worked as a policy aide for former first lady Michelle Obama, for the State Department, at a New York-based consulting firm and at Georgetown University. She said she has experienced sexual harassment in academia and in the workplace, but she declined to provide further details about the incidents.
"I've hesitated to add my name to the list of survivors, in part out of fear of being defined by it and out of respect for survivors who have suffered far worse," she said. "All I'll say for now is me too, because what I want to do now is focus on what we can do about it."
Vignarajah said the state office she is proposing would be in charge of setting up a hotline through which victims could anonymously report sexual assault or harassment and get information about support services. The office would be tasked with enhancing coordination between governments at all levels to address allegations of harassment.
Additionally, the state would ask companies to post information about employee rights in the workplace, offer to audit them, and reward those that work to eliminate sexual violence and misconduct, including with gold-standard certification and preference in government procurement.
Vignarajah also promised funding to help eliminate the state's backlog of untested rape kits, which help identify unknown assailants and enter their DNA information into a national database.
[]
She did not provide an estimate for the cost of implementing the program but said the office would largely use existing state resources and charge a fee to companies that want certification or audits. Failing to adequately address sexual violence and harassment entails high costs, she added, including medical expenses and people missing work or losing their jobs.
Vignarajah credited Maryland with having many progressive­ ­sexual-assault laws on the books but said the state needs to strengthen its enforcement.
The other Democratic contenders for Maryland governor are Prince George's County Executive Rushern L. Baker III, former NAACP president Ben Jealous, Baltimore County Executive Kevin Kamenetz, state Sen. Richard S. Madaleno Jr. (Montgomery), policy consultant Maya Rockeymoore Cummings, tech entrepreneur Alec Ross and lawyer Jim Shea.
Jealous applauded Vignarajah for "putting out a very thoughtful proposal" with "many good ideas" that he would build upon if elected governor, adding that he supports creating an office dedicated to combating sexual assault and harassment.
Shea also voiced support for Vignarajah's plan and called on Hogan to direct the state Office of Crime Control and Prevention to "find ways to fight sexual harassment."
The other candidates and Hogan's campaign either did not respond or declined to comment specifically on Vignarajah's proposal.
Vignarajah, who grew up outside Baltimore after immigrating with her family from Sri Lanka, announced her gubernatorial campaign in August. She was immediately confronted with questions about her eligibility to run, because she is registered to vote in both Maryland and the District and voted in Maryland only in 2016. She recently filed a lawsuit asking a state court to decide whether she meets the state's requirement that gubernatorial candidates be both a Maryland resident and a registered voter for the five years immediately preceding the election.
Vignarajah declined to address questions about her eligibility for office Monday.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Over the weekend, Politico ran a story reminding us that Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wisc.)—you know, the serious, adult, courageous, wonky, Republican hero of Medicare-privatizing, Medicaid cost-shifting fame—is still around, and has opinions:
Ryan said he is committed to taking on the president's “class warfare” rhetoric—dark passions he thinks President Barack Obama is trying to gin up among voters as he bids for a second term as commander in chief. “The rhetoric is what I think is really dangerous because the class warfare rhetoric, it speaks to bad emotions within people,” Ryan said in an interview. “It speaks to dark emotions—anger, envy, fear—those are powerful emotions, and I suppose they can be manipulated to good political ends, but it's reckless, in my opinion, and it divides people.”
It's true that Obama seems prepared to make 2012 about protecting working class Americans and making the rich poney up some extra tax dollars. But the president's rhetoric, infused with urgent calls to close the yawning inequality gap through a more equitable tax structure, hasn't masked that fact. Of course Obama is playing politics by placing a tax hike on the rich at the center of his legislative and electoral strategy. Raising taxes on the rich is popular. At least Obama hasn't been afraid to call his plan what it is.
Meanwhile, Ryan continues to talk as if his undeserved enlightened reformer-halo puts him above the political fray. But screwing over poor people could be called “class warfare,” too. Ryan's budget plan featured $771 billion in cuts to Medicaid spending and slashed $750 billion from a host of other programs serving low-income Americans. Overall, those reductions comprised almost two-thirds of the $4.5 trillion in cuts his plan would have enacted over the next ten years, according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities.
If Ryan is going to be stepping back into the spotlight through interviews like the one he gave Politico, he should be ready to explain how his vision of America is any less political, reckless, and divisive than Obama's.
The London Underground is brilliant! OK, so it's a little expensive, weekend engineering works are infuriating and I'm definitely biased. But trust me, it really is brilliant. This complete guide to the London Underground will help you overcome some of the trickier elements of travelling on the tube.
It is, a complex world of unspoken rules, and if you break them, you know about it. If it is your first visit to London, or you've been a few times and you want to feel like a local when using Transport for London, here is my ultimate guide to etiquette on “The Tube”.
Complete Guide to the London Underground
Speed
The first, and most important thing you need to know is: The Tube is fast. Not the trains necessarily, but everything else.
Double your normal walking speed or face a build-up of quietly tutting, furiously polite people behind you.
The trick is to be prepared. Check the map to see which line you need next, whilst sitting on the previous train. Also, be sure to have your ticket or card ready at the machines. You need it to enter AND exit. You will be very unpopular if you reach the barrier and then start looking for it.
The Tube Map
One of the modern world's design classics as originated by Harry Beck in 1931. There have obviously been additions, edits etc but it remains true to the original design idea. It is a schematic version of the tube which means it's not geographically accurate (zone one is hugely zoomed in so that you can find your way around). Each line has a different colour and a different name.
As you can see above, the tube map is marked into zones (the white and grey areas). If you are visiting London, you will probably be located in zone one for the majority of your trip. The more zones you cross, the more you pay. If you are using the outer zones, you'll save lots by NOT entering zone one.
Once you have decided on the line you need, you can consult one of the boards below to work our which direction you need. These are separated into Eastbound, Westbound, Northbound and Southbound. At some busy stations, these are located at the bottom of very busy stairs, so it may be a good plan to work this out ahead of time using your handy little map.
The Oyster Card is a contactless plastic card, the same size as a credit card. These can be used on the tube, the bus, trams and river services. You can buy one at any underground station, for a refundable £5 deposit, and top it up at the machines. At London Heathrow Airport, London Gatwick Airport and major London rail terminals like Victoria and Paddington you will find visitor centres, they can help you decide how much you will need. If you are planning on doing a lot of travel, you may consider a travel card, however, the card will cap your daily travel at the same rate so if you aren't sure, hit top is with a cash value for the best value. It will save you a considerable amount of money when compared with buying paper tickets.
You can top up at tube stations and corner shops but not at bus stops. Sell it back to TFL on your departure.
OR
If you have a contactless card, either from the UK, or that doesn't charge you to use it in the UK, you can use it in exactly the same way. You can touch in and out, use it on the buses and it will cost the same and cap your daily fares. It means you'll never have to top up or worry about not having enough money on your Oyster.
Escalator Etiquette
Stand on the right!
I repeat, stand on the right!
The left-hand side on the escalator is for those who want to walk, and commuters will send rays of hate at you until you move. If you have a large bag, tuck it to the right and stand one step in front or behind it. It just wouldn't be a complete guide to the London Underground with reiterating this.
Don't stop at the top or bottom to sort yourself out. Walk until you are in a free space and then do it. (This isn't exclusively for the tube, it's just good health and safety practice).
On the Platform
Don't stop at the point you emerge onto the platform. The platforms are pretty long; there's usually six carriages on the trains. This means you can move along and find a spot that is quieter. This allows more people to enter the platform and it is much safer. Remember to stay behind the yellow line.
If you have just disembarked and you are near the platform entrance, step to the side as quickly as possible. Londoners HATE to miss trains (what!? THREE minutes until the next train, you must be joking!) and so you may be bowled over by dashing commuters while the train doors are still open.
Tube Mice
In the spirit of creating a complete guide to the London Underground, here is dirty little secret. We have mice; little grey ones. They are terrified of you, so don't panic. You won't find them scurrying across your shoes and into your bag, the closest one has ventured, in my experience, is about a metre away, and that took ten minutes. In a feat of evolution, they are the same grey colour as the tracks. Darwin was on to something.
Seats
All seats are free game, apart from the priority seats which are meant to be vacated for elderly, disabled and pregnant people, or anyone who clearly needs to sit.
Don't bump shoes with the people opposite you, and don't take up a seat by putting your bag on it, or suitcase in front of it. This results in principled people demanding that you move it, so they can take a seat. By that point, it may be too late to effectively set yourself up again and you'll have a very uncomfortable ride.
Each tube line has its own design of seat cover and some of them are quite nice and very famous. If you go to TFL's London Transport Museum (seriously worth a visit) you can get all kinds of Bits and bobs with these designs on. Take a look at their website here.
Standing
The only rules here, move down inside the carriage to allow people to board easily. Don't lean against the poles, this prevents other people from being able to hold on to them. I have been guilty of shoving my hand between someone's back and the pole and digging my knuckles in until they noticed that there were eight other people that needed to anchor themselves with it.
Rush Hour
This is a special and horrendous time that I try to avoid at all costs. From 07:00 – 09:00 and 17:00 – 18:30 the tube is a different beast. No longer the mild-mannered passengers and the seats up for grabs. Instead, you will be shouted at, jostled and crammed in. The trains can be so packed that you have to let a few go past, especially if you are based in zone one. These trench-coated commuters are very unforgiving of slow walkers and all the other things mentioned above. When it's really busy, you may not be able to reach and pole to hold, but at this time, you can just wedge yourself in and lean on the people around you.
Everyone says that you can't make eye contact on the Underground, and that simply isn't true. You can if something particularly noteworthy has happened. If there is someone on the carriage who is one sandwich short of a picnic, if the driver makes a joke over the speakers, or if you are delayed for a really long time. Other than that, keep your beautiful blues to yourself. It's not that we don't like you, it's just that we don't want to make small talk all the way until our stop. And heaven forbid that that's your stop too! It's just not worth the risk and so we keep our heads in our books, our phones and our newspapers.
Other Top Tips:
Standing in between the seats, rather than near the doors means you're closer when a seat vacates and you stand a better chance of snapping it up.
Pick up a small tube map at every station on the network or there are plenty of apps.
Speaking of apps, download the Tube Exits app. This tells you where to stand in the train to ensure you can walk straight off the train and through the exit.
There is no phone signal underground, but you can get Wi-Fi on the platforms for free if you are a customer of EE, Vodaphone, O2, Three or Virgin Media. If not, you can buy daily or weekly passes.
Keep your music in your headphones (and not too loud).
Avoid eating hot food on the tube, your fellow passengers don't want a nose full of your sausage roll.
Most tube lines have little no air conditioning so if you are travelling during one of our very rare heatwaves, keep some water with you. You might not need it but there may be someone else who does.
Keep your eyes peeled for closed or “ghost” stations. Between Kings Cross and Caledonian Road on the Piccadilly Line, you will pass through York Road. The sound changes and if you stick your nose to the window, you can just about see this little time sharp.
As a rule, you are not allowed to walk through the trains on most lines. However, the new trains on the Circle, District, Metropolitan and Hammersmith & City lines have been built so that you can now walk through the entire train, giving you a better chance of finding a seat.
Not Using The Underground
Sometimes the Underground is not your best option. London is a great city to walk around and the tube can be a bit of a money drain. If you pay a full cash fare between Covent Garden and Leicester Square, it'll not only take twice as long, but cost you more per metre of track than a trip on the Orient Express!!!
Want to see a handy walking map? It will tell you how long it takes to walk between tube stations. Walking between Aldgate and Aldgate East takes about 4 minutes, to take the tube could be about 15!
This map has been produced by TfL and is available here.
There is also a regular and wide-ranging bus service. The buses don't take cash at all and so you really will need an Oyster card or contactless bank card for these. Buses are a cheap way to see the city and they've introduced a “Hopper fare” which means you can get as many buses or trams as you can within an hour without paying a second time.
For timetables, fares etc check the TfL website here
Then there are trams, river services, the Overground and even a cable car but that's all another story…
Rosie xx
We live in the age of technological developments and every day observe some new discoveries improving our lives. Even when it seems there's nothing else we can invent to make our reality more comfortable, we realize that there are so many more problems for us to solve. Writing an academic paper being one of them, of course. We still don't have a robot that would cope with all of the writing assignments instead of poor exhausted students and they have to do everything on their own.
Although there's no way to escape from these assignments, every student can use various digital tools to make the process of writing a paper less painful and more productive. And as no one wants to spend a lot of time on searching for effective and user-friendly tools, this article will tell you all about them. Just choose the ones you need and write your papers faster and better.
Brainstorming
The process of writing any paper usually starts with brainstorming. You need to come up with an overall idea of your paper and decide the points you're going to discuss in it.
MindNode
With this tool, you can easily structure your thoughts by organizing them in a pretty mind map. Add images and cross-connect them with each other to get the most productive results.
Docear
A free resource that can help you not only with mind mapping, but also with the organization of your literature, reference management, and discovering new sources to use in your paper.
Coggle
A great tool to create colorful and comprehensive mind maps. You can share your masterpiece with your friends and ask their advice (especially convenient when doing a group project).
Surviving Through Research
Gathering the necessary information can turn into a real nightmare. Most of the students often make the same mistake of dedicating too much time for research leaving not enough of it for actually writing their papers. You'll be able to avoid this experience by using some of these online tools.
Mendeley
Search through the endless number of articles to find the information you need with the help of this resource. You'll get to read the most popular articles as rated by you academic peers and speed up the process of research. You can also create your own library, cite as you write, and share your work with others.
ArXiv
This tool will be extremely helpful for those who are engaged in writing scientific papers on math, physics, etc. Here you'll find the latest research reports that haven't yet been published. Use ArXiv for searching for some new ideas and innovative approaches.
Questia
You can find more than 83, 000 academic books and 10 million articles here. These sources are approved by professors so you can stop worrying about finding a reputable book or report for supporting your ideas. There are also some helpful tutorials and guidelines for you to use if you don't know how to start or proceed with your paper. You can use a topic idea generator if you can't come up with a relevant topic yourself.
Citavi
It's a great helper when you need to organize your information, manage your references, and plan the process of writing. It has an integrated PDF annotation so that you can highlight and save the selected information in one place.
Diigo
An incredibly useful tool for conducting an online research (and let's be honest, we all prefer it to sitting in the libraries). It has multiple tools for bookmarking and annotating saved pages. You can also use sticky notes to save your comments and reminders directly on any web page. You'll see them every time you visit that page.
Citing and Referencing
Spending your time on the dull and time-consuming process of making references and formatting them according to the required format style is not an option for a successful student who knows the real value of every minute. You're more than welcome to use these resources instead.
Zotero
A great tool to analyze and organize your citations. It's now available for Windows, Mac, and Linux users and has browser extensions for Safari and Chrome.
EasyBib
With this tool, you can accurately cite all kinds of sources. It has numerous guides in case you need some additional information and very easy to use.
CiteUlike
Store the references you find online and get relevant article recommendations.
After you've finished writing your masterpiece, make sure to make a copy of it, preferably in PDF. It's a great format that allows you to track the changes in the document and makes it easier for a reader to grasp the information. Good luck with writing your excellent papers!
Wk Opp. Date Location
1. Sept. 2 Pullman, WA
Can the Cougars break the FCS jinx after dropping openers to Portland State and Eastern Washington the past two seasons? Montana State may be the antidote the Cougars need for those struggles. The Bobcats won just four games a year ago and is 0-8 all-time against Washington State. Progress for them this season may hinge on Chris Murray's development as a passing threat. The Montana State quarterback is a strong runner, but he lacked consistency through the air at times last season.
2. Sept. 9 Pullman, WA
The Broncos could take a small step back this season due to inexperience. Boise State must replace several starters on both sides of the ball – including standout running back Jeremy McNichols. Brett Rypien will keep the offense humming. Rypien has thrown for more than 3,000 yards in each of his two seasons as the Broncos' starting quarterback and he is a solid decision- maker. If new pieces fall into place in the backfield, on the offensive line and at linebacker, Boise State could prove difficult for Washington State to handle again.
3. Sept. 16 Pullman, WA
Progress is being made in Corvallis. The Beavers took the Cougars to the wire in a 35-31 loss a year ago and could take another step forward this season if they can conquer the injury bug. Oregon State will need to figure out its starting quarterback sooner rather than later. Junior college transfer Jake Luton is locked into a three-way battle with holdovers Marcus McMaryion and Darell Garretson for the top spot. Luton has tons of potential after throwing for a school-record 3,551 yards and 40 touchdowns at Ventura (Calif.) College last season.
4. Sept. 23 Pullman, WA
New head coach Jay Norvell is installing a new offensive and defensive scheme for the Wolf Pack. Nevada will feature the passing game more prominently and switch to a 3-3-5 alignment on the other side of the ball. Alabama transfer David Cornwell and returning starter Ty Gangi will duel at quarterback. Gangi won the starting job late last season and threw for for 1,301 yards and eight touchdowns. Senior running back James Butler could be a valuable anchor as the team settles into a new offense.
5. Sept. 29 Pullman, WA
The Trojans will offer Washington State a tremendous early challenge. USC transformed overnight after Sam Darnold took over as the starting quarterback. The Trojans ripped off nine straight wins to close out the 2016 season. Darnold played a big role in it. He threw for 3,086 yards and 31 touchdowns while completing 67.2 percent of his passes as a true freshman. Ronald Jones II offers another key weapon on offense after putting together a 1,000-yard rushing season last fall. USC's defense should be equally dynamic since top tacklers Cameron Smith and Porter Gustin are both back.
6. Oct. 7 Eugene, OR
A 51-33 victory over the Ducks kicked off a 7-0 start in Pac-12 play for the Cougars last season. Oregon is vulnerable to lose again in Willie Taggart's debut season unless it significantly improves a defense that allowed 518.4 yards and 41.4 points per game a year ago – which ranked 11th in the league in both categories. The offense should be in good shape if quarterback Justin Herbert can build on a strong freshman season. Herbert threw for 1,936 yards and 19 touchdowns in nine games while completing 63.5 percent of his passes.
7. Oct. 13 Berkeley, CA
Defense will be a bigger priority for the Golden Bears under new head coach Justin Wilcox. California's offense could not do enough to offset a porous defense last season. The Bears ranked dead last in the Pac-12 in both scoring (42.6 ppg) and rushing defense (272.83 ypg). Offensively, California must find a way to replace Davis Webb at quarterback. Webb threw for 4,295 yards and 37 touchdowns in his lone season in the Bay area.
8. Oct. 21 Pullman, WA
The Buffaloes ended Washington State's eight-game winning streak last season en route to sealing up their first ever Pac-12 South title. Colorado will present many of the same challenges in the rematch. The Buffaloes will need to fill some holes on the defensive line and in the secondary. They should be as tough as ever offensively with Steven Montez and Phillip Lindsay leading the way. Montez proved himself to be a capable quarterback while filling in for injured starter Sefo Liufau last season. Lindsay broke out in the backfield, churning out 1,252 yards and 16 touchdowns on 5.1 yards per carry.
9. Oct. 28 Tucson, AZ
The Wildcats suffered their worst loss since 1949 last November, as Washington State drubbed them 69-7 in Pullman behind a combined 474 yards and six touchdowns from Falk and backup QB Tyler Hilinski. Matching up better with the Cougars will hinge on improved health at key offensive positions. When he is at full strength, Brandon Dawkins is a potent dual-threat quarterback. Nick Wilson and J.J. Taylor are explosive runners in the backfield. Wilson and Taylor averaged 5.8 yards and 6.9 yards per carry respectively in injury-shortened campaigns last season.
10. Nov. 4 Pullman, WA
Opposing teams dread facing the combination of punishing defense and bruising offense that the Cardinal showcase each season. Stanford promises to take a step forward offensively after some struggles last season – which included a 42-16 loss to the Cougars. Bryce Love is a capable backfield replacement for Christian McCaffrey. Love ran for 783 yards and averaged 7.1 yards per carry a year ago. Stanford also returns four starters along the offensive line.
11. Nov. 11 Salt Lake City, UT
The Utes can be counted on to feature a relentless defense every season. Utah's offense may finally catch up under new offensive coordinator Troy Taylor. If Troy Williams can become more consistent at quarterback, he has the tools to be an elite passer. Williams threw for 2,757 yards and 15 touchdowns a season ago, while completing 53 percent of his passes. The Utes will need to fill holes in the secondary, along the line and in the backfield. Zack Moss and Armand Shyne split time at running back last season before Joe Williams returned from a four-game retirement. Both figure to be the frontrunners to replace Williams in 2017.
13. Nov. 25 Seattle, WA
Teaching unions have welcomed the government's decision to ditch plans to force all state schools in England to become academies.
They said the move was recognition that "one size" did not fit all schools.
Ministers said the government had listened to critics but the goal to turn schools into academies remained.
Schools judged by Ofsted to be good or outstanding will now not have to become academies, nor will small rural schools have to join a multi-academy trust.
The forced academisation proposals had been opposed by some Conservative MPs and councillors, as well as by unions and others.
The government argues that academies drive up standards by giving more power to head teachers and allowing them to be more innovative.
Critics have contended that academisation amounts to privatising the education system and say it is simplistic to say academies raise standards.
Cabinet minister Michael Fallon told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "We have now decided, having listened to parents and governors and our backbenchers that there is a better route to it, which is not forcing every school immediately to become an academy."
He said academisation would now focus only on schools that were "clearly failing".
Asked whether ministers had tried to "bury" the announcement on a busy day for news, Mr Fallon said it would not have been "legally" possible to issue it in the preceding days because of the "purdah" restrictions on the activities of civil servants in election periods.
Image caption A study shows weaker schools are the most likely to benefit from academy status
Paul Luxmoore, executive head teacher of the Coastal Academies Trust in Kent, told Today he was "dismayed" at the policy reversal.
"We've reached the tipping point, where local authorities - who have been delivering school improvements to schools until now - no longer have the capacity, or the money to do that effectively. Hence the government policy to make all schools academies over the next four years was entirely predictable and entirely sensible," he said.
"I think they've lost their courage to go ahead with it because of all sorts of other political reasons [that have] very little to do with education."
Andy Miller, head teacher at St Nicholas Church of England Primary School in Blackpool, said the forced academisation plan had been a mistake.
"I would argue that head teachers, their governing bodies and their parent community actually know what's best for individual schools - rather than somebody in Westminster saying this is good for all of you," he said.
'Not rocket science'
National Association of Head Teachers president Kim Johnson said his organisation wanted ministers to understand "that actually there isn't a case of one size fits all" for schools.
"We're the intelligent practitioners and we want that opportunity, at the table with government, to further those discussions."
Tory backbencher Graham Brady, who welcomed the abandonment of the plans, said that "the more that we can have these debates and discussions before legislation is brought forward, the better".
Alasdair Smith, from campaign group Anti Academies Alliance, said: "We've known for more than 30 years exactly what improves schools, and it's not rocket science, it's high quality teaching and learning and good leadership.
"The government has not been pursuing that agenda, they've been pursuing structural change, and they've ignored high quality teaching, and high quality leadership, and that's why the policy is now in tatters."
Image caption Union leader Kim Johnson says there cannot be a "one-size-fits-all" plan for schools
Academies are independently run - but state-funded - schools, overseen by a not-for-profit business, known as an academy trust. They are often part of a chain.
Shadow education secretary Lucy Powell said scrapping the plans was "frankly a humiliating climbdown for David Cameron and his education secretary".
However, the government said it would push forward with compelling academy conversions in two areas:
Where it is clear that the local authority can no longer viably support its remaining schools because too many schools have already become academies
Where the local education authority consistently fails to meet a minimum performance threshold across its schools
The government also announced measures to protect small rural schools including extra financial support and a requirement that any closure would have to be agreed by the local authority and the regional schools commissioner.
Two more stories Brian Williams has told over the years have recently come into focus: claims he's made of traveling with SEAL Team 6 and being at the Brandenburg Gate on the night the Berlin Wall was brought down.
After the killing of Osama bin Laden in 2011, Williams recounted flying into Baghdad as the Iraq war broke out with the elite navy unit.
Also Read: Inside Brian Williams Camp: Anchor Mulls Redemption, Apology Tour (Exclusive)
“Now, people might be hearing about SEAL Team 6,” Williams said May 3, 2011 on “The Nightly News” directly after bin Laden's death. “I happen to have had the great honor of flying into Baghdad with them at the start of the war.”
The Huffington Post cited several occasions on which Williams has recounted flying with SEAL Team 6, both on his broadcast and on “The Late Show With David Letterman.”
Also Read: Brian Williams Made ‘Incredibly Serious Mistakes,' Says CNN's Jeff Zucker
“I flew into Baghdad, invasion plus three days, on a blackout mission at night with elements of SEAL Team 6, and I was told not to make any eye contact with them or initiate any conversation,” Williams said on Letterman in 2012. But Williams' timing of events is muddy, as three days after the invasion was March 22, 2003; he broadcasted from Baghdad airport on April 9, 2003.
In another 2012 Letterman appearance, Williams shared a story in which he told a commando how much he admired his knife. “Darned if that knife didn't show up at my office a couple weeks later,” Williams said. The suspended anchor had told stories of receiving other memorabilia from SEAL Team Six — including a piece of fuselage from the blown-up Black Hawk that was among the helicopters used in the bin Laden mission.
Also Read: Brian Williams' Name Scrubbed From ‘Nightly News' Following Suspension
CNN reported it's all but impossible that Williams traveled with SEAL Team Six, because the elite unit doesn't embed journalists. And the mailing of memorabilia by members of the unit “doesn't pass any sniff test,” according to CNN analyst Peter Bergen, who spoke to sources in the SEAL community.
Another story raising red flags dates back to 1989, during the fall of the Berlin Wall.
“I've been so fortunate,” Williams said during a 2008 forum at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library. “I was at the Brandenburg Gate the night the wall came down.”
CBS notes there are reports surfacing that Williams arrived the day after, noting his “Nightly News” predecessor Tom Brokaw was the only journalist there to report live from the scene.
NBC News declined to comment to TheWrap regarding the new questions surrounding Williams' past accounts.
FX's “Archer” and Comedy Central's “@Midnight” are among the juried Emmy winners for Outstanding Creative Achievement in Interactive Media, with three categories announced last night at the Interactive Media Peer Group (IMPG) Nominee Reception and Celebration of Excellence. The juried awards will be presented during this year's first Creative Arts Emmy Awards ceremony, taking place Saturday, Sept. 10 at Downtown Los Angeles' Microsoft Theater.
This year's juried winners for Outstanding Creative Achievement in Interactive Media include:
Multiplatform Storytelling
Archer Scavenger Hunt • FX Networks • FX Productions
Tim Farrell, Transmedia Lead
Mark Paterson, Transmedia Director
Bryan Fordney, Technical Director
Original Interactive Program
Henry • Oculus Platform • Oculus Story Studio
Oculus Story Studio
Social TV Experience
@midnight with Chris Hardwick • Comedy Central • Comedy Central, Funny or Die, Nerdist Industries, Serious Business, Aloha Productions, Garant Lennon Productions, Brillstein Entertainment Partners
Chris Hardwick, Executive Producer/Host
Jack Martin, Executive Producer
Joe Farrell, Executive Producer
Christopher D'Elia, Producer
Serious Business
Related Anthony Bourdain Wins Six Posthumous Emmys Heidi Klum, Tim Gunn on Leaving 'Project Runway,' Starting New Show on Amazon
Juried categories require all entrants to be screened by a panel of professionals in the peer group, with the possibility of one, more than one, or no entry being awarded an Emmy. As a consequence, there are no nominees, but instead a one-step evaluation and voting procedure. Deliberations include an open discussion of each entrant's work, with a thorough review of the merits of awarding the Emmy. At the conclusion of each deliberation, the jury considers the question, “Is this entry worthy of an Emmy Award – yea or nay?” Only those with unanimous approval win.
The IMPG also announced its first Lucy Hood Digerati Award recipient: Rob Hayes. The Digerati Award was created in 2012 by the IMPG to honor individuals who have made an extraordinary contribution to the interactive and digital media communities and to the peer group itself. In 2014 the award was renamed the Lucy Hood Digerati Award, in memory of late Television Academy President Lucy Hood, a trailblazer in the intersection of television and digital.
Hayes is the EVP of Digital at NBC Entertainment, overseeing the operations and P&L for the company's digital initiatives, including broadband, mobile and VOD. Responsibilities include overall day-to-day management of NBC network's digital business development and strategy, product, technology, production, editorial, multi-platform content creation, digital marketing, social, and creative. Hayes oversees the network's management on third parties including YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Google and Instagram among others. This is Hayes' second Emmy — he also won for Outstanding Achievement in Engineering Development for Showtime Sports Interactive, and under his leadership, NBC's “Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” won in 2014 for Outstanding Interactive Program.
The 2016 Creative Arts Emmy Awards will be executive produced by Bob Bain over two nights; and an edited version will be broadcast Saturday, September 17, at 8 p.m. ET/PT and 10:30 p.m. ET/PT on FXX.
Almost all transformative new technologies of the past few decades — nuclear energy, advanced jet aircraft, integrated circuits, computer networks — rose the same way. They were developed in the United States and seeded by the federal government, typically through defense spending.
This “weaponize to monetize” model served the U.S. well. In addition to enabling the world's most powerful, technologically advanced military, it funded basic research in universities and applied research in corporations, making technology a substantial component of America's exports. In 1989, the first year for which there are data, high tech — meaning products that require intense research and development — made up a third of U.S. exports, worth $77 billion. The U.S. was the global leader, and it retained its lead through the boom, bust and boom-again years of the Internet.
Then something changed.
The next major technology revolution after the Internet itself has been the “Internet of Things,” a ubiquitous ad hoc open network of sensors for information systems, which I helped to conceptualize and develop (and name) in the late 1990s. Like the Internet or the integrated circuit, the Internet of Things is really a fundamental infrastructure that enables new technologies and applications, and, like them, it will transform every part of the global economy.
Early Internet of Things development more or less followed the standard U.S. model. My colleagues and I, for example, did most of our work at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology with funding from the Department of Defense, as well as forward-thinking U.S. corporations like Wal-Mart, Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola.
But as other governments began competing aggressively in the Internet of Things economy, America loosened its grip. This was partly because of two wars, which focused the Pentagon on immediate combat needs, and a recession, which reduced government spending. But there was a bigger problem lurking behind those emergencies — one that remains today, long after the wars and recession have ended: The U.S. government doesn't invest in basic science and visionary technology anymore. Or, to be more precise, it does not invest like it used to.
Last year, federal investment in research and development sank to 0.69 percent of GDP — a level not seen since 1958. That year, not coincidentally, was the year President Dwight Eisenhower authorized the creation of the Advanced Research Projects Agency to, as The New York Times described it at the time, “explore and develop any novel idea, regardless of whether it seems practical at the beginning.” (It's now called DARPA, for Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.) In 1959, because of ARPA and similar initiatives, the U.S. government's R&D spending doubled to more than 1 percent of GDP. In 1962, the Apollo space program followed. At Apollo's peak, the U.S. government was investing more than 2 percent of GDP on R&D — over three times today's amount.
ARPA and Apollo were visionary government programs. There are visionary government programs for the Internet of Things, too, but they are almost everywhere but the United States — in China, the European Union, Korea, India and Singapore, for example. Over the past 10 years, heads of government from all over the world have shared their visions for the Internet of Things. China's sixth premier, Wen Jiabao, called it the “Wisdom of the Earth”; India's Narendra Modi declared it the path to “zero defect, zero effect” manufacturing; and Britain's David Cameron described it as “a huge transformative development … the brink of a new industrial revolution.” As far as I know, neither George W. Bush nor Barack Obama, the U.S. presidents in power during this period, have ever mentioned it.
And, while they were not mentioning it, some key indicators began swinging away from the U.S. In 2005, China's high-tech exports exceeded America's for the first time. In 2009, just after Wen Jiabao spoke about the Internet of Things, Germany's high-tech exports exceeded America's as well. Today, Germany produces five times more high tech per capita than the United States. Singapore and Korea's high-tech exporters are also far more productive than America's and, according to the most recent data, are close to pushing the U.S. down to fifth place in the world's high-tech economy. And, as the most recent data are for 2013, that may have happened already.
This decline will surprise many Americans, including many American policymakers and pundits, who assume U.S. leadership simply transfers from one tech revolution to the next. After all, that next revolution, the Internet of Things, was born in America, so perhaps it seems natural that America will lead. Many U.S. commentators spin a myth that America is No. 1 in high tech, then extend it to claims that Europe is lagging because of excessive government regulation, and hints that Asians are not innovators and entrepreneurs, but mere imitators with cheap labor. This is jingoistic nonsense that could not be more wrong. Not only does Germany, a leader of the European Union, lead the U.S. in high tech, but EU member states fund CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, which invented the World Wide Web and built the Large Hadron Collider, likely to be a source of several centuries of high-tech innovation. (U.S. government intervention killed America's equivalent particle physics program, the Superconducting Super Collider, in 1993 — an early symptom of declining federal investment in basic research.)
Asia, the alleged imitator, is anything but. Apple's iPhone, for example, so often held up as the epitome of American innovation, looked a lot like a Korean phone, the LG KE850, which was revealed and released before Apple's product. Most of the technology in the iPhone was invented in, and is exported by, Asian countries.
It's easy to look at global tech giants like Apple, Facebook and Google and assume the U.S. can't be slipping behind when these American corporations are doing so well. That gets their lesson wrong. Apple, Facebook and Google are not examples of pure, unfettered, free-market entrepreneurial success but beneficiaries of government policies past, harvesting the last few fruits of Eisenhower and Kennedy-era investments. Apple, for example, found its first opportunities in the personal computer revolution, built on the integrated circuits that emerged from U.S. defense spending on ballistic missiles. (It was the Apollo space program, where NASA's bulk purchases helped prices fall from thousands of dollars to tens of dollars, that eventually made them cheap enough for mass markets.) The government's investment in ARPA, which built the Internet, enabled the foundation and development of companies like Google and Facebook.
That does not mean private-sector investment does not matter. Far from it. Technology investment moves through stages, like gears in a gearbox. Private money is the higher gears, most appropriate once there is momentum, and when the technology is less risky and more mature. Government money provides the low gears and is essential to get things moving, when inertia and risk are high and the final destination — a profitable mass-market product — is far in the distance. In short, high-tech economies need both public and private money in order to thrive. Public money buys a deep foundation of basic science and technology that private money builds on for decades.
That's why the U.S. high-tech sector did so well in the late 20th century and is faltering now. It's been 25 years since the federal government started reducing its investment in R&D, and we are starting to see the consequences. Even the exceptions prove the rule. Google is one of the few big American companies that is reasonably well positioned for the Internet of Things, and it has achieved its place the old-fashioned way, by reaping returns from government investment. Google's self-driving car technology originated in work done at Stanford for government-organized competitions; it acquired a Japanese robotics company that won a DARPA robotics challenge; and it owns another robotics company, Boston Dynamics, that was spun out of MIT and built mainly on contracts with DARPA and the Naval Air Warfare Center Training Systems Division. Another U.S. Internet of Things leader, Tesla Motors, a pioneer in networked electric cars, benefited from a half-billion-dollar Bush-era loan from the Department of Energy, as well as government rebates to its customers.
But these government investments are piecemeal and only incidentally related to the Internet of Things. The DOD wants autonomous robots and vehicles; the DOE wants electric cars. Neither is thinking much about the underlying Internet of Things vision. And where America sees only patches of opportunity, foreign governments often see the big picture. I have met with many government officials, both foreign and domestic, over the past 10 years, and the foreigners make a starkly different impression. Our foreign rivals are hungry, humble and in a hurry; our national representatives seem complacent and often believe their only role is to publish a report and then stand aside.
PUBLICATION AND ABDICATION is not what America needs from its technology policymakers. That will only accelerate the decline of our high-tech economy. We need the opposite, and we need it urgently: a new federal program that invests specifically and speculatively in advanced, visionary Internet of Things technologies and the universities and companies that develop them. There are great precedents: Apollo is one; ARPA's original effort to build the Internet and DARPA's grand challenges are others. There is also the Strategic Environmental Research and Development Program, or SERDP, one of the surviving bright spots of federal technology policy. Authorized by Congress in 1990 as a joint activity between the DOD, the EPA and the DOE to develop clean energy, SERDP and a related technology transfer program (called ESTCP, for Environmental Technology Certification Program) have helped drive U.S. development and adoption of renewable energy production and energy efficiency technology, even while Congress has been ambivalent about climate change.
The government could create a new program that replicates one of these models — say, an ARPA-IOT, focused on funding advanced Internet of Things research programs, or a NASA-based, Apollo-style program for the Internet of Things. (NASA is about to open a small Internet of Things lab at Johnson Space Center in Houston, so such a program already has a potential home.) Or it could expand an existing program with new money, for example by giving SERDP a more general technology mandate and adding an Internet of Things Technology Certificat ion Program.
The Internet of Things is bringing change to the world and a major choice to America. It will either be the challenge we forfeit, forever yielding technology leadership to China, Germany, South Korea and the others, or it will be the bugle that calls us back to battle and revives the visionary government approach that got us here. The 21st century will be the age of the Internet of Things. It's up to us whether it's also the moment America returns to the forefront of the global high-tech economy.
Kevin Ashton, the co-founder and former executive director of the MIT Auto-ID Center, coined the term “Internet of Things.” His book “How to Fly a Horse: The Secret History of Creation, Invention, and Discovery” was published by Doubleday earlier this year.
US Representative Vicky Hartzler (R-MO) refused to hold a press conference near a photo of unpopular President Barack Obama in the background. So she had it moved.
Of course, the liberal media is going nuts over this.
The Columbia Tribune reported:
U.S. Rep. Vicky Hartzler visited Truman Memorial Veterans Hospital Tuesday and directed an aide to move a flag so a portrait of President Barack Obama would not be in the background of her television interviews.
When Hartzler was finished with her tour, she found it difficult to locate a spot for talking with reporters. She suggested going in front of a large window but the television reporters on hand said that would send streaming light into their cameras. When I suggested standing by an American flag near the entrance, she halted because of another problem – it was immediately to the right of a picture of Obama.
Hartzler is a Cass County Republican who represents the Fourth District, which includes Boone, Howard, Cooper, Randolph and Moniteau counties in Central Missouri. Elected in 2010. She has issued numerous official press releases denouncing Obama, the health care plan Republicans have labeled with his name and his proposals on tax and spending policies to control the federal deficit.
She asked press aide Steve Walsh to move the flag away from Obama's picture and when he was finished, she was ready to speak to reporters.
Friday marks his sixth month in office. The White House had planned a week devoted to products that were Made in America (somewhat ironic given the First Family's penchant for making things abroad), but Senators Mike Lee and Jerry Moran scuttled that Monday evening when they announced that they were not going to vote for Mitch McConnell's health care bill, effectively derailing it. It was yet another bitter reminder that Trump has yet to pass a major piece of legislation, but Moran and Lee didn't seem to care about that at all. The White House apparently didn't even receive a courtesy call.
It's a fitting way to crown Trump's first six months, since the health care bill's sputtering progress has been a reflection of his presidency as a whole. He has barely been engaged in the process, preferring to lead from behind and tweet about the morning shows. He has seemingly learned nothing about the policy details, and instead has tried to turn the fate of health care in America into a purely partisan exercise. It all comes down to loyalty.
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans. Most Republicans were loyal, terrific & worked really hard. We will return! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 18, 2017
Even when there has been success, as when the House passed its version of the bill back in May, Trump has shown that he doesn't understand the politics of either chamber. His bizarre and jubilant Rose Garden press conference following the House vote is perhaps best understood as an attempt at putting political pressure on the Senate to act (it didn't work). And, only a few weeks after that press conference, Trump turned viciously on that bill, which he called “mean.” It's no wonder that Lee and Moran didn't bother reaching out, given the relationship between Congress and the White House.
In health care, we have witnessed Trump's disengagement from the political process; his abandonment of his campaign promises; and his lack of impact in the White House. Above all else, the bill and the president have made each other less popular in a mutually reinforcing pattern. The main takeaway from Trump's first six months in office is that he doesn't know what he's doing and he isn't learning—and that has been best encapsulated by his inept struggle to repeal and replace Obamacare.
AutoGuide.com
The future is looking bright for the Fiat–Chrysler family, especially with the all-new SRT Viper on the horizon.
But that's not all Sergio Marchionne and his Fiat-Chrysler collaboration have in store. With multiple automakers under the brand now, we can expect several new models from Chrysler, Dodge, Fiat, Jeep, Maserati, and SRT in the upcoming years, not to mention the revival of the Alfa Romeo brand in the United States.
Some of the more notable changes incoming for the automakers include the transition of the popular Chrysler Town & Country minivan to a crossover, a six-cylinder Dodge Journey SRT joining the lineup while we'll be saying good bye to the Dodge Durango in 2016 and the Avenger in 2014.
As for the Alfa Romeo lineup, it appears that the 4C Coupe will be in America by 2013, while the Spyder variant will make an appearance a year later. A small crossover model related to the Jeep Patriot will be added in 2014 with a four-cylinder powerplant, while the Giulietta, Giulia, and Giulia Sportwagon will be in the U.S. by 2014. The Alfa Romeo Spider, which features RWD components from Mazda, will come at an unknown future date.
For the Chrysler brand, we can expect to see a 200 model by next year, while the smaller, compact 100 is due in 2016. The 100 is believed to be Dodge Dart-sized and will probably be based on the Giulietta. As for the future, the Town & Country crossover will come in 2015 based on an entirely new platform, while 2017 will see a new 300 model.
The Dodge brand has already revealed the new Dart, but a new Challenger will come in 2014 while the Journey will get an upgrade next year with the SRT6 model. Down the road, the Grand Caravan sees an update in 2015 while the Charger will get a remodel for 2016.
The Italian Fiat brand will bring in the 500L and 500XL next year, with the XL being a seven-seat variant of the 500L. A 500-based crossover called the 500X Fouristrada is scheduled for 2013 along with a 500 Zagato. Also on the schedule for a 2014 launch is a 500 Elettra EV.
The Jeep brand has plenty of updates in the near future, with the new Liberty coming next year, while the Grand Wagoneer (full-size SUV), Jeepster, and Patriot will all make an appearance in 2014. The Jeepster will be an Italian-built subcompact SUV while the Patriot will be U.S.-built and twinned with an Alfa Romeo crossover.
Luxury brand Maserati has its Quattroporte and Maseratina for 2013, while the Kubang will make its market debut in 2014. An update to the GranTurismo and GranCabrio model is expected for 2015 and 2017, respectively.
Last but not least, the SRT brand will not only see the Viper and the Journey SRT6, but a new Grand Cherokee SRT8, Challenger SRT8, and Dart SRT4 model.
[Source: Automobile Mag]
A French man sued his former employer, Interparfums Inc., claiming that the company left him to only perform menial tasks for more than four years which caused him to become depressed. The ex-facilities manager Frederic Desnard, 44, is seeking $170,000 in damages from the company claiming their actions cost him holiday pay, a potential promotion, and led him to have an epileptic seizure while driving. File photo UPI/Shutterstock/Tigger11th
PARIS, May 4 (UPI) -- A French man claims that his former employer caused him to "bore out" of his job and become depressed by stripping him of his responsibilities.
Frederic Desnard, a 44-year-old ex-facilities manager at French perfume company Interparfums Inc., is suing the company for $170,000 in damages after claiming he was "shelved" when the company lost an important contract.
Desnard states that his employer sent him on "a descent into hell" by giving him only menial tasks over the course of four years.
"I was depressed, and ashamed of being paid for doing nothing," he said.
Desnard left the company in 2014 and claims that the "bore out" cost him holiday pay, a potential promotion and that his depression and anxiety led to an epileptic fit while driving.
The attorney for Interparfums Inc. claims "inconsistencies" in Desnard's story saying he "never said anything about being bored during the four-year period."
"And if he actually had nothing to do over these years, why didn't he mention it?" they added.
Gloria Union: Twin Fates In Blue Ocean's Story Starts With A Sunken Kingdom
By Spencer . April 5, 2011 . 3:01am
Yggdra Union: We'll Never Fight Alone, Blaze Union: Story to Reach the Future, and the upcoming PSP game Gloria Union make up Sting's Union series.
Gloria Union: Twin Fates in Blue Ocean begins thousands of years ago when the Kingdom of Euphoria was thriving. The most important element in this kingdom was a person's power of will. As time passed, each person's will merged with others to form crystals. When the Kingdom of Euphoria sank to the ocean these will crystals were lost. Now, pirates roam the oceans seeking these treasured crystals as a way to get rich fast.
Ishuto, a hot-blooded pirate, is the lead character in Gloria Union. Armed with a sword as tall as he is, Ishuto travels with Pinger on the ocean. She's the cool-headed opposite of Ishuto who isn't afraid to tease him from time to time.
Gloria Union is scheduled for release on June 23 in Japan.
On Veterans Day, a handful of Nebraska welding students from the Career Academy of Lincoln Public Schools decided to fly American flags on their vehicles using flag holders they created in class.
But after one of the flags was removed from its pole and placed in an adjacent truck bed, school officials apparently got cold feet.
Fearing disruptions or worse — particularly on the heels of an ultra contentious presidential election that resulted in widespread protests — officials told all students to not fly flags again in the school parking lot.
As you might imagine, the sudden flag ban didn't sit well with many students and other community members who said their constitutional rights were being taken away.
But Lincoln Public Schools Superintendent Steve Joel apologized for the move on Thursday.
“Hindsight would suggest that this could have been handled in a different way,” he said, according to the Lincoln Journal Star. “We respect the rights of students to display their flags. We should not have asked our students to remove them. We believe that decision was in error and we believe this could easily and understandably have been misinterpreted as infringing on rights of freedom of expression and speech.”
So, yes, students can fly flags again.
“Lincoln Public Schools believes in the teaching of the Constitution and all that it represents,” he said, the paper reported. “Patriotism is an important part of the learning experience.”
(H/T: Todd Starnes)
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Nearly 40% of white voters without a college degree switched from Obama to Trump based on campaign promises that are the opposite of the Republican agenda. When these voters catch on to the fact that they were lied to, it will be a disaster for the Republican Party.
Nate Cohn of The New York Times reported, “The exit polls also show all of the signs that Mr. Trump was winning over Obama voters. Perhaps most strikingly, Mr. Trump won 19 percent of white voters without a degree who approved of Mr. Obama's performance, including 8 percent of those who “strongly” approved of Mr. Obama's performance and 10 percent of white working-class voters who wanted to continue Mr. Obama's policies. Mr. Trump won 20 percent of self-identified liberal white working-class voters, according to the exit polls, and 38 percent of those who wanted policies that were more liberal than Mr. Obama's.”
Compare the desire for more liberal policies with what Trump and the Republican Congressional majority will be acting on in January:
1). A repeal of the ACA that will take healthcare away from 30 million Americans.
2). A massive tax cut and deregulation agenda that will benefit the wealthiest Americans and biggest corporations.
3). The eliminating of Obama administration action that expanded overtime pay rules.
4). The privatization of Social Security and Medicare.
What Trump and the Republicans are proposing is a hard right turn.
White working class voters who switched from Obama to Trump were bombarded with wall-to-wall cable news coverage of Trump promising better health care for all, good blue collar jobs, lower taxes, and that he wouldn't touch Social Security and Medicare. A voter who gets their information primarily from television would get the impression that Trump is offering up an appealing fairly liberal agenda targeted to them.
The reality is that Trump and the Republicans are committed to a vastly different agenda once they take power in January 2017.
President-elect Trump, Majority Leader McConnell, and Speaker of the House Ryan are setting the Republican Party up for disaster. The Republicans are trapped between the far right base of their party and a majority of the country that wants more liberal policies. One can see the conflict on the horizon from miles away. Either Trump and the GOP govern from the middle and alienate their base, or they govern from the right and alienate the rest of the country.
The third option is to lie.
Trump and the Republican Congressional leadership are already committed to this path by “repealing” Obamacare but continuing to fund it for years to come. Trump sold white working class voters on promises that he has no intention of delivering on.
The bill will come due for these lies, and when it does, it will be a disaster for the Republican Party.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
The former footballer used a series of tweets ( @StanCollymore ) to describe how he feels on his darkest days, after he was struck down with a severe bout of the illness over the last week, which left him feeling like his soul was "withering".
In a powerful description of the mental illness, he wrote at length about being left feeling that his "body had been drained of any life" – and gave hope and advice to others struggling with depression, urging one fellow sufferer to see his doctor without delay.
The former Nottingham Forest, Liverpool and Aston Villa striker, 40, disclosed that he was suffering the worst bout of depression for many years.
He said he had spent much of the last week lying in a darkened room, with his mind wildly racing, until he was burned out and left exhausted.
The former footballer, now a sports commentator, began tweeting on Friday, when he said that he was "mid way through the mother of bouts of depression" and had not seen daylight for four days.
Mr Collymore said he was opening up about the most painful feelings in a bid to tackle misconceptions about the condition.
He wrote: 'I'm tweeting because the stigma around this illness suggests that us sufferers all of a sudden become useless, maudlin, and unable to function.
"Well, I haven't seen daylight for 4 days now ... but I've done a week of Talksport/Channel 5 prep work, a national newspaper column, all in the eye of one of the most challenging, soul destroying bouts of this cruel illness one could have."
He used a series of tweets to urge those who see no way out of the darkness to seek help, writing: "If you're poorly now, please see your GP, call a friend, and at least reach out to someone who can guide you through.
"If, like me, you've been there many times before, know this..It's bloody dark but the clouds ALWAYS lift, so do everything you can to help yourself through, open up to help, and the fog will lift."
He has been signed off from his presenting job at radio station talkSPORT.
Although some Twitter users responded with abuse and mocking comments, most of those who responded to his tweets offered support, or shared their own experiences of mental health conditions.
In the early hours of Saturday, after another sleepless night, he wrote again, giving a much fuller account.
He wrote: "It's 4:48am in the morning, and I'm wide awake. I decided to tweet my own personal experience of my latest bout of depression yesterday, and firstly wanted to thank the hundreds of messages from friends, journalists, mental health workers, doctors, and sufferers, as well as well wishers.
"It's very humbling to read the stories of fellow sufferers, links to blogs, and general experiences of this awful illness.
"I want to elaborate on what depression is for me, as the illness has so many facets, and varies from bout to bout, that it can be hard to explain to a fellow sufferer, never mind someone fortunate enough to have never been afflicted!
"I keep myself in really good nick, I run 10k every week day, and only not go to the gym or exercise at weekends, when i commentate on football for talkSPORT. The running I find really has helped massively, as I'm sure you guys that suffer who exercise find, the tangible release of calm, and 'being on top of things' powers your internal dynamo, and keeps the black dog from the door."
He explains how 10 days earlier he had grown anxious, and become fearful. After hardly sleeping for three days he was left without energy, and sleeping 18 hours a day.
Mr Collymore writes that by Tuesday he was left "unable to lift my head from the pillow, feeling like my body had been drained of any life, my brain full and foggy, and a body that felt like it was carrying an anvil around."
He continued: "So fit and healthy one day, mind, body and soul withering and dying the next. This to me is the most frightening of experiences, and one fellow sufferers I'm sure will agree is the 'thud' that sets the depression rolling."
"My personal world grows smaller, I detach from friends and family, partly out of self preservation, partly not wanting them to see the man bounding around days ago, now looks visibly older, weaker and pathetic.
'So it's me, pyjamas, bed and increasingly despairing thoughts of how long this one will last, a tired, desperately tired but wildly active mind burns through its own blue touch paper until the paper ends, and there is simply nothing left.
The former footballer says that though he has previously had suicidal thoughts, the current period of depression has not reached that stage, but describes the difficulty of convincing himself the dark clouds will lift.
"If your mind is empty, your brain ceases to function, your body is pinned to the bed, the future is a dark room, with no light, and this is your reality, it takes a massive leap of faith to know that this time next week, life could be running again, smiling, my world big and my brain back as it should be.
So what do some do? They don't take the leap of faith, they address a practical problem with a practical solution to them, and that is taking their own life. And sadly, too many take that route out of this hell."
He urged families and friends of those with mental health problems to give them support, pointing out that he and other people with depression are "not bad, mad, crazy or weak, just ill".
Most of the responses to his Twitter feed were supportive, with several users speaking about their own battles with depression, and describing their admiration for the celebrity for trying to help others when he was struggling.
Mr Collymore held the British transfer record when he moved from Nottingham Forest to Liverpool for £8.5 million in 1995 and played three times at senior level for the England national football team.
Indications of problems with his health emerged during the striker's playing days at Aston Villa.
Before an FA Cup fixture against Fulham in 1999, Collymore went missing, prompting his then manager John Gregory to ask what he was depressed about, when he was earning £20,000-a-week.
The year before, he attacked his then girlfriend, TV star Ulrika Jonsson, in a Paris bar. An argument turned violent and the footballer allegedly dragged her to the floor and aimed kicks at her head. He blamed "jealousy and drink" for the incident.
After leaving Villa Park, his career never really recovered and he retired from premiership football in 2001, when he was 30.
Three years later, he was caught having sex with strangers in a car park, and checked into the Priory clinic for treatment for depression.
He spoke openly about his depression for the first time in 1999, and in 2004 he published an autobiography in which he described an aborted suicide attempt.
Of the about 300 titles in the Monthly Deals listings, 142 are listed as “eBooks with Audible Narration” which, I gather, is how the Kindle store has been listing what used to be called “Whispersync for Voice” titles these days. I'm going to continue calling these “Whipsersync Deals” and this month we get Clive Barker, Neal Pollack, Blake Crouch, James Maxwell, Ania Ahlborn, Susan Ee, Robert Dugoni, Stuart Neville, Michael Wallace, and tons more, and though again as last month there's not a whole lot of “absolute must buy” at the very top, Victor Gischler's Ink Mage series and Tiffany Tsao's The Oddfits come awfully close; and, again as last month, this is coming out riiiiiight at the very end of the month again, so don't wait too long as these deals end at midnight or thereabouts on May 31/June 1:
Ink Mage, The Tattooed Duchess, and A Painted Goddess by Victor Gischler, read by Fiona Hardingham for $1.99+$1.99 each are the complete A Fire Beneath the Skin trilogy: “In the first installment of the A Fire Beneath the Skin trilogy, the city of Klaar has never fallen. No enemy has ever made it across the Long Bridge or penetrated the city's mighty walls. Even when a powerful invading army shows up at the gates, the duke and his daughter, Rina Veraiin, are certain that it poses little threat. But they are cruelly betrayed from within and, in a horrific spasm of violence, the city is brought to its knees. With the help of her bodyguard, Kork, the battle-trained young Rina narrowly escapes the slaughter and makes her way to the lair of an ancient sorcerer—the Ink Mage—who gifts her with a strange, beautiful set of magical tattoos. Now a duchess in exile, Rina sets out on a quest to reclaim what is rightfully hers, aided by a motley assortment of followers who will help her in her cause—some for noble reasons and others for their own dark purposes. With the enemy's agents nipping at her heels, Rina must learn to harness her new and startling magical powers if she is to assert her rightful place as ruler of Klaar.”
The Oddfits by Tiffany Tsao, read by Nico Evers-Swindell for $1.99+$1.99 was just published by AmazonCrossing and Brilliance Audio in February this year; shelved as “literary speculative fiction” it's right in my wheelhouse and, perhaps, oddly enough in yours: “Eight-year-old Murgatroyd Floyd doesn't fit in—not as a blue-eyed blonde living in Singapore, not in school, and certainly not with his aloof expatriate parents, who seem determined to make his life even harder. Unbeknownst to him, there's a reason why he's always the odd boy out: he is an Oddfit, a rare type of human with access to the More Known World, a land invisible to most people. Yet unfortunate circumstances keep Murgatroyd stranded in the Known World, bumbling through life with the feeling that an extraordinary something is waiting for him just beyond reach. Seventeen years later, that something finally arrives when a secret organization dedicated to exploring the More Known World invites Murgatroyd on a mission. But as the consummate loser begins to grow into the Oddfit he was meant to be, the Known World becomes bent on exterminating him. For once in his underachieving life, will Murgatroyd Floyd exceed expectations and outsmart those trying to thwart his stupendous destiny?”
Repeat by Neal Pollack, read by Jeff Cummings for $1.99+$1.99 — “Through strange metaphysical circumstances, failed screenwriter Brad Cohen finds himself caught in an infinite time loop, forced to relive the first forty years of his life again and again. Each “repeat,” Brad wakes up in the womb on what was supposed to be his fortieth birthday, with full knowledge of what's come before. In various timelines, he becomes a successful political pundit, a game-show champion, a playboy, and a master manipulator of the stock market, but none of them seem to lead him out of his predicament. As he realizes he wants to break out of the loop and find the love of his life—the one he hadn't appreciated the first time around—Brad tries, fails, and tries again to escape the eternal cycle of birth and rebirth. Repeat answers the question: If you could live half your life over, would you do things differently? Be careful what you wish for! Repeating is enough to drive a dude crazy.”
Enchantress, The Hidden Relic, The Path of the Storm, and The Lore of the Evermen by James Maxwell, read by the great Simon Vance for $1.99+$1.99 each are “The Evermen Saga” — “After losing their parents in the last doomed uprising, two siblings will find themselves at the center of an epic struggle for power. When Ella witnesses an enchanter saving her brother's life, she knows what she wants to be. But the elite Academy expects tuition fees and knowledge. Meanwhile her brother, Miro, dreams of becoming one of the world's finest swordsmen, wielding his nation's powerful enchanted weapons in defense of his homeland. After Miro departs for war, the void he leaves in Ella's life is filled by a mysterious foreigner, Killian. But Killian has a secret, and Ella's actions will determine the fate of her brother, her homeland, and the world.”
Pines, Wayward, and The Last Town by Blake Crouch, read by Paul Michael Garcia for $1.99+$1.99 each are “The Wayward Pines Trilogy”, openly inspired by David Lynch's Twin Peaks — “Secret service agent Ethan Burke arrives in Wayward Pines, Idaho, with a clear mission: locate and recover two federal agents who went missing in the bucolic town one month earlier. But within minutes of his arrival, Ethan is involved in a violent accident. He comes to in a hospital, with no ID, no cell phone, and no briefcase. The medical staff seems friendly enough, but something feels…off. As the days pass, Ethan's investigation into the disappearance of his colleagues turns up more questions than answers. Why can't he get any phone calls through to his wife and son in the outside world? Why doesn't anyone believe he is who he says he is? And what is the purpose of the electrified fences surrounding the town? Are they meant to keep the residents in? Or something else out? Each step closer to the truth takes Ethan further from the world he thought he knew, from the man he thought he was, until he must face a horrifying fact—he may never get out of Wayward Pines alive.”
The Faithful by S.M. Freedman, read by Tanya Eby for $1.99+$1.99 — “FBI agent Josh Metcalf believes he has uncovered a decades-long conspiracy involving missing children. His obsession has led him to compile hundreds of cases. All involve children rumored to have psychic abilities—and all have no witnesses, no leads, and no resolution. Meanwhile, Rowan Wilson, a meteorite hunter for NASA's Spaceguard Program, is losing her grip on the past. Memories of the childhood she thought she'd had are vanishing, and dark recollections of kidnappings, mind control, and an isolated mountain ranch are taking their place. When Rowan's shadowed past converges with Josh's research, they uncover a deadly plot to reshape humanity. With the world's survival dependent on stopping a vast network of conspirators, can they decipher—and expose—the truth in time?”
Cabal by Clive Barker, read by Chet Williamson for Crossroad Press for $1.99+$1.99 — “Cabal is the story of Boone, a tortured soul haunted by the conviction that he has committed atrocious crimes. In a necropolis in the wilds of Canada, he seeks refuge and finds the last great creatures of the world – the shape-shifters known as the Nightbreed. They are possessed of unearthly powers-and so is Boone. In the hunt for Boone, they too will be hunted. Now only the courage of this strange human can save them from extinction. And only the undying passion of a woman can save Boone from his own corrupting hell… ”
The Shuddering by Ania Ahlborn, read by Luke Daniels for $1.99+$1.99 is the first of 6 titles by Ahlborn in this month's roundup: “Ryan Adler and his twin sister, Jane, spent their happiest childhood days at their parents' mountain Colorado cabin—until divorce tore their family apart. Now, with the house about to be sold, the Adler twins gather with their closest friends for one last snowboarding-filled holiday. While commitment-phobic Ryan gazes longingly at Lauren, wondering if his playboy days are over, Jane's hopes of reconciling with her old boyfriend evaporate when he brings along his new fiancée. As drama builds among the friends, something lurks in the forest, watching the cabin, growing ever bolder as the snow falls…and hunger rises. After a blizzard leaves the group stranded, the true test of their love and loyalty begins as the hideous creatures outside close in, one bloody attack at a time. Now Ryan, Jane, and their friends must fight—tooth and nail, bullet and blade—for their lives. Or else surrender to unspeakable deaths in the darkened woods.”
All for $1.99+$1.99 each: The Bird Eater is read by Peter Berkrot; The Neighbors is read by Fleet Cooper; Seed is read by Eric G. Dove; Brother is read by Paul Boehmer; and Within These Walls is read by R.C. Bray.
YOUNG ADULT
Blur (Blur Trilogy Book 1), Fury, and Curse by Steven James, read by Nick Podehl for $1.99+$1.99 each — “The isolated town of Beldon, Wisconsin, is shocked when a high school freshman's body is found in Lake Algonquin. Just like everyone in the community, sixteen-year-old Daniel Byers believes that Emily Jackson's death was accidental. But at her funeral, when he has a terrifying vision of her, his world begins to rip apart at the seams. Convinced that Emily's appearance was more than just a mere hallucination, Daniel begins to look carefully into her death, even as he increasingly loses the ability to distinguish fantasy from reality. What's real? What's not? Where does reality end and madness begin? As Daniel struggles to find the truth, his world begins to crumble around him as he slips further and further into his own private blurred reality.Full of mind-bending twists and turns, Blur launches a new trilogy of young adult thrillers from Steven James, a master of suspense.”
Angelfall, World After, and End of Days by Susan Ee, read by Caitlin Davies for $1.99+$1.99 each are the “Penryn and the End of Days” trilogy: “It's been six weeks since angels of the apocalypse descended to demolish the modern world. Street gangs rule the day while fear and superstition rule the night. When warrior angels fly away with a helpless little girl, her seventeen-year-old sister Penryn will do anything to get her back. Anything, including making a deal with Raffe, an injured enemy angel. Traveling through a dark and twisted Northern California, they journey toward the angels' stronghold in San Francisco, where Penryn will risk everything to rescue her sister and Raffe will put himself at the mercy of his greatest enemies for the chance to be made whole again.”
MYSTERY/THRILLER/HISTORICAL
The Ghosts of Belfast by Stuart Neville, read by Gerard Doyle for $1.99+$3.99 — ”
Northern Ireland's Troubles may be over, but peace has not erased the crimes of the past. Gerry Fegan, a former paramilitary contract killer, is haunted by the ghosts of the twelve people he slaughtered. Every night, at the point of losing his mind, he drowns their screams in drink. But it's not enough. In order to appease the ghosts, Fegan is going to have to kill the men who gave him orders. From the greedy politicians to the corrupt security forces, the street thugs to the complacent bystanders who let it happen, all are called to account. But when Fegan's vendetta threatens to derail a hard-won truce and destabilize the government, old comrades and enemies alike want him dead.”
My Sister's Grave by Robert Dugoni, read by Emily Sutton-Smith for $1.99+$1.99 — “Tracy Crosswhite has spent 20 years questioning the facts surrounding her sister Sarah's disappearance and the murder trial that followed. She doesn't believe that Edmund House – a convicted rapist and the man condemned for Sarah's murder – is the guilty party. Motivated by the opportunity to obtain real justice, Tracy became a homicide detective with the Seattle PD and dedicated her life to tracking down killers. When Sarah's remains are finally discovered near their hometown in the northern Cascade mountains of Washington State, Tracy is determined to get the answers she's been seeking. As she searches for the real killer, she unearths dark, long-kept secrets that will forever change her relationship to her past – and open the door to deadly danger.”
Black Lotus by K'wan, read by Cary Hite for Buck 50 Productions for $0.99+$2.99 — “Detective James Wolf earned the nickname Lone Wolf from his inability to work with a partner. He's a hard cop who doesn't mind bending the rules to the breaking point to make a case, which is why Internal Affairs is digging in his backyard, looking for buried bones. People are starting to wonder which side of the law the Lone Wolf really hunts for. With his career hanging by a thread, he needs a major show of good faith to stay employed and out of prison. That's when he gets the call. From the moment he arrives at the crime scene, Detective Wolf knows he's in over his head. He's a narcotics detective called in to consult on a homicide, but this is no ordinary homicide – a priest was butchered in his own church, the body left behind with a promise of more to follow. The only lead is the killer's calling card: a black lotus flower. Detective Wolf now has the opportunity to wipe his service record clean, in exchange for tracking and stopping the Black Lotus before the next victim is claimed. Accepting this assignment was Wolf's attempt to get Internal Affairs off his back. But when his hunt for the Black Lotus leads him to a cold case from his past, it becomes personal.”
The Crescent Spy by Michael Wallace, read by Rosemary Benson for $1.99+$1.99 — “Writing under a man's name, Josephine Breaux is the finest reporter at Washington's Morning Clarion. Using her wit and charm, she never fails to get the scoop on the latest Union and Confederate activities. But when a rival paper reveals her true identity, accusations of treason fly. Despite her claims of loyalty to the Union, she is arrested as a spy and traitor. To Josephine's surprise, she's whisked away to the White House, where she learns that President Lincoln himself wishes to use her cunning and skill for a secret mission in New Orleans that could hasten the end of the war. For Josephine, though, this mission threatens to open old wounds and expose dangerous secrets. In the middle of the most violent conflict the country has ever seen, can one woman overcome the treacherous secrets of her past in order to secure her nation's future?”
Tibetan Buddhist monk praying for world peace, Godegeng, Nepal
First came the declarations that mindfulness was "having a moment." Then came the backlash.
A number of publications (this one included) called 2014 the “year of mindfulness,” and a Time cover story went so far as to proclaim a “mindful revolution” in American culture. Everyone from Rupert Murdoch to Anderson Cooper to Lena Dunham spoke out about the virtues of meditation, and mindfulness -- the cultivation of a focused, non-judgmental awareness on the present moment -- swiftly made its way from spiritual retreat centers to public schools, military bases, hospitals, therapists' offices and corporate boardrooms across the country.
So it was only a matter of time before resistance began mounting.
“If 2014 was the year of mindfulness, 2015 might be the year of the backlash,” Alice Robb wrote in the New Republic, labeling meditation the latest obsession of the white upper middle class.
The New Republic wasn't alone in taking a skeptical view of mindfulness. The Daily Beast recently asked, “What if meditation isn't good for you?”, and in the Harvard Business Review, psychiatrist and executive coach David Brendel warned about the risks of mindfulness in the workplace. In another piece, The New Republic even referred to mindfulness as a "tool of corporate control."
So what gives? Well, critics of mindfulness tend to fall into one of three camps: Those who argue that mindfulness has become watered-down secularized; those who claim it's elitist; and those who say benefits of the practice have been “oversold and overhyped.”
“The public enthusiasm for complementary health practices -- and meditation in particular -- is outpacing the scientific research,” Willoughby Britton, a Brown University psychiatry professor who is researching possible negative side effects of meditation, recently told The New York Times. “Widespread implementation is premature.”
Despite the marketing of mindfulness as the latest hobby of the one percent, when it comes to the benefits of a meditation practice, the science is incontrovertible. A growing body of research unequivocally shows that a regular meditation practice is not only risk-free, but highly beneficial to the mind and body. Meditation has been shown to reduce symptoms of anxiety and depression, boost focus and improve sleep quality, among other benefits. And in just eight weeks, a meditation practice can create measurable brain changes in areas associated with memory, sense of self, empathy and stress.
Meditation is also a particularly effective antidote for many of the ailments so common in the modern workplace, including stress, tech addiction, workaholism, burnout and sleep deprivation. Seeing the positive impact of meditation on both an individual and a company-wide level, major companies such as Aetna and Google are offering free meditation classes for their employees.
"It's very early days still, but it seems to be making a difference," David Gelles, a New York Times reporter and author of Mindful Work, said of workplace meditation programs in a recent conversation with HuffPost Live.
Let's take a look at two of the main arguments in the recent mindfulness backlash -- and why they don't capture the full picture of the practice.
Criticism: It's elitist.
Meditation isn't just for the rich, although it can be presented that way in the mainstream media. The movement is often represented by a serene-looking young blonde woman (thanks, Time) or a Silicon Valley tech titan -- but this picture that doesn't begin to tell the whole story of how mindfulness is changing lives.
In reality, the barrier to entry for meditation is fairly low -- much lower, for instance, than health interventions like eating all-organic or seeing a therapist. Anyone who is interested can find a wealth of information and guidance on meditation on the Internet. Mindfulness also doesn't necessarily take a whole lot of time. Research has shown that even five or 10 minutes a day can make a difference.
Recent Northeastern University research showed that both taking a meditation course in-person with an experienced mindfulness instructor and practicing meditation for two weeks using the iPhone app Headspace had similarly positive outcomes for boosting compassion and altruistic behavior. The compelling research suggests that this finding might also extend to other important benefits of meditation, including reduced anxiety and depression, and improved cognitive function.
Another common argument is that mindfulness leads us to focus too much on the self. But really, at its core, mindfulness is about compassion and connection.
“The entire purpose for practicing mindfulness is to tune into the world and engage with reality and society more deeply,” Shambhala meditation teacher Ethan Nichtern, founder of the Interdependence Project, wrote in a 2014 blog post, noting that this objective is often overshadowed.
But if the research is conclusive about one thing, it's this: Practicing mindfulness for any purpose boosts feelings of compassion, empathy and connection with others, and as the Northeastern studies showed, those who spent just two weeks practicing meditation were more likely to act selflessly to help others in need.
Secularized mindfulness doesn't focus as much on the idea of interconnection as spiritual mindfulness does -- but that doesn't mean it doesn't help to connect us to each other and move us to action. As Google's mindfulness guru Chade-Meng Tan insists, a mindfulness practice naturally cultivates emotional intelligence, and when we become more emotionally intelligent, "goodness and world peace [are] the unavoidable side-effects."
Congressman Tim Ryan, who has worked to bring mindfulness to veterans with PTSD, exemplifies mindfulness paired with social activism. At a recent New York City event, Ryan advised those who want to make a difference in the world to practice meditation -- and then to act. “Get off the mat and into the world," he said.
Where is the mindfulness movement heading?
A backlash is a natural phase of growth for any major movement -– in a way, the fact that there's a backlash attests to the fact that mindfulness is catching on.
As mindfulness is getting more popular and going mainstream, the practice has and will continue to be misrepresented and exploited in different contexts. But that doesn't mean the whole idea is misguided. The practice has lasted 2,500 years for one simple reason: Because it works.
Photo Illustration by Alexander Ho for TIME; Getty Images (3)
In the new book The Education of Millionaires, Michael Ellsberg suggests that although “there are many wonderful things you can learn in college,” few of them are transferable to real life. Perhaps in an effort to fill that perceived gap, Ellsberg has written what might be characterized as a motivational self-help manual that aims to reveal “the capabilities and mind-sets that will get you ahead outside the classroom.”
(MORE: The 20 Best- and Worst-Paid College Majors)
So far, so good. I welcome the kind of robust debate about the value of higher education that this book may engender. It is necessary to bear in mind, however, that what Ellsberg also reveals is a passionate regard for making money — lots of it — as a measure of the value of an individual's work and worth. To defend his thesis, the author cites a number of college dropouts — such as Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg and Michael Dell — to demonstrate how successful they have become without the benefit of a college degree. Their stories, though compelling, point towards the highly misleading conclusion that higher education may sometimes be more a hindrance than a benefit to those seeking to thrive anywhere north of the poverty line. I notice that Ellsberg does not challenge the value of a degree when it comes to professions other than entrepreneur — that makes sense because none of us would consult a lawyer or put ourselves in the hands of a surgeon or even an accountant who had not undergone rigorous education. I am also not surprised that while Ellsberg highlights the accomplishments of dropouts, he excludes degree holders who have become wealthy and famous. For example, of the current Fortune 500 CEOs, some 99% have a college degree. Similarly, of the Forbes 400 richest people in America, 81% hold postsecondary degrees. (In my experience, when the time comes for both well-off college dropouts and graduates to send their children to school, they both opt for the most highly rated schools on anyone's list, no matter what the cost.) So why should the exception — the dropout — become the rule to emulate?
Debates about the value of higher education are always acute during times of economic and social crises. Questions arise about whether the halls of academia or the college of hard knocks provide better preparation for dealing with life's challenges. The cost of higher education dominates the debate, although critics tend to trot out the price of an Ivy League school rather than reference the more affordable tuitions at the nation's many excellent public colleges and universities, which educate the majority of U.S. students. Regardless, the fact remains that people with college degrees still earn much more — and are more likely to have a job to begin with — than people without.
(MORE: Actually, College Is Very Much Worth It)
But what is forgotten in the discussion about dollars and cents is that the purpose of education, whatever its cost or its source, is not simply to enable one to earn a living but to prepare one for living over the course of an entire lifetime with all the ups and downs that come our way. This is particularly true of the liberal arts which, I believe, are the key to endowing students with the perspective for reflection upon the nature and texture of their own lives. The liberal arts provide young men and women with the standards by which to measure human achievement and to recognize and respect the moral courage required to endure human anxiety and suffering as well as to analyze and plan how to achieve their individual goals. One might be wise to recall Derek Bok's famous statement that if you think education is costly, compare it to the price of ignorance.
What is also left out of the debate about higher education is that its purpose is not just to provide a pathway paved with gold for the nation's elites. If we frame the discussion that way, we may unintentionally serve to disparage the people who are in charge of the daily management, maintenance and smooth operation of our civilization — the men and women who deliver our mail, comprise our police force, serve in our military, work in our libraries, teach our elementary school children, and devote themselves to a thousand other jobs that, if not performed with responsibility, commitment and creativity, would undermine the basic structures of our society. Though these individuals may not be reaching for the kind of stars that Michael Ellsberg and others would have them aspire to grasp, most are doing something even more important: they are engaging in the useful tasks of good citizens and contributing to the common welfare, including providing for their families. And perhaps they are even carrying out what Marcus Aurelius called “one of our assignments in life … to do what needs doing.” In my book, that is more than quite enough.
A mozzarella byproduct could soon be helping to melt ice on Milwaukee streets, a project befitting a state where football fans proudly wear foam cheese wedges on their heads.
Chuckle if you must, but Milwaukee Ald. Tony Zielinski said spreading cheese brine on the roads of America's Dairyland could be a boon for the environment and the municipal budget. The city recently decided to proceed with a pilot project testing cheese brine as a supplement to rock salt, a few months after a Zielinski-led resolution directed the Department of Public Works to study using the brine in de-icing.
The cheese brine — which "has a distinctive odor," according to a city report — would be used in cold weather to wet rock salt right before it's dropped on the street, said Wanda Booker, Milwaukee's sanitation services manager.
Cheese brine is a salt and water solution commonly used in the making of Italian varieties such as mozzarella and Parmesan, said John Umhoefer, executive director of the Wisconsin Cheese Makers Association. When it's no longer suitable for soaking provolone, Umhoefer said the brine is usually discarded as industrial wastewater.
"It's a great recycling idea," Umhoefer said. "What better to put on your roads than the scent of mozzarella?"
The plan is not entirely new. According to the city's report on cheese brine, a county in rural Wisconsin saves money on de-icing by using brine it receives free from a local cheese-maker.
Soon, officials in Wisconsin's largest city will see if cheese brine is ready for the big time. In order for Milwaukee to test the cheese brine this winter, it first has to locate a supplier and secure a state permit, Booker said. If the city clears those hurdles, Booker said crews will test cheese brine's effectiveness on a short route.
"We're able to take something that was a waste product and turn it into something that's useful," said Zielinski, who would like to see cheese brine used on slick roads in other urban centers if the Milwaukee test succeeds. "The idea is that the more we can reduce the salt, which we have to pay for, the less money it would cost and the better for our environment."
mitsmith@tribune.com
A brick wall in Melbourne, Australia, has become a battleground for freedom of expression in the city, as a graffiti artist "covered up" his controversial mural of a bikini-clad Hillary Clinton on Monday by painting a burqa over the image.
The controversy started last month when the artist, named Lushsux, painted a mural of U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton dressed in a small bikini with $100 bills tucked inside, The Herald Sun reported. The mural appeared on the outside wall of a store.
This is no longer a wall of a supposed "offensive and near naked" Hillary Clinton, a beautiful Muslim woman. pic.twitter.com/M7Uzr4gqBC — LUSHSUX (@lushsux) August 1, 2016
The store's owner reportedly was out of town, but the person watching over the business said she had no problem with the mural. Still, the Maribyrnong Council determined that it was offensive and demanded it removed.
In response, the artist again grabbed at controversy: he covered Clinton with a black burqa, exposing only her blue eyes. He seemingly tried to preempt the next round of criticism by writing a message next to the modified mural: “If this Muslim woman offends u, you are a bigot, racist, sexist Islamophobe.”
The council appeared unimpressed.
On Tuesday, Lushsux posted a picture on his Twitter account that showed the mural entirely covered with black paint. The caption read, “Looks like the council wins.”
Looks like the council wins. GG pic.twitter.com/oHtynW8v2Q — LUSHSUX (@lushsux) August 2, 2016
Lushsux has a history of painting provocative murals. In one, he painted a seductive-looking Melania Trump naked except for two images of Donald Trump covering her breasts. Lushsux coyly captioned the image on Twitter: "Decided to censor my work now as not to cause any offense."
His work has been compared and contrasted with other popular graffiti artists, including Banksy. Lushsux often takes on pop culture, painting figures like Kanye West and Kim Kardashian.
The recent discovery of dozens of remarkably well-preserved footprints in the southern Arizona desert provides new insights into how Native people practiced a complex system of irrigation agriculture in the region between 2,500 and 3,000 years ago. The find also offers new evidence in a long-standing debate over possible migration patterns from Mesoamerica and gives a unique snapshot of daily life at a time when people were transitioning from nomadic hunter–gatherers to more sedentary village dwellers.
The footprints, among the oldest ever found in the Southwest, were discovered last December during the preconstruction mitigation phase of a bridge project in Tucson, says Ian Milliken, an archaeologist for the Pima County Office of Sustainability and Conservation. The prints show what appears to have been a family—two adults, two children and a dog—opening and closing headgates from a raised irrigation ditch into fields measuring 15 meters by 15 meters. “They're exponentially larger than anything we've discovered for this time period,” Milliken says. “What's really unique about this is that it actually captures a point in time, probably down to the day these prints were left.”
The finding is important, says Paul Fish, curator emeritus of the Arizona State Museum at the University of Arizona in Tucson, because it supports the theory that irrigation agriculture in Arizona was a homegrown technique, not the result of a migration of people out of Mesoamerica. “The presence of well-developed irrigation strategies in the Tucson Basin by 1500 B.C.,” Fish says, “strongly indicates the that large-scale canal technologies of the Phoenix Basin Hohokam developed locally.” Between about A.D. 200 to around 1450, when they disappeared, the Hohokam built more than 240 kilometers of canals throughout the Salt River Valley in what is now Phoenix, a feat of agricultural engineering unsurpassed in Mesoamerica.
Allen Denoyer, with Archaeology Southwest, a subcontractor working with SWCA Environmental Consultants, the firm excavating the Tucson site, says that the recently discovered fields are “clearly a local adaptation.” But Denoyer does not rule out the possibility that the techniques used there originated in Mesoamerica and could have been introduced by people spreading north along river valleys.
The theory that Hohokam settlement of southern Arizona was the result of a migration out of Mexico was based in large part on the scale and complexity of the Hohokam irrigation system. Fish finds that theory unconvincing on two counts, however. Mesoamerican irrigation systems are no older than their counterparts in Phoenix, he says. Also, many other Mesoamerican cultural and technological influences found among the Hohokam appeared at about the same time as they did in the south, with no evidence of their existence on the land in between. A more likely scenario, Fish argues, is that forms of interaction with peoples to the south involved individuals traveling from north too south to obtain Mesoamerican ritual items and knowledge that would elevate their status back home.
Ian Milliken does not expect the new discovery to settle the debate: “We have evidence of very early agriculture in Mexico that predates this, but that doesn't mean it wasn't here at the same time.” It is also possible that the same agricultural techniques were widespread but did not leave a trace elsewhere. “The U.S. east coast may have had early irrigation agriculture but you're just not seeing any remnants of it because of more soil moisture there,” Milliken says. “It could just be that we get this preservation effect here because of the desert.
The recently discovered footprints owe their existence to a unique set of circumstances, Denoyer says. Soon after they were made, flooding from a nearby river deposited a layer of micaceous sand 10 to 20 centimeters deep across the field. When the field was reused, the sand-filled prints were so well preserved that it was possible to see where mud squeezed into the small spaces between their individual toes—or in the case of the dog, between claws.
Archaeological excavation of fields in the Southwest is still a relatively recent development, with previous digs focusing on structures, which are more easily found with technologies like ground-penetrating radar. That changed in 1988 when fields were unearthed during a similar road project just two and a half kilometers from where the footprints were found.
Archaeologists expect to discover more about the lives of these ancient people in the near future. “We've got five stratified layers below this one,” says Milliken, pointing to a pair of tiny parallel footprints made by a child standing at the edge of the field thousands of years ago. “There's so much more to learn.”
Fans of abstinence had better be sitting down. "Saving yourself" before the big game, the big business deal, the big hoedown or the big bakeoff may indeed confer some moral benefit. But corporeally it does absolutely zip. There's no evidence it sharpens your competitive edge. The best that modern science can say for sexual abstinence is that it's harmless when practiced in moderation. Having regular and enthusiastic sex, by contrast, confers a host of measurable physiological advantages, be you male or female. (This assumes that you are engaging in sex without contracting a sexually transmitted disease.)
In one of the most credible studies correlating overall health with sexual frequency, Queen's University University in Belfast tracked the mortality of about 1,000 middle-aged men over the course of a decade. The study was designed to compare persons of comparable circumstances, age and health. Its findings, published in 1997 in the British Medical Journal, were that men who reported the highest frequency of orgasm enjoyed a death rate half that of the laggards. Other studies (some rigorous, some less so) purport to show that having sex even a few times a week has an associative or causal relationship with the following:
- Improved sense of smell: After sex, production of the hormone prolactin surges. This in turn causes stem cells in the brain to develop new neurons in the brain's olfactory bulb, its smell center.
- Reduced risk of heart disease: In a 2001 follow-on to the Queen's University University study mentioned above, researchers focused on cardiovascular health. Their finding? That by having sex three or more times a week, men reduced their risk of heart attack or stroke by half. In reporting these results, the co-author of the study, Shah Ebrahim , Ph.D., displayed the well-loved British gift for understatement: "The relationship found between frequency of sexual intercourse and mortality is of considerable public interest."
- Weight loss, overall fitness: Sex, if nothing else, is exercise. A vigorous bout burns some 200 calories--about the same as running 15 minutes on a treadmill or playing a spirited game of squash. The pulse rate, in a person aroused, rises from about 70 beats per minute to 150, the same as that of an athlete putting forth maximum effort. British researchers have determined that the equivalent of six Big Macs can be worked off by having sex three times a week for a year. Muscular contractions during intercourse work the pelvis, thighs, buttocks, arms, neck and thorax. Sex also boosts production of testosterone, which leads to stronger bones and muscles. Men's Health magazine has gone so far as to call the bed the single greatest piece of exercise equipment ever invented.
- Reduced depression: Such was the implication of a 2002 study of 293 women. American psychologist Gordon Gallup reported that sexually active participants whose male partners did not use condoms were less subject to depression than those whose partners did. One theory of causality: Prostoglandin, a hormone found only in semen, may be absorbed in the female genital tract, thus modulating female hormones.
- Pain-relief: Immediately before orgasm, levels of the hormone oxytocin surge to five times their normal level. This in turn releases endorphins, which alleviate the pain of everything from headache to arthritis to even migraine. In women, sex also prompts production of estrogen, which can reduce the pain of PMS.
- Less-frequent colds and flu: Wilkes University in Pennsylvania says individuals who have sex once or twice a week show 30% higher levels of an antibody called immunoglobulin A, which is known to boost the immune system.
- Better bladder control: Heard of Kegel exercises? You do them, whether you know it or not, every time you stem your flow of urine. The same set of muscles is worked during sex.
- Better teeth: Seminal plasma contains zinc, calcium and other minerals shown to retard tooth decay. Since this is a family Web site, we will omit discussion of the mineral delivery system. Suffice it to say that it could be a far richer, more complex and more satisfying experience than squeezing a tube of Crest--even Tartar Control Crest. Researchers have noted, parenthetically, that sexual etiquette usually demands the brushing of one's teeth before and/or after intimacy, which, by itself, would help promote better oral hygiene.
- A happier prostate? Some urologists believe they see a relationship between infrequency of ejaculation and cancer of the prostate. The causal argument goes like this: To produce seminal fluid, the prostate and the seminal vesicles take such substances from the blood as zinc, citric acid and potassium, then concentrate them up to 600 times. Any carcinogens present in the blood likewise would be concentrated. Rather than have concentrated carcinogens hanging around causing trouble, it's better to evict them. Regular old sex could do the job. But if the flushing of the prostate were your only objective, masturbation might be a better way to go, especially for the non-monogamous male. Having sex with multiple partners can, all by itself, raise a man's risk of cancer by up to 40%. That's because he runs an increased risk of contracting sexual infections. So, if you want the all the purported benefits of flushing with none of the attendant risk, go digital. A study recently published by the British Journal of Urology International asserts that men in their 20s can reduce by a third their chance of getting prostate cancer by ejaculating more than five times a week.
While possession of a robust appetite for sex--and the physical ability to gratify it--may not always be the cynosure of perfect health, a reluctance to engage can be a sign that something is seriously on the fritz, especially where the culprit is an infirm erection.
Dr. J. Francois Eid J. Francois Eid , a urologist with Weill Medical College of Cornell University and New York Presbyterian Hospital, observes that erectile dysfunction is extension of vascular system. A lethargic member may be telling you that you have diseased blood vessels elsewhere in your body. "It could be a first sign of hypertension or diabetes or increased cholesterol levels. It's a red flag that you should see your doctor." Treatment and exercise, says Dr. Eid, can have things looking up again: "Men who exercise and have a good heart and low heart rate, and who are cardio-fit, have firmer erections. There very definitely is a relationship."
But is there such a thing as too much sex?
The answer, in purely physiological terms, is this: If you're female, probably not. If you're male? You betcha.
Dr. Claire Bailey of the University of Bristol says there is little or no risk of a woman's overdosing on sex. In fact, she says, regular sessions can not only firm a woman's tummy and buttocks but also improve her posture.
Dr. George Winch Jr. George Winch Jr. , an obstetrician/gynecologist in Elko, Nev., concurs. If a woman is pre-menopausal and otherwise healthy, says Dr. Winch, her having an extraordinary amount of intercourse ought not to pose a problem. "I don't think women can have too much intercourse," he says, "so long as no sexually transmitted disease is introduced and there's not an inadvertent pregnancy. Sometimes you can have a lubrication problem. If you have that, there can be vaginal excoriation--vaginal scrape."
Women who abstain from sex run some risks. In postmenopausal women, these include vaginal atrophy. Dr. Winch has a middle-aged patient of whom he says: "She hasn't had intercourse in three years. Just isn't interested. The opening of her vagina is narrowing from disuse. It's a condition that can lead to dysparenia, or pain associated with intercourse. I told her, 'Look, you'd better buy a vibrator or you're going to lose function there.'"
As for men, urologist Eid says it's definitely possible to get too much of a good thing, now that drugs such as Viagra and Levitra have given men far more staying power than may actually be good for them.
The penis, says Eid, is wonderfully resilient. But everything has its limits. Penile tissues, if given too roistering or prolonged a pummeling, can sustain damage. In cases you'd just as soon not hear about, permanent damage.
"Yes," says Dr. Eid, "It is possible for a young man who is very forceful and who likes rough sex, to damage his erectile tissue." The drugs increase rigidity; moreover, they make it possible for a man to have second and third orgasms without having to wait out intermission.
"I see it in pro football players," says Eid. "They use Viagra because they're so sexually active. What they demand of their body is unreasonable. It's part of playing football: you play through the pain." This type of guy doesn't listen to his body. He takes a shot of cortisone, and keeps on going. And they have sex in similar fashion."
There's a reason the penis, in its natural state, undergoes a period of flaccidity: That's when it takes a breather. The blood within it is replenished with oxygen. "During an erection," explains Eid, "very little blood flows to the penis. During thrusting, pressure can go as high as 200 mil of water. Zero blood flows into penis at that time." To absorb oxygen, the tissue must become relaxed. "If you do not allow the penis to rest, then the muscle tissue does not get enough oxygen. The individual gets prolonged erections, gets decreased oxygen to tissue, and could potentially suffer priapism." (We recommend you get a medical encyclopedia and look it up.) "The muscle becomes so engorged, it's painful. Pressure inside starts to increase. Cells start dying. More pressure and less blood flow. Eventually the muscle dies. Then there's scarring. That's why it's considered an emergency."
Go to church and grow in wisdom
Several weeks ago, I brought my readers and radio listeners some interesting news that confirmed something I've long suspected: Stupid is contagious.
At least these were the findings being released from Johns Hopkins Medical School and the University of Nebraska whose scientists claimed to have discovered a virus that makes people stupid. (I have some hair-dos in the eighties that would suggest I've carried this virus a couple of times myself, but that's beside the perm. I mean the point.) As I told the Things Southern community, we need to raise awareness and fast. Officially recognizing the Stupid Virus could be yet another blow to work productivity. I can hear it now. "Sorry, boss. I can't come in today. I'm feeling stupid."
Indeed, I had a lot of fun opining on who I thought should cover their mouths when they coughed, as well as the need for all of us to band together and race for the cure, but I'm back today with a more serious update on the Stupid Virus. Only this time, it's good news and it comes from an unquestionably reliable source. Proverbs 15:7 tells us, "The lips of the wise spread knowledge, not so the heart of fools."
Did you hear that? Stupid people may be contagious, but wise people carry the antidote! Hallelujah! So, where do we find these wise people? The Bible is clear that wisdom begins with the fear of God and grows through the pursuit of Him. That tells me wise people are the believers who make up the body of Christ and who are actively looking to Him for guidance.
Let me tell you why that's important. There is much to be learned in studying our physical bodies and our spiritual lives sides by side. God has written evidence of Himself all around us, and it's waiting to be discovered and applied.
Friend, if you're a believer who thinks you can go it alone, that you don't need to be part of a church body, I want to respectfully warn you to rethink that position for you are dangerously deceived.
Hugs,
Shellie
Shellie Rushing Tomlinson is an author, speaker, and radio host. Visit her at allthingssouthern.com and hear her radio program ATS LIVE from 5-6 p.m. Monday on TALK540 AM.
Read or Share this story: http://tnsne.ws/1C8iceh
Most people experience some degree of trauma or abuse in life, but it may have a particularly strong impact on children, and on creative and highly sensitive people.
These experiences can range from combat, rape, assault, sexual abuse, car accidents, natural disasters and other events, to “ongoing emotional abuse or neglect, experiences of shame, humiliation, being left out, bullied or ridiculed or feeling not cared for, to growing up gay in a homophobic culture.”
Those quotes are by clinical psychologist Kathleen Young in her post What is Trauma?
Many people are drawn to creative expression as part of their way to heal from trauma, and regain self esteem and emotional control.
Halle Berry said she recalls being terrified that her violent father, who physically abused her mother, would turn on her.
“I think I've spent my adult life dealing with the sense of low self-esteem that sort of implanted in me. Somehow I felt not worthy.”
She explained, “Before I'm ‘Halle Berry,' I'm little Halle…a little girl growing in this environment that damaged me…I've spent my adult life trying to really heal from that.”
From my article The Alchemy of Art: Creative Expression and Healing.
~~~~ Her comments are very meaningful to me: My fundamentalist Christian mother on several occasions became angry, even enraged over something I said, or the tone of voice I was using, that violated her standards. At least once, she whipped me with a belt, and a more than once “washed my mouth out with soap” as she put it: jamming a bar of soap in my mouth, while demanding something to the effect, “Don't every say that again.” I am not writing about this to condemn her, or take away from all the years of loving care and support she and my dad provided – but that was abusive punishment, and as with many people, it has had enduring impacts on my self esteem. ~ ~ ~
“My life has had many painful journeys and heartbreaks…many of which I draw on for my work.” Charlize Theron
Read more of her quotes in article:
Creative People, Trauma and Mental Health
~ ~
J. K. Rowling says, “I came from a difficult family. My mother was very ill, and it wasn't the easiest.”
When Rowling was fifteen, her mother was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. She has said her father frightened her. “I did not have an easy relationship with my father… We've not had any communication for about nine years.”
[From Mugglemarch – J. K. Rowling writes a realist novel for adults, by Ian Parker, The New Yorker, October 1, 2012.]
Ashley Judd (a Phi Beta Kappa grad, by the way) became a “hypervigilant child” – “raising herself under unpredictable circumstances, becoming lonely, depressed, isolated—all feelings she kept under wraps for years,” according to an article.
In her New York Times bestselling memoir All That Is Bitter & Sweet, she reveals being sexually abused.
From my post Developing creativity: hypervigilance and highly sensitive people.
Bullying
Actor Zooey Deschanel suffered from being bullied in school.
So did actor Lily Cole (who has achieved the academic honor of a Double First in History of Art from Cambridge University). She has commented:
“I was bullied because I have red hair, although actually, I think I was bullied because some kids bully sensitive children. I was of the type who gets bullied rather than the one who does the bullying, which I'm glad about. I'd rather be that than a bully…
“Any form of bullying should be stamped on because children are so fragile and it affects them. It's horrible.”
– See more in article: Lily Cole and gifted kids being bullied.
Viola Davis was tormented as a kid because of her skin color.
“I have stories of being spit on…third grade was the worst because every day after school I would wait at the door and the bell would ring.
“And as soon as the bell rang I ran as fast as I could from the front door to my house, which was at least a mile away, because I would have eight to nine boys with sticks, bricks, anything they could find, who were ready to kill me.” [Vogue mag.]
She has also talked about suffering from years of low self-esteem and shyness.
In high school, Lady Gaga was bullied, even thrown into a trash can.
She said, “I was called really horrible, profane names very loudly in front of huge crowds of people, and my schoolwork suffered at one point. I didn't want to go to class.
“And I was a straight-A student, so there was a certain point in my high school years where I just couldn't even focus on class because I was so embarrassed all the time. I was so ashamed of who I was.”
The scars don't go away, she says. “To this day, some of my closest friends say, ‘Gaga, you know, everything's great. You're a singer; your dreams have come true.' But, still, when certain things are said to you over and over again as you're growing up, it stays with you and you wonder if they're true.”
[From article: Born to Not Get Bullied, By Nicholas D. Kristof, NY Times Feb 29, 2012.]
She formed the Born This Way Foundation with her mother Cynthia Germanotta, to “empower kids and nurture a more congenial environment in and out of schools.”
Taylor Swift recalls her experiences with another kind of bullying:
“Junior high was actually sort of hard because I got dumped by this group of popular girls. They didn't think I was cool or pretty enough, so they stopped talking to me…
“The kids at school thought it was weird that I liked country [music]. They'd make fun of me.”
[‘But in ninth grade when she moved from her hometown in Pennsylvania to Nashville and scored a record deal. A year into her career, Swift returned to perform in the place where earlier she'd been mocked – and saw the girls who made her feel so badly about herself.]
“They showed up, wearing my T-shirts and asking me to sign their CDs,” says Swift. “It was bittersweet, because it made me realize that they didn't remember being mean to me and that I needed to forget about it, too.”
Besides, she says, “Really, if I hadn't come home from school miserable every day, maybe I wouldn't have been so motivated to write songs. I should probably thank them!”
From Taylor Swift Suffered Bullying in School By Lesley Messer, People mag. 01/27/2009.
In another article she commented:
“I thought that when you grew up, when you weren't in school anymore, you wouldn't have to deal with bullies anymore,” she said. “I guess I thought that meanness was something that we outgrow. Well, when I grew up, I realized that meanness is part of the human condition.
“And it's part of something you're gonna have to deal with the rest of your lives. No matter where you live or what you do, there's always gonna be someone being mean to you — someone who says something about you that's not true or talks behind your back or doesn't invite you to something you really wanted to be invited to.
“And I think one thing that I've learned when I realized that is that it's not so much about wishing away mean people — because they tend to be the kind of people you can't change — so I think it's better to focus on what you can change. Which is how you react to it. And if you can, possibly make a mental note that you'll never ever make someone else feel the way they make you feel.”
From Taylor Swift's Back-to-School Advice on Bullying by Alison Bonaguro.
[Photo from taylorswift.com]
~ ~ ~
As a child, Andrea Ashworth and her sisters suffered emotional, physical and sexual abuse from two stepfathers. Her memoir recounts her experiences.
She went on to become one of the youngest research Fellows at Oxford University, where she earned her doctorate.
In our interview, she talked about how writing her memoir Once in a House on Fire was “a real sanity-saving exercise” and a way to deal with her past, and then be able to move on to writing fiction.
~ ~ ~
Jonathan Safran Foer: ‘A colourful and yet sensitive child, Foer attended Georgetown Day School, where he was injured at the age of eight in a classroom chemical accident.
The accident resulted in “something like a nervous breakdown drawn out over about three years,” which left him wanting nothing but to be “outside his own skin.” ‘
– From Biography on his site jonathansafranfoer.blogspot.com
Photo also used in post: Dealing with self sabotage: Getting beyond impostor feelings.
~ ~ ~
Angelina Jolie “suffered episodes of suicidal depression throughout her teens and early twenties. She felt isolated at Beverly Hills High School among the children of some of the area's affluent families, as her mother survived on a more modest income, and she was teased by other students, who targeted her for being extremely thin and for wearing glasses and braces.” [Wikipedia]
The effects of trauma
Jolie “found it difficult to emotionally connect with other people, and as a result she started to self-harm, later commenting, “I collected knives and always had certain things around. For some reason, the ritual of having cut myself and feeling the pain, maybe feeling alive, feeling some kind of release, it was somehow therapeutic to me.” [Also Wikipedia]
Of course. people respond to experiencing trauma in various ways, not just cutting or substance abuse.
In her article Understanding the Effects of Trauma: Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), Lynn Margolies, Ph.D. writes, “The essential psychological effect of trauma is a shattering of innocence. Trauma creates a loss of faith that there is any safety, predictability, or meaning in the world, or any safe place in which to retreat.
“Hyperarousal is when the traumatized person's physiology is in high gear, having been assaulted by the psychological impact of what happened and not able to reset. The symptoms of hyperarousal include: difficulty sleeping and concentrating, being easily startled, irritability, anger, agitation, panic, and hypervigilance (being hyper-alert to danger).”
More artists and trauma
Some forms of trauma are long-term circumstances, rather than specific events.
Musician will.i.am of The Black Eyed Peas often went hungry as a child. He had to leave home at 5 a.m. every day because he went to a school in a ”better” area of Los Angeles than where his family lived and that meant he often missed meals. [From various news stories.]
James Dean was very close to his mother, but she died of cancer when he was nine. He developed an intimate relationship with his pastor, beginning in high school, and reportedly once told Elizabeth Taylor that he was sexually abused by a minister two years after his mother's death. [Wikipedia]
Shia Labeouf started acting at age 12 to support his mother when his heroin-addicted father abandoned the family. LaBeouf has said he was subjected to verbal and mental abuse by his father, who once pointed a gun at him during a Vietnam War flashback.
Labeouf commented in an interview, “I'd say, through the pain, [my father] has given me more than my mother. Life without pain isn't real at all.” He also said, “I don't like the gray. I like hot or cold, black or white.”
He drinks heavily, perhaps as self-medication: “I never drink for the taste. I drink to get bombed. And when I let my hair down, I really let it down. All the way to a jail cell, usually.”
[The Sunday Times 02 September 2012, via The Week magazine.]
The photo is from the movie “Lawless.”
His costar Mia Wasikowska [in photo] was so distressed by his “aggressive method acting and drinking” that she called her attorney in an attempt to leave the film, according to a Fox News story.
The tortured artist
His statement “Life without pain isn't real at all” sounds like Labeouf may be buying into the ‘tortured artist” mythology, an ancient and enduring notion that art depends on suffering, and artists are likely to be fraught with suffering and dark emotions, and even need their pain to create.
But a number of artists realize that is just wrong. In his appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Colin Farrell said he is finding that he is more creative being sober and happy.
“I was terrified that whatever my capacity was as an actor would disappear when I got sober,” he admitted. “I ascribed to the notion that to express yourself as an artist, you have to live in perpetual pain. And that's nonsense.”
From my post: Pain and suffering and developing creativity.
Sexual abuse of child actors
Former child star Corey Feldman, now 40, was a survivor of childhood sexual abuse and has warned about abuse of child actors. “I can tell you that the No. 1 problem in Hollywood was and is and always will be pedophilia,” Feldman told ABC's Nightline.
“That's the biggest problem for children in this industry… It's the big secret.” … “This has been going on for a very long time,” concurs former “Little House on the Prairie” star Alison Arngrim. “It was the gossip back in the ‘80s. People said, ‘Oh yeah, the Coreys, everyone's had them.' People talked about it like it was not a big deal.” Arngrim, 49, was referring to Feldman and his co-star in “The Lost Boys,” Corey Haim, who died in March 2010 after years of drug abuse.
[From article Recent Charges of Sexual Abuse of Children in Hollywood Just Tip of Iceberg, Experts Say – By Meagan Murphy, FoxNews.com Dec 05, 2011.]
[The BizParentz Foundation is one organization that supports young actors and advocates for protective legislation.]
~~~~
Dealing with trauma
See more quotes, plus resources to deal with trauma and get past pain to be more creative, in the article:
Creative People, Trauma and Mental Health
Also see:
Emotional Health Resources: Programs, books, articles and sites to improve your emotional balance and wellbeing for a better creative life.
~~~~~~~~
One reason this is such a long post is because the topic is so meaningful to me personally.
Is it for you? Feel free to leave a comment below.
~ ~ ~ ~
Related articles
Ontario Progressive Leader Tim Hudak has told his party he'll be stepping aside from his leadership role in two weeks' time.
Hudak has sent a letter to the PC caucus, announcing his intent to step down as leader on July 2. The Canadian Press reports that the letter was sent out today.
Last week, the Progressive Conservatives lost nine seats in the election and failed to form the government. That night, Hudak said he would stay on as an MPP, but would not be leading his party into the next election.
In the letter sent to the PC caucus on Wednesday, Hudak defended the campaign the Tories ran, even if it did not result in an election win.
"We were honest with Ontarians about the mess this province is in and clearly outlined what we believe is the best path forward," Hudak said.
At the first caucus meeting after the election, at least one Tory was calling for Hudak to depart sooner rather than later.
The outgoing PC leader referenced that meeting in his letter to the caucus. Hudak said that it appears that "a significant number" of caucus members favour "a prolonged transition period before a new leader is selected." By stepping down on July 2, Hudak said, the party will be able to put a transition leader in place as the new legislative session gets underway.
Hudak was elected as the Ontario PC leader nearly five years ago. The married father of two has served as a member of the legislature for the past 19 years.
The full letter is posted below.
In this video from 2005, Donald Trump prepares for an appearance on "Days of Our Lives" with actress Arianne Zucker. He is accompanied to the set by "Access Hollywood" host Billy Bush. The Post has edited this video for length. (Obtained by The Washington Post)
Imagine a married man in public life was caught on tape talking about his failed attempt to seduce a married woman. Imagine that man continued by talking about that woman's “big phony tits,” how his star power meant that he could just walk up to any woman he wanted and kiss her, and how his go-to move was grabbing women by their genitals. After you got over your rolling wave of nausea, imagine that this man was also on the record as saying that a woman, let's say a rival of his in business, should be held responsible for her own husband's extramarital sexual behavior. You'd be disgusted, right?
But this is 2016. That man is Donald Trump, and he actually did get filmed saying those things on a bus with then-“Access Hollywood” star Billy Bush in 2005. And given that Trump's go-to move on the campaign trail this season has been to suggest that his rival for the presidency of the United States, Hillary Clinton, is somehow responsible for her husband Bill's repeated betrayals, are we now supposed to ask why Melania Trump didn't do a better job of acting as her husband's keeper?
[The Republican Party does the same pathetic dance with Trump]
Oh, except that Trump is also filmed on that same tape hugging soap opera actress Arianne Zucker and declaring “Melania said this was okay.”
A couple of weeks ago, I wrote that certain leading Republicans, including Trump and his close adviser Rudy Giuliani, who declared Hillary Clinton too stupid to be president for the sin of retaining some faith in her husband, were mounting an astonishing display of public contempt for American women. I didn't need more evidence to be convinced that these men's attitudes toward women are ugly and hateful. But this tape of Trump, published by my colleague David Fahrenthold, certainly adds a new dimension to this nastiness.
The message is clear, if contradictory. Cool wives give their husbands passes. Bad wives fail to restrain their husbands' wandering hands and other body parts, but they also immediately acknowledge their husbands are cheating, and … what? I've never been clear on this part of the equation. Are the cheated-upon supposed to shut up about it so their husbands can have their fun? Get out of the way without a fight so their husbands can marry someone younger and hotter and in turn be discarded for someone else? Cast some sort of sorcery over the country so their own existences are forgotten, and their cheating husbands can move forward as paragons of virtue?
[Donald Trump is a walking, talking example of the tyrannical soul]
Like everything else about Trump's campaign, this tendency to blame women for failing to restrain their husbands, or failing to give their husbands license to do whatever they want, or both simultaneously, somehow, is spectacularly self-interested. Donald Trump wants to live in a world where Hillary Clinton is a moral failure for staying in her marriage, but he can arrogantly describe behavior that most decent people would consider harassment and assault, leave his marriages, repeatedly insult woman and be considered a leader and an exemplar.
Misogyny isn't just about keeping women down. It's about creating special zones of reality and morality that allow men to do whatever they want, without consequences to them, and without regard for anyone else.
Women shouldn't be asked to restrain their husbands in the absence of those men having functioning consciences and the ability to control themselves. But we all have a powerful responsibility to keep Donald Trump as far as possible from the White House.
Update: Hawthorne man charged with homicide after truck drives through farmers market
Update, 7:05 p.m.:
The driver of a pickup truck that smashed through a barricade at the Hawthorne Farmers Market at about 2:15 p.m. Sunday has yet to be charged, Police Chief Richard McCauliffe said.
The driver, whose identity police have not released, was evaluated at St. Joseph's Medical Center in Paterson after appearing “visibly upset,” he said.
The Passaic County Prosecutor's Office is handling the investigation. A Hawthorne woman died and two people suffered minor injuries when a maroon pickup truck broke through the southern barricade of the market at Jefferson Place, McCauliffe said.
The car dragged a woman up Grand Avenue before turning left at Legion PLace and left again on Lafayette Street before stopping, McCauliffe said. The family of the woman, whom McCauliffe did not identify, was at police headquarters Sunday evening, he said.
Tomatoes were still strewn across the ground at about 7 p.m., when the vendors were finally allowed to pack up their trucks.
Update, 5:40 p.m.: Bailey Hildebrant, 21, was working at her family's farmstand when the pickup truck crashed through the barrier at the corner of Jefferson Place and Grand Avenue.
Her farmstand was the farthest south, and the first the truck hit.
The truck hit the table, and the table hit her, sending dozens of RH Farm tomatoes, grown in Hackettstown, through the air.
Hildebrant was taken to St. Joseph's Medical Center in Paterson for minor injuries; a lost toenail, a few scratches.
"I just want to know why he didn't stop," she said. "The barriers were all there and obviously you can see the tents."
HAWTHORNE — A borough woman is dead after a red pickup truck tore through the Hawthorne Farmers Market, officials said.
The vendors were just finishing up their day at about 2:20 p.m. when the truck drove through a barricade, striking several people and dragging a woman half a mile up Grand Avenue toward Legion Place, Mayor Richard Goldberg said.
“What happened here is something the town will not forget for a long time,” he said.
One man is in custody and two to three others are in the hospital, Goldberg said. The woman was a Hawthorne resident, he said.
Blythe Roth, co-owner of Tova's All Natural Bakery, said the driver refused to stop, even after hitting people.
“I screamed and I ran after the car and I was just yelling stop, stop, stop, and they just kept going,” she said.
Police have not commented on incident. The Passaic County Sheriff's Office has joined local police at the scene.
The market takes place every Sunday. Had the incident occurred an hour earlier, Goldberg said, it could have been much worse.
Myles Ma may be reached at mma@nj.com. Follow him on Twitter @MylesMaNJ. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
ADVERTISING:
The reported reason for the roster change is that QO wants to pursue other commitments that will see him leaving South Korea in the coming months, whilst March is still unsure whether or not he will continue playing until he is due to begin military service.Our source has revealed that no replacements have been decided as of yet, with MVP's management opting to bide their time until March makes a decision about his future at MVP. However, a reconsolidation of MVP players across both their rosters has not been ruled out.This change will come as the latest in a series of team disbandments and player shuffles that have preceded the conclusion of TI5, with team's under pressure to finalize rosters before the commencement of the majors system in the coming months.MVP Phoenix came together just under five months ago, following a restructuring of both MVP squads in the lead up to TI5 that saw Heen and Forev move to MVP.Hot6. It was then that both Febby and Kphoenii joined the roster, shaping the squad into one of the strongest teams in Southeast Asia.The Korean squad attended several international LANs in the short time they were together, including the, where they exceeded expectations as a relatively new squad on the international stage, defeating Evil Geniuses in the group stages.The squad initially fell-short of securing a spot at the TI5 LAN finals, losing to their sister team MVP HOT6 in the final of the Southeast Asian qualifiers, but after a commendable performance in the wildcard qualifiers the team managed to overcome Vega Squadron to earn their spot alongside CDEC Gaming in the main event.The following days were a test for the Korean based squad, who fell short of a winners bracket position with a score of 5 wins 9 losses. However, after solid performances in their matches versus Newbee and Team Empire ; the team emerged as the only remaining SEA team at the event. Unfortunately their subsequent loss to Vici Gaming 2-0 ended their run, but their joint 7/8th place finish netted them more thanThe departure of QO and possibly March would represent the end of a long-term relationship between the players and their Korean sponsor after more than two years together. Both players have played an integral part in the development of the South Korean DOTA scene from infancy to maturity. If Jerax of MVP.HotSix6 has indeed returned home, we could see MVP decide to merge their two squads which would provide them with the 2 additional "substitutes" allegedly required for the Majors.
At Cooper, we spend thousands of hours designing systems around the goals and motivations of the people that will use them. We travel across the country, continent and world to have conversations with real users to ensure that we understand their needs and that our design decisions will make their everyday tasks easier and more intuitive to accomplish.
But perhaps we can improve our methods by considering an inverse approach: What if our intent was to frustrate, rather than ease? What if we intentionally made things subtly challenging and unintuitive?
Aside from simply malicious design, is there anything that intentionally facilitates a bad experience? Why would someone do that to other people? For what reasons might something be made to suck?
Making walking suck (for strength)
I was first thinking about this a few months ago when I was with my brother who just had his first kid (making me a first-time uncle). We were at Target to buy some diapers when a woman in her thirties walked by wearing a pair of shoes that were anything but ordinary.
Take the typical athletic shoe company: In general, they've probably been trying to make the shoe experience better by iterating designs and materials in an attempt to make it easier to walk, run or jump.
The woman at Target was wearing a pair of shoes that had, well, a different goal. Despite being sold in the same retail space as shoes that boast comfort and support, the shoes didn't make walking better; they made it worse. In fact, the intent of the shoes was to make walking suck.
The shoes are called “Shape Ups.” Because walking in them is more difficult, wearing them is considered “exercise.” And a thirty-something mother in the diaper section at Target might figure she doesn't have the time to exercise anymore, so she made walking suck in an attempt to get fit.
Making everyday experiences more difficult is actually common in exercise equipment. Lifting weights, for example, adds resistance to common arm and leg movements. Shape Ups just apply this principle to walking. They make walking suck so that their users can become stronger doing everyday activities.
Making you feel sick (for fun)
In sixth grade, those of us nerdy enough to be a part of Safety Patrol—the early risers who helped classmates cross the street—took a field trip to Adventureland, a theme park in our home state of Iowa. It was a reward for a year of hard work.
One of my good friends got on a popular ride called the Silly Silo. To participate is simple: Stand inside a silo while it spins around and around at a quicker and quicker rate.
While many products aim directly at making you feel good, the Silly Silo is designed to make you feel horrible. Participants exit feeling dizzy and motion sickness. For my friend, the result was puking into the nearest trash can.
If a piece of business software caused you to feel dizzy, motion sickness or induce vomiting, it'd be a disaster. But in the world of amusement, engaging our body's natural gag reaction can be a great thing. Rides like the Silly Silo, those that drop you thirty stories, or roller coasters that flip you upside down are among the many common amusement park attractions that generate fun out of the rush a horrible feeling provides.
Making ugly websites (for good business)
A local store in the Silicon Valley asked me to create a website for them a few years ago. I jumped at the chance. I loved the owner's vision, his dedication to the community and his desire to create it with beautiful design. But something felt strange about creating such a professional site for a small shop.
Around that time, in 2006, Luke Wroblewski wrote a blog post titled “Make it Ugly” in which he described clients that wanted ugly websites so that the sites would feel more “genuine.” Luke made an argument against the idea, but desiring ugly in search of authenticity isn't an unusual thought. Fourteen years earlier, in 1992, Ellen Lupton wrote “Low and High” in Eye Magazine, which discussed the history of graphic designers exploring low-brow aesthetics.
Nothing says local like Comic Sans. (Flickr by marblegravy)
I didn't make the store's website suck. But after they closed their doors—a year after I designed their site—maybe I should have. After all, littering your store with Papyrus, Comic Sans menus or having a dated website screams to the visitor, among other things, "Hey, I'm local. I'm the real deal." Conversely, professional typography, an elegant color palette, and rock-solid IA might communicate, "I'm a chain. I'm corporate." Making these elements suck a little might have better communicated the store's local, personal approach.
Making airport seats suck (for prevention)
In 2008, I was sitting at Chicago's O'Hare Airport exhausted, depressed and trying to fall asleep. I had run through an airport in Colorado, faced a long-delayed flight in California and, by the end of the night, had been re-routed across the country to Chicago in hopes of catching an early morning flight to make the funeral of a close friend that had died days earlier in Iowa.
Despite being emotionally and physically drained, I couldn't fall asleep on the seats at O'Hare. I tried resting my legs on my bag, sleeping sideways in a corner, extending myself across two rows of seats and just about every possible other position to get some sleep. None of them worked. Even though O'Hare has a history of Eames design, the Chicago airport's oddly shaped seats and large armrests made it impossible for me to get comfortable. Of the hundreds of things that are frustrating with air travel, why would anyone be cruel enough to top it all off with terrible seating?
Air travelers in Paris attempt to sleep. (Flickr by Pinelife)
A few weeks before my experience in Chicago, Chris Noessel, a co-worker at Cooper, posted on this blog about slanty design (or what some Cooperistas call “design friction.”) The idea of “slanty design” came from an article by Russell Beale in which he described slanted reading tables at the Library of Congress that prevent visitors from setting down drinks and risking spills. Since the tables suck to eat on, they discourage visitors from bringing food that might ruin the library's collection. (Beale's article has a few more examples if you're curious.)
The Library of Congress didn't actually design their reading tables to prevent visitors from eating food, it just works out that way. But the chairs that I couldn't sleep on at O'Hare were designed to prevent sleeping. The large armrests in-between each seat are intended to make sleeping suck so that people don't sleep at airports.
There are plenty of other examples of design intended to prevent behavior. Speed bumps, for example, discourage speeding. Or, similar to the airport seats, some bus benches have ridges to prevent homeless people from sleeping on them. These things make a particular behavior suck to prevent it from happening.
Why it's made to suck
Making conventional interactions suck seems counter-intuitive and cruel. But there are plethora of products and services that aim to suck at common expectations for good reason. Among the many possibilities, things that suck can lead to strength, fun, good business and can introduce friction to prevent improper usage.
Platinum Games' only shooter, Vanquish, has been teased for PC.
About six years go, Platinum Games ventured into a new genre with Vanquish, the studio's first and only third-person-shooter. The game received average reviews, and became a cult hit with many, but never made it to PC.
But its time may come, according to Platinum Games co-founder Atsushi Inaba. Asked by a translator in a Kotaku interview whether or not the game will ever see a release on PC, Inabda said, “(Smiling) Hrm. I wonder… If you stop recording, I can talk about that. (laughs)”
This was part of a larger question about the future of the Japanese games industry now that more and more titles end up on Steam. Specifically, if we're going to continue seeing Platinum-developed games on Steam.
“We're good friends with Valve and often go to their studio. We go there, hang out, talk about many different things, and we are very interested in Steam and would definitely like to release games on Windows.
“Right now, we're at a place in which publishers ask us to make titles. So, if the publisher doesn't want to release a PC version, then there won't be a PC version. It really comes down to that.”
A remaster of Vanquish would definitely make many players happy, and would go a long way in earning more goodwill with Sega, something the publisher seems to have been interested in as of late.
Just like today, the highpoint of Christmas for just about every 1960s kid was the opening of the presents. But for countless children, myself included, it was a close-run thing between the joy unconfined of that dreamy morning ritual and the giddy release of the last school bell of the year ringing the start of the Christmas hols.
School for many was not just drudgery, but a fearsome ordeal. Dickensian teaching methods and discipline were the norm. The twin prime functions of primary education as set out by the State were, (1): “The school exists to assist and supplement the work of parents in the rearing of their children. Their first duty is to train their children in the fear and love of God. That duty becomes the first purpose of the Primary school.”
And (2): To support the revival of the native tongue through “the use of the language to awaken a sympathetic disposition to it”. Before a long-overdue rethink towards the end of the decade, the standard method of teaching Irish was to inflict it on pupils, most of whom never heard a word of it uttered in the real world. Many in the teaching profession were zealous physical-force revivalists.
In the context of a militaristic education system, in which PE was pointedly called “drill”, Christmas came not just as a festive break, but as a merciful release. (Drill on Telefís Éireann came in the form of Tone Up, a twice-weekly exercise class following the Angelus, hosted by Commandant JP O'Keeffe.)
Unlike today, when shops put up their decorations the morning after Hallowe'en, the Christmas countdown didn't start until December 8th, the Catholic Feast of the Immaculate Conception, when rural Ireland descended on Dublin for a shopping spree. Clerys department store had hit on the inspired idea of refunding the rail and coach fares of customers who spent a certain amount in-store, and by the 1960s meeting and regrouping under Clerys' clock was itself a hallowed custom. For stocking fillers, decorations and cheap toys, the capital's go-to stores were Banba Toys and Hector Grey's.
When it came to toys, 1960s Ireland had never had it so good. One spin-off from America's baby boom was a huge surge in the quantity and variety of toys from there, while Formosa (Taiwan) filled a gap for cheap and cheerful plastic dolls and other flimsy stocking fillers. By the start of the 1960s, this boom in toymaking was beginning to make itself felt as the first mild flushes of our own economic mini-boom kicked in. In December 1962, Clerys opened the kiddies' wonderland it called Toytown, featuring “mechanical moving models including Daisy Duck, Lion Trainer, Snake Charmer, Balloon Seller, Bell Ringer, Jack In The Box, Musical Cat, Clowns etc.” Popular requests to Santa now included talking dolls, electric toy sewing machines, and the mind-boggling range piggybacking on the space-race frenzy.
And there was the rub. The young children of Ireland, with not a patriotic thought between them, were completely sold on these fantastic plastic and die-cast metal playthings stamped with telltale marks of quality that any kid could instantly recognise from the TV advertisements, like Mattel and Waddington. The trouble was that in the eyes of many of their elders and betters running the country, children choosing these foreign objects of desire were guilty of treasonous anti-Irish leanings.
As with TV, cinema, religion, sport and everything else, the State was certain that it knew best when it came to toys. There were tariff-protected toy factories in Dublin, Cork, Galway and Mayo, producing kids' scooters, tricycles, seesaws and wheelbarrows, while cottage workshops turned out clunky wooden “craft” dolls, forts and puzzles. For Ireland's rulers, these craft toys were not only morally superior to imported trash, but they also supported jobs here, while keeping out imports from Communist hellholes like Poland and Czechoslovakia. School principals were even enlisted by their political masters to badmouth foreign toys to their little charges through patriotic pep talks.
But the kids didn't want worthy-but-dull home-produced playthings. They craved Triang's 007 Aston Martin with an ejector seat that guaranteed the little plastic passenger would be lost forever before bedtime. They loved pneumatic plastic Barbie, despite an Evening Press plea to go back to wholesome “rag dolls, those squashy companions of our youth”. The ultimate tech pressie was Scalectrix, “the most complete model motor racing system in the world”.
The advent of TV transformed the way we spent Christmas Day itself as the 1960s wore on. The gogglebox ousted the wireless, and even the fireside, as the family gathering point. For those in multi-channel land, the BBC and UTV catered for kids from mid-morning with cartoons and frivolity. For that half of the country stuck with just Telefís Éireann, Christmas was most certainly not about kids. Loaded with civic responsibility and a deep deference to the Catholic Church, TÉ put edification above entertainment. So Christmas Day would start at 10am with Mass, followed by Pope Paul's Urbi Et Orbi address, then non-stop religious fare until lunch when the froth finally arrived via the likes of Andy Williams, Lassie and a children's hospital visit by School Around The Corner host Paddy Crosbie.
It was Christmas, but not as we know it.
Hopscotch and Queenie-i-o by Damian Corless is published by The Collins Press, at €12.99
BRIAN Lake has gone against the grain, suggesting Western Bulldogs captain Robert Murphy should retire.
Murphy, who is five games shy of playing 300 games, ruptured his ACL on Sunday in the Dogs' three-point loss to reigning premiers Hawthorn.
Lake said while it heartbreaking to see Murphy go down injured, it presented younger players with an opportunity to step up and fill the void.
“I don't want to shoot Bambi here, but I would say it's better for the team if he retires,” Lake told AFL 360.
Lake played alongside Murphy before moving to Hawthorn where he won three premierships.
LISTEN TO THE LATEST FOX FOOTY PODCAST FEATURING TOM CHADWICK, RILEY BEVERIDGE AND BEN WATERWORTH BELOW, OR CLICK HERE TO SUBSCRIBE IN iTunes
While he wasn't captained by Murphy, he said his time at the club had been structured around individuals, often to the detriment of the team.
Lake said the romance of Murphy playing again was clouding what was best for the future of the club in its quest for a second premiership.
“With the Bulldogs it's always been about the individual a little bit too much, not about the team.,” he said.
“And I think for the betterment of the team and the way they're going, he should retire.
“Luke Beveridge has brought a lot to the club and changed a lot and I don't think one person is going to make that much of a difference.”
Having played at Hawthorn — a club built on strong systems, not individuals — Lake said the Bulldogs would be flirting with danger if they encouraged Murphy to extend his career.
“If it was anyone else who had done their knee at 33, you'd be showing them the door straight away,” he said.
Dyson Heppell said it would be unusual for a 33-year-old to continue playing after such an horrific injury. But he said if any player was capable of making a comeback it was Murphy.
“He is playing his best footy at this stage of his career,” he said.
“You have seen cases were blokes do a knee and they come back and play even better footy than they had. I think he still has quite a number of years ahead of him to be honest.”
Rush Hour (Fox Sports News)
FORMER Essendon player Mark McVeigh believes Dyson Heppell can still be the next Bombers captain, despite the recent speculation that the midfielder is on the brink of taking the club to court.
Reports emerged on Thursday evening that Heppell, who is currently one of 34 past and present Dons who are suspended by WADA, will launch an unprecedented $1 million compensation claim against his current employer — Essendon Football Club.
“These are challenging times for the footy club,” McVeigh, who is also suspended from football, told Fox Sports News.
“All things considered, Dyson is very valuable to them. He is very marketable and represents himself well in the media. He's certainly a terrific player and can be a future captain if that's the road they choose to go down.
“There will be some difficult conversations there behind close doors and they will come to some sort of agreement.”
McVeigh also refused to rule out following in Heppell's footsteps and suing the Bombers.
McVeigh played 232 games for Essendon from 1999-2012 and is suspended from his assistant coaching role at GWS this season.
“I'm yet to have any discussions with Essendon about that (legal claims),” he said.
“I just hope that all parties get looked after at the moment. I've been concentrating on what I can do right now and those might come down the path.”
“This will happen all year and we will be talking about it right until the very end. I really hope the current players can stick together.”
AFL 360 (Fox Footy)
PORT Adelaide chairman David Koch says he's “tested the waters” to see if another club is interested in playing in next year's groundbreaking game in China.
Koch didn't disclose which club he had spoken to, but didn't knock back suggestions that it might be a team from a state or area with strong tourism and property links.
“I think there are a lot of natural fits (for an opponent),” Koch told AFL 360.
“The Western Australian teams, with the mining and resource links to China. The Queensland teams, with tourism and property development. And Sydney with property development.
“It's up the AFL Commission to decide on that. We've got our preferred partners. We think it will be exciting for other clubs to be able to leverage what we've done over the past couple of years ... to help their club.”
Koch said he was hopeful the AFL could create a niche Chinese audience that would grow to love the game and travel to Australia to watch it.
“When we go to America on holidays, we want to go to an NBA game because that's America's sport,” he said.
“It's a cultural experience. Imagine if we could tap into a tiny amount of the one and a half million Chinese tourists that visit Australia every year and get that same enthusiasm from them.
“This is how you innovate, how you take the game forward, by taking chances.”
The plan which Port Adelaide will table to the AFL Commission is mutli-faceted and hinges upon not only selling the AFL game but the byproducts that go with it.
The Power's audacious push into China has been mounting since it recruited Chinese player Chen Shaoliang on an international scholarship earlier this year, with the club reaching an agreement with the China Central Television network to broadcast two Power games this season.
On Thursday morning, AFL chief executive Gillon McLachlan and Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announced the last component of the expansion plan from Shanghai.
While the AFL is yet to determine the venue for the match, it is expected that Port Adelaide will play the match for premiership points during the bye weekend.
When asked why his club were unwilling to forfeit a home game, Koch said Port Adelaide were contractually obliged to play all of their home games at the Adelaide Oval.
“It will be another team's home game,” he said.
“But the advantage for them is that they'll be properly compensated and will be able to leverage off the back of all the work we've done in China to broaden their commercial appeal to Chinese interests as well.”
AFL Tonight (Fox Footy)
JOSH Gibson says he's keen to play on in 2017, after starting off the season in career-best form that belies his veteran status.
At 32, Gibson keeps getting better with age. Not only did he win Hawthorn's best and fairest last season, but he amassed a career-high 44 possessions in the grand final replay two weeks ago.
And he doesn't plan on hanging up the boots anytime soon.
“Yeah, I'm keen to play on,” he told AFL Tonight.
“The body is feeling good. I'm sure we'll be working through (contract talks) as the season goes on. It's only early.
“I'm aware I'm one of the older blokes and I'm probably at the back of the pecking order when it comes to contract time. But I'm sure we'll be able to work something out.”
Gibson's prolific ball winning has in part stemmed from his modified role this season. He has pushed higher up the ground, straying from the goalkeeper role he has traditionally played at Hawthorn.
“We've got some guys down back that are really doing well on the talls,” Gibson said.
“(Ben Stratton) did a fantastic job on a key position player on the weekend, so if that frees me to get a bit higher at times that's good.”
Gibson said he was delighted to see his former teammate Lance Franklin back to his enthralling best, as he battles an ongoing mental illness.
Franklin has booted four goals in three consecutive games, to trail only Tom Lynch (Gold Coast) in the race for the Coleman Medal.
“We speak from time to time and he's really happy that he's playing footy again, which I think is really good,” Gibson said.
“Everyone enjoys seeing Bud on the field. He's come out firing this year, he's hitting the packs hard and finishing off his good work.
“It's great for the game to see him back out there playing.”
The Ku Klux Klan is a white supremacist hate group that has operated in the U.S. since the 19th century. While it is often thought of as an ugly manifestation of Jim Crow era racism that died out decades ago, recent events — namely, the endorsement of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump by a former KKK leader — remind us that the organization's white nationalist ideology is still embraced in certain parts of the country. But just how big is the KKK today?
Wikimedia - wikimedia.org
The Southern Poverty Law Center estimates that there are 190 active KKK groups with between 5,000 and 8,000 Klan members in the U.S.
Southern Poverty Law Center - splcenter.org
That said, this is a hate group that masks its member in white hoods and robes — the symbolic attire that has historically enabled its base to commit acts of violence against black people under the veil of anonymity — so exact numbers are hard to come by. While the KKK of 2016 isn't nearly as influential or brazen as it was at its peak in the 1920s (when it had 1.5 to 4 million members, according to a study in The Quarterly Journal of Economics), it continues to attract sympathizers who subscribe to its xenophobic, political agenda.
The Ku Klux Klan in 2016
Just this month, we've seen the KKK emerge in national headlines twice. First, when former KKK leader and one-term Louisiana State Representative David Duke endorsed Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump; and then when a KKK rally in Southern California turned violent over the weekend, leaving three counter-protesters injured after they were stabbed with American flags carried by local Klan members. (The members claim they acted out of self-defense).
For many, the fact that Trump declined to immediately disavow the endorsement served as a troubling reflection of the continued influence of white nationalism in America. Trump, meanwhile, maintained that he didn't "know anything about David Duke" or his ties to white supremacy in an interview on NBC's "Today."
Beyond the headlines, however, the takeaway is that the KKK does not simply exist as a phantom of our country's racist past; it is an active organization that still exerts influence in the 21st century, especially in Southern states such as Texas, Arkansas, and Louisiana.
"Just because the Klan's numbers are very small, and their activities have primarily been limited to an occasional gathering or leafleting, doesn't mean that individuals who have been in their orbit can't act violently and commit an attack within the United States," Brian Levin, the director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University, San Bernardino, told CNN. "That is the biggest threat now from groups like the Klan."
Battle of Marignano, (Sept. 13–14, 1515), French victory over a Swiss army in the first Italian campaign of Francis I of France. Fought near the village of Marignano (modern Melegnano), 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Milan, the battle resulted in the French recovery of Milan and in the conclusion of the peace treaty of Geneva (Nov. 7, 1515) between France and the Swiss Confederation. It was a classic clash between Swiss shock infantry—halberdiers and pikemen—and French artillery and heavy cavalry. The French won, though only by a narrow margin, despite a heavy numerical advantage.
Determined to conquer the duchy of Milan, Francis I allied himself with Venice and crossed the Alps via the previously unexploited route Col de l'Argentière (Col de Larche; Maddalena). The French forces seized Novara and proceeded toward Milan, which was defended by its Swiss allies. On September 13 the Swiss advanced against the French position near Marignano and attacked across the marshy ground separating the armies but withdrew somewhat by midnight. The next day, after eight hours of inconclusive fighting, the French were reinforced by Venetian cavalry and forced the Swiss to retreat.
There comes a time in a person's life when you give up on that dream of replacing the decently paying job you lost with another decently paying job. Rand Paul, Republican nominee for Senate from Kentucky, believes that time is now.
In an interview with WVLK-AM in Lexington, Kentucky on Friday, Paul told host Sue Wylie he supported the Republican filibuster last week of more than $100 billion in emergency spending that includes extended jobless benefits. Paul said the bill must be paid before the extension is voted into law — and if that can't happen, it's time for America's unemployed to face facts and stop holding out for jobs similar to the ones they've lost.
“As bad as it sounds, ultimately we do have to sometimes accept a wage that's less than we had at our previous job in order to get back to work and allow the economy to get started again,” he said. “Nobody likes that, but it may be one of the tough love things that has to happen.”Paul also suggested that regardless of whether the benefits could be paid for with cuts somewhere else, it might be time for some people to just stop asking for government aid.
“I think the issue is bigger than unemployment benefits.” Paul said, referring to government spending. “It's all about priorities, what is the priority. And sometimes tough decisions will have to be made.”
“I'm not sure what the answer is,” Paul said. “In Europe, they give about a year of unemployment. We're up to two years now in America.”
Check out the audio. It starts at 2:48:
Audio of the entire show is available here, here, here and here.
The Boy Scouts of America (BSA) is proposing to lift a long-standing ban against gays—but only for scouts under age 18 and not for scoutmasters or adult leaders.
The revamped policy will be presented for a vote by 1,400 members of the BSA's National Council at a meeting in Texas on May 20.
The key part of the resolution says no youth may be denied membership in the Scouts "on the basis of sexual orientation or preference alone." A ban would continue on leadership roles for adults who are openly gay or lesbian.
The BSA has estimated that eliminating the ban on gays entirely could prompt as many as 350,000 scouts to leave the organization. Membership now stands at about 3.6 million.
Gay-rights groups, which had demanded an end to the ban, criticized the partial proposal as inadequate.
"Until every parent and young person have the same opportunity to serve, the Boy Scouts will continue to see a decline in both membership and donations," said Rich Ferraro, a spokesman for the gay-rights watchdog group GLAAD.
Progress but incomplete
Retired Rabbi Jim Kaufman helped Temple Beth Hillel in Valley Village to adopt a "charter of inclusion" that allowed gay scouts and troops leaders despite the national ban. He said the proposed policy change represents some progress.
“I think that's a better step forward than just saying, 'We'll let local people do what they want,'” said Kaufman.
But Kaufman says he'd like to see other clergy members push the national group to lift the ban entirely.
“If synagogues specifically would join together and someone would organize them to send letters to the Boy Scouts of America saying, 'If you lift the ban now on adults, too, we'll have a troop in our place,' I think (it) would have an effect,” said Kaufman.
The Washington, D.C.-based Family Research Council has launched an online petition in support of the ban. Some Scout sponsor groups, including the Roman Catholic Church and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, want the century-old organization to keep the ban in place.
Change prompted by survey
On Friday, the BSA said it changed course in part because of surveys sent out starting in February to about 1 million members of the Scouting community.
The review, said a BSA statement, "created an outpouring of feedback" from 200,000 respondents, some supporting the exclusion policy and others favoring a change.
"While perspectives and opinions vary significantly, parents, adults in the Scouting community and teens alike tend to agree that youth should not be denied the benefits of Scouting," the statement said.
As a result, the BSA's Executive Committee drafted the compromise resolution.
"The proposed resolution also reinforces that Scouting is a youth program, and any sexual conduct, whether heterosexual or homosexual, by youth of Scouting age is contrary to the virtues of Scouting," the statement said.
The BSA described its survey as "the most comprehensive listening exercise in its history."
On an overcast day in 1987, Bill Merrifield climbed out of a cab in downtown Pittsburgh and walked into the clubhouse at Three Rivers Stadium. The first thing he did was ask for money.
It was the late summer, and Merrifield, a 25-year-old career minor-leaguer, had spent the summer playing for the Edmonton Trappers, a Class AAA affiliate of the California Angels. A former second-round pick, he had toiled in the minor leagues for five seasons.
On a day in late August, he had been dealt to the Pittsburgh Pirates in a trade for second baseman Johnny Ray. The next day, he boarded a flight to Pittsburgh, prepared to spend his first night in the big leagues. As he entered the ballpark, he suddenly realized: After a summer in Canada, he had no American dollars in his pocket.
Nearly 30 years later, the afternoon in Pittsburgh is like a memory of a memory, a blur that would become Merrifield family lore. Here was Bill Merrifield, hitting batting practice as Pirates manager Jim Leyland barked out instructions; here he was, navigating the clubhouse, meeting new teammates Barry Bonds and Bobby Bonilla; here he was, as the afternoon turned to evening, receiving a mild surprise from a clubhouse attendant.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Kansas City Star
What equipment do you need? You're starting at first base.
“It was a big day,” Merrifield says.
In the next hour, rain began falling at Three Rivers Stadium in Pittsburgh. The pregame delay lasted close to 45 minutes. All these years later, Merrifield still can't explain what happened next. The clubhouse attendant returned, telling Merrifield that Leyland needed to see him. Inside the manager's office, Leyland delivered a brief message: The Pirates wanted Merrifield to report to instructional league.
When he returned to his locker, his equipment bag was packed. Moments later, he walked out of the stadium gates and headed back to his hotel. He would retire the next season, a 26-year-old with his first child on the way, a North Carolina native ready to start a family and leave baseball behind, a minor-leaguer dreamer who never spent another day in the big leagues.
Nearly 30 years later, the story of his father was somewhere in the recesses of Whit Merrifield's memory as he reached for his cell phone on a golf course in the Pacific Northwest. It was May 17. The sun was setting off the coast of Puget Sound. And Merrifield, a 27-year-old career minor-leaguer, was finishing a round of golf at Chambers Bay Golf Course, the renowned track that hosted the U.S. Open last year.
There was little hint of what would happen next. In the next two weeks, Merrifield would become an unlikely Kansas City folk hero, hitting .360 in his first 12 major-league games, setting a Royals franchise record with hits in his first 11 career starts, helping his club back atop the American League Central with a blazing start to his big-league career.
A versatile Whit Merrifield has become super utility option for the Royals
But this was still a May afternoon in Tacoma, just hours after a day game, and Merrifield was still a minor-leaguer. The green fee was close to $500, and Merrifield almost didn't go, telling his father he couldn't afford it.
“That's like half my monthly paycheck,” he said.
Merrifield's father had convinced him to play, and when he completed the 18th hole, a message was waiting for him. After nearly six full years and 683 games in the minor leagues, Merrifield was being called up to the Kansas City Royals. As he processed the news, he picked up his phone and called his parents. Bill Merrifield had been waiting for this call, too.
The next day, Bill climbed out of a car at Kauffman Stadium, walked through the stadium gates, and took a seat in the stadium's lower level. Accompanied by his wife Kissy and two younger children, Costner and Hite, Bill watched his son play his first major-league baseball game, starting in left field against the Boston Red Sox. When the game was over, the Merrifield family gathered outside the Royals' clubhouse. They did not talk about the close call 30 years ago, Whit Merrifield says, but in some ways, they didn't have to.
“It was definitely a family relief,” Whit Merrifield says. “It was definitely unsaid, but I definitely knew it was there.”
More than two weeks later, the relief has now turned to something else, a combination of joy and incredulity. Last offseason, Merrifield was not a member of the Royals' 40-man roster, left unprotected in the Rule 5 draft, available to any team in baseball that wanted to keep him in the big leagues.
Today, he is the de facto starter at second base for the defending world champions, a former ninth-round pick who turned himself into a utility man with the ability to play seven positions, a throwback whose start ignited an offense missing three All-Stars and inspired wonder among his teammates.
“We're just kind of in awe of what he's doing,” left fielder Alex Gordon says. “It's special.”
“It's the mentality he brings every day,” first baseman Eric Hosmer says. “It fits with everybody in here.”
The story of Whit Merrifield can feel uniquely baseball, of course, a sport where players must toil in the minor leagues for years, where Hobbsian tales of mystery rookies fill the sport's canon. Yet this particular story is one the Merrifield family understood for decades. To survive the grind of minor-league baseball, one must weather years of uncertainty, of low wages and creeping doubt. To survive six years in the minors, Whit Merrifield had to lean on his family.
“He never doubted he would get an opportunity to play in the big leagues,” Bill Merrifield says. “He always believed that. He's that kid.”
In 2015, Whit Merrifield spent the year at Class AAA Omaha, batting .265 with 29 doubles and 32 stolen bases in 135 games. When the season was over, he headed back to the same house he had spent the previous five offseasons: his parents' home in Davie County, N.C.
The housing arrangement was just one facet of a plan hatched six years ago, when Merrifield was drafted out of South Carolina in the ninth round. When Bill Merrifield was drafted out of Wake Forest in the early 1980s, he had to use his five-figure signing bonus to live on. Year by year, the money disappeared. In the offseason, he loaded trucks and sold cable television subscriptions to make ends meet. The seasons took a toll, Bill says.
When Merrifield signed for $100,000 in 2010, Bill didn't want his child to have the same hardships. They put the signing bonus in the bank — close to $60,000 after taxes — and they made an agreement. Every year, Whit would be responsible for his rent and meals during the season. The rest would be subsidized by Bill and Kissy, an investment into their son's dreams. The bonus would remain in the bank, a nest egg for when baseball was over.
The agreement included cell phone bills, car payments and meals during the offseason. Last winter, when Whit took on a hellacious workout regimen that included seven meals per day, the Merrifields began wincing at some of the grocery bills.
Still, the family never thought twice. In his sixth season of minor-league baseball, Whit was set to take home less than $15,000 for a full season. Bill viewed it as a way to give Whit something Bill never had: An opportunity to focus on nothing but baseball.
“It's just part of it,” Bill said. “People don't realize what it takes.”
Another factor, of course, was that Bill and Kissy simply believed in their son. When Whit — short for Whitley — was a senior in high school, he was a three-sport athlete who stood just 5 feet 10 and 155 pounds. When South Carolina, one of the top programs in the country, offered a scholarship, Bill offered some advice: You may have to sit for a while.
“Dad,” Whit said, “All I care about is going to Omaha (site of the College World Series).”
Three years later, Merrifield lined the game-winning hit against UCLA in the 11th inning of the College World Series, lifting the Gamecocks to their first NCAA title.
At South Carolina, Merrifield gained a reputation as a player who “played above his tools,” says Casey Fahy, the Royals' area scout who saw him during college.
“When things are put down on paper, maybe he's average or a little above average,” Fahy says. “But when he's on the field, he's above that.”
On his pre-draft report, Fahy noted Merrifield's versatility. A high school shortstop, Merrifield had converted to center field as a college freshman. By his junior year, he was playing all over the field. As Fahy finished the report, he put one name down as a comparison: Tampa Bay's Ben Zobrist.
“That was the Ben Zobrist of 2010, of course, not the player he is now,” Fahy says. “But it's kind of funny to look back on now.”
The scouting report would hold true as Merrifield climbed the rungs of the minor leagues. In his first two seasons, he played all three outfield spots and second base. By 2014, a breakout year split between Class AA Northwest Arkansas and Class AAA Omaha, he had played every position but catcher. As his minor-league teammates took turns doling out nicknames — “Two-hit Whit,” “Multi-hit Whit,” “Get-A-Hit Whit” — Merrifield began to emerge as a fringe prospect.
“He's always just been the best pure baseball player,” says reliever Scott Alexander, who played with Merrifield the last three seasons. “It always seems like people say that, and it's like a jab, and it's not. It's the kind of player you want.”
Still, Merrifield had to remain patient, biding his time in the system. He was not a high draft pick. He was not a member of the Royals' 40-man roster. During spring training in 2015, Royals manager Ned Yost praised Merrifield for his versatility. He still spent the entire year in Omaha.
This spring, Merrifield batted .347 with two homers and five doubles in 25 games in the Cactus League. The Royals opted for roster inventory. They couldn't afford to strip another player from the 40-man roster. Merrifield was assigned to Omaha again.
“He, in all rights, could have made our team easily out of spring training,” Yost said. “Everybody in that locker room knows how good he is.”
In the days after Merrifield was called up, his 86-year-old grandfather, Bill Sr., jumped in a car in North Carolina and made the 645-mile drive to see his grandson play at U.S. Cellular Field in Chicago. When the series was over, Bill kept pushing his Subaru westward, taking in three more games in Minnesota before trekking 1,400 miles back home.
Back home, Whit says, they call their grandfather “Grump”, a nickname born of an ever-present scowl and quiet demeanor.
“Nicest guy in the world,” Whit says.
A retired contractor, Bill Sr. works three days a week at a golf course, a job that offers a few perks — namely, the ability to drive around the country and see his grandkids play sports. For now, though, the whole family is taking advantage of the opportunity.
On Friday, Bill Merrifield sat inside the Royals clubhouse as his son ate dinner, taking part in the club's annual Dads' Trip. Kissy and Costner are headed to Baltimore on Monday.
When Whit was growing up, his mother would tell him that his father could have made it to the majors if he had just held out for a couple more years. Bill isn't so sure. As he watches his son in the big league, he stresses he has never lived through Whit. Maybe some wonder about that, he says, but it's never been about that. He just wanted to let his son chase his dream. And anyway, Bill says, his son is doing stuff he never could.
“I didn't love it like Whit loves it,” Bill says. “I did it because it paid me some decent money in Triple-A, and I was good at it. But I didn't love it. He loves it.”
So John Herdman threw his medal and I caught it. Is it like throwing a wedding bouquet? Am I next to be Canadian? pic.twitter.com/9b8ADeHvPt — Mercedes (@DuskySprngfield) February 22, 2016
A USWNT supporter got an unexpected souvenir while watching the 2016 CONCACAF Women's Olympic Qualifying tournament final: a silver medal. The medal came courtesy of Canadian coach John Herdman, who threw his medal into the stands shortly after it was awarded.
Herdman and Canada had just lost 2-0 to the United States in a match where they were once again outclassed by their rivals to the south. Both teams had already qualified for the Olympics after winning the respective semi-finals, but there was clearly plenty of pride still on the line.
"I don't play this game for medals... and not silver ones anyway," Herdman told media after the match.
According to media in attendance at his post game press conference Herdman was upset with what he thought was a missed opportunity for the team. His gameplan, trying to hold the United States before introducing his impact players late, ended up failing minutes before he was going to introducing his trio of substitutes.
Canada have not defeated the United States since 2001, and have been eliminated from the last two Olympic games at the hands of their southern rivals. Most notable was their 2012 Olympic semi-final in London, which they lost 4-3 to the Americans in controversial fashion.
Release time & The Alpha Keys & Applying to Stream Alpha
TheRightHand: Originally posted by
Nobody who is claiming they have keys, has keys. We have meticulously verified every person we've handed a key to, and have handed out none of the 500 or so that will be going out Monday.
Sorry to disappoint.
- The Right Hand.
TheRightHand: Originally posted by
- The Right Hand.
Drake: Originally posted by
Wildcard Jat: Originally posted by
ALPHA KEYS- you can still apply even now!@JakeHurst69 is the PR employee at Reverb sending out the streamer alpha emails for ARK. He tweeted that the remaining alpha access will be staggered and some portion of emails have been sent out, but that some will be sent out Tuesday for a second round of streaming.Check out his Twitter feed if you don't believe me, though you will have to dig through as he tweets back and forth a bit. https://twitter.com/JakeHurst69/with_replies Supposedly streamers begin receiving alpha keys 4 pm EST on Monday.You can still apply to stream the game... email jake@reverbinc.com It is not confirmed however if the email saying you have alpha access actually contain the keys yet or not, so people may know they have access but do not have a key yet in their possession.TheRightHand however has confirmed for us that separate from Reverb's streamer keys there are 1000 tester keys waiting to be given out still.RELEASE TIMEThis does however mean it is likely full EA release will be afternoon on Tuesday once the small time streamers have had a go.Dev quotes about when the game will be full EA to the public on Tuesday...Though it has also been stated that steamDB says the release is: 00:00:00 UTC = 6pm PST, 7pm CST, 8pm EST
Arctic Ice Minimum Earliest Since 1997
By Paul Homewood
http://nsidc.org/arcticseaicenews/
NSIDC seem pretty confident that Arctic sea ice extent has reached its minimum. According to them, it hit minimum on 11th September, but this is based on using the average of several days.
The actual minimum took place on 8th September:
ftp://sidads.colorado.edu/DATASETS/NOAA/G02135/north/daily/data/NH_seaice_extent_nrt.csv
This in fact is unusually early. Apart from 2011, when it also occurred on the 8th, no other year has hit bottom as early since 1997. This is an indication of just how cold conditions there are.
This year's extent is higher than 2007, 2011 and 2012. Perhaps NSIDC's headline should have read “4th Highest in the Last Nine Years”!
Of course, it is weather conditions that have most effect on ice extent at this time of year, as even NSIDC admit:
Research has shown that especially low September sea extent tends to occur in years when the summer atmospheric circulation over the central Arctic Ocean is dominated by high atmospheric pressure, or anticyclonic conditions. This is because anticyclonic conditions tend to bring relatively sunny and warm conditions, and a clockwise wind pattern promotes ice convergence, making for a more compact, and thus smaller ice cover. The best example of this pattern occurred during the summer of 2007, which had the second lowest September extent in the satellite record. Conversely, Septembers with high extent tend to occur when the atmospheric circulation over the central Arctic Ocean is more cyclonic (counterclockwise), meaning unusually low pressure at the surface. This pattern brings more clouds, lower temperatures, and winds that spread the ice over a larger area.
Viewed in this framework, the pattern of atmospheric circulation for summer 2015 as a whole (June through August) favored a low September extent. Sea level pressures were higher than average over the central Arctic Ocean, as well as over Greenland and the surrounding region. Pressures were below average over north-central Eurasia. This was associated with air temperatures at the 925 hPa level (about 3,000 feet above the surface) that were above average over much of the Arctic Ocean, especially along the coast of eastern Siberia, in the Laptev Sea, and the Canadian Arctic Archipelago extending to the pole. However, it was not nearly as favorable as the 2007 pattern, when the area of unusually high pressure was located further south and east (over the northern Beaufort Sea), and unusually low pressure extended along much of the coast of northern Eurasia. This led to a pattern of warm winds from the south over the East Siberian and Chukchi Seas, promoting strong melt and transport of ice away from the coast. For both 2015 and 2007, the summer pressure patterns led to winds directed down the Fram Strait, helping to transport ice out of the Arctic Ocean into the East Greenland Sea.
http://nsidc.org/arcticseaicenews/2015/09/2015_arctic-minimum/
Meanwhile, Peter Wadhams' ice free North Pole is there for all to see!
Advertisements
PC controller gets steamed up over Thomas 'the Sexist' Tank Engine
If you thought the television tales about Thomas the Tank Engine were merely light-hearted fun, think again.
In fact, they portray a world blighted by a 'conservative political ideology' and a rigid class system which stifles self-expression. And they are sexist.
That, at least, is the view of a female academic who took the trouble to analyse 23 episodes of the programme inspired by the books of the Rev W V Awdry.
'Demeaning to women': Thomas the Tank Engine stifles self expression and is sexist, according to a Professor
According to Professor Shauna Wilton, women are under-represented in the stories and what few female characters there are tended to have 'secondary' roles or be bossy.
What's more, she has warned that such negative messages about society subconsciously gleaned from the show might even drive its young fans off the rails in later life.
The learned professor was inspired to carry out her study after watching Thomas videos with her three-year-old daughter. While the child was enthralled, her mother was dismayed.
She was left feeling 'uncomfortable' by the way the colourful steam engines are punished if they show initiative or try to change their rank or role.
Her research also highlights the class divide, with Thomas and his fellow engines including Percy and James at the bottom of the social ladder and the Fat Controller, Sir Topham Hatt, at the top.
Any attempt by the downtrodden workers to show initiative or dissent is met with punishment, she found.
In one episode, for example, Thomas whistles impatiently at a police officer and is replaced with a different engine as a punishment for showing dissent.
Professor Wilton, from the department of political sciences at Alberta University, Canada, wants tighter controls on what is broadcast-to children.
She said: 'We tend to think of children's TV shows as neutral and safe, but they still carry messages.
'Eventually these children will attain full political citizenship, and the opinions and world outlook they develop now, partially influencedby shows like Thomas, are part of that process.'
Laura Midgley, of the Campaign Against Political Correctness, described the research as ' unbelievable nonsense'.
She said: 'I cannot believe anyone has the time and energy to do such a study. I'm surprised she hasn't singled out the Fat Controller as an example of fattism too.
President-elect Donald Trump is considering nominating former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani as his secretary of state. Here's why that could present challenges. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
President-elect Donald Trump is considering nominating former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani as his secretary of state. Here's why that could present challenges. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
President-elect Donald Trump's drama-ridden selection process for secretary of state has narrowed to four finalists, including 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, Trump aides said Wednesday.
It was the first time that Trump's transition team has publicly confirmed that Romney and Giuliani are competing for the highest ranking Cabinet position. Opponents of Romney have waged a remarkably public fight against him, saying the former Massachusetts governor should not get the nod because he attacked Trump in harsh personal terms during the presidential campaign and that Giuliani should be rewarded for his loyalty during the campaign.
Transition team officials would not name the other two finalists, but other leading candidates include retired Army Gen. David Petraeus — a former commanding general of the U.S. Central Command and CIA director — and Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
A fifth possible candidate is retired Marine Gen. John F. Kelly, former chief of U.S. Southern Command. Kelly, who clashed with the Obama administration over women serving in combat and plans to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay, is also a candidate for homeland security secretary and possibly other positions, people familiar with the selection process have said. Kelly is scheduled to meet with the president-elect Wednesday at Trump Tower.
Trump aides said there is no set timetable for making a final selection on the State Department and that the president-elect's decision will probably not be announced this week. Trump met with Romney on Tuesday night for a two-hour dinner at which the two men were seen laughing and munching on frog legs and other delicacies.
Afterward, Romney emerged and told reporters, “I had a wonderful evening with President-elect Trump.” That stood in stark contrast to the campaign, during which Romney had been one of Trump's leading detractors, labeling him a “con man,” a “fake” and a “phony” who was unprepared for the presidency.
Jason Miller, a senior Trump communications adviser, said Wednesday that Trump also “thought the dinner went very well” and that the two men had “good chemistry.'' He added that Trump and Romney “have not spent a significant amount of time together, so this is still the process of getting to know each other.''
[How the Trump-Romney divide began to heal]
The naming of finalists for the State Department post came as Trump appeared to be focusing on core economic issues in his emerging Cabinet, while he prepared to put aside his sprawling businesses.
Trump officially announced key members of his economic team, choosing former banker and Hollywood financier Steven Mnuchin as treasury secretary and billionaire industrialist Wilbur Ross to run the Commerce Department. As Ross's deputy, Trump turned to Chicago Cubs co-owner Todd Rickets, whose family members are powerful conservative donors.
“This team will be instrumental in implementing the President-elect's America First economic plan that will create more than 25 million jobs over the next decade,'' Trump's transition team said in statement.
House speaker Paul D. Ryan, who often clashed with Trump during the campaign but has been strongly supportive of the president-elect since his victory, praised his choices. “I am excited to get to work with this strong team to fix our broken tax code, ease the regulatory burden on American businesses, and grow our economy,'' Ryan (R-Wis.) said in a statement.
President-elect Donald Trump and Mitt Romney appear to be allies now, but that hasn't always been the case. Here's a look back at their turbulent relationship. (Deirdra O'Regan/The Washington Post)
But Mnuchin came under immediate attack from leading Democrats, with Sens. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) and Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) issuing a joint statement accusing Trump of hypocrisy. Trump, along with Sanders, had criticized Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for her close ties to Wall Street, especially Goldman Sachs, where Mnuchin worked for 17 years.
“During the campaign, Donald Trump told the American people that he was going to change Washington by taking on Wall Street,'' Sanders and Warren said. “Steve Mnuchin, is just another Wall Street insider. That is not the type of change that Donald Trump promised to bring to Washington.''
Amid the economic focus, Trump's advisers continued promoting his role in a deal with air-conditioning manufacturer Carrier, which has announced it would reverse plans to move one of its factories from Indiana to Mexico. The company, owned by United Technologies, said about 1,000 U.S. jobs would be preserved. Trump's promise to keep jobs in the United States and rebuild American manufacturing was a core part of his insurgent campaign.
“The Carrier deal, I think it's terrific,'' Mnuchin told reporters as he walked into Manhattan's Trump Tower on Wednesday morning to meet with his future boss. He said Trump and Vice President-elect Mike Pence had “picked up the phone and called the CEO of the United Technologies and told them we want to keep jobs here. Can't remember the last time a president did that.''
Trump and Pence will travel to Indianapolis on Thursday afternoon for the Carrier announcement, transition aides said Wednesday during a telephone briefing with reporters.
[Trump's announcement leaves many questions]
Details of the deal remained unclear, including the extent of Trump's personal involvement versus that of Pence or other officials, and whether any incentives were offered to keep the jobs in the state, where Pence is the governor.
Also uncertain were the specifics of how Trump, a longtime real estate developer with interests around the globe, planned to step away from overseeing his business. Trump tweeted Wednesday morning that he would soon leave the conglomerate.
“I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!” Trump wrote on Twitter, which has remained his favorite communication medium during the transition.
The announcement, seen as a response to increasingly voiced concerns about the potential conflicts of interest between Trump's public and private roles, marks a turn from his months-long refusal to distance himself from his private affairs while holding the nation's highest public office.
Trump's comments did little to convince critics such as Sen. Benjamin L. Cardin (D-Md.), who along with 23 colleagues introduced a resolution Tuesday calling on Trump to follow the precedents set by past presidents and hold his assets in a form guaranteeing no conflicts, such as a “blind trust.''
“I was encouraged to see the President-elect's initial response but the devil is in the details, which Mr. Trump was short on in his tweets,'' Cardin said. “The fact that his announcement will be done with his children at his side leaves many questions as to whether he and his lawyers understand the meaning of a blind trust.''
Trump did not say if the new arrangement would include a full sale of his stake or, as he has offered before, a ceding of company management to his children, which ethics advisers have said would not resolve worries that the business could still influence his decisions in the Oval Office.
Presidents are not bound by the strict conflict-of-interest laws governing most U.S. elected officials. But most modern presidents have agreed to sell or sequester their assets in a blind trust led by an independent manager with supreme control, in order to keep past business deals, investments and relationships from influencing their White House term.
Giving company management to his three eldest children — Donald Trump Jr., Eric and Ivanka — would still leave open the potential for Trump to make presidential decisions for their benefit. The children have already played a key part in Trump's governing preparations, serving on the transition team now selecting key appointees and sitting in on meetings with foreign heads of state.
Transition aides declined to provide details of Trump's plans for his business during Wednesday's briefing, saying the president-elect will provide them at his Dec. 15 news conference.
With Mnuchin, Ross and Ricketts, Trump's Cabinet nominations reward their loyalty and roles in his campaign. Both Mnuchin and Ross were financial contributors and advisers, while Ricketts's father financed a pro-Trump super PAC.
[Trump's big money men get Cabinet posts]
Mnuchin, an investor and former Goldman Sachs executive who joined Trump's campaign in May as finance chairman, has no government experience. But in his statement announcing Mnuchin's nomination, which is subject to Senate confirmation, Trump hailed the former private equity fund head as “a world-class financier, banker and businessman,'' who has “played a key role in developing our plan to build a dynamic, booming economy that will create millions of jobs.''
Ross is an investor known as the “king of bankruptcy” for buying beaten-down companies with the potential to deliver profits. He helped shape the Trump campaign's economic agenda, particularly its hard-line stance on the need to renegotiate or withdraw from free-trade agreements. That position resonated with the working-class voters who were instrumental in delivering Trump's upset victory.
Trump said that Ross, whose nomination is also subject to Senate confirmation, “is a champion of American manufacturing and knows how to help companies succeed. Most importantly, he is one of the greatest negotiators I have ever met.''
The two expressed confidence in the incoming administration's ability to boost economic growth as high as 4 percent a year.
Crucial to that projection would be passage of Trump's proposed overhaul of the tax code, including streamlining individual tax rates into three brackets and reducing the corporate tax rate to 15 percent. Independent research groups have estimated the plan could cost as much as $6 trillion over the next decade. However, that analysis does not include the potential economic benefits the tax cuts could generate.
Trump's new team spread out to give a sales pitch on Wednesday for his economic vision. In a joint interview with Ross on CNBC's “Squawk Box,” Mnuchin said reforming the nation's tax code would be Trump's top priority and promised significant tax breaks for the middle class but no absolute cut for high-income households.
[Trump's economic team promises tax cut, faster GDP growth]
And at Trump Tower, Mnuchin told reporters that the new administration's “number one priority is going to be the economy, get back to 3 to 4 percent growth. We believe that's very sustainable.''
Asked how they would achieve Trump's promise to persuade U.S. companies to bring back massive amounts of cash they have stockpiled overseas because of what they see as high corporate taxes, Mnuchin said, “Well our first priority is going to be the tax plan and the tax plan has both the corporate aspects to it, lowering corporate taxes so we make U.S. companies the most competitive in the world.''
He added, without elaboration, that Trump will ensure that “we repatriate trillions of dollars back to the United States.''
Drew Harwell, Ylan Mui and Jim Tankersley contributed to this report.
Trump said his supporters at the rally "caused no problem."
ADVERTISEMENT
"They were taunted, they were harassed by these other people — by the way, some represented Bernie, our communist friend," Trump said, drawing loud boos from the Dayton, Ohio, crowd.
"With Bernie, he should really get up and say to his people, 'stop, stop.' Not me."
Secret Service agents rushed onstage to protect Trump late in his speech when it appeared that someone was attempting to rush the stage.
"I was ready for him, but it's much easier if the cops do it," he said after the situation died down.
Trump slammed his critics who said that he should take responsibility for the unrest at his rallies and tell his supporters to be nicer.
"My people are nice, folks. My people are great,” he said.
Trump also blamed President Obama for dividing Americans along racial and partisan lines, and encouraged people to come together.
"We have got to change our thinking. Yeah and if there's a group out there, just throw them the hell out," he said, pivoting as he noticed a group of protesters at the rally.
"We cannot let our First Amendment rights be taken away from us folks," he continued after the crowd jeered at the protesters.
Trump was forced to cancel a rally in Chicago on Friday night when massive demonstrations caused violent scuffles between his supporters and protesters.
He has been widely criticized for a string of violent incidents at his rallies. In the last week, a protester was sucker-punched by a Trump supporter and a reporter claimed that she was forcefully grabbed by his campaign manager.
After he canceled the Chicago rally, Trump told Fox News that he didn't think the protests were against him but rather a "demonstration against economic conditions." He also blamed President Obama for being a "divider."
On Saturday, Trump showed no signs of easing up on his rhetoric. He retold a story about a general who executed 49 Muslim prisoners by having them shot with bullets dipped in pig's blood. According to Trump's story, a 50th prisoner was spared in order to relate the incident to his comrades.
“He went back and said what just happened, and for 28 years there was no terrorism. So I'm not saying that's a good thing, I'm not saying that's a bad thing,” Trump said.
"This is history, folks. We're either going to win or lose. We can't continue to go the way we're going right now.”
The story was revealed to be a hoax according to several fact-checking websites.
Trump also set his sights on John Kasich during the speech, hoping to challenge the Ohio governor's popularity in his home state.
The front-runner slammed Kasich for supporting NAFTA, a free-trade agreement implemented in the 1990s, and for his work at Lehman Brothers, which Trump called a "Wall Street predator."
He also said that Kasich is “not the right guy” for the White House.
“He's not tough enough. He's not sharp enough,” Trump said. “He's very weak on illegal immigration. He's totally in favor of amnesty, which you can never be in favor of. He wants amnesty, he wants it always.”
- Updated at 1:05 p.m.
Lt. Robert Sung, 50, and Detective Yatyu Yam, 37, are accused of intervening on several occasions when drug-using clubgoers, including at this Northern Boulevard karaoke bar, were arrested by fellow officers at the nightclubs they were protecting, according to court documents and sources. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Katie Honan
QUEENS — Nearly two dozen NYPD officers are under investigation as a result of the recent arrest of a lieutenant and a detective involved in a protection racket for karaoke clubs and bar owners in Flushing, DNAinfo New York has learned.
Two captains, three lieutenants, three sergeants, three detectives and 12 police officers are now under a cloud in the aftermath of a two-year investigation that ended in December with the arrest of Lt. Robert Sung and Detective Yatyu Yam of the 109th Precinct, according to confidential NYPD documents obtained by DNAinfo's “On the Inside.”
READ MORE: NYPD Officers Took Bribes to Protect Karaoke Bars From Police Raids: DA
The internal records include the names, photos and possible violations of department or criminal regulations each of 23 officers may have committed, but provide few specifics.
Sources say some allegations come from Yam, 35, who was arrested by Internal Affairs Bureau investigators and prosecutors from the Queens District Attorney's Office, and taken to a secret location in a hotel where he was debriefed over two days.
The strongest evidence, however, was captured on recordings and surveillance tapes that shows Sung and Yam convincing fellow officers not to raid the clubs they were protecting or to free customers being handcuffed for using drugs there.
Sources say that instead of listening to Sung and Yam, the officers should have notified IAB or their supervisors about possible corruption, as is required by NYPD policies.
The most serious allegations involve: a captain who allegedly “associated with a narcotics user;" a lieutenant who hung out “with a known criminal;” a sergeant and a detective who allegedly “misused department computers;” and a sergeant, a detective and an officer who allegedly took a bribe, according to the documents.
Others are suspected of failing to take police action or report possible wrongdoing to higher-ups or Internal Affairs.
DNAinfo New York is withholding the officers' names because they have yet to be charged with any offense. Many have already been grilled by IAB and deny any wrongdoing, sources say.
Court documents, however, show at least one officer was secretly recording his colleagues and cooperating with investigators during the criminal probe.
So far, about a half-dozen officers have already been stripped of their badges and guns and placed on modified duty.
An NYPD spokesman, citing an "ongoing investigation," declined to discuss the case.
According to the confidential IAB report, more than a dozen of the officers — including several detectives — worked at the 109th Precinct during the two-year criminal probe of Sung and Yam.
Three of those officers were transferred to commands in Manhattan, The Bronx, and Brooklyn just a week ago in a continuing shakeup of 109th Precinct personnel.
Yam, a 10-year NYPD veteran, was allegedly in cahoots with the owners of as many as eight popular karaoke bars in Flushing, and was so close to the owner of two nightspots that the owner was invited to backyard barbecues at the detective's home, where he gave Yam a monthly $2,000 payoff for protecting his karaoke clubs.
In all, Yam allegedly collected tens of thousands of dollars in payoffs tipping off owners about possible raids and for ordering fellow cops to free suspects they grabbed during raids that he could not prevent, court documents allege.
"At least for now,” one source told "On the Inside," it is likely any future charges will be leveled departmentally by the NYPD, although additional arrests cannot be ruled out because "this appears to be the tip of an iceberg of what's been going on."
Meanwhile, Sung, who is 50 with more than 20 years in the department, was terminated by the NYPD for refusing to be interrogated by Internal Affairs Bureau while under suspension.
His lawyer, Marvyn Kornberg, would say only that Sung “was not fired over any charges involved in the criminal case.” Sung faces up to seven years in prison, however, if convicted of taking bribes.
Yam's lawyer, Jeffrey Lichtman, said he is “attempting to work out (the case) and hopes to resolve the matter amicably."
by
By Rebecca Whisnant
On the cover of a porn DVD, a young white woman clad only in skimpy underpants kneels and smiles coyly over her shoulder at the camera. Her name is Jamie, we're told. In her hand is a glass containing a milky substance. The tagline reads “Watch hot sluts drink spooge out of their asses!” The copy on the back cover gleefully clarifies the mechanics: “Nut in her butt and watch her push it out and swallow!” The film is entitled “Anal Cumsumption #4.”
What has happened to this woman, to Jamie? Many things, no doubt, but prominent among them is that she has been humiliated. But what does that mean?
In ordinary conversation, the concept is often used interchangeably with that of embarrassment. “I was so humiliated,” one says, “when my child had a tantrum at the grocery store,” or “when I realized I'd had spinach in my teeth during my presentation.” The notion of unwelcome public exposure is central to both concepts.
The distinctive core of the concept of humiliation, however, is captured in its dictionary definition. According to the Oxford English Dictionary, to humiliate is “to make low or humble in position, condition, or feeling.” The term's etymological root is the Latin humilis, meaning low. Merriam-Webster echoes this emphasis: “to reduce to a lower position in one's own eyes or others' eyes: mortify.” Jamie has indeed been made low—in others' eyes, at least, and very likely in her own. This in turn illuminates the OED's second definition for humiliate: “to lower or depress the dignity or self-respect of.”
This latter theme looms large in philosophical discussions. As Daniel Statman observes, “Humiliation is seen as first and foremost an injury to the dignity of its victims, an injury usually described in figurative language: in humiliation, one ‘is stripped of one's dignity', one is ‘robbed of' dignity, or simply ‘loses' it.” Avishai Margalit, who makes non-humiliation the centerpiece of his concept of a “decent society,” defines humiliation as “any sort of behavior or condition that constitutes a sound reason for a person to consider his or her self-respect injured.”
That much will have to do for now, definition-wise. You'll also have to take my word that the “Anal Cumsumption” example is not an outlier—that in fact, the humiliation of women is a virtual constant in contemporary mainstream pornography. Here a woman crawls on hands and knees; there a penis is shoved in her mouth sideways, distending the face, so that she looks ridiculous; and everywhere, she intones “I'm such a filthy little whore.” Over 40% of the best-selling porn titles analyzed in a recent study contained “ass to mouth” scenes, in which a man removes his penis from a woman's anus and puts it directly, without cleaning, into her mouth or the mouth of another woman. A more total humiliation is difficult to conceive.
So what? Why does this matter? It matters, first of all, for the women who perform in pornography. What is the impact of humiliating performance on those from whom such performance is extracted?
When the Abu Ghraib scandal broke in 2004, many noted that, while some of the Iraqi prisoners were physically harmed, the horror of the abuse lay at least equally in their humiliation. Men were made to crawl on the floor wearing leashes, to wear panties on their heads, to masturbate for the camera, to have other men urinate in their mouths, to climb naked onto a pyramid, all so that pictures could be taken and passed around and crowed over.​
Many survivors of torture, in fact, report that the worst element was not the pain but the humiliation. Pain ends, but one remains haunted by the image of oneself exposed, soiled, splayed, begging, in abject passivity and shame. Indeed, David Luban points out that humiliation is central to the evil of pain itself—in general, and especially when the pain is humanly inflicted and watched by others: “acute pain is itself degrading because it collapses our world and reduces us to mere prisoners of our bodies. . . . when it happens in front of spectators, the experience is doubly shameful and humiliating.” The humiliation tactics used against War on Terror detainees, he observes, “were ‘Ego Down' and ‘Futility' tactics—the Army's names for tactics designed to break the detainees by making them feel worthless and filling them with despair.” It should not surprise us, then, that (again according to Luban), “a recent medical study found absolutely no difference between the traumatic psychological after-effects of physical torture and humiliation.”
So in some contexts, we recognize easily that being humiliated is terrible and traumatic—indeed, a violation of human rights. What, then, of humiliation in pornography? Oh, we say, well, that's totally different you see . . . because unlike the Abu Ghraib prisoners, the women in porn are consenting, and that makes it all better. See, here is the form where she signed on the dotted line, all grown up at 19 or 21. Big girl, knows what she's doing, next topic.
But this gets it exactly wrong, missing just what is so destructive about humiliation in pornography. The presence of consent does not make the humiliation here better; it makes it worse—not worse all things considered, but worse in a particular and important respect.
If anything, consent exacerbates the shame for the woman herself. Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain: what we see in the picture or film is not that this low and dirty thing was done to her, but that she did it. The pornography thus purports to reveal some essential truth about her, not about someone else's wrongdoing.
Think back to Jamie: No one else is in the frame, handing her the glass of ejaculate or encouraging her to drink it, let alone making her do so. She drinks ejaculate out of her own rectum all on her own, apparently, because that's just the kind of girl she is.
And what kind of girl is that? What are we left to think of Jamie and all the others like her who populate this multi-billion dollar “empire of images”?
The women's consent—whether actual or merely apparent—leaves us grasping for explanations. The most readily available such explanations make it seem that the women are not really being degraded after all, but simply treated in ways congruent with their own nature and will.
These women humiliate themselves willingly—perhaps because they place little value on their own personal dignity, or perhaps because they are too stupid even to realize that they're being insulted and degraded. Almost certainly, they are economically desperate (in a culture that sees such desperation, especially in women, as an occasion for contempt rather than empathy and help). Take your pick, mix and match: at the end of the day, they are just whores, and we all know what whores deserve.
We cringe at the Abu Ghraib images because in them we see people who have personal dignity to take away, who are being wrongfully “brought low.” By contrast, Jamie, for instance, is not being “brought low”—she just IS low. We can tell, because she does it all willingly. She reaches for the glass of ejaculate, she smiles, she guzzles. What would degrade others does not degrade her; rather it simply reflects and gratifies her nature. She is not a human being, she is only a woman.
In discussions about pornography, well-meaning people often aver that, however distasteful it may be, we must accept pornography so long as it depicts only “consenting adults.” That is, the absence of consent is assumed to demarcate the boundaries of the harmful and unacceptable. My brief analysis here, however, points to the damaging poverty of this approach. Images of women accepting and even welcoming their own debasement and humiliation are profoundly destructive, not only for the particular women so depicted, but for women generally. After all, pornography purports to reveal the down-and-dirty truth, not about men, or capitalism, or patriarchy, but about women—who we are and what we are for. And like all propaganda, it uses individuals as stand-ins for entire targeted groups.
Thus, at the level of ideology, Jamie is not just a woman, but Woman. In the world of pornography, and in the world pornography has helped to make, Jamie's willing humiliation shows that she has no human dignity to lose, that she is only a woman after all.
Sources
Bridges, Ana et. al., “Aggression and Sexual Behavior in Best-Selling Pornography Videos: A Content Analysis Update.” Violence Against Women 16:10, 2010.
Luban, David. “Human dignity, humiliation, and torture.” Kennedy Institute of Ethics Journal 19:3, 2009.
Margalit, Avishai. The decent society. Harvard University Press, 1998.
Statman, Daniel. “Humiliation, dignity, and self-respect.”
Philosophical Psychology 13:4, 2000.
Aretha Franklin, “Respect.”
Coming Sunday: Trish Oliver says Fight for your Beloved, and Lierre Keith on the Girls and the Grasses.
Back To Home Page
Advertisements
U.S. Marine Gunnery Sgt. Emir Hazdic was a Muslim refugee.
“The way Americans welcomed us made such a huge impression on me that I felt like I owed something back,” said Hazdic, a Bosnian-Muslim who fled Sarajevo in 1995. Shortly after arriving in the United States, Hazdic joined the Marine Corps as an infantryman - hoping to help peacekeepers deploying to his homeland.
“I thought I would sign up and pay my debt and on behalf of my family,” he added.
Eight deployments later and still in the Marine Corps, Hazdic has become disturbed by the rising anti-Muslim sentiment in this country after the recent Islamic State attacks in Paris and last week's San Bernardino shootings. GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump, a candidate Hazdic used to support, has called for barring Muslims from entering the United States.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Charlotte Observer
“We used to be a balanced people. We used to be true to our values, but now we're willing to betray our values because of a sense of fear? That's not American,” said Hazdic. “What the hell happened to that America I immigrated to?”
Many American Muslims say they are living through a difficult time in this country. For the Muslims who are former and current service members, the prejudice and anti-Muslim rhetoric is particularly painful. Those interviewed for this story said that hateful comments have driven a wedge between them and the country they swore to defend.
There are roughly 5,900 U.S. service members who self-identify as Muslims - just 0.27 percent of both active and reserve components of the military. In many units, they number in the single digits and often find themselves acting as representatives for the religion in their platoons, answering basic questions about the tenets of Islam.
Now they are finding a climate that is significantly worse than anything they experienced after the Sept. 11th, 2001, attacks.
“The rhetoric is definitely different, it's very alarming,” said Cpl. Ibrahim Hashi, a Marine who left the service in 2011 and now attends American University in Washington. “And I'm concerned for myself and my family's safety.”
It's a very real tangible hate that exists. And knowing that hate is out there, I don't know if I'd do it again or not. Cpl. Ibrahim Hashi
Hashi said he has seen anti-Muslim postings on Facebook - often on informal military-themed pages set up by current and former service members. He recently saw a meme that read, “The only good Muslim is a dead Muslim.”
He said he has tried to confront friends and former comrades who post hateful things about Muslims. Their response, according to Hashi: “Aw, man we're not talking about you, you're good. We're talking about those Muslims.”
“I tell them you can't cut me out of my own community and say that I'm the good one,” said Hashi, who deployed once to Afghanistan and twice to Iraq. “It's sad. I've had to cut people out of my life, people I consider friends, because I'm not going to accept it. I value myself. I have self-worth.”
According to Shadi Hamid, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institute, the spike in anti-Islamic sentiment is inextricably linked to the presence of the Islamic State, an organization that “provokes a greater level of fear,” than other extremist groups such as al-Qaida. In addition, Hamid thinks that President Obama's stance on how the Islamic State “has nothing to do with Islam” has provoked a hard-line response from Republican politicians.
“It would be different if there was a Republican president who would be able to push that message and own it,” Hamid said. “Some people are re-discovering their appreciation for certain aspects of the Bush presidency, because he was unequivocal on the question of terrorism being different and separate and to make careful distinctions.”
For Hazdic, the Bosnian immigrant, the suggestion from Trump that Muslims need to carry special ID cards is unmistakably similar to what he heard as a child in Bosnia in the early 1990s, when Serbs started rounding up Muslims with orders to wear white arm bands so they could be identified by their religion.
“That's what's scary with (the) things that he's saying,” Hazdic said. “I know how things work when you start whipping up mistrust between your neighbors and friends . . . I've seen them turn on each other.”
Some Muslim veterans have spoken out on social media. Tayyib Trashid, a former Marine, tweeted out a photo of his military ID card after Trump said Muslims should carry special cards.
“Hey @realDonaldTrump, I'm an American Muslim and I already carry a special ID badge. Where's yours? #SemperFi #USMC pic.twitter.com/QSf2O9PTi2”
Army Capt. Nadi Kassim said he sees today's rhetoric as “un-American” and has watched his country's descent into a renewed Islamophobia from a distance. Stationed in Germany and in charge of 120 men and women, he thinks the current climate is profoundly against his Army values.
“It doesn't represent what the military represents when it comes to equality,” Kassim said. “It's not okay to discriminate, and it's not okay to be racially biased, and that's coming from someone who is Muslim and has decided to serve his country, which anybody can do.”
Kassim, a 2010 West Point graduate and a son of two Palestinian refugees, has had an Army career that has been “100 percent positive” as a Muslim, and currently serves with a diverse command team that runs a headquarters unit under the 2nd Calvary Regiment.
Former Marine Cpl. Mansoor Sham said the anti-Muslim rhetoric especially dishonors the memories of the American Muslims who have died in uniform.
“Every time that (anti-Islamic) comments are made we're pretty much doing a disservice to them, we're not honoring them,” said Sham, a Pakistani American who left Karachi when he was 6 and joined the Marine Corps in 2000. “They're people that have died for this country, and we're bashing their faith around all the time.”
Sham watched the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks unfold from his duty station in North Carolina, and in the days following the attacks was asked to teach Marines about his religion. As a newly minted Marine lance corporal who worked in administration, Sham stood up in front of hundreds of his comrades in Camp Lejeune, North Carolina's main theater and taught the five pillars of Islam.
We used to be a balanced people. We used to be true to our values, but now we're willing to betray our values because of a sense of fear? That's not American. U.S. Marine Gunnery Sgt. Emir Hazdic
During his five-year enlistment, Hashi said in his platoon, “it was nothing but love.” His religion didn't matter, he recalled, and the only flak he ever really received - often jokingly - was for his last name. Hashi, he explained, sounds a lot like a derogatory term often used by U.S. service members for Iraqis and Afghans.
But after seeing such visceral reactions and condemnations toward his religion on fellow veterans' and Marines' Facebook pages, it has made him think twice about joining if he were to sign up today.
“It's a very real tangible hate that exists,” Hashi said. “And knowing that hate is out there, I don't know if I'd do it again or not.”
I'm definitely going to see the movie now.
THR released the following images of January Jones (Emma Frost) from the X-Men: First Class movie.
Hey, THR! How about releasing some larger pics! ;)
X-Men: First Class: “Charts the epic beginning of the X-Men saga, and reveals a secret history of famous global events. Before mutants had revealed themselves to the world, and before Charles Xavier and Erik Lensherr took the names Professor X and Magneto, they were two young men discovering their powers for the first time. Not archenemies, they were instead at first the closest of friends, working together with other Mutants (some familiar, some new), to stop Armageddon. In the process, a grave rift between them opened, which began the eternal war between Magneto's Brotherhood and Professor X's X-Men.”
X-Men: First Class opens June 3rd, 2011 and is directed by Matthew Vaughn and produced by Bryan Singer.
Last October, Missouri became the third state to require a three-day abortion delay. Dr Colleen McNicholas, who works at the state's only remaining abortion clinic in St Louis, describes what the new laws have meant for American women
Whenever Dr Colleen McNicholas pulls into the parking lot of Planned Parenthood, the last abortion clinic in Missouri, she makes a sharp turn into the empty spot closest to the gate.
“I try to park here every time, so that patients don't have to,” she says.
A few feet away, just beyond the black metal fence that surrounds the lot, a half dozen anti-abortion protesters are gathered with signs imploring women to “Stop! Save your baby” and to “Smile, your mom chose life.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dr Colleen McNicholas. Photograph: Whitney Curtis for the Guardian
A slim woman in a baseball cap hands out pamphlets for an “abortion alternatives” facility five blocks down the road.
McNicholas, a 34-year-old obstetrician-gynecologist and clinical researcher at Washington University of St Louis, has been providing abortion services at the city's Planned Parenthood for four years. She waves hello to the protesters as she walks by.
Missouri women have long faced obstacles to accessing abortion, McNicholas says, making her way through the parking lot and into the boxy, brown Planned Parenthood building, where she is waved through metal detectors at the front door. The protesters are merely the most visible.
One in five women drives more than 100 miles round trip to get an abortion at the St Louis clinic, according to internal figures. Since 2009, they have had to make the trip twice – once for state-mandated counseling and an ultrasound and then again, 24 hours later, for the procedure itself.
Last October, in a move that grabbed national attention, Missouri lawmakers tripled the length of time women must wait in between those visits – from 24 hours to 72. The law has created new financial and logistical challenges, especially for low-income women and those coming from outside the city.
“What many women would do before is drive here and maybe stay with a friend, or maybe they could afford a hotel for one night, and then have the procedure the next day,” McNicholas says. “Well that's really no longer feasible, because they can't take four days off work and they don't have the money to pay for three nights of hotels.”
As more states pass longer waiting periods and require multiple clinic visits, similar calculations are being made by women across the US.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Planned Parenthood of the St Louis region is the only abortion provider in the state of Missouri. Photograph: Whitney Curtis for the Guardian
When Missouri enacted its new waiting period law last fall, it became only the third state to require a 72-hour delay, joining Utah and South Dakota. (The law has no exceptions for cases of rape, incest or fetal anomaly.) Since then, two other states followed its lead and others are playing catch-up.
In the first five and a half months of 2015, 14 states introduced abortion waiting-period legislation – either proposing or extending delays. Five of those bills have been enacted into law, more than in any previous year, according to the Guttmacher Institute, a reproductive rights thinktank based in Washington DC.
Oklahoma and North Carolina also extended their abortion waiting periods from 24 hours to 72. Unlike Missouri, however, these states don't require an in-person visit for counseling. Instead, counseling materials can be delivered by mail or consent given by phone to initiate the wait – a less onerous arrangement for women.
Tennessee and Arkansas each enacted a 48-hour waiting period with mandatory in-person counseling. Florida, the country's third most populous state, enacted a 24-hour in-person delay. The ACLU of Florida and the Center for Reproductive Rights are fighting to stop that law from going into effect.
When the new laws go into effect, 28 states will have abortion waiting periods on the books. Fifteen of those laws will require women to make two trips to a clinic.
Legislators backing these laws say the intent is to give women time – or, in Missouri's case, more time – to think about their decision.
“It's an opportunity … to say, ‘Wait a minute, I don't want to do that. I want to give a child a chance for life,'” Missouri representative Jeanie Riddle said in September. The Guardian contacted three of the co-sponsors of the Missouri bill. None provided comment by the publication of this article.
But opponents say such arguments belittle women's decision-making abilities.
“No woman comes to the decision to have an abortion without having thought about it ahead of time,” said Kelli Garcia, senior counsel at the National Women's Law Center. “By the time a woman decides to call and make an appointment, she's made her decision. She has consulted friends or family – the people she trusts who are going to help her make that decision.”
A 2013 study by the Texas Policy Evaluation Project, surveyed 318 women seeking abortion services in the state. It found that Texas's 24-hour waiting period and counseling law, which requires women to make two trips to a clinic, did little to change their minds.
Ninety-two percent of the women reported feeling “sure of their decision or that abortion was a better choice for them” when they made their appointment. After receiving counseling and an ultrasound, that number remained unchanged.
The Texas study did, however, find that the law levied an emotional and financial toll on women. “The extra visit is burdensome for some women and adds additional cost to the procedure,” the authors concluded.
In states with few abortion providers, where women must travel to access care – like Texas or Missouri – costs add up. Women coming from out of town must pay for gas, lodging and, often, childcare for each trip they make. (Nationwide, the majority of women who have abortions already have children.) In Missouri, they must then pay out-of-pocket for the procedure too, because state law bans insurance from covering abortion.
Longer waiting periods only exacerbate these financial obstacles to abortion access. They also require women to spend more time away from family and other support structures.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Abortion opponents protest outside Planned Parenthood in St Louis. Photograph: Whitney Curtis for the Guardian
More than 3,100 women have had abortions at the Planned Parenthood in St Louis since the 72-hour waiting period went into effect last October, according to internal numbers.
That's about 200 fewer procedures than in the same period last year, but the decrease is in line with with a downward trend in abortions in the state since 2008, the clinic says.
“Many women are still coming to us, but they're jumping through more hoops and spending more money on the way,'' McNicholas says, sitting in a brightly decorated conference room on the third floor of Planned Parenthood.
Because they often can't afford to take time off work and stay in St Louis, patients who travel from out of town more often choose to go back home between visits. They “save up a little more money and little more time off work” before coming back, McNicholas says. That can mean they have the procedure “a little bit later”.
A longer delay might mean the difference between being able to get a medication abortion and no longer being eligible. In the extreme, the delay may also force women up against another state law: the 22-week abortion ban. In that case, they would need to travel out of state to get the procedure.
Soon before Missouri's extended wait period took effect, McNicholas saw two patients late in their second trimester, she recounts. Both women were pregnant by choice, but had been recently informed that their fetuses had severe abnormalities.
Because a three-day delay would have pushed them past 22 weeks, McNicholas would have been barred from providing their care.
“For those patients, the law becomes more than a burden, it's a true elimination of the possibility to have an abortion,” she says.
NEW DELHI: A special court in Delhi on Saturday awarded three-year jail term to former Jharkhand CM Madhu Koda and ex-coal secretary H C Gupta in a coal scam case.Besides the jail term, the special court also imposed a fine of Rs 25 lakh on Koda and Rs one lakh on Gupta.Former Jharkhand chief secretary A K Basu and Vijay Joshi, a close aide of the then chief minister, were also awarded jail term of three years for indulging in corrupt practices and hatching criminal conspiracy in allocation of Rajhara North coal block in Jharkhand to a Kolkata-based private company, Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd (VISUL).Special judge Bharat Parashar convicted the private firm and imposed a fine of Rs 50 lakh on it.The convicts including Koda, however, were granted statutory bail for a period of two months to enable them to file appeals in the Delhi High Court challenging the conviction and the jail term.The convicts were tried for offences under sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy) read with 420 (cheating) and 409 (criminal breach of trust by public servants) of the IPC and under provisions of Prevention of Corruption Act.The CBI had said that the firm had applied for allocation of Rajhara North coal block on January 8, 2007.It had said although the Jharkhand government and steel ministry did not recommend VISUL's case for coal block allocation, the 36th Screening Committee recommended the block to the accused firm.The CBI had said that Gupta, who was chairman of the screening committee, had concealed facts from the then prime minister Manmohan Singh, who at that time headed the Coal Ministry too, that Jharkhand had not recommended VISUL for allocation of a coal block.(With inputs from agencies)
If you're a fan of automotive personality Matt Farah and/or his show, “The Smoking Tire”, you probably know that Matt recently bought a 1996 Lexus LS400 with 897,000 documented miles on the clock. That's right. Do not adjust your television. That's nearly a million.
You might also know that “The Driver”, Alex Roy, and I took the Lexus from Long Beach to Texas and beyond, finally coming to a halt in my hometown of Powell, Ohio. If you're really up to speed on the adventures of the Million Mile Lexus, you know that it's currently in the hands of Jalopnik contributor “Tavarish”, who drove it from Upper Arlington, Ohio to New York.
Take a minute and read the above paragraph again. I drove it to Powell; Tavarish drove it from Upper Arlington. And thereby hangs a tale.
My new friend “Tavarish” is well-known on Jalopnik for writing articles on used cars that manage to combine honest advice, shameless clickbaiting, and hurricane-force trollin' in neatly-wrapped little packages. He's a big fan of paying cash for old cars and being personally able to fix your own car no matter what, kind of like the TTAC reader whose response to Bark's article on subprime buyers was to straight-facedly suggest that a working father swap his own minivan transmission in his apartment parking lot. If you check out Tavarish's stuff, there's a lot of “DID YOU KNOW THAT YOU CAN GET AN S65 AMG FOR THE PRICE OF A FORD FIESTA?” and whatnot.
Prior to meeting the guy I thought he was engaged in some elaborate Exit-Through-The-Gift-Shop hoax at the expense of the notoriously stupid Jalopnik commentariat. I mean, nobody really thinks it's a good idea for someone with a $15,000 car budget to spend that money on a Maserati, right? Having worked on a few different sides of the car business for nearly a decade in my misspent youth, I believe that I have a thorough understanding of why people buy the cars they do — and I believe that the market is remarkably efficient when it comes to pricing used cars. Nearly-new Civics often sell for close to their original dealer invoice price because the risk of purchasing one is exceptionally low.
A Mercedes S65 AMG, on the other hand, can be had for one-tenth of the original MSRP because owning one past the warranty is an invitation to enter a Boschian nightmare — and I mean Robert Bosch, not Hieronymus Bosch. The number of ways in which you can spend fifteen or twenty grand in parts on one of those cars has to be experienced to be believed. Hell, even my R107 560SL, which should have been about as thoroughly debugged as a car design could possibly be, was chock-full of stuff that was NLA (no longer available) from dealers or the aftermarket but RFN (remarkably fucking necessary) to the vehicle's satisfactory operation.
For that reason, I consider Tavarish's “Hey College Students! You Should Consider A Six-Cylinder Jaguar XJR As A Right-Priced Alternative To A Honda Ruckus 50” articles to be simply invitations to spend a pleasant evening strolling through eBay Motors. They're fun to read, and they're fun to write. They're also a good way for him to demonstrate his talent to the audience. As many a would-be famous auto-blogger has found out, it's tough to consistently churn out new content about cars if you don't have much access to new cars. Most of the people who try to break into the business have enough personal experience for about five worthwhile articles. Maybe ten. After that you're either making up stories about how you (insert ridiculous story here, leavened with enough self-deprecation to make it vaguely believable) or you're second-guessing billion-dollar corporations on the strength of no education or business experience other than watching your helicopter dad bail out your West Coast lemonade stand. Compared to that stuff, telling people they can own a LaForza for the price of an '06 CR-V is relatively harmless and entertaining.
Nonetheless, when I saw the steam exiting the LS400's left headlamp on State Route 315 last Saturday morning, I permitted a slight smile of satisfaction to appear on my lips. This would be a chance for Tavarish to eat his own dog food, so to speak. I'd been on my way to Tim Horton's when the Million Mile Lexus decided to experience a temporary interruption in Toyota reliability. This was doubly ironic because I'd just driven the thing across the country, right into the teeth of a major Southwestern winter storm, without any mechanical issues besides an increasing reluctance on the part of the transmission to shift properly and a slug trail of oil drips stretching some 2,190 miles. I considered the trip a bit of a vindication of the Tavarish philosophy, actually. The Lexus has been serviced correctly since new, and Matt spent about $1,500 on preventative maintenance prior to my departure. A V-8 Toyota with all the stamps in the service book and a solid check-out by a respected mechanic? Every know-it-all on the Internet will tell you that such a car is as good as — nay, better than — a leased 2015 Ford Focus.
And so it had proven to be, right up to that moment. I pulled off the freeway and fancy-parked in an apartment complex. My breath froze in the air as I indulged in the time-honored masculine ritual of popping the hood and taking a look. Oh. Upper radiator hose popped off. Not a problem. That's twenty bucks and ten minutes. Wait… there's something in the hose. Oh, that's the plastic tube to which the hose attached, fragmented and roasted.
It might have been possible to emergency-fix it by Dremeling the remaining part of the tube on the radiator smooth then reattaching the hose, but I knew that Tavarish would be driving it to New York and I didn't want him to do it on a jury-rigged radiator. So I called home to get a ride, and I called Advance Auto Parts. Upper hose, lower hose (for good measure) and a new radiator for a Lexus LS400, plus a gallon of full-strength coolant? Just $197.56, and it would be available within five hours.
Come Sunday morning, I picked Tavarish and his friend Al up at the bus station. We grabbed my Craftsman tool set and went to work. The two of them had the radiator swapped in less than an hour. It was no trouble whatsoever, even in twenty-degree winter weather. Nine hours later, they were safe and sound in New York. Clearly, this was further proof of the Tavarish philosophy, right? You pay cash for a well-maintained used car, and when problems come up you fix them yourself, and situations like this are only a minor bump in the road of financially-savvy used-car ownership.
Except.
There's such a thing as “privilege”. If you read the Gawker sites you'll hear about it all the time. Privilege is what allows rich white cisgender straight men to do whatever they want in this world while everybody else takes it in the shorts. Metaphorically speaking, of course. Normally I consider the use of the word “privilege” in a conversation to be the brilliant peacock plumage that identifies a third-rate pseudo-intellectual from ten paces away, but in the Case Of The Million-Mile Lexus And Its Low-Stress Repair, there was a whole lotta privilege goin' on. Let's recap my experience and point it out:
I was on the way to see a friend when the radiator blew up. I wasn't traveling to my second McJob where I'd be fired for being late. I don't have jobs where you get fired for not punching a clock on time. Therefore, this didn't affect my livelihood. Privilege!
My son wasn't in the car with me, because I don't have to take the risk of driving him around in a crappy old car. We use my Accord or my 993. The former is nearly new, the latter is in outstanding repair and has low mileage. However, were this not the case, I'd have been placed in a situation where my five-year-old boy would have been exposed to fifteen-degree temps, maybe by the side of a dark freeway somewhere. In reality, he was at home, playing Minecraft on his iPad. Privilege!
I was able to immediately call home and get a ride, because the other person living in my house doesn't work weekends and has an expensive SUV that is available at a moment's notice. Were I a single mother, I'd have been forced to call around until I found someone who had the time and ability to get me, while my children froze. Privilege!
Because I live in a decent neighborhood and drive in safe areas, I didn't have to worry that my car would be towed or broken into while it was waiting for parts. Privilege!
I was able to put two hundred bucks on a credit card without planning in any way for this eventuality or taking the money out of my food budget. Had it been two thousand, I'd have been fine. Had it been twenty thousand… well, I'd have lit a match and burned Matt's Lexus to the ground. But the important point was that I was financially capable of getting whatever parts the car needed. In the America of 2015, very few families can say the same. Privilege!
Tavarish and his friend are both skilled mechanics. They have an understanding of auto repair that cost them money and time and effort to acquire. Al, in fact, was a former Lamborghini tech. What's that training worth? Do most poor people have it? Of course not, so they'd have had to pay to have the car towed ($100 at least) to a mechanic and have two billable hours put in (~$170 in Ohio, more elsewhere), raising the price of the repair to nearly five hundred bucks. Not us! We just fixed it, because we knew how. Also, I had a $400 toolbox available. Privilege!
The three of us had the time and the inclination to handle it. We weren't responsible for children or parents or animals or anything, really. If it had taken all day… well, it would have taken all day, and nobody would have been any the worse off for it. Privilege!
Last but not least, I had the ability to just let the car sit. I didn't need it for anything. It wasn't the way I was going to make my rent money that month, it wasn't the way I was going to get my child to the hospital. It was just a car that I was driving for fun. And that's the biggest kind of Privilege! I can imagine.
On the Internet, everybody has a six-figure savings account and a seven-figure retirement account. Everybody pays cash for everything while simultaneously dumping massive amounts of money into investments. They're all the Millionaires Next Door and they know more about money and investing and prudent decision-making than Warren Buffet and Sam Walton combined. In the real world, people are victimized by everything from economic downturns to poor decisions they made when they were too young to know any better. In the real world, most families are just getting by and the rainy-day money they've saved rarely measures up to the endless tide of rainy days.
For those families, a new-car payment is a burden — but it's one they can predict and live with. It sucks to “throw away” $300 or $400 every month, but it's never a surprise and in exchange they have freedom from surprises. They have freedom from the surprise of losing two days of work or being stuck with their children by the side of a fifteen-degree freeway all night or having to diagnose mechanical issues using a cellphone flash and whatever conventional wisdom their parents bothered to impart when they weren't off doing their own thing. They know that every month they are exchanging a fixed sum of money for certainty and reliability.
Viewed from one perspective, this incident absolutely validated the cash-for-used-car-and-learn-to-fix-it mentality. Viewed from another perspective, it was a damning indictment of a philosophy that requires plenty of time and flexibility to make work. To own and run a million-mile Lexus, or any other car where the maintenance and repair is your sole responsibility, requires that you have time to deal with the breakdowns, resources to cover the gaps in your life when problems occur, and the ability to pay for and install anything from a radiator to a differential. Which means, when you think about it, that a million-mile Lexus is something that it perhaps wasn't quite when it hit the showroom back in 1996.
It's a luxury car.
Photo: Anya Berkut/Getty Images/iStockphoto
Doing yoga and dropping acid used to be countercultural pastimes, but now the medical Establishment has taken a turn toward mind expansion: It seems like every month there's a new study coming out about how hallucinogens deflate anxiety and depression. A Johns Hopkins study last year found that psilocybin helped people who had been smoking a pack a day for decades quit at double the success rate of the best pharmaceutical treatments. “Our data does indicate that stronger mystical experiences are associated with success,” lead author Matthew Johnson told Science of Us. “Such experiences tend to reframe life priorities, with pure pleasure-seeking dropping, and other aspects increasing (family, connection, higher principles).” At the core of these psychedelic journeys is what neuroscientists call ego dissolution, or “a reduction in the self-referential awareness that defines normal waking consciousness.” One 2016 paper found that “classical” hallucinogens like LSD and psilocybin are the most promoting of the state, and that's evidently a good thing; separate research has found that lifetime classical psychedelic use correlated with less psychological distress and suicidal thinking compared to a control group.
Contemplative practices have similar, albeit substance-free, effects. Harvard Medical School associate professor Sat Bir Singh Khalsa told me that the ultimate fruit of yoga is “unitive experience,” where the chatty voice in your head goes away and you feel at one with the divine, the universe, or whatever you call the place we live. Indeed, he pointed me to a study of ashram residents who described their mystical yogi times as like being on LSD, but without the feeling of being out of control. Similarly, brain scans indicate that meditators in the midst of transcendence have reduced activity in the parietal lobe, an area of the brain associated with perceiving objects in space, which may drive the felt experience of becoming one with your environs.
While there's still tons more work to be done on the subject, in talking with researchers, it seems like the reason ego dissolution is healthy stems from the way these experiences rejigger the way you relate to reality. Even after the altered state is gone, your perspective has been altered.
Last year, Enzo Tagliazucchi, a postdoc at the Netherlands Institute for Neuroscience, co-led a brain-imaging study in Current Biology on LSD-induced ego dissolution, and found that the state was associated with increased connectivity between several brain areas. In explaining to me why that dissolution might be therapeutically helpful, he said that the entire psychedelic experience — even the challenging parts — has a way of “extracting the patient from his or her usual patterns of thought and contemplat[ing] upon them from a vantage point,” he explained over email. The dissolution itself seemed to play a direct role in the case of anxiety in terminal cancer patients, he added. It's a catalyst for epiphany. “In a typical ego-dissolution experience, the user feels the boundaries between his or her body and the rest of the universe dissolve, and becomes ‘one' with the surroundings,” he added. “This might lead to feelings of transcendence or permanence in the patients, making them realize that even after their death they will still be part of something ‘larger.'”
That's consonant with the Johns Hopkins findings on smoking cessation: There were only significant correlations between reductions in cotinine, a metabolite of nicotine, and personal meaning, as well as “mystical-type psilocybin effects,” where users rated themselves as having “acute feelings of unity, sacredness, a noetic quality.” The last of which, not coincidentally, is one of the qualities by which William James defined mysticism in The Varieties of Religious Experience, arguing that for the experiencer, the mystical state is also a state of knowledge. “They are states of insight into depths of truth unplumbed by the discursive intellect,” he wrote. “They are illuminations, revelations, full of significance and importance, all inarticulate though they remain; and as a rule they carry with them a curious sense of authority for aftertime.” In a braiding of these threads, Johns Hopkins is recruiting rabbis, roshis, and priests to feed them psilocybin and see what kind of religious experiences they have.
There's also reason to believe that you don't need to embrace your inner mystic in order to have these effects.
Abraham Maslow, the inventor of the so-called hierarchy of needs and coiner of the term positive psychology, studied what he called “peak experiences,” or “moments of the highest happiness and fulfillment,” and maintained that they were available to everybody. In a 1968 television interview, the famed psychologist said that he found everyday Americans describing “peak experiences” like they were contemplatively trained monks or nuns. He went into the research thinking they happened to “one saint every century” or so, but his subjects spoke of hiking mountains, listening to music, and playing sports like they were Saint Theresa or Meister Eckhart. In attempting to generalize, he said these were experiences of perfection. In athletics, for instance: “A young man breaking through with a ball into an open field, and then running down the field and reporting in the same words that ancient mystics had used,” he said. “This was a seventeen year old boy.” Or, in a completely different direction, a woman in childbirth reporting ecstasies.
The peak experience is similar to the psychological construct of flow, or the sense of being completely absorbed in whatever it is you're doing, according Scott Barry Kaufman, scientific director of the Imagination Institute at the University of Pennsylvania. In both cases, your sense of self melts into the task, whether it's shaping a sculpture, talking with your beloved, or staring up at the stars. Rather than having self-referential, evaluative thoughts about being good, smart, or attractive enough, your attention is completely invested. Absorption begets dissolution. “Peak experiences shake us out of our ordinary concerns and points our attention toward something higher, perhaps greater versions of ourselves and others,” he explained. “As to why it can be long-lasting, well, sometimes peak experiences come along with a realization of a purpose, or higher meaning for one's life.” Whether you're camped out in a Himalayan cave or dancing in a Bushwick warehouse, the effects can last. Just ask Maslow: “If you see the world, in the peak experience, in a more pure form, this can be remembered,” he said in the 1968 interview. “Some people do remember, some people don't remember. People that do remember tend to be changed, just as the ancient mystics reported.”
Getty Turns out, people like their Apple Watches — at least more than people like smartwatches from Samsung and Sony.
According to a new survey by J.D. Power, people who buy the Apple Watch are more satisfied with it than people who buy other kinds of smartwatches.
J.D. Power calls the Apple Watch "among the best" and watches from Samsung, Sony, Fitbit, and LG "the rest."
The survey polled nearly 2,700 people who bought a smartwatch in the past year on usability questions such as comfort, battery life, durability, and customer service.
The survey also revealed some issues with all smartwatches, such as the battery not lasting long enough, and difficulty customizing them.
Apple just revealed a major update to its Apple Watch software that will roll out to devices this fall, when Apple is expected to launch a new Apple Watch model. The Apple Watch first went on sale in April 2015.
Apple Watch sales currently blow away any other kind of smartwatch, with 46% of the market.
Here's the chart:
The Food and Drug Administration rejected petitions to the White House for mandatory labeling of genetically modified organisms. The move was welcomed by agricultural groups who said it allows science to dictate what is on consumer packaging.
“FDA's rejection of the petition is a strong reaffirmation of the sound science policy underlying FDA's approval process. Only products found to be safe for human or animal use should be approved. And if they are approved as safe, there is no basis for mandatory labeling," said National Milk Producers Federation president and chief executive officer Jim Mulhern.
Bob Stallman, president of the American Farm Bureau Federation, called it a victory for consumers and farmers alike. Stallman said the petition rejection, as well as FDA's stamp of approval on a genetically engineered salmon is a “milestone for expanding farmers' and ranchers' ability to produce nutritious food critical to a healthy diet.” The salmon is engineered to mature quicker which is said to reduce its environmental impact and uses less feed before reaching the market.
Stallman noted, “Farmers and ranchers are producing more with fewer resources, without sacrificing nutrition or compromising food quality and safety. The administration sees this, and so does the nation's leading authority on food safety.”
American Soybean Assn. president and Texas farmer Wade Cowan said the petition rejection is an indication that the discussion on biotechnology in the consumer marketplace is moving according to science, rather than misconception.
“We have consistently said that explicit labeling should be reserved for health or safety concerns, and science has time and time again proven that these concerns don't apply to GMOs,” added Cowan. “Slapping a warning label on the front of a food product when no such warning is warranted will only serve to steer people away from the safe and affordable food they need to feed their families. The White House has chosen science over rhetoric today, and we applaud them for it.”
Cowan further suggested that the news creates the momentum needed to get labeling legislation that would prevent a patchwork of mandatory state labeling laws passed in the Senate prior to the holiday recess at the end of the year.
“Winter is coming,” Cowan said. “The Senate has the ability in the coming weeks to establish a path forward on labeling that is based in science and doesn't stigmatize a safe and proven technology, but at the same time provides consumers with the information they want. We encourage Senators to keep moving forward with their work.”
Sen. Pat Roberts (R., Kan.) said the Senate continues to work on a solution which recognizes unintended consequences that come with mandatory labeling but also provides consumers more information.
Reports indicate Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D., Mich.) is working on a bipartisan proposal that may even be included in the end of the year omnibus which would require food companies put an on-package QR-code which consumers would scan to find out additional information about the food. But if food companies don't include the extra information by a certain date, the federal preemption would sunset.
“No agreement on a path forward has been reached. Senator Stabenow believes that for any solution to pass the Senate, it must establish a national system of required disclosure that would ensure consumers get the information they want about their food, while also solving the problem of a 50-state patchwork of regulations,” a spokesman for Stabenow said.
The Cabinet has approved a revamped Gender Recognition Bill after the so-called “forced divorce” clause in the original draft legislation was dropped following the same-sex marriage referendum.
The Bill was first published in December 2014 when same-sex marriage was constitutionally prohibited. It therefore meant married people who transitioned would effectively be required to divorce in order to have their new gender recognised.
Tánaiste Joan Burton secured Cabinet agreement on Wednesday to delete the provision in the Bill requiring applicants for gender recognition to be single.
Minister for Public Expenditure and Reform Brendan Howlin, speaking on his way into Government Buildings earlier, said people struggling to have their true gender recognised endure “torture” and the Government was seeking to “relieve that pain”.
“It's a social issue that needs to be addressed. People trapped from birth in the wrong gender identity it must be a torture, I can only imagine the torture that that would provide for people,” Mr Howlin said.
“A fair-minded Government and a fair-minded people would seek to relieve that pain.”
The Bill is also being amended after consultation with the medical profession.
The requirement will be removed for a supporting statement from a psychiatrist or endocrinologist or that an applicant is transitioning or has transitioned to the applicant's preferred gender.
The Bill will adopt a “self-declaration approach”, giving formal legal recognition to the preferred gender of transgender people through the issuing of a gender recognition certificate by the Department of Social Protection.
This will mean that the person's preferred gender will be fully recognised by the State for all purposes, including in dealings with public bodies.
A new birth certificate can be issued to show the preferred gender and new name, if the person changes their name.
The Bill will provide for applications for gender recognition from 16 and 17 year olds. In such cases, a Court process will be required involving supporting medical statements before an application for a gender recognition certificate can be made.
According to the Department of Social Welfare: “The Bill contains these safeguards in order to balance the rights of such applicants with the need to protect their interests at a potentially vulnerable age.”
From the Brookings Institute:
Gun violence in major U.S. cities is massively underreported Jennifer L. Doleac | April 27, 2016 9:00am … In a new working paper, Jillian Carr and I use data from a technology called ShotSpotter to present new evidence on the underreporting of gun violence. ShotSpotter uses audio sensors to detect and triangulate the location of gunfire incidents. Because it doesn't depend on victims, witnesses, or police to report shots fired, it provides a more complete and accurate picture of gun violence in communities across the country than do other crime data sources. We combine ShotSpotter data from Washington, D.C., and Oakland, CA, with the next-best data available on gun violence from those cities: reported crime data and 911 calls. Using individual gunfire incidents as initial events, we estimate the likelihood that each incident results in a 911 call or crime report. Few gunfire incidents in Washington D.C. and Oakland result in a 911 call It turns out that the reporting of gunfire incidents is extremely low. Based on data from January 2011 through June 2013 in D.C., only 22 percent of gunfire results in a 911 call, which could include calls for an ambulance.
The map of Washington D.C. above shows all the gunshots recorded by ShotSpotter on 12/31/2012. The red and orange dots indicate gunshots that weren't called into 9/11.
Obviously, New Year's Eve knuckleheadedness (firing guns into the air as well as heavy drinking) contributes to this particular map.
It would be interesting to know for year-round what fraction of unreported gunshots are due to:
1. ShotSpotter error (firecrackers, car backfires, random errors)
2. Unintentional discharge of weapon (dropping a loaded gun, kids playing with gun, etc.)
3. Celebratory firing into the air
4. Target practice, shooting television Elvis-style, etc.
5. Attempted murder that the intended victim doesn't want to report for affection for shooter (e.g., wife tries to shoot husband she catches in flagrante)
6. Attempted murder that the intended victim doesn't want to report for fear of the shooter
7. Attempted murder that the intended victim doesn't want to report for fear of arrest for whatever it is that inspired the shooter
8. Shootings intended to intimidate (e.g., a drive-by shooting where an enemy's windows are shot out with little attempt to hit anybody inside).
The last three overlapping categories might be particularly abundant. L.A. Times homicide reporter Jill Leovy's book Ghettoside reported:
Palestinian boys ride a horse cart past the remains of houses that witnesses said were destoyed by Israeli shelling in Operation Protective Edge, in Gaza City on January 4, 2015.
About 100 reserve officers and dozens of reserve combat solders and noncommissioned officers in the Israel Defense Forces have signed a letter asking Chief of Staff Lt. Gen. Benny Gantz to halt criminal investigations of the conduct of soldiers and officers during the military operation in the Gaza Strip this summer.
The letter was the initiative of the nonprofit organization Consensus, Warriors for Warriors. It argues that “investigations regarding judgment under fire or when life is at risk must be conducted by commanders” and not by the Military Police or the Military Advocate General Corps.
Military Advocate General Maj. Gen. Danny Efroni has ordered investigations into 13 “exceptional incidents that allegedly occurred during Operation Protective Edge,” according to the MAG Corps website.
They include five alleged incidents of looting by soldiers, two alleged incidents in which ambulance drivers were killed, and two alleged incidents of Palestinian noncombatants being used as “human shields.”
One incident under investigation is the July 24 Israeli air strike of a UN Relief and Works Agency school in Beit Hanun, in the northern Gaza Strip in which 15 civilians were killed, according to Palestinian reports. Hundreds of internal refugees were using the school as a shelter at the time.
Investigations have been ordered into a July 16 air strike that allegedly killed four Palestinian children on the beach in near Gaza City and a July 20 air strike on the home of the Abu Jama family in Khan Yunis, in which 27 civilians allegedly died.
Also being investigated is an incident in which a woman was shot to death in the area of Dahaniyeh, despite her presence in the area having apparently been coordinated with the IDF.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Most of the investigations were ordered in the wake of preliminary examinations by a General Staff Mechanism for Fact-Finding Assessments, headed by Maj. Gen. Noam Tibon and including six teams of experts.
“It is intolerable to contemplate such a pattern of behavior that threatens the spirit of the fighters, the strength of the IDF and confidence in its commanders,” the letter said, hinting at a possible criminal investigation into the events of “Black Friday” (battles in Rafah, in the southern Gaza Strip, on August 1, in which three soldiers and at least 130 Palestinians were killed in Israeli efforts to thwart the abduction of an officer).
Speaking last week, Gantz said the IDF's soldiers and officers receive “full command-level support and if someone deviated and committed serious and forbidden acts, we will deal with that, too. We will investigate, and where necessary we will complete the process with [criminal] investigations.”
About
Beer Run is a lighthearted reality television travel show that takes viewers on journeys by foot via road races through interesting cities with strong local food and beer cultures. This project is planned to be shot in New Orleans in March at the Crescent City Classic road race and surrounding French Quarter gastropubs and bars. Subsequent episodes could be shot in cities around the world.
Check out my practice run through Durham, North Carolina and a few of its beer joints in the video above or at the following link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FAo5u2StAQ .
The show will appeal to the broad audiences of runners (approx. 40 Million Americans) and beer drinkers (#1 consumed alcoholic beverage). There is a longstanding relationship between distance running and beer consumption, as evidenced by post-race keg parties and various "drinking clubs with running problems" found around the world. Recent research strongly suggests that alcohol consumption and physical activity are positively correlated, which implies that the total percentage of runners who drink beer is large.
With your help, Beer Run can be a unique vehicle through which interesting cities and their road races, craft beers, and foods can be explored and brought to audiences everywhere.
The card will allow families and workers access to free food supplied by hotels and supermarkets in a bid to cut down on food waste while helping the needy.
DUBAI // Residents welcomed the announcement that a food bank card will be issued to needy people so they can access food free of charge.
Last month, the country's first food bank was launched in Dubai so low-income families and labourers can take advantage of food donated by hotels and supermarkets. Part of the Year of Giving, the food bank will help to provide for the less fortunate while reducing food waste.
“It's a great initiative and issuing supply cards will streamline the process and the authorities can also take into account how many people are benefiting from the project,” said Rizwan Fancy, an official at Pakistan ­Association Dubai.
Sultan Al Shehi, the manager of Preservation of Grace, an Emirates Red Crescent initiative to spread awareness about the virtues of grace and giving, announced the launch of the Food Bank card this week.
He said that work would continue on the technology to preserve foods for a year in healthy and safe ways.
It is not yet known how people will be able to apply for the card nor how it will operate.
A British woman who ran a “sharing fridge” last year during Ramadan hopes the Food Bank will have the desired impact.
“I honestly think anything to support feeding the poor and needy should be supported. Every little helps,” said Alison Wade, a 43-year-old financial consultant who organised a regular supply of food to more than 350 workers a day last year during Ramadan in her community, Jumeirah Village Triangle.
“The labourers and gardeners were extremely grateful for their iftar packs. There is so much food waste in Dubai, it's a fantastic idea to give to the hungry and less fortunate.”
Ms Wade was part of the fridge initiative begun by an Australian expatriate last year that set up sharing fridges across Dubai. More than 5,000 people registered with the group on Facebook to participate in the campaign, aimed at giving excess food to blue-collar workers.
Ms Wade, who will have a fridge for workers again this Ramadan, said that it is often challenging to keep it full.
“I used to get a lot of support from neighbours, but with the huge demand, my fridge used to get empty in just a few hours and I had to rush again to the supermarket or ask neighbours to get more,” she said.
One Dubai resident hopes the food bank card can be easily obtained. He is the sole breadwinner for a family of six and said he had lost his job in January and has had to settle for work earning half as much as he used to.
“The job does not suit my work profile and pays almost half what I used to get in my previous job. All the money goes to rent, bills, school fees and medicines,” the 40-year-old Indian said.
“I hope I will be able to get the food bank card without any hassle.”
A Kenyan cleaner at a company in Dubai said the food bank was an initiative that could benefit her because her son – who is in her homeland – is unwell, so she has been sending home every penny she can spare.
“Hopefully when the food banks are fully operational across the country, no one will sleep with empty stomachs,” the 30-year-old said.
“Hopefully, when I have the card, I won't have to worry about my food at least.”
Mr Al Shehi said that the number of beneficiaries from the Preservation of Grace project last year was 776,012.
“In the current year, about 600,000 meals have been distributed. This included 10 tonnes of meat, 80 tonnes of vegetables and fruit, two tonnes of dates, 30,000 litres of juices and milk, five tonnes of food supplies, 10,000 bundles of bread and 1,600 food packages.
“In addition to distributing full clothing packages for 1,500 families within the country, 35 tonnes were also distributed to the needy outside the country,” he said.
akhaishgi@thenational.ae
Yesterday the Fair Minimum Wage Act, legislation that would have raised federal minimum wage from $7.25 to $10.10, was blocked by a Republican-led filibuster in the U.S. Senate. While many are focused on the partisan politicking surrounding this bill, more attention must be given to the grave impact low wages have on communities of color.
First and foremost, it is important to juxtapose today's cost of living with the salary of a full-time minimum wage earner.
A person working full-time under the current federal standard of minimum wage makes $15,080 a year, a number that is $4000 below the federal poverty line for a family of three, and fails to meet the estimated cost of living for one individual in most states. For example, a minimum wage earner in Indianapolis, Indiana , one of 21 states that maintain the federal minimum wage, makes $3,119 short of sustaining oneself, and $20,148 short of sustaining a family of three. (Take a look here and see if you could live on minimum wage in your state.)
The current minimum wage is inadequate, that much is clear. But, by looking beyond the impact of our federal minimum wage on individuals and their families, we see that the wage standard also has systemic consequences, most notably its disproportionate effect on people of color. For instance, African-Americans, Asians and Hispanics constitute 42 percent of minimum wageworkers, while representing only 32 percent of the U.S. workforce .
By earning dismal minimum wage salaries in higher numbers, communities of color continue to be cut out of fundamental opportunities for equality. People of color make up a majority of those living below the poverty level, while the median wealth of white households remains twenty times that of Black homes and 18 times that of Hispanic homes.
This severe wealth inequality directly limits minority access to quality education, transportation and affordable housing, while perpetuating the disproportionately high number of people of color involved in the criminal justice system.
While the ACLU Racial Justice Program continues to work toward improving the many economic injustices people of color face — by holding Morgan Stanley accountable for orchestrating predatory loans prior to the 2008 financial crisis and investigating debtors ' prisons that have led to the incarceration of poor people unable to pay criminal justice debts — a federal minimum wage raise by Congress has the potential to lessen racial wealth inequality as a whole.
Structures of racial oppression and inequality share a long and troubling history in the U.S. However, raising the federal minimum wage, an effort that would lift six million workers above the federal poverty line — 60 percent of whom are people of color — presents a powerful opportunity for the U.S. to take a step toward dismantling these structures and addressing the systemic inequality of opportunity faced by communities of color.
Lamy has introduced its 2017 limited edition color for its extremely popular Lamy Safari pen collection, the Lamy Safari Petrol. Combined with the new 2017 Lamy Al-Star Pacific Blue pen collection, which is available for sale today at Pen Chalet, Lamy continues updating its blue line of pens for 2017 with the Petrol color.
The Lamy Safari Petrol is a conglomeration of colors, which can be labeled as a combination of blue, grey, green, but is labeled as Dark Teal. Even after the exceptional popularity of 2016's Lamy Safari Dark Lilac collection, we fully expect 2017's Lamy Petrol collection to match if not exceed Dark Lilac in popularity. Petrol is a deep, dark blue green color that is unlike anything really on the market today. The Lamy Safari Petrol pen comes with a black clip and black nib (for the fountain pen), which combined with the dark teal color really is impressive.
Lamy Safari pens are well known and instantly recognizable the world over for its unique shape, distinctive clip and ergonomic grip section. Combined with the reasonable price and super German manufactured nib makes the Lamy Safari one of the most loved collections in the fine writing community. The Lamy Safari pen collection is made of ABS plastic for its barrel and cap section and is available in a fountain pen, rollerball pen and “click” ballpoint pen options.
As with all its limited edition Safari and Al-Star collections, Lamy has also introduced a matching Petrol ink color for this 2017 addition to the Safari family, available in both a Lamy Petrol 50 ml. bottle ink and a Lamy Petrol cartridge 5 packs. We expect this pen to move quickly, when it's released in April of 2017, however, you can pre-order your new Lamy Safari Petrol pen today at Pen Chalet and get one from our first shipment when we receive them. We fully expect this collection to sell out, as we think the new Lamy Safari Petrol color is fantastically unique.
The Lamy Safari Petrol collection retails as follows: The Lamy Petrol fountain pen costs $37.00, and comes in a medium, fine and extra fine black nibs. The Lamy Petrol rollerball pen costs $32.00 and the Lamy Petrol ballpoint pen costs $27.00, with the inks costing $10.50 and $4.50 respectively for the bottle and cartridge versions. Pen Chalet offers a daily discount on all its Lamy products for 20% off full retail prices.
One of the best things about the Lamy Safari and Al-Star pens is that you can easily nib swap your Lamy Safari pen with a stainless steel nib in any size including broad, and 1.1, 1.5 or 1.9 italic nibs. As a reminder, the Lamy Safari collection does come with one cartridge, but no converter, so be sure to pick up a Lamy LZ24 converter that fits the Lamy Safari collection with your order so that you can use your favorite bottled ink with your new pen.
Lastly, if you have not seen the new 2017 Lamy Al-Star Pacific Blue collection, which has an anodized aluminum body instead of plastic, please check out that pen as well.
I haven't checked yet myself, but I assume that CNN is now officially off the air after being shut-down in abject scandal, right? This must be the case because notorious conservative activist James O'Keefe teased yesterday that this morning he was releasing, just in time for CPAC, hundreds of hours a damning audio which was secretly recorded from their newsroom.
This was going to be big. Real big. So big that it had already had its own hashtag #CNNLeaks (you know, just like #WikiLeaks!). And since O'Keefe would never create a misimpression simply because it would get him more attention (and the monetary contributions which usually come with that), obviously this had to be the real deal.
Except it wasn't. In fact, it wasn't even close. In a rational world, it was a career-threatening embarrassment.
This morning, O'Keefe held a “press conference” (more like a small right-wing media circle jerk) in a CPAC hotel room where he released a prepackaged video about how awful the news media is. Within this short video there are a couple of minutes of rather innocuous audio clips from 2009 where the most damaging thing said is a from a mid-level CNN staffer being critical of their competitor Fox News. Some of the audio, if interpreted properly, actually shows CNN staff acting in a perfectly professional manner, totally consistent with basic journalistic ethics.
In short, O'Keefe's big revelations came up smaller than Donald Trump's pinky fingers. He would have been much better off if he had announced that he had discovered that Wolf Blitzer is actually a human being who has never even played football, and that Jake Tapper doesn't even own proper dancing shoes.
It is exceedingly obvious that O'Keefe knows that his gun for this stunt is empty and that he prepared for the inevitable let down with a headline making distraction. He is offering $10,000 to anyone who can provide REAL evidence of news media malfeasance (hey James, Donald Trump is our president, where can I collect?). This seems to be an obvious stunt (one which seems to have its origins in something Andrew Breitbart borrowed from me) that in this situation inherently admits that he doesn't yet have real evidence of any such nefariousness.
But you see, O'Keefe has an excuse. He just hasn't had the time or the man power to go through all these very old CNN tapes, but he just knows that there are bombshells in there. As Trump might say, “Believe me!”
So, let me get this straight, he has hundreds of hours of tapes and creates a summary video for a CPAC-timed press conference which he decides to hype beforehand and he doesn't even know what's in the vast majority of the tapes?! How did he choose what to put in the video? Were those clips just the first thing which hit him from the portion of the batch to which he randomly listened?
If you know the modern media-attention game, it was clear yesterday that O'Keefe had nothing. You see, if you have something really great and have the ability to get it out there in a significant way (which O'Keefe, especially now in the era of Trump) there is no reason to pre-hype the material. You only do that if you know what you have is weak and won't be able to stand on its own. Ironically, I learned this from O'Keefe's one-time mentor Andrew Breitbart because I could always tell that whenever he “pre-hyped” something it was mostly bullcrap.
Making it even most obvious that this was a stunt was the fact that it was timed for the start of CPAC. O'Keefe is scheduled to speak there. If he really had a “bombshell” revelation about CNN, he would drop it then, live on stage, without needing to tease the public about it beforehand. But he couldn't do this during his speech because the reaction would have mostly been: “Huh?!”
For the record, last night on Twitter I expressed this skepticism about what O'Keefe had planned for today:
Those breathlessly waiting for #CNNleaks …when you have ability to get a story big play, the only reason to prehype is it isn't that great — John Ziegler (@Zigmanfreud) February 23, 2017
The reality is that O'Keefe knows that the new King and his cult-like following hate CNN. He has some old tapes which could have revealed something interesting/important about them, but didn't. So he, much like Trump himself has done in the past, manipulated the media by using the specter of past successes in taking down liberal organizations to pretend that he was on the verge of, as Matt Drudge likes to hype him, “striking again” (sure enough, the Drudge Report, as of this writing, has as its main headline, a face-saving story on O'Keefe's meaningless “bounty” on the media).
All of this gave O'Keefe the currency of his business model, attention and credibility, all without a single relevant revelation which will have any impact on CNN at all (though I have no doubt that #CNNLeaks will be used as a hashtag by Trump cultists whenever CNN does a, probably true, story that they don't like, as a way to lamely claim that the entire outlet has been “discredited” as “fake news”). The only one who should lose credibility here is O'Keefe, but that won't happen because feeding a cult sweet little stunts is currently the most fire-proof business model in the modern media.
The irony here is that I like a lot of what O'Keefe does (while we are a lot alike and have communicated a few times, we have never worked together) and whole-heartedly agree with him about the basic nature of our incompetent and corrupt news media. My biggest problem with him has been that he tends to oversell what he found and pushes the envelope a little too far when it comes to his tactics. This episode particularly bothers me because he appears to be manipulating his naïve followers in a way which hurts the overall cause and benefits no one but himself (just like Trump does!).
Perhaps the next time O'Keefe cries wolf (blitzer), everyone should just wait until we actually see what he has before reporting on it. After all, isn't O'Keefe asking for the news media to practice credible journalism?
— —
John Ziegler hosts a weekly podcast focusing on news media issues and is a documentary filmmaker. You can follow him on Twitter at @ZigManFreud or email him at johnz@mediaite.com
— —
This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author.
The Boston Marathon bombing has already demonstrated the best and the worst of America for all the world to see.
First, let's talk about the best. When the bombs detonated, despite the shock and the horror of the blown-off legs and arms, and the blood on street and sidewalk, and without knowing what else might be coming, ordinary citizens jumped into action to try and help the gravely wounded and the dying. Average people with no experience in this kind of mayhem stepped up without hesitation to care for strangers, applying tourniquets, carrying people who couldn't walk to hospital tents, or just holding a hand and calling for help.
People pored over their cellphone photo records and camera files, looking for photos that could help identify the killers. Without their volunteer actions, the police and federal agencies would have had no clue who they were looking for. With them, it was quick work pinpointing and identifying the two men who appear to have placed the two bombs.
Later, while police failed to catch one of the brothers suspected of having been a bomber, despite placing all of metropolitan Boston under a kind of martial law, it was a citizen who, after the so-called “lock-down” of the city had been lifted, spotted the suspect and alerted police.
Now for the worst.
Let's start with the martial law. Okay, it wasn't a declaration, but with police and the Mayor ordering everyone in Boston and its suburbs to stay inside and lock their doors, “answering only to police,” it was virtually the same thing.
Cops, FBI, ATF and DEA agents were everywhere, and the streets were being patrolled too by National Guard troops and armored personnel carriers equipped with machine guns — this in pursuit of a single wounded 19-year-old on the run on foot! Talk about overkill. We're lucky that police in this amped up man-hunt didn't gun down anyone who might have been unaware of the “stay-inside” order, or who decided he or she needed a beer or an ice-cream and ventured outside. Look what the LAPD did to the Latina mother and daughter newspaper delivery team when they thought the pick-up they were driving was the truck of the rogue cop they were hunting — peppering it from behind without warning with over a hundred shots from pistols and automatic rifles. (As it is, the several cops who responded to the 911 call about a man hiding in a boat nearly blew away the chance to question him about his motive by mindlessly blasting away at him though he was pinned down inside the boat, until a federal agent ordered them to quit firing.)
The argument that the lock-down might have spared people from being shot by the fleeing Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is absurd. Considered armed and dangerous, he might, instead of slipping inside a canvas-covered boat, have broken into a home and taken a family hostage. In fact, arguably had people been out and about, Tsarnaev would probably never have managed to escape unnoticed on foot from the 20-block perimeter police had established around the scene of the initial shootout in Watertown. People would have noticed him wounded and running. Instead, they were all huddled inside their locked homes.
Worse is the precedent that was just set. Now when police have a “situation” anywhere in the country, it's a good bet they'll adopt the new Boston model as the option of choice, “locking down” (note that this is a prison term used to describe the tactic of locking all prisoners in their cells during disturbances — a pretty unsavory concept to apply to a community in a supposedly free society) whole towns or cities to give police a free hand.
Because Bostonians had been suitably frightened by the breathless coverage of the manhunt for the Tsarnaev brothers, people were, at least for the relatively short time the “lock-down” was in effect, willing to obey orders and stay inside, but had Dzhokhar not been found so quickly, and had authorities decided to extend the de facto martial law, it would have been illuminating to see how police would have responded to those people who did get tired of being cooped up and decided to go outside and run some errands, or go visit friends. Would they have been harassed? Probably. Arrested and taken in? Maybe. There were reports of people who stuck their heads out of doors being “yelled at” by police and “ordered” back inside.
And then we have the federal government's response since Tsarnaev's capture. The White House and Justice Department have announced that he will not be read his Miranda warning, which tells those who are arrested for a crime that they have the right not to answer questions from police, and the right to an attorney. Miranda warnings, the Supreme Court has long ruled, are an important part of upholding the intent of the Fifth Amendment which protects everyone in this country against being compelled to testify against themselves — one of the main grievances that led the colonists to fight to throw off British rule.
President Obama, by secret executive order two years ago, gutted that protection, saying that it would be okay to ignore the Miranda warning in the case of suspected terrorists. Will the seriously injured Tsarnaev be subjected to torture to get him to tell police whether he had any confederates beside his dead brother? We don't know. The government has reserved the right to use coercive measures against alleged “terrorists” (even though experts have warned that statements obtained under torture are notoriously unreliable).
Note that the gutting of the Miranda rule for terrorists was not a court ruling. Nor was it a change in the Constitution. It was simply a presidential executive order. It and countless others are secret; we only know about that one because it was leaked.
We don't know that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is a terrorist, unless you are of the view that any whack-job who kills a bunch of people is a terrorist. As far as we know, he was no different from Jared Lee Loughner, the guy who fired into a crowd of people coming to meet Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in Arizona, killing 6 and seriously wounding 13, including the congresswoman herself, or from James Holmes, who slaughtered 14 people in a Colorado movie theater. Mass murderers, yes. But terrorists? I don't think so, if the word is to have any meaning.
Fascists like Sens. Lindsay Graham (R-SC) and John McCain (R-AZ) are calling for the US to forget the Constitution altogether, and to declare American citizen Tsarnaev an “enemy combatant,” thus depriving him of the right even to a trial, forget the Miranda thing. They want him run through some kangaroo military tribunal and then executed.
What's happening is that US the government, and a disturbingly large segment of the American public, is losing patience with the wheels of justice in a free society. We've entered an Alice in Wonderland world where what is wanted is “sentence first, verdict later,” and where the trial part, with its presumption of innocence and its jury of peers, is either for show, or is simply left out entirely. (Remember, they have trials in China, Cuba, and even Myanmar, but they certainly don't have justice.)
The thing is, if the only time we adhere to the concept of “innocent until proven guilty,” and the only time we require police to follow the Miranda procedure of advising those they arrest of their right to remain silent until they have an attorney is in cases like traffic violations and petty crimes, but we ignore those protections when it really matters, in the case of serious crimes, then we no longer have those critical protections against tyranny.
At that point, we are in a police state.
What we are seeing in Boston is a preview of that police state — a kind of “coming attractions” look at it. The mindless post-capture applause for the army of police who implemented the “lock-down” of the city after the marathon bombing was part and parcel of that police state.
Someday, those cheering images will make a great clip in some Leni Riefenstahl-style propaganda film glorifying whoever is the current maximum leader of the American dictatorship.
The Philippines' largest Muslim militant group has launched a deadly offensive against a splinter faction that has pledged allegiance to the Islamic State group, police said Saturday.
The fighting between the two groups began about two weeks ago in the marshy farmlands around the southern town of Datu Salibo on Mindanao island, regional police spokeswoman Tara Leah Cuyco said.
Clashes between the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) and its offshoot, the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF), took place on Friday and Saturday, with six fighters from the original group killed.
"The MILF is trying to force the BIFF out of the area. They do not want any trouble," Chief Inspector Cuyco told AFP.
A MILF guerrilla leader told a video journalist working for AFP on Saturday: "We do not want them here. It's an order from the higher-ups."
The MILF, which has more than 10,000 fighters, has waged a decades-long guerrilla war, first for independence and later autonomy for the large Islamic minority in the south of the largely Catholic Asian nation.
It signed a peace treaty with the government in 2014 and is observing a ceasefire with the government while waiting for the passage of a proposed law that would grant self-rule to the Muslim areas of the Mindanao region.
Senior MILF leaders have warned President Rodrigo Duterte to deliver on government commitments under the peace accord, chiefly the autonomy law, or risk frustrating MILF members and causing them to defect to the BIFF and other pro-IS groups.
The BIFF, said by the military to have a few hundred armed fighters, has been among several small armed groups in Mindanao that have pledged alliance to the IS.
The fighting comes as the military fought a near three-month battle in Marawi, a Muslim city 100 kilometers to the north.
The fighting in Marawi is being led by two other Muslim rebel factions, the Maute group and the Abu Sayyaf.
The Marawi battle has left 573 militants and 128 soldiers and police dead, along with at least 45 civilians, according to an official tally.
How we eat can be just as important as what we eat, which is essential for women with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome to bear in mind because a dual approach helps better management of weight problems. This is especially true if stress is a symptom of your PCOS.
The brain takes 20 minutes to sense fullness and fast eaters tend to eat more than necessary as a result, often because they feel stressed.
So don't rush a series of quick bites in the kitchen but instead sit down at the dinner table, eat slowly and savor the tastes in each forkful. You'll end up feeling satisfied after consuming much less food.
Tip: Pay attention to why you're eating. It may be out of genuine hunger. But it could be simply because you're lonely, bored or anxious. Make a ritual of a meal and you may well find you have a new way of staying calm and balanced.
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn +
With Britain out of the picture, Germany and France will forge deeper defence cooperation in the European Union.
As reported by the Reuters news agency, Germany's Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen said on July 13 that Britain had “paralysed” such initiatives in the past.
“I can tell you from experience that in the past Britain has said it will not do these things,” she told a news conference. “This paralysed the European Union on the issues of foreign and security policy. This cannot mean that the rest of Europe remains inactive, but rather we need to move forward on these big issues.”
In related news, Deutsche Welle (DW), Germany's international broadcaster, noted that Germany's new planning report about defence and security policies.
The 2016 White Paper marks a major shift for Germany, which has long refrained from sending troops abroad in international conflicts.
According to DW, Germany now deploys troops to conflict zones, from the Balkans to Afghanistan and Mali, but kept out of the Nato intervention in Libya. In a non-combat role, Germany is part of the international alliance against Islamic State.
Germany's opposition Left Party, however, was quick to criticise the defence ministry's plan. In a statement, the party said: “The ‘white paper' is nothing but a written demand for more money for more soldiers, for more military operations and more military equipment. It's a ‘white paper' for armaments and war”.
Tehran - A young Sunni soldier has become a national hero in Shia-majority Iran after being mutilated while trying to save a stray dog trapped in a minefield.
The story of Mohammad Bakhtar, 19, has gone viral in the country, with supportive tweets and photos pouring in since the incident at an Iranian military base last month.
On the freezing afternoon of December 17, Bakhtar noticed the dog caught in barbed wire around a minefield near an ammunition depot. Hearing the dog's plaintive cries, Bakhtar rushed over to free the injured animal - and seconds later, a mine exploded, shattering his right leg.
"I was standing at my post that day ... I heard the poor dog moaning non-stop," Bakhtar told Al Jazeera. "I knew that it was a minefield, but I couldn't reach the poor dog. Finally, I finally put my right foot to the other side of the barbed fence to release the dog. As soon as he ran, [the mine exploded]."
Doctors in the northwestern city of Tabriz attempted for hours to reattach Bakhtar's leg, but their efforts were unsuccessful.
Although Tabriz has a history of ethnoreligious conflict dating back to the Ottoman Empire and, today, maintains a significant Shia majority, thousands of people from all walks of life, including local officials, queued up outside the hospital to pay tribute to the young Sunni soldier. Photos of Bakhtar inside the hospital, and later arriving to a hero's welcome in his hometown of Marivan, were shared widely on the Telegram messenger app throughout the country.
"I salute this young soldier as the symbol of honour and bravery, and wish the Middle East had many like him as a panacea for long-existing problems," one girl from Tehran tweeted.
Cyclist Kamal Rastkhani said that he had travelled more than 300 kilometres in snow and freezing weather to pay homage to Bakhtar "as the symbol of love for God's creatures".
Others have called for Bakhtar to receive insurance and a new job, while Vice President Masoumeh Ebtekar, who heads the Environmental Protection Organisation (EPO), called Bakhtar personally and publicly praised him as "a source of honour and pride for every Iranian".
Ebtekar has reportedly offered Bakhtar a job in the EPO, which he has responded to with enthusiasm, saying this would allow him to fulfil a "childhood dream" by working close to nature.
In a telephone interview after his arrival back in Marivan last week, Bakhtar told Al Jazeera that he did not regret his actions on that December afternoon.
"I was in pain, but it gave me a very good feeling that thousands of people came to the hospital to visit me," he said, noting that if he saw the dog in that condition again, he would do exactly the same thing.
"I love animals. I love nature," Bakhtar added, noting that he grew up in a small village on the outskirts of Marivan, where his family raised cattle and had a dog. When they moved to the city, he missed the pastoral life, he said.
"I didn't have any chance to keep my dog in the city anymore," he said. "I went to high school and worked in the wood-working and carpentry workshop - very different from the way we lived in that beautiful village."
Upon returning to Marivan last week, Bakhtar was welcomed with much fanfare, including wreaths, flowers and banners printed with messages such as: "You are the hero!" and "Welcome back, brave soldier."
Bakhtar's older brother, Atta, 29, said that he was sorry for the pain his brother had experienced, but also proud.
"I can recall dozens of times that he had battled for our cattle and his own dog. He's so special," Atta told Al Jazeera.
"Mohammad was halfway through with his 24-months military service," Atta added. "Maybe this is a blessing in disguise for Mohammad to get back to nature and the way he loved to live all his life."
Updated, Saturday, October 9, 3:25pm
So this happened last night:
Might be time for a new hashtag. #OrangeCosby — Tom Bergeron (@Tom_Bergeron) October 7, 2016
When Tom Bergeron created the hashtag #OrangeCosby (which immediately began trending), he may have said it best, but he didn't say it first. I made the Trump-Cosby comparison a while back, even before the latest sexual assault lawsuit against Trump had been scheduled for a hearing.
Bergeron went on to clarify the comparison for anyone needing help understanding how bragging about sexual assault relates to committing sexual assault:
Sorry to lose you but the arrogant, sexist, dehumanizing sense of entitlement and power is common to both. It starts there. https://t.co/rL3YSY7Upm — Tom Bergeron (@Tom_Bergeron) October 7, 2016
If my own Facebook feed is any indication, millions of misguided Americans are lining up to defend Trump and dismiss his p***y-grabbing comments for one inane reason or another. Yet, when it came to Cosby, an almost universally-beloved figure, the public was quick to re-cast him as the ultimate villain. Maybe it's because Cosby is a black man and an underlying current of racism propelled the public's willingness believe he did what he was accused of. Maybe it's because Cosby wasn't running for president, so those who turned on him weren't forced to question their own ideologies as a result of doing so. Either way, though, the similarities are striking. And even more striking are the differences. So much about the rape allegations against Trump is more disturbing than those against Cosby.
In two weeks, Bill Cosby will be formally arraigned in the case Commonwealth v. William Henry Cosby. The world will be watching, but not out of true suspense. Most people will follow the case expecting to hear lurid details about the comedian's alleged sex crimes, and will follow the trial to see the spectacle of a beloved entertainer hitting rock bottom. At the same time, Doe v. Donald J. Trump, a federal civil case for sexual assault, will proceed against Republican frontrunner Donald Trump (if a judge decides not to dismiss it). That case, though, is unlikely to receive even a fraction of the media and public attention that Cosby's case will.
The disparity in public perception between the Cosby and Trump cases is fascinating. From a purely legal standpoint, the allegations against Trump are way worse than the ones against Cosby. Trump's alleged victim, who filed the lawsuit, claims she was a thirteen-year-old child when the assault happened, while Cosby's was a grown woman. Trump's alleged attack was overtly violent, while Cosby's was not. And the claims against Trump come with someone claiming to be an eyewitness, while Cosby's does not. In fact, everything from procedure to substance weighs as badly, if not worse, against Trump as it does against Cosby. But, strangely, I even find the case against Trump hard to believe.
Just to examine a few aspects of the cases:
Statutes of Limitation
The criminal and civil statutes of limitation have long since run on most of the sexual assaults alleged by women who have accused Bill Cosby. The one criminal prosecution that is proceeding against Cosby is for the alleged 2004 sexual assault of Andrea Constand, making Pennsylvania's 2015 prosecution come in just under the wire of the applicable statute of limitations. Sidebar: the civil cases that have been filed against Cosby aren't for sexual assault, because too much time has passed to bring those. Instead, the civil cases allege that Cosby defamed the plaintiffs by calling them liars in response to their public accusations of sexual assault. That alleged defamation didn't happen until after the women came forward, so their civil claims have no statute of limitation woes.
By contrast, Trump's statute of limitations drama is actually far more unusual. Trump's anonymous accuser has alleged that the Donald raped her back in 1994, when she was thirteen, and that the 20-year statute of limitations never even started running. Ms. Doe argues that the statute is “tolled” because Trump threatened her. Sidebar: tolling statutes of limitation is standard practice in a variety of instances. For example, if a plaintiff is a minor when a cause of action arises, that statute could be stopped (or “tolled”) until the potential plaintiff reaches the age of majority. The same concept works when a plaintiff is incarcerated or is mentally disabled. The concept of tolling is to hit “pause” on a lawsuit for the purpose of effectuating fairness to disadvantaged plaintiff. Statutes of limitation are also tolled when their reason for suing is obscured (as in the case of a medical malpractice victim who does not discover a surgical tool accidentally left inside him until years after the wrongdoing actually happened) or when they are prevented from bringing suit for some other reason. That's this plaintiff's sweet spot.
According to the plaintiff, Trump threatened to harm or even kill her and her family if she came forward with any accusations:
“Any statute of limitations … is tolled owing to the continuous and active duress imposed upon Plaintiff by Defendants that effectively robbed Plaintiff of her free will to commence legal action until the present time. More particularly, Plaintiff was unrelentingly threatened by each Defendant that, were she ever to reveal any of the details of the sexual and physical abuse caused to her by Defendants, Plaintiff and her family would be physically harmed if not killed. The duress has not terminated and the fear has not subsided. The duress … rose to such a level that a person of reasonable firmness in Plaintiff's situation would have been unable to resist.”
That's a pretty mammoth claim. Trump is certainly powerful enough to have exerted 22 years of duress on someone. Alternatively, the whole thing could be fabricated. Trump's attorneys have vehemently denied the allegations, even have gone so far to say they may go after the lawyer who filed the lawsuit. Either way, though, it's alarming that this isn't daily, front-page news. People say all sorts of things in the media, but when a federal lawsuit is filed, that's a little different.
Similar Accusations
As each of the (now 57) women who accused Bill Cosby of rape came forward, we saw the tide of public opinion change dramatically. Simply put, there is strength in numbers, and while one woman might have been lying, most of us believe that it would be unlikely for all 33 women to be lying. So that sets the Trump case apart from the Cosby case, right? Well, not really. Donald Trump has also been accused of sexual assault in the past. One such accuser was his wife, Ivana, who testified that Trump violently attacked her, ripped out her hair and forcibly penetrated her without her consent. Later after they divorced, Ivana did a flimsy recant, explaining that she hadn't meant “rape” literally.
And Ivana isn't the only one. Jill Harth accused Donald Trump of sexual assault, and she has also taken her allegations to federal court. Ms. Harth's lawsuit told the frightening story of Trump's forcing her into his daughter Ivanka's bedroom, holding her there against her will, and molesting her while she protested. Ms. Harth sued back in 1997, but the lawsuit was quickly drooped. However, Harth has reaffirmed her story recently in a Twitter war with Trump.Trump also denied those allegations at the time. But while Bill Cosby's apparently sordid history received intense media attention immediately after he was accused, no such avalanche has affected Trump. Sure, Harth plus Ivanka doesn't add up to 57, but Cosby's ship started sinking as soon as the first corroborative story surfaced. And was without the help of political haters.
Witnesses
Sexual assaults rarely involve credible third-party witnesses; when they do, though, the result is usually pretty damning for the perpetrator. The recent prosecution of Brock Turner bore such a result. The witness observing Turner mid-assault was a key factor in helping the public conceptualize Turner as villain, unlike the many rape cases in which the public fills in the factual blanks with victim's own fault.
In Jane Doe v. Donald Trump, a witness statement is attached to the Complaint, saying (among other disturbing things), “I personally witnessed the Plaintiff being forced to perform various sexual acts with Mr. Trump and Mr. Epstein. Both Mr. Trump and Mr. Epstein were advised that she was 13 years old.” And that's not even all of it. “Tiffany Doe” went on to certify, “I personally witnessed four sexual encounters that the Plaintiff was forced to have with Mr. Trump during this period, including the fourth of these encounters where Mr. Trump forcibly raped her despite her pleas to stop.”
Of course, Tiffany Doe could be lying. But that's true of any witness swearing to any statement attached to any lawsuit. Andrea Costand could be lying about Bill Cosby assaulting her. The doctor who said he gave Quaaludes to Cosby to use on his victims could also be lying. But somehow, our collective reaction to the Cosby allegations is completely different from our reaction to the Trump ones.
That difference in reaction is deeply disturbing in its lack of clear root cause. Bill Cosby was a beloved family entertainer whose brand was built on wholesomeness and good, clean fun. The picture of him allegedly drugging and raping models is diametrically opposed to the Heathcliff Huxtable we all loved. By contrast, Donald Trump is an unapologetic misogynist who bullies, antagonizes, and threatens on a daily basis without any serious regard for consequences. He has been publicly exposed as someone who preys on the weak as a large-scale business strategy.
Yet, even I barely believe that Jane Doe's allegations are true. And I can't point to a single rational reason why. I'm most frightened by the possibility that the public's general lack of interest in Jane Doe v. Donald J. Trump is a product the same personal-brand hype that catapulted Trump into the 2016 election. Just as he has convinced millions of Americans that he is a shrewd and infallible businessman, he may have convinced us that he would never have victimized a young girl. Just as he has painted himself as a “political outsider” despite having dined and golfed with presidents and governors, he may have created a fictionalized version of himself who could never be violent. Trump has induced millions of people to become unwavering supporters; he may well have convinced his political opponents that he's, “bad, but not bad enough to have done that.”
Follow Elura Nanos on Twitter @elurananos
This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author.
if india becomes communal kashmir not to remain with it farooq
Srinagar: Union Minister and National Conference president Farooq Abdullah today said communalism is not acceptable to the people of Kashmir and they will not remain with India if the country becomes communal.
“Pray to God to save us from communal forces so that we can move forward. India cannot become communal.If it becomes communal, then Kashmir will not remain with India. Communalism is not acceptable to Kashmiris,” Abdullah told a poll rally at Khanyar in old city here.The NC head took a dig at BJP leader Giriraj Singh and VHP's Praveen Togadia, saying “they say those who do not vote for Modi should go to Pakistan. (I say) Those who vote for Modi should drown in the sea.”The nation belongs to its people and they will decide what to do, he said.
The Indigenous population in Canada continues to rapidly outpace the growth of the rest of the country while Indigenous languages are showing a strong resurgence, according tocensus data released Wednesday by Statistics Canada.
The Stats Can data also revealed on-reserve First Nation housing is getting worse.
The data paints a picture of a young and growing Indigenous population — First Nation, Inuit and Métis — which is increasingly learning Indigenous languages and is reshaping the face of Western Canada.
Between 2006 and 2016, the self-identified Indigenous population grew by 42.5 per cent — from 1,172,790 to 1,673, 785. This represented a growth rate four times the rest of the population, according to Stats Can. The agency is projecting the Indigenous population to hit 2.5 million within the next two decades.
While a longer life expectancy and high fertility rates played factors, an increase of people self-identifying as Indigenous— particularly as Métis and non-status First Nation — propelled the continued growth rate in the population, said Johanne Denis, director general of Stats Can's social and demographic statistics.
Indigenous population younger
The Indigenous population is younger than the general population. ( Jennie Williams)
At 587,545, the Métis population is the fasting-growing sub-segment of the Indigenous population, rising to 51 per cent of the total over the last 10 years. The status and non-status First Nation population grew to 977,230, increasing by 39 per cent between 2006 and 2016, and the Inuit population rose to 65,025, a change of 29.1 per cent over the same time span.
Children under the age of four comprise a larger portion of the Indigenous population than children in the non-Indigenous population. The census data found that Indigenous children under age four accounted for 8.7 per cent of the population while seniors aged 65 and over made up 7.3 per cent, up from 4.8 per cent in 2006. In the non-Indigenous population, seniors accounted for a higher proportion than children under the age of four at 16.3 per cent to 5.3 per cent in 2016.
The data revealed the Inuit had the youngest population with those 14 years of age and younger making 33 per cent of the total, First Nations came next with 29.2 per cent and Métis at 22.3 per cent.
The rate of growth in the total Indigenous population is projected to substantially alter the make-up of two Western provinces in particular: Manitoba and Saskatchewan. Stats Can project the Indigenous population will make up between 18.5 per cent and 22.7 per cent of the total population in Saskatchewan and between 17.6 per cent and 21.3 per cent in Manitoba.
More Indigenous children in foster care
The Stats Can data registered a slight increase in Indigenous children under the age of four living in foster care. In 2016, there were about 4,300 Indigenous children under age four living in foster care, making up more than half of all children — non-Indigenous and Indigenous — in foster care. In 2011, Indigenous children accounted for 49.1 per cent of all children in foster care.
First Nation children made up 41.4 per cent of all children under four — non-Indigenous and Indigenous — in foster care, followed by Métis children, which accounted for 6.7 per cent, and Inuit children at 2 per cent.
Languages rising
Students can take Indigenous languages into the classroom with a new mobile app that gives access to over 100 traditional dialects. (First Peoples' Cultural Council/Facebook)
The Stats Can census registered 70 Indigenous languages spoken across the country. The data found that 260,550 people reported being able to speak an Indigenous language, which was an increase of 3.1 per cent since 2006. There was a decrease of people who reported being able to converse in an Indigenous languge, dropping to 15.6 per cent in 2016 from 21.4 per cent in 2006.
The data also found that more people had learned an Indigenous language than reported it — 260,550 people — as their mother tongue — 208,720.
"That suggests that many people, especially young people, are learning (Indigenous) languages as second languages," said the Stats Can report.
Nearly two thirds of Inuit, about 64 per cent, reported being able to speak Inuktitut, Inuinnaqtun, Inuvialuktun and other Inuit languages, said Stats Can. The percentage was higher for Inuit living in the homelands of Inuit Nunangat with 83.9 per cent reporting an ability to speak their language.
The Indigenous languages with the most speakers fell under the Algonquian language group — Cree and Ojibway —with 175,825 reporting an ability to speak the tongue.
Housing deteriorating
Housing on reserves has grown worse according to Statistics Canada. (Submitted by Sylvia McAdam)
Indigenous people continue to face housing challenges across the country, the census found. One in five Indigenous people, 19.4 per cent, reported living in a dwelling in need of repair. Only about 6 per cent of Canada's non-Indigenous population reported living in substandard housing.
While there was a slight decrease in the global housing number, the census data showed that housing continued to deteriorate on-reserve with an 0.8 per cent increase of people living in housing in need of repair. Of the total on-status First Nation population that reported living in substandard housing, 44.2 per cent lived on-reserve.
Off-reserve First Nation population larger
The status First Nations population saw off-reserve and on-reserve growth with a 30.8 per cent increase from 2006 to 2016. There were 744,866 First Nations people with status in 2016, accounting for 76.2 per cent of the First Nation population. The non-status First Nation population grew by 75.1 per cent to 232,375 over the same time span.
More status First Nation people are now living off-reserve. Only 44.2 per cent reported living on reserve. However, the on-reserve population saw a 12.8 per cent increase in growth, but it was outpaced by a 49.1 per cent increase in the off-reserve status population from 2006 to 2016.
Over half of First Nations people live in Western Canada with 17.7 per cent living in British Columbia, followed by Alberta with 14 per cent, Manitoba with 14 per cent and Saskatchewan by 11.7 per cent. Proportionally, First Nations people accounted for 10.7 per cent of the total population in Saskatchewan, 10.5 per cent in Manitoba and 32.1 per cent in the Northwest Territories.
Ontario, the country's most populous province, also had the highest number of First Nation people living within its borders. Nearly one quarter, 24.2 per cent, of First Nation people lived in Ontario, while 9.5 per cent lived in Quebec followed by Atlantic Canada with 7.5 per cent. Atlantic Canada saw its First Nation population double from 2006 to 2016, rising by 101.6 per cent to 73,655, according to the Stats Can data.
Ontario also registered the highest Métis population with 120,585 making up one-fifth of the total Métis population in the country. Alberta had the highest Métis population in Western Canada accounting for 19.5 per cent of the total population.
OSEN via Nate1. [+171, -23] She sings better than Hyorin. Her vocal style is so charming...2. [+164, -28] Solji should've been cast on 'I Am a Singer' rather than Hyorin. Her vocal talent is jjang. People kept saying EXID is a talented group and I finally believe it now.3. [+134, -12] She's the top out of all idols. Her voice is such a waste to be an idol with!4. [+26, -1] Such a good singer...5. [+23, -1] She hits her high notes so refreshingly. Definitely the skill of a vocal trainer!!OSEN via Naver1. [+6,544, -962] I could tell it was Solji...2. [+4,814, -243] Both were so good... goosebumps..3. [+4,328, -492] I'm a Solji fan starting from today4. [+3,913, -281] Solji's so good ㅋㅋㅋ5. [+682, -61] Now all EXID needs to do is come out with a new track and take #1...
This month marks 15 painful years since the Arafat-Rabin handshake on the White House lawn. Palestinian children who started school when the Oslo Agreement was signed in 1993 are now young adults. They have not known a day of true freedom or genuine security in their lives.
Oslo offered peace on a timetable, freedom doled out in stages. Its promise was derailed by increased Israeli settlement construction, restrictions on Palestinian movement and, correspondingly, by violent resistance to occupation from some Palestinians. The process begun by President George Bush in Annapolis last year offers another opportunity to reach a lasting peace. History will judge none of us kindly if we squander this opportunity.
I continue to believe that we can achieve a lasting peace, with the Israeli and Palestinian peoples living as neighbors in two independent states. But if we do not succeed, and succeed soon, the parameters of the debate are apt to shift dramatically. Israel's continued settlement expansion and land confiscation in the West Bank makes physical separation of our two peoples increasingly impossible. The number of Israeli settlers in the Palestinian West Bank grew by approximately 85% after the Oslo accords were signed.
We are impatient for our freedom. Yet partial peace, as proposed again by my current interlocutors, is not the way forward. Partial freedom is a contradiction in terms. Either a Palestinian lives free or continues to live under the yoke of Israeli military occupation.
We want our children to live with hope and the opportunity to realize their potential. Yet our daily reality worsens. We are walled into shrinking pockets of land, reminiscent of the Bantustans of South Africa. Increasingly, Israel confines us to separate and inferior roads.
Israeli leaders insist that Jerusalem not be physically divided. I agree. Although Jerusalem's sovereignty must be divided, the city itself can be shared as the capital of two states -- east for Palestine and west for Israel. While claiming to abhor dividing the city in half, Israel nonetheless splits the city through its complex of walls, tunnels and laws that segregate and discriminate between Muslim and Christian Palestinians and Israeli Jews. Israel continues to encircle the holy city with exclusively Jewish settlements that sever it from the rest of the occupied West Bank.
We acknowledge the hardships faced by our Israeli neighbors. No Israeli child should go to sleep at night in fear. The irony is that although Israel possesses the strongest military in the region, its might cannot guarantee security for its people. The lesson of the last 15 years is that only a just peace can bring true security to Israel and Palestine.
I have long believed that we must resolve our differences at the negotiating table rather than on the battlefield. But the goal of these negotiations must be a fair, comprehensive and clear agreement. The negotiations cannot be a cover allowing the stronger party to continue imposing its will.
Rather than a partial outcome, we seek an agreement resulting in two viable and sovereign states based on 1967 borders, including a Jerusalem that is the capital of two states and a just resolution that honors the rights of the Palestinian refugees.
What is often overlooked is the enormous historic compromise we already made in accepting the two-state solution and the creation of our state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip on only 22% of our historic homeland. No responsible leader could agree to a peace that further erodes this tiny territory and strips away even more of its natural resources, historic sites and beautiful landscapes. And no responsible leader will accept a "peace plan" that repackages the occupation and makes it permanent.
Israel says its goal is two states, coexisting in peace. Again, I agree. But those states must be real states -- sovereign, independent and viable. I cannot subject my people to an Israeli state and a Palestinian canton. Israel cannot have both control and peace. It cannot perpetually and illegally build settlements in the West Bank, particularly in East Jerusalem, and then argue it must keep that territory because of the existing facts on the ground.
During her most recent visit to the Holy Land, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice rightly noted that Israeli settlement activity is not helpful to the peace process. Israel itself recognized this by agreeing to implement Phase I of its Roadmap obligations at Annapolis -- in other words, a settlement freeze. Yet since Annapolis, the pace of Israeli settlement construction in the West Bank has nearly doubled.
Israel's occupation mindset must be exchanged for partnership and peace. And Hamas must come to the table, willing to discuss a true national dialogue based on the PLO political program. Palestinian national consensus and unity is a pressing need for our people who are thirsty for liberation. A critical Fatah conference should be held soon to allow a new generation to take charge of the Palestinian national movement.
I pledge my full cooperation in the days and months ahead. I am thankful for the efforts of the Bush administration to assist in brokering peace. I again extend my hand to the Israeli people, and I urge them and their leaders to make a choice that ensures a secure and prosperous future for both our peoples.
Mr. Abbas is chairman of the executive committee of the PLO and president of the Palestinian National Authority.
Copyright by WTEN - All rights reserved Troy Police Department (Photo Credit: Jeff Holmes-Hunter, NEWS10 ABC)
Copyright by WTEN - All rights reserved Troy Police Department (Photo Credit: Jeff Holmes-Hunter, NEWS10 ABC)
TROY, N.Y. (NEWS10) – News10 ABC is learning more about why an entire unit of the Troy Police Department was placed on administrative leave.
The mayor and police are still remaining tight-lipped about the details but confirm they're conducting an internal investigation into what is being called a personnel matter concerning its drug and weapons unit.
According to multiple sources this all stems from officers illegally entering a home without a warrant and covering it up by not including it in their report.
A Troy landlord said this matter happened June 9 at her property on Oakwood Avenue consisting of three apartments.
"I feel like they could come in at any time and do whatever they want," the landlord said.
The landlord doesn't feel safe, after she said Troy Police did just that to her tenant's apartment. Officers told her what happened a few days later.
"They just said that they had a suspicion," she said.
They told her they received a tip that one of the units at her property was used as a stash house for cocaine and heroin and that a wanted fugitive was hiding out there.
"They staked it out for 6 hours...and they saw no activity so they went up to the house and knocked on the door," the landlord said.
Officers told her they leaned on the door and it popped right open.
"They went up the stairs because they thought that maybe it was burglarized so they wanted to make sure that everything was okay inside the house," the landlord said.
But, she said they did more than just check-in on the home. They searched the cabinets and drawers, found some IDs and left, never finding anything suspicious.
That isn't all they told her.
"They told me that they did it without a warrant," she said.
She has no clue why they admitted this to her. But, she said these officers were in the wrong.
"Had they had a warrant, a proper warrant and probable cause to enter the apartment then you know then they're doing their job," the landlord said.
Now she's happy to learn they've been placed on leave, but hopes more will be done.
"It's just very disturbing that they violated my tenant's rights," she said.
NEWS10 ABC reached out to police and the mayor's office for comment and updates, but was told they have no new information to release at this time.
President Donald Trump's foes have "waged a by-any-means-necessary campaign" to throw out the election results, the New York Post charged in an editorial.
"President Trump's claim that his predecessor bugged Trump Tower during the election has sent the media into fits, wondering where on earth he could've gotten such an idea," an editorial in the Post said. "But it's all-too-obvious why Trump would be suspicious."
And the newspaper added: "Officials (likely Obama-era holdovers) have broken the law and leaked what they hoped would be damaging info. Groups tied to Obama have stirred up angry protests against Trump and other Republicans."
It claimed that the Obama administration "has a record of abusing power for political gain." And it noted the IRS had targeted conservative groups while Obama was in office.
The paper said the "anti-Trump press was apoplectic" after the president made his wiretap claims, and the media reported Trump's comments were "unsupported," the Post pointed out.
"…But what is truly lacking in solid evidence is the claim that there was some sort of collusion between Trump or his aides and Russian officials to hijack the election," the Post editorial board said.
"Yet that's all Trump's foes (and much of the press) want to talk about."
The newspaper conceded right now it is difficult to determine if Trump's office was bugged and who could have done it.
"But given Team Obama's record — and the never-ending bid to overturn the election — there's little doubt why Trump might think the worst," the newspaper said.
Italian neurosurgeon Sergio Canavero grabbed the world's attention this past winter when he announced his plans to perform the first human head transplant. Many doubted that such an outrageous procedure would ever see the light of day. Now, Canavero has a date on the books.
Thirty-year-old Russian computer scientist Valery Spiridonov is set to become the world's first head transplant patient in December 2017. Spiridonov suffers from a rare genetic muscle-wasting condition known as Werdnig-Hoffmann disease. There's currently no known treatment.
Advertisement
As you might not want to imagine, the procedure will be filled with challenges and uncertainties. There's the hair-raising possibility that the head will reject the body or vice versa. The spinal cord might not fuse properly. Even if everything goes well, there's no telling whether Spiridonov's mental capacities or personality will remain the same. He's embarking on totally uncharted medical territory.
Then again, a successful human head transplant could open doors in terms of restoring independence to severely disabled people. And to Spiridonov the risks are worth it.
“When I realized that I could participate in something really big and important, I had no doubt left in my mind and started to work in this direction,” Spiridonov told the Central European News. “The only thing I feel is the sense of pleasant impatience, like I have been preparing for something important all my life and it is starting to happen.”
Advertisement
[Fox News]
Contact the author at maddie.stone@gizmodo.com or follow her on Twitter.
Top image via Shutterstock
Manic Street Preachers devotee Bad News Barrett has restated his love for the Welsh rockers during a WWE Twitter Q&A.
Instagram: WWE
Bad News - who has a tattoo of the Manics lyric ‘Culture, Alienation, Boredom and Despair' from 1992 single Little Baby Nothing – revealed he'd select Faster from 1994 album The Holy Bible as his entrance theme, given the choice of any of the band's singles to soundtrack his march to the ring.
Frontman James Dean Bradfield previously told Q magazine the band would be up for recording Barrett's signature theme.
"Let's just put this out there - if you're listening Wade Barrett, we will do your f**king theme tune - just get in touch,” he said during the 2012 interview.
Intercontinental champ Barrett, 34, also revealed NXT superstar and Jumping Geordie Adrian Neville would be his ideal pick as a tag team partner during the social media quizzing session – and a couple of surprising names came up when he was asked who he shares footy bants with.
“Sheamus, Neville, Cesaro, Rusev, and (believe it or not) [Luke] Harper,” he tweeted.
About
(How to Play Video is shown with the prototype art)
Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone is the result of a group of friends getting creative one summer evening some two years ago. The game changed and improved over time but the theme stayed the same. We, like many nerds, love sci-fi, fantasy, crypto-zoology... anything that gets the geek juices flowing, and we thought "why don't we squish all of these wonderful things together to make the funnest game we have ever played?" And so we did!
Along with the great theme of the game comes a remarkably well balanced rule set. We borrowed game mechanics from deck building card games, as well as traditional board games, tabletop minis games and RPGs. The game play is always exciting, it is unlike any other game we've played before. One of the most common comments we get from players is that "you never feel that you are out of the game". In just a couple of turns you can come from very last to challenge the front runner's position!
RPG players enjoy Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone because of the Hero element. As the game progresses your Hero will Level up and gain strength, while using his special ability that is unique to that Hero. You will also be forced to make tough decisions and take risks to get ahead. Sometimes they pay off, and other times they hurt real bad.
While any strategic player will love the way you can use Special FX and special abilities to force other players to make bad decisions, there is a chance component. Combat and Monster battles are won with dice, and every player is at the mercy of the card draw. So even inexperienced players can have a fighting chance.
Your gaming group will love being able to "own" one of the factions in the game or mix it up every time you play. Each faction has a completely different play style that really comes through as you move from one to another. The Pirates for example can steal cards from other players while the Ninjas can sneak right by a would-be attacker. When played with their spirit in mind each of the factions can be extremely powerful! We often see players "getting into character" once a game really gets going!
We need your help to get this game professionally produced so others can share in the fun. We think every game group would really enjoy adding this to their rotation as so many of our friends have. We have made several prototype versions of this game but they are costly and time consuming to say the least. If this Kickstarter campaign is successful we will be able to make a large enough order that everyone who wants a copy of Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone will get one. We've been working with several different board game and mini's manufacturers over the past year to get the cost of each game down to a level that we can afford while keeping the game's components as high as possible and the finished game will reflect that effort.
So if you are into geeky stuff and you like fast game play, become a backer. Maybe we will see you across the table some day!
Spy Faction Set
Pirate Faction Set
Ninja Faction Set
Robot Faction Set
Whats in the box? (prototype shown)
4 Faction Sets (minis supplied unpainted)
15 Monster Cards
30 Special FX Cards
2 D12's
2 D6's
4 Monster Zone Portal Tokens
Game Board
Rules Booklet
Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone in play! (prototype)
Rewards!
Gnome: Your name listed on the "Brought to you by" section of our website.
Mermaid: Your name listed on the "Brought to you by" section of our website, a kickstarter exclusive poster.
Bigfoot: Your name listed on the "Brought to you by" section of our website, Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone! the game.
Blob: Your name listed on the "Brought to you by" section of our website, Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone! the game, 4 exclusive Special FX cards and stretch goals.
Baby Cylops (early bird): Your name listed on the "Brought to you by" section of our website, all three kickstarter exclusive posters, Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone! the game, kickstarter exclusive Special FX cards, "Through the Monster Zone" art book, and stretch goals.
Cyclops: Your name listed on the "Brought to you by" section of our website, all three kickstarter exclusive posters, Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone! the game, kickstarter exclusive Special FX cards, "Through the Monster Zone" art book, and stretch goals.
Troll: 5 copies of Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone!
Giant: Your name listed on the "Brought to you by" section of our website, all three kickstarter exclusive posters, Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone! the game, kickstarter exclusive Special FX cards, "Through the Monster Zone" art book, hand painted minis by Noah, and stretch goals.
Pirate Captain: Your name listed on the "Brought to you by" section of our website, all three kickstarter exclusive posters, Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone! the game, kickstarter exclusive Special FX cards, "Through the Monster Zone" art book, all minis pro-painted, and stretch goals.
N.O.C.: Your name listed on the "Brought to you by" section of our website, all three kickstarter exclusive posters, Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone! the game, kickstarter exclusive Special FX cards, "Through the Monster Zone" art book, all minis pro-painted, dinner at GenCon, and stretch goals.
Juggerbot: Your name listed on the "Brought to you by" section of our website, all three kickstarter exclusive posters, Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone! the game, kickstarter exclusive Special FX cards, "Through the Monster Zone" art book, all minis pro-painted, dinner at GenCon, monster or faction in your likeness with mini, and stretch goals.
Stretch Goals!
200 "Likes" on Mighty Heroes Games Facebook page: Alternate all female Hero mini set. (Locked)
$30k - Knights Faction Set (Locked)
$32.5k - Acrylic Monster Zone Portals (Locked)
$40k - Aliens Faction Set (Locked)
$60k - Monster Mini Set and Horde Mode Alternate Rule Set (Locked)
Add On Items
Additional copies of Mighty Heroes and the Monster Zone! are available for $45 each when added to any pledge.
Any poster may be added to you pledge for $5.
The Kickstarter Exclusive card set (four Special FX cards) may be added to any pledge for $5.
Special Thanks to:
Video Work - Seth Wright (www.SWProMedia.com)
Art - Jim Boudreaux
Voice Work - Adam Lewis (adam@vbiServices.co.uk)
Graphic Design - Jonathan Brimer (SharpLead.com)
Game Production - http://customizedplayingcards.com
Popular source-code warehouse GitHub was back online today after weathering a huge denial-of-service attack throughout the week.
The status page of the San Francisco-based outfit charts the progress of the assault and the attempts to end it. Problems with the web service first cropped up on Tuesday, 1 October, before the team realised they were facing a denial-of-service storm. This first wave was dealt with late on Wednesday only for a second phase of the attack to flare up again on Thursday.
Barry Shteiman, director of security strategy at data centre security firm Imperva, said a titsup GitHub would have had a knock-on effect on programmers at many organisations.
“GitHub's business is to act as a code repository for companies big and small. This is unfortunately a brutal case of the impact of third party services on business security and availability," he said.
Ashley Stephenson, chief exec of security appliance firm Corero Network Security, added the multi-phase pattern of the attack against GitHub is typical of other denial-of-service attacks.
"From what GitHub have disclosed it looks like the DDoS [distributed denial of service] attacks targeted at their networks followed a very typical progression," Stephenson said. "It is not unusual for attackers to probe a site with different attack vectors to figure out what type of vulnerabilities exist. It is likely that as the attacker(s) saw that GitHub were able to stop one type of DDoS attack they modified the characteristics of the attack until the website and services were again impacted."
"A second wave of attacks, just a day later, is also a common sequence, more than likely coming from the same source, having already analysed how GitHub would likely react in trying to mitigate the attack, the second wave of DDoS attacks do appear to have been successful in taking down the site," he added.
Stephenson concluded: "We are seeing more often that DDoS attacks against web servers evolve over a period of 24-48 hours until they take down a site or their perpetrators give up and move on. GitHub have done the right thing in keeping their users informed of the status of the attacks."
GitHub is a frequent target of DDoS attacks. It suffered two major attacks in August and the same number in July alone. The possible motives much less the perpetrators behind the latest assault remain unclear.
DDoS attacks, in general, are often used by hackers to probe for vulnerabilities in a website or as a smokescreen to deflect attention from the main motives of an attack - which in the case of GitHub may involve tampering with projects' source code or similar malfeasance.
Sysadmins on the receiving end of DDoS attacks often need to tweak the settings of firewall equipment, intrusion prevention system and other security defences to compensate for the assaults. These changes can sometimes unwittingly open up further vulnerabilities. ®
Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc. announced on Monday that it purchased many of its core ingredients' recipes for $43 million. The recipe was previously owned by manufacturer Diversified Foods and Seasonings (DFS).
“This transaction now brings important intellectual property—Popeyes' core recipes—under brand ownership for the first time in our Company's history,” CEO Cheryl Bashelder said in a press release.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
As a result, Popeyes will no longer pay DFS a $3.1 million annual royalty, part of a contract that gave Popeyes licensing rights to the manufacturer's recipes. The agreement would have extended until 2029.
The recipe licensing deal dates back to 1991, when Popeyes founder Al Copeland filed for bankruptcy. Copeland, who founded DFS in 1984 to supply ingredients to his fried chicken franchise, lost ownership of Popeyes in the settlement, but retained DFS and rights to several of Popeyes' recipes. After Copeland died in 2008, DFS was passed to his estate.
Popeyes is named after Popeye Doyle, a character in the 1971 film The French Connection.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
New research suggests that the bulk of clay minerals on Mars could have been formed as the planet's crust cooled and solidified, not by later interactions with water on the surface as has long been assumed.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. [Brown University] — Planetary scientists from Brown University have proposed a new scenario for the formation of ancient clay minerals on Mars that, if shown to be true, could rewrite the early history of the red planet.
There are thousands of ancient phyllosilicate outcrops on the Martian surface. Phyllosilicates, or clays, are formed by the interaction of water with volcanic rock, leading many scientists to conclude that there must have been sustained surface water, groundwater or active hydrothermal systems at some point in Martian history. But the new research, published in the journal Nature, suggests that the clays may have formed during the creation of the Martian crust itself, long before any water flowed on the planet.
Backed by lab experiments and computer models, the researchers lay out how the scenario would have worked. In the very early solar system, Mars and other rocky planets are thought to have been covered by oceans of molten magma. As the Mars magma ocean began to cool and solidify, water and other dissolved volatiles would be outgassed to the surface, forming a thick, steamy atmosphere surrounding the planet. The moisture and heat from that high-pressure steam bath would have converted vast swaths of the newly solidified surface to clay. As the planet then evolved over billions of years, volcanic activity and asteroid bombardments would have covered the clays in some places and excavated them in others, leading to the widespread but patchy distribution seen on the surface today.
“The basic recipe for making clay is you take rock and you add heat and water,” said Kevin Cannon, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Central Florida who led the research while completing his Ph.D. at Brown. “This primordial atmosphere created by a magma ocean would have been the hottest and wettest Mars ever was. It's a situation where you could pervasively alter the crust and then just shuffle those materials around afterward.”
Cannon and his co-authors say the scenario offers a means of creating widespread clay deposits that doesn't require a warm and wet climate or a sustained hydrothermal system on early Mars. State-of-the-art climate models suggest an early Mars where the temperature rarely crept above freezing and where water flow on the surface was sporadic and isolated.
“One of the complications that comes up in Mars evolution is that we can't create a scenario where surface weathering had the capacity to produce the extent of mineral alteration that we see,” said Jack Mustard, a professor in Brown's Department of Earth, Environmental and Planetary Sciences and study co-author. “We're certainly not trying to discount other alteration mechanisms entirely. Surface weathering and other types of alteration surely occurred at different points in Martian history, but we think this is a plausible way to explain much of the widespread clay we see in the oldest Martian terrains.”
To demonstrate that the mechanism they propose is plausible, the researchers synthesized rock samples matching the composition of Martian basalt. They then used a high-pressure device to recreate temperature and pressure conditions the may have been present amid the steam atmosphere created by a magma ocean. After cooking samples for two weeks, the team checked to see if they had been altered and to what extent.
“It was really remarkable how quickly and extensively this basalt was altered,” Cannon said. “At the highest temperatures and pressures, it ate completely through the basalt particles. It's a really intense degree of alteration.”
The steam atmosphere associated with a magma ocean could have survived for as long as 10 million years or more, Cannon and his colleagues say. That would have been long enough, they estimate, to create as much as three kilometers of clay on the primordial Martian surface.
To get an idea what the fate of that clay might be as the planet evolved, the researchers created a computer model to simulate a slab of Martian crust with a three-kilometer clay layer on top. Then they simulated the first billion years of Martian geologic history — the period when volcanic activity and asteroid bombardment were most prevalent. The model showed that the burial, excavation and scattering of clays over time created distribution of exposed deposits similar to what's seen on Mars today.
“To put some numbers on it, clays cover about 3 percent of the oldest crust exposures on Mars,” Cannon said. “We're finding about that same order of magnitude in these models.”
The lab experiments and simulations can't say for certain that this scenario occurred, the researchers say, but they do suggest a strong hypothesis that could be tested during future Mars exploration.
“One of the things I like about this is that it's truly testable,” said Steve Parman, a geology professor at Brown and co-author of the study. “With a returned sample, or maybe even with the analytical equipment on a rover, I'm optimistic that you could distinguish this primordial process from some other alteration process.”
If the process did indeed occur, it could have some interesting implications for early Martian history. In addition to providing a mechanism for clay formation even if Mars was as cold and icy as climate models suggest, the scenario suggests that vast deposits of clay were — and might still be — present beneath the surface. Those deposits could explain why the Martian crust is less dense than expected for a basaltic crust, the researchers say. The deposits would also serve as large underground storage reservoirs for water.
“There potentially would have been quite a lot of water locked up in these buried clays,” Parman said. “You could imagine that if those deposits were heated up by magmatism or some other process they would have released that water, perhaps providing a transient water supply to the surface. That could have implications for past habitability.”
Mustard, who chaired the committee that laid out the science goals for NASA's Mars 2020 rover, hopes this new hypothesis could inform future Martian exploration.
“This would be a really interesting hypothesis to test,” he said. “Depending on where the rover ultimately lands, I think we could get the right samples to illuminate these questions.”
What is this, October!? According to a blog post published by a disgruntled parent of a student, the Ontario College of Art and Design (OCAD) is forcing students to buy an art history book for $180 — which wouldn't be unheard of, but the catch is that the publishers of this book didn't get any of the image rights for the artwork it includes. To reiterate, that's an art history survey without any pictures. WTF?
Instead of having pictures of artwork, the book, Global Visual and Material Culture: Prehistory to 1800 (so named for the course it goes with), instead just has placeholders with instructions to see a digital version for the actual image. It's like a website with only broken image links. Just check out this hilarious sample page from the book:
At first, it seemed that the publisher couldn't clear the copyright permissions before the book's print run. But as it turns out, the book is actually a zombie-like combination of parts of three different art history books. A letter from the school's dean stated that had they decided to clear all the images for copyright to print, the book would have cost a whopping $800.
The disgruntled parent complains, “I'm not particularly interested in paying any amount for an imageless art history textbook.” We're inclined to agree. In the context, OCAD's faux-inspiring slogan of “imagination is everything” takes on a whole new meaning. Don't have any pictures of art? Just imagine them all!
God's Favor Premium in-game currency. Can be spent on custmozation and services in our premium shop. Premium in-game currency.
10 000 GF (worth 10$)
Premium Subscription Receive special benefits with the premium account. Receive special benefits with the premium account.
30 Days
Ticket to the Abella (cannot be transferred) Transfers your character to the Abella - main continent. Abella does not have limitations that Newbie Island have. Cannot be dropped after death. Cannot be transfered. Consumable. Transfers your character to the Mainland.
1 ticket
Weapon Skin We will permanently unlock one random weapon skin customization. You will be able to apply this skin across all the characters on your account in this region. Permanently unlock one random Weapon skin customization.
Weapon Skin
Uncommon Hat Skin We will permanently unlock one random hat skin customization. You will be able to apply this skin across all the characters on your account in this region. Permanently unlock one random Hat skin customization.
Uncommon Hat Skin
Rare Royal Armor Set Skin We will permanently unlock one random Royal Armor Set (100 skill) skin customization. You will be able to apply this skin across all the characters on your account in this region. Permanently unlock one random Royal Armor Set (100 skill) skin customization .
The Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA) is the bill in the US Congress that just refuses to die. Like a zombie, it keeps rising from the dead to harass cyber activists and civil liberties advocates. In a slight reprieve, Representative Mike Rogers, CISPA's previous co-sponsor, has announced that he will not run for re-election. Never one to waste an opportunity for a crisis, a House Democrat, Representative Dutch Ruppersberger, has decided to re-introduce CISPA after the Sony hacks, which the US government blames on North Korea.
The full text of the reintroduced CISPA bill can be found here RUPPER_001_xml-1
Even though CISPA 2015 was introduced last Thursday, for some reason, the text of the bill has not appeared on Congress.gov. Earlier today, I called Representative Ruppersberger's office to get a copy of the bill.
Under CISPA 2015 (HR 234), the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Attorney General, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Secretary of Defense would create the cyber threat information sharing program and also provide oversight for the program's civil liberties protections. This is akin to allowing the foxes to guard the hen house. CISPA 2015 also mandates privacy and civil liberties reports, but allows government agencies to classify the annexes to the reports. In other words, CISPA 2015 does not intend to have any real oversight for civil liberties and privacy. Cyber threat information shared with the government would also be exempt from the Freedom of Information Act and would be a serious blow to transparency in government. Perhaps the worst thing about the CISPA 2015 bill is that it would give immunity from criminal prosecution and lawsuits to anyone sharing cyber threat information with the government. CISPA 2015 would provide for an even cozier relationship between Silicon Valley and the US government at the detriment of civil liberties and privacy for everyone else.
CISPA 2015 has now been referred to the House Committees on the Judiciary, Armed Services, Homeland Security, and Intelligence.
Guest Author: Rachael Tackett
Rachel comes from the Occupy Movement and and is an expert in Freedom of Information Requests
Featured image: CC BY-NC-SA Adapted from work by Alexandre G.
Warwick Davis Is Officially In For Star Wars Episode 7, Watch Him Celebrate Here By Sean O'Connell Random Article Blend Star Wars: Episode VII. Though he also had a role in 1999's The Phantom Menace, Davis has stayed busy in the Star Wars community as a host and moderator for numerous fan events around the globe. And now, according to this video, he has found his way into Star Wars: Episode VII.
Post by Star Wars
Best casting announcement ever?
This is a very clever video made by Warwick Davis and shared on the official
Not that Warwick Davis has been sitting around waiting for Star Wars producer Kathleen Kennedy – of his former director, George Lucas – to give him a call. The actor transitioned from the Star Wars films to the massively successful Harry Potter franchise, where he played Filius Flitwick, Head of the Ravenclaw House.
Finding room for Warwick Davis is just another concession that J.J. Abrams is making to the fans in an effort to connect Star Wars: Episode VII to the original films. When you already have
So, will we recognize Warwick Davis? Will he be buried under makeup? Let's hope more will be revealed as we get closer to the movie's release date. Warwick Davis' first screen role was as the Ewok Wicket in the 1983 film. Though he also had a role in 1999's, Davis has stayed busy in thecommunity as a host and moderator for numerous fan events around the globe. And now, according to this video, he has found his way intoBest casting announcement ever?This is a very clever video made by Warwick Davis and shared on the official Star Wars Facebook page . The little details in the video crack me up, from the tiny Ewok action figure sitting on Davis' desk at the beginning of the clip, to the image of him on a coffee mug and the phrase, "Actual size."Not that Warwick Davis has been sitting around waiting forproducer Kathleen Kennedy – of his former director, George Lucas – to give him a call. The actor transitioned from thefilms to the massively successfulfranchise, where he played Filius Flitwick, Head of the Ravenclaw House.Finding room for Warwick Davis is just another concession that J.J. Abrams is making to the fans in an effort to connectto the original films. When you already have Mark Hamill , Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher in the movie, I'm not sure how many more bridges you need between the old trilogy and the new series of films. And Davis did appear late in the original trilogy. Hopefully this doesn't mean that Abrams wants Ewoks in his movie. Because we do not need a return to Endor, and a musical sequence. Yub nub, yourself, sir.So, will we recognize Warwick Davis? Will he be buried under makeup? Let's hope more will be revealed as we get closer to the movie's release date. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Precision agriculture holds the promise of increasing profits whilst minimising environmental impact by adopting a novel data rich approach. As outlined in the Nesta web resource on precision agriculture, the countryside is set to be transformed by fleets of robots, smart tractors and a multitude of sensors.
Recently the UK government launched its agri-tech strategy with a budget of £160 million to transform the UK into a world renowned centre of agri-tech innovation. Government emphasis remains centred on the export of this technology; little consideration seems to have been given to what it means to UK agriculture. The rhetoric has overlooked the most important actor in the adoption of precision agriculture - the farmer. As farmers manage 75% of our green and pleasant land, contribute £9.9 billion to the economy, and employ 464,000 people careful consideration must be given to the future of industry.
Those that could benefit most from this agricultural revolution are not the large corporate farms but small family run farms. Given the UK agricultural sector is comprised mainly of family farms there is huge potential for precision agriculture to take hold. This could transform the outlook for British small family farms which are facing crises as pressure on food prices increase. Precision agriculture could change the fortune for the family farm. What does the owner of the UK family farm need?
The future farmer
Like any industry undergoing increasing automation this inevitably results in a decreasing workforce. Agribots like the broccoli or lettuce bot will especially impact on employment of seasonal or migrant workers. However all is not lost. This revolution offers agriculture a chance to diversify the skillset of the farmer. To capitalise on this technology the future farmer will need to know how to fly a drone and repair robots. Even some knowledge of coding may prove useful. This would transform public perceptions of this sector from low paid and unrewarding to a high tech and innovative industry. Such a transition would certainly fit within the government ambitions to rejuvenate an aging workforce.
But how do we disseminate the knowledge and skills among farmers when most are self-employed and working over 12 hours a day? These are questions that we need to address now in preparation for the revolution, or face a skills shortage later.
Harper Adams University offers a masters in precision agriculture, but when only 27% of farmers receive formal training and 59% are over 55, formal or higher education is probably not appropriate. Existing farmer networks may be the best channels to spread new ideas and approaches.
Those that could benefit most from this agricultural revolution are not the large corporate farms but small family run farms.
Organisations like the iFA (innovation for agriculture) and agriskills forum already offer some workshops. Increasing support and investment in these schemes would allow greater participation and tailoring courses to a farmer's needs.
To save time, long-distance online courses or webinars might be preferred. More creative experimental farmers may want to hack the tech for their farm's specific needs, in which case rural tech meetup groups may be useful.
Data Mountains
Up until now farming has involved the management of hectares of land, but the amount of data generated by precision farming will be enormous. Farmers will have to contend with the management of terabytes of information.
This throws up many questions - firstly how will this data be stored and accessed? In our vision of the farm of the future we proposed that this function would be served by the cloud. The cloud is imagined as the glue binding the farm together; through it, all information based decisions are made. Yet this integrated service does not yet exist. Companies offering drone mapping of farms send the data to their clients via a USB stick in the post. As data begins to exponentially grow, it will soon become a hot topic for farmers - who owns it? What is it worth?
This revolution is as much about decision as precision agriculture. Farmers need help deciphering this treasure trove of data through software that can bring together lots of data from different sources in a meaningful way to support decision making.
In the US several large agri-tech companies offer big data storage and analysis services. For example John Deere has an online portal through which farmers can access the data gathered from their own sensors attached to their machinery. This connects with external data sets like weather and even allows farmers to benefit from crowdsourced data and real time monitoring. But who benefits more from this service, the farmer or John Deere? There are concerns over privacy, security and exploitation.
This revolution is as much about decision as precision agriculture.
Farmers are concerned about the highly confidential and competition-sensitive nature of their data about their farm and yields. Potentially this data could be brought together to better co-ordinate food production, avoiding food mountains and costly surplus. Equally though this information could allow people to play the system - manipulate food prices. Hence farmers are hesitant to fully embrace precision agriculture.
Greater assurance is needed about how the data is owned, and shared. A secure, regulated storage and sharing facility, along with the accompanying legislation could foster confidence in the farming community. This role may be best played by an independent advisory body, separate from industry. The technology is there to generate the data but the knowledge of what we do with it is lacking.
In our vision of the future farm we imagine this data could provide an alternative revenue stream, the details of which need to be explored. Also we suggest using data as a form of digital evidence. This would save time and money and ensure the accuracy of information submitted for grant application or standards agencies. But government and EU investment is needed to develop this system, and redesign the whole process for submission of evidence. Crucially we need to think innovatively about how we use this data.
Rural broadband
More fundamental than how we use this data is how farmers access it. Agriculture tapping into the internet of things relies on a high speed and quality broadband connection, a feature many rural communities still lack. 13% of farmers still don't have reliable access to the internet and 60% of those with a connection only have speeds of 2Mbps, insufficient to deal with data heavy maps drones and sensors will generate.
Focus needs to be on the rural infrastructure. This could be achieved through expanding existing networks but a better approach may be to encourage the development of community owned networks like B4RN. Broadband for Rural North provides a great example of how community driven initiatives can deploy superfast fibre optic broadband to rural areas cheaply.
Farmers are often the main barrier in the installation of new cabling. One of the successes of B4RN was getting access to land for little or no cost. Persuading farmers of the benefit of allowing cable to be installed across their land may help more communities establish rural infrastructure. Additionally, a comprehensive map of UK internet infrastructure and access would be useful in facilitating this development. Despite our reliance on the internet it still isn't clear who is and isn't connected in the UK. Mapping of this utility would help emphasise the case for rural development, and demonstrate the disadvantage of agriculture in comparison to other industries.
Precision-Benefit Calculator
Given three quarter of British farms are long established family farms, the UK could really profit.
There is a lot of interest from farmers around the potential of precision agriculture. Around 60% of UK farmers already use some sort of precision agriculture on their farms, although for the most part this simply means using GPS tractor steering. Many farmers are still cautious about entering into this space. It is the small family farms rather than the big agri business that stand to benefit most.
The small scale nature of many of these new technologies do not lend themselves to large scale agriculture where the current practices are more efficient but fit perfectly in a smaller setting. Given three quarters of British farms are long established family farms, the UK could really profit. But to get there the family farmer might need to be shown how they could benefit. This will require more than the existing Defra grants to encourage the use of drones and robocrops.
An understanding of where and how they could benefit would be hugely valuable. The development of a cost benefit calculator of adopting new precision agriculture technology or approaches would help farmers make the most of this revolution. This could be complemented by work by Farming Advice Service.
Ultimately envisioning the future farm is futile if farmers do not share this vision. The UK has the opportunity to become a world leader in precision agriculture exporting both innovation and expertise. For this to be realised the UK government needs to support the agricultural community at home in making the transition to a data rich method of farming. Government needs to be having conversations over farm gates as well as with industry and other stakeholders to create an image of future UK agriculture.
The UK has the opportunity to become a world leader in precision agriculture.
Governments could do more to support precision agriculture with: ​
Just hours after a white supremacist allegedly murdered three people at a Jewish community center and a Jewish retirement home outside Kansas City, the local police chief insisted that nothing could have been done to stop the shootings.
“This was, unfortunately, totally unexpected,” Overland Park Police Chief John Douglass told a news conference. “If we had the slightest hint it was going to happen, we would have done everything we could to stop it.”
Yet the arrest came as less than a shock for anti-extremist investigators who have tracked Frazier Glenn Cross, also known as Frazier Glenn Miller, since the 1970s.
“I thought, ‘Wow, someone I'm so familiar with has done something so heinous,'” said Heidi Beirich, who leads the Southern Poverty Law Center's Intelligence Project. “On the other hand, what do you expect? These views drive a lot of people to do this kind of violence.”
Beirich's group has clashed repeatedly with Miller since the 1980s, and she knew him particularly well. Last fall, while trying to get in touch with racist serial killer Joseph Paul Franklin, Beirich had a series of hour-long conversations with Miller, who knew Franklin. Despite knowing that Beirich was an investigator for the SPLC, the white supremacist was eager to talk to her.
“He was trying to convince me about how evil the Jews are, basically,” Beirich said of her conversations with Miller. “When you talk to him on the phone, he sounded like an older man who had crazy, scary views. You don't expect someone who's 73 years old to pick up a gun and do this.”
The alleged assailant shot William Lewis Corporon and his 14-year-old grandson, Reat Griffin Underwood, in the parking lot of the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City at around 1 p.m. on April 13.
A short time later, a woman identifies as 53-year-old Terri LeManno was shot in the parking lot of Village Shalom, a nearby Jewish retirement home where her mother lives.
None of the victims were Jewish. Miller was arrested minutes later in a nearby elementary school parking lot.
The day after the killings, Beirich was still trying to figure out what had triggered the longtime racist radical activist to pick up a weapon and shoot people on that day, after decades in the white supremacy movement. She noted that he had emphysema, and may have felt that his days of being strong enough to carry out such an attack were limited.
“Maybe this was some crazy white supremacist bucket list,” Beirich offered.
She also said that April 13 would have been the 64th birthday of Franklin, who was suspected of up to 20 murders in a racist killing spree and was executed in a Missouri state prison in November.
“Did that play a role? I don't know,” Beirich said.
Over the course of their conversations, Miller tried to get Beirich to join a racist Web forum on which he was active, called the Vanguard News Network, and debate him there.
“He really thought he was going to convince me of the error of my anti-racist ways,” Beirich said.
Miller was no rank-and-file white supremacist. A fringe figure in racist circles after he testified against fellow white supremacists in the late 1990s, he led a series of militant white supremacist groups in the 1980s.
“He has been an active white supremacist for over 30 years,” said the Anti-Defamation League's director of investigative research, Mark Pitcavage, who has also tracked Miller. “He was a very prominent white supremacist.”
A former U.S. Army master sergeant who spent 13 years in the Green Berets, according to the SPLC, Miller joined a neo-Nazi group in the mid-1970s before founding a Ku Klux Klan chapter in the 1980s.
Miller's KKK group, the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, was one of the country's largest regional KKK groups, according to Pitcavage. At the time, Pitcavage said, KKK groups were engaged in paramilitary activities involving military-style weapons. According to the SPLC, Miller received $200,000 to fund his activities from The Order, an underground white supremacist group that killed Jewish talk show host Alan Berg in 1984.
The SPLC sued him in 1984 for intimidating a witness, then assisted federal prosecutors in a 1986 criminal trial against him. According to the SPLC, witnesses testified at the 1986 trial that Miller had received 13 anti-tank rockets from military personnel.
Though Miller was found guilty of criminal contempt, he jumped bail and disappeared soon after. He was caught by the FBI in a trailer in Missouri that was loaded with weapons. Following his capture, Miller cut a plea deal with prosecutors, testifying against fellow white supremacists in return for a reduced sentence.
“Because he testified against other prominent white supremacists, the white supremacy movement basically ostracized him,” Pitcavage said. After being released from prison, Miller laid low for a few years before re-emerging in the late 1990s. Since then, he has run for U.S. Senate, published a book and been active on the forums at VNN.
As part of his 2010 run for the U.S. Senate from Missouri, Miller aired a radio advertisement in which he railed against immigrants and African Americans, using a series of racial slurs.
“The future of white children will be a nightmare,” he said in the ad.
Two of Miller's three sons have died since Miller was released from prison, according to Pitcavage. One son died in a car accident in 1998, police shot another son in 2008, following a road rage incident.
In postings at VNN, Miller often praised Franklin. After Miller helped the SPLC get in touch with Franklin, who was on death row at a Missouri state prison, Franklin denounced his own murder spree, in which he had targeted interracial couples.
“I've prayed to the Lord for forgiveness,” Franklin told the SPLC. “I not only asked the Lord for me, but I've prayed for all of my victims, too.”
Miller discounted Franklin's recanting of his crimes, according to Beirich.
On the day of the shootings, Beirich called Miller's wife to ask if she knew where her husband was. Miller's wife, who was unaware of what had happened, told Beirich that Miller had left the house in the afternoon the day before to go to a local casino, then called her that morning to say that he had won a lot of money.
When Beirich called later, Miller's wife said that police had arrived to inform her that her husband had been arrested.
Following the killings, some commenters at VNN praised Miller, while others condemned him for killing two non-Jews. “I don't agree with what [Miller] did (since it didn't accomplish much), or who he chose to target, nor do I condone random violence, but I certainly don't have empathy for them — some christians at a jewish community center,” one VNN commenter wrote.
Both Beirich and Pitcavage said that they saw similarities between Miller and James Wenneker von Brunn[, the 88-year-old white supremacist who shot a guard at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington in 2009. Both were older men who had been active in the white supremacist movement in the 1980s and had been relegated to the fringes of the movement in recent years.
“When your motivations are ideological, age is not necessarily a limit,” Pitcavage said.
For Beirich, the biggest question is how to know when violent words are set to turn into violent actions. “You just don't know when one of these people (is) going to go from activism to picking up a gun,” Beirich said. “What we know is, a lot of killers come from this world…. But what is it that eventually causes them to go kill somebody?”
Contact Josh Nathan-Kazis at nathankazis@forward.com or on Twitter, @joshnathankazis
This story "Neo-Nazi's Bloody Rampage Little Surprise to Those Who Track Extremists" was written by Josh Nathan-Kazis.
SPAIN's Civil Guard raided printers in Catalonia yesterday, in a desperate hunt to catch anyone making ballot papers for the independence referendum on October 1.
The armed officers staked out the Indugraf Offset printers in Constantí, near Tarragona in southern Catalonia, searching staff and cleaners going in and out of the building.
Spain's conservative government, desperate to crush the vote, have instructed security forces to prevent any preparations, and to seize any materials that could be used in a referendum.
Pro-independence campaigners from the leftwing CUP party protested outside the firm, handing mocked-up ballot papers over to officers.
“We've handed referendum voting slips to the Civil Guard. They don't have to look for printing houses and pressure workers. They can leave now,” they tweeted.
Just hours after the Catalan parliament passed the legislation to hold an independence referendum on Wednesday, Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy ordered a crackdown on supporters of separation.
“There won't be a self-determination referendum,” Rajoy told reporters. “I will do whatever is needed, without relinquishing anything, to prevent it.”
Spain's constitutional courts have suspended the vote, as expected, and have warned all officials in the region, all the mayors in Catalonia, about 1,000 public servants in total, including the regional police chief, to comply with the decision or face consequences.
Earlier, chief prosecutor José Manuel Maza told reporters he had asked security forces to investigate what preparations, if any, the Catalan government had made to hold the referendum.
Maza has already launched lawsuits against the entire Catalan cabinet and all members of the parliament who backed the referendum bill.
They've been charged with perversion of justice, disobedience and misuse of public funds.
The director general of Catalan public television, TV3, and Cataluña Radio were also warned by the Spanish government that they had a duty to prevent the vote from being prepared or taking place.
“We all decide together about what belongs to all of us, which is our country,” Rajoy said.
He added: “What happened yesterday is an act of dishonourable disobedience to our democratic institutions,” said Rajoy. “We are all obliged to comply with the decisions of the Constitutional Court.”
Nevertheless, the Catalan government have said they will proceed.
Carles Puigdemont, the president, sent a letter to all the region's city halls on Thursday asking them to help facilitate the vote.
Yesterday morning, La Vanguardia, a national newspaper printed in Barcelona, reported that more than 600 of the 943 mayors had agreed to help.
Around three had said no.
Barcelona's mayor,` Ada Colau, has not yet said if the city would open its polling places on October 1. Around 360,000 people are expected to take part in a pro-independence march through the city on Monday.
If yes wins the referendum vote, known as 1-O, the Catalans will declare independence three days later on October 4.
Early yesterday morning, after hours of debate, the parliament passed the Law of Transitional Jurisprudence and Foundation of the Republic – powers they say will allow them to go from being part of Spain to becoming a new independent country.
While the JxSí (Together for Yes) coalition and CUP (Popular Unity Candidacy) backed the Bill, around 62 politicians from Ciutadans (Citizens), PSC (Socialists' Party of Catalonia) and PP (Popular Party) walked out.
JxSí, deputy Jordi Orobitg said: “Catalonia and all the Catalans are worthy of this opportunity”, before ending his remarks with “Visca Catalunya lliure”, which translates as “Long live free Catalonia”.
CUP deputy Benet Salellas denied that there had ever been an ethno-nationalist rationale behind the Catalonian independence movement. “In this country people have multiple identities – identities that go beyond flags,” he said.
“This isn't a conflict of Spanish and Catalan law. It's a debate between an established power and a power that is constructed from below and looks to argue power from the street.”
The leader of the Ciudadanos opposition, Inés Arrimadas, said the push for independence would have devastating consequences for devolution.
“Many of you don't believe the lies that have been told these last months. Be brave please. We're putting the self-governance of Catalonia in danger,” warned Arrimadas. She ended: “You've burnt all the boats, you've broken all the bridges, and you'll be the only ones that won't take part in the solution.”
It feels like we've been waiting a long, long time for what we're going to get in Sunday's finale to Sherlock series 2. Because this is when Andrew Scott's Moriarty gets a lot more screen time, as he does battle with Benedict Cumberbatch's title character.
Just after filming on the show finished, Andrew Scott spared us a bit of time to talk about Moriarty, Sherlock, and playing opposite Benedict Cumberbatch. Here's how it went...
It feels like we've been waiting an awful long time to get quality time with your Moriarty, given the gap between this series of Sherlock and the last. Were you conscious of that when you came to filming?
Yeah, I was. I was really looking forward to being able to flesh him out. We get more of him this time.
The challenge with the last one was to try and make an impact in that ten minutes. This time around, there's more screentime, and a chance to go a little bit deeper with him.
And then you had to wait for the scheduling to fall into place this time, given Martin Freeman's commitments to The Hobbit!
Yeah. It was sort of a weird summer. I was doing a play at the National Theatre over the summer, and I was knee-deep in rehearsal when we began filming. I was quite grateful to have the time to do the other stuff.
It seemed like quite a long time, but in a weird way, it felt like only yesterday that we filmed [series one].
Going back to how Moriarty came to you in the first place. How was he originally pitched to you, as there's an element of an anti-Moriarty to him?
He wasn't really pitched. But I decided not to do too much delving into who played him before, and stuff like that. I decided when I went in to meet them to go with whatever I felt my instinct was.
I think they responded to that. I was anxious... to me, what's scary about people are that you don't really know what's going on in their lives, and you don't know much about them. So I wanted to bring out the scary part of myself.
He's someone who may look like an everyday person, but [Steven Moffat and Mark Gatiss] talk a lot about hiding in plain light. I think that's a very interesting concept. Rather than having huge amounts of costume changes, if you use your brain, you can be right under someone's nose and they don't know it.
So were there any touch points, outside of the world of Sherlock Holmes, from any other villainous performances when you were playing Moriarty?
No. I just know that I'd steal from them, so I didn't look at anything! [Laughs]
Actually, I didn't look at anything... I think what people do is they go he's a bit like this, and a bit like this... I didn't try to do that, or think 'that's what I should base it on'.
The cliffhanger we were left with in the ten minutes at the end of series one was Sherlock arguably at his very coldest, and Moriarty was, I wouldn't say warm, but he was seemingly a bit more upbeat.
Yeah, I think that's interesting about it. He's very playful, and that's what I suppose I wanted to bring to it as well.
I think sometimes the villain... the very typical idea of being very suave and very menacing, it doesn't necessarily have to be someone who's that way. That's what makes it, possibly, a little bit more surprising. That way, you put a proper stamp on a character, rather than become one of the villains that we already know.
I think, because there was a build up anyway to Moriarty being revealed and what Moriarty was going to look like... I think it would be very boring to go in and do something that we've all possibly seen before.
I try and look at what dark and scary things there are in me, and what scares me. That's why I tried to make [Moriarty] a bit more playful. He's the ying to Sherlock's yang, and I think in that situation, he has to make an impression.
What also contributed to the impact of Moriarty's introduction, though, was that television audiences weren't that familiar with you. We had no pre-conception of you on television.
I think that's really true. I think in my job, it's quite difficult to find work on television... you don't necessarily want to get a profile for something that you don't fully believe in. I've been quite conscious... not keeping a low profile, there are things I wanted to get and haven't got. But a lot of the stuff I've turned away to concentrate on really good stuff, and really good parts. I think that's what you have to do in the early parts of your career.
I think that now I'm a little more settled into my career, it was a really lovely opportunity to play something a bit more high profile. Popular, rather than high profile. Something really well written.
I've seen a small part of the third episode, which I don't want to spoil. So I'll just say it was a scene with you and Benedict, with two intelligent people sitting down and, to put it simply, having a chat. What level of preparation do you have to put in, to get the depth and quality of their conversations across?
I think that's a really good question, because when something's really well written, and the dialogue is really sparky, that's what you have to focus on. How do we make this as good as possible?
For me, with Moriarty, it's very important that the playful, unexpected feeling is maintained. I think for that reason, you can't really have too much preparation. You want to be as spontaneous as possible, so for that reason, I just learned the lines, really. And then tried it as many different ways on the day as possible.
Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't, but I rely very much on Benedict and what we do together. It's that chemistry between two actors, that you are really actually listening to the other person.
You can't really know what that's like, or prepare too much for it, until you're on the set, and then you give yourself over to it completely. Sometimes I found that different takes worked really, really differently each time. But then you give it over to them, and see what works in the edit.
It's the stillness that works. It's almost a theatre-driven way of approaching the material. But without the over-theatrical style that theatre sometimes falls into, if that makes sense.
Yeah, it does. I know exactly what you mean.
I love it when you just have a conversation. It worked really well at the end of series one. It really helped that Paul McGuigan held the shot so still.
Yeah. Toby Haynes is directing this next one, and he just allowed us to do it again and again and again. And sometimes you'd do a barrage of things, and I'd then think, oh that's wrong. But you've got to go there. I think it all helps in making Moriarty unsettling. I would say to expect the unexpected with him a little bit.
It's a really bold choice to come to this next story so soon, six stories into this take on Sherlock.
Mark and Steven were always saying why not do the stuff that we enjoy the most, while we're having the most fun? I'm with them on that. I think you've got to go 'we love all this, so let's do it while we're all massively enthusiastic about it'.
Have you had discussions about future appearances for Moriarty? I don't want to spoil anything, and I'd imagine the chronology is something that can be played with anyway. But just wondering if any chats have taken place?
We have. It's very interesting on that score. You go, what's the right thing to do? How much do you use Moriarty, and much do you protect him? I'm starting to feel very protective of that. I think his power is that he's not overused, but then you want to have some fun with him as well. I think the balance of that in series two is nice.
What you're facing now, presumably, is that the offers tend to follow what you've been successful at. With film and TV now, I'd imagine you've had a reasonable amount of copycat stuff coming through your inbox?
Yeah, that's absolutely right. Although what's been good is that because I've been around a little while, and because Moriarty was a surprise to many people, all of my roles have been slightly different to that.
You have to be careful about it, and I might avoid anything villainy for a while. Although there are different types of villains.
That's what I get a kick out of: playing completely different types of characters. I think the next thing I'll do will be a period drama, something completely different.
But I like Moriarty, [he's] so completely willing to do something you can react against, rather than be an insipid character… I sometimes think that's why you get boring characters on television, you tend to get variations on a theme. A UK or Irish version of an American show, or whatever. They're the kind of shows I'm not interested in.
It's why I'm proud of Sherlock. That it's taken a really classic tale, and made it absolutely itself. It's why, I don't know what you think, I've found it extraordinary the amount of affection there was for the show after just three episodes.
But then it's an excellent show, both in the show itself, and when it was scheduled. The scheduling went against every rule of what you're supposed to do…
Absolutely. It's audacious, and that's what I feel about Moriarty as well. You have to go in and be brave about it, and say 'I'm going to do it this way'. And, of course, people react to it, and go 'oh my God, it's this and I wanted it be this'. But you say, 'you know what, it isn't!' And then of course people get used to it, and that's how you end up making something unique and special. It's the point of being an artist.
Benedict Cumberbatch tells a story about when, after Sherlock, he went to the swimming baths and people stopped in their tracks and went, he's Sherlock! I would imagine if a load of kids saw you at a swimming baths, they'll be terrified…
[Laughs] Hopefully they're not near the deep end!
Are you finding any problems with being recognised as this iconic villain?
No, not really! I don't know, but for whatever reason I seem quite different to Moriarty in real life! I'm okay, I certainly don't have what Mr Cumberbatch has. Just a couple of people in the street.
See what happens once the series has ended…
I think you might have a point, there! [Laughs]
Andrew Scott, thank you very much!
The final episode of Sherlock series 2, The Reichenbach Fall, screens this coming Sunday.
Follow Den Of Geek on Twitter right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
WELCOME TO WHORE ISLAND ARCHER WEEK AT UPROXX! Call Kenny Loggins because we're dedicating the entire week to all things ISIS and the best animated show on television. Over the next couple of days we'll be going live with one Archer-ific feature after another, leading up to Thursday night's premiere (Burt Reynolds people!) that I'll be live blogging as part of a new regular FX comedy weekly conversation. It will be kind of like the GG's open thread but with more ocelot references. Get excited.
It only feels right to get the ball rolling with the best of Code Name “Duchess” and go from there. Even if you've never seen an episode (seriously, get it together) I see no way Sterling Archer doesn't become your spirit guide after this compilation of tactinecks, pirate deaths, hooker phrasing, and more.
Check back in this week for exclusives, giveaways, excessive quoting, and who knows what else. I don't want to make any promises, but it will probably be life-altering.
ARCHER WEEK UPDATE: Aisha Tyler Interview
Sources: #Sterling+Archer & F*ck Yeah Archer GIFs
Bitcoin Classic, a fork of Bitcoin with a doubled two-megabyte block size limit, appears to have failed. Now, many in the Bitcoin community have voiced fears that, with a continued one-megabyte limit, transaction confirmation times and fees will increase to the point where Bitcoin itself is untenable, potentially dooming the cryptocurrency.
However, Steven Zeiler, Software Architect at Zen Software and former software architect for Ripple, holds a different view. He feels that the block size limit is at present a non-issue, and that the Bitcoin economy continues to work relatively seamlessly, with no major threats on the horizon from the one-megabyte limit.
Cointelegraph spoke to Zeiler about why the state of Bitcoin is strong despite block size limit challenges.
Block size limit issue
Cointelegraph: Do you view a 1MB block size limit to be an issue?
Steven Zeiler: I spend Bitcoin nearly every day for regular purchases, using a variety of wallets, services and exchanges, and in my experience the payment network is functioning exceptionally well. Yes, a cap on the block size will eventually raise the fees per, but I'm confident transaction verification won't be too poorly affected, since most merchants don't ever wait for a confirmation anyway.
The merchants I'm setting up all use BitPay, which seems to have algorithms for confirming transaction validity instantly with a high degree of certainty. The agorists and smaller businesses I deal with who use regular wallets also aren't usually aware of the "block confirmation" timescale and simply count the bill as paid when they see the transaction has been broadcast.
I did have one issue last year because my wallet didn't have adjustable fees and a payment to a Coinbase merchant online was stalled, and I had to deal with customer service, but since then most wallets I use have corrected the problem by offering dynamic fees.
Though I haven't analyzed the blocks, my hunch is that most blocks have lots of room for transactions with reasonable fees, and we will simply see low-fee transactions crowded out. At the end of the day, with services like Purse.io and Airbitz I can save 5-10% or more on nearly everything I need to live, so a 10 or 25 cent transaction fee doesn't even register as important to consider in my mind.
Confirmation times
CT: Do you think higher transaction volume will ever make confirmation times an actual issue? Weeklong-plus confirmations, for example.
SZ: Everything being equal, more Bitcoin payments might lead to higher confirmation times, but the trend I see is wallets and payment processors researching and implementing technology to increase confidence. The market for wallets is heating up, and the ones with the best confirmation experience and technology will win greater share.
Ultimately confirmation comes down to trust, do you trust the person paying you isn't going to double-spend? If so your confirmation time is equal to the transaction broadcast propagation time, ie almost instantaneous. When shopping locally, I feel a high degree of trust with my neighbors so trust isn't a limiting factor. Chances are that if a transaction makes it into the mempool, it is going to become part of the blockchain.
CT: You mentioned increased fees not being an issue because of discounts from using Bitcoin. What about with merchants that offer no discount?
SZ: For me, the transaction fee is the cost of doing business, and currently that cost is extremely low. For example I bought two water bottles the other day at Bikram Yoga Portsmouth with Bitcoin, and paid a fee of ten cents on five dollars. That's still only 2%, whereas credit cards would be higher. But if I was paying my monthly dues of $100 the fee would still be only ten cents, only 0.1% of the bill much lower than credit cards. Though fees aren't a pain, one we are experiencing is lack of a recurring billing protocol for Bitcoin, which would help our yoga studio save money.
Potential from increased volume
CT: At what rate, in your opinion, would Bitcoin fees become a problem?
SZ: Higher fees have marginal disutility, so as they increase, fees become a problem for more, but different, people. For me, fees have never been a problem. If I hold Bitcoin worth $1,000 and in a year or two it is worth $2,000 because of increased demand and decreased supply, then I don't really care how much I've paid in fees. Honestly, the actual amount of the fee has never even registered with me. I do always make sure I pay enough of a fee to go through, though. Maybe if fees go over $1 it will impact day to day use, but that is speculation.
It makes sense that miners would ultimately want to maximize the amount of money they make, and given the market size of the entire world population, it seems that an increase in the block size will ultimately yield them more profits than simply raising fees. I believe the potential for fees from increased transaction volume vastly outweighs the potential for higher fees on the same transaction volume, and miners will tend to act like other economic players and maximize for profits. Higher fees very well may prevent poorer people for using Bitcoin, but I'm interested in using Bitcoin here in New Hampshire, one of the wealthiest places in the world, in an effort to ditch the Federal Reserve system.
Competition with fiat
CT: Do you see confirmation times and higher fees making Bitcoin lose ground to another cryptocurrency competitor or, worse, to fiat money?
SZ: That's a great question. I would love to live in a world where the general public is actively discriminating between crypto currencies based on their fees and confirmation time. To answer the question in a word, no, if Bitcoin fails to gain market share against central bank money it is because people like you and me aren't talking about the benefit of Bitcoin to their neighbors and friends, to the girl at the coffee shop and the mechanic fixing your car. It's our responsibility to teach people that they even want better money. Deep down most people know there is a problem with their money but don't even know they have options. For instance, three people this week said they were interested in Bitcoin but couldn't afford to buy a whole coin! They aren't even aware that you can have $20 worth instead of $750.
As far as losing share against other crypto currencies, confirmation time seems less important than fungibility and privacy since Bitcoin was created by anarchists for anarchists who often value anonymity. When I worked at Ripple, we were measuring something like 200 transactions per second with a final confirmation time of three to five seconds. Why then did libertarians and Bitcoin fans hate Ripple so much? Because their system is designed specifically to not be private and anonymous, so no real people (other than bank employees) use Ripple even though it has superior confirmation time, fees and throughput.
In this day and age, one should never assume that “educated” persons, especially those who have “earned” advanced degrees in economics, know the least bit of economics or possess the least bit of sense that might steer them away from the refuse that passes for economic thought. This is especially true in the case of those who propose ruinous money policies, thereby joining the ranks of monetary cranks and demonstrating to one and all an economics IQ south of 25.
I speak specifically of Biagio Bossone and Richard Wood. They have penned an article that more than amply wins them the prize of monetary crank of the year. Unlike lay populist-inflationists who are commoners lacking in economics education, these two gentlemen have no such excuse. Both are professional economists who have been and still are very deeply involved with governments and government institutions.
Bossone and Wood are very dangerous men. Their ruinously inflationary ideas, if adopted, will destroy the economies that they think will be saved. The lofty positions they have held in such institutions as the World Bank, the IMF, the OECD, the Paris Club, and the Australian Treasury make them all the more dangerous. But what makes them most dangerous is their ability to make their proposals sound logical, necessary and effective. They are persuasive to the kinds of officials and politicians who respect statist credentials and who are looking for a magical solution to what they view as “problems”. We are living in such a topsy-turvy world of ignorance married to power that the most incredibly stupid policies can be recommended and adopted. Shallow, impatient and ignorant politicians possessed of an agenda and biases listen to a brain trust, as in the classic case of Franklin Delano Roosevelt. They then proceed to inflict terrible policies upon a nation.
Bossone and Wood have a ready recipe for ruining the market economy of any country. The name of it is – MONETARY INFLATION. But they do not call it by that name. We already have one new name for inflation of the monetary base, and that is QE (quantitative easing), and now we have another, thanks to them. It's OMF or overt money financing. There is an important institutional difference in QE and OMF, the result of which is that the price inflation under OMF is worse than under QE.
The word inflation appears once in the cited article, and it is to assure readers that the QE policies so far have not triggered something called “demand-pull inflation”. Forget the adjective demand-pull. They are wrong about inflation, in the monetary aggregates (like the monetary base and money supply), in asset prices, in commodity prices and in retail goods and services.
In the U.S., for example, food prices are rising at over a 4 percent rate. Salmon prices are up 40 percent. Many prescription drug prices are rising 7-10 percent. U.S. home prices are up over 12 percent this year. In 2007, gasoline made a record high of $3.18. Crude oil was $65 a barrel. In 2008, gas fell to $2 and crude to the $40 area where it remained in 2009 until the FED launched its inflation known as QE. Gasoline in 2013 averages $3.55, above its previous record while crude oil is now about $105 a barrel. Bar soap, tuna fish, sardines and potato chips have all been downsized. Palm oil, a major component in commercial soaps, was $382.83 a metric ton in July of 2003. It has doubled to $763.04 as of June, 2013. That's 7 percent a year, on average.
The government constantly adjusts consumer price indexes downwards, under the presumption that when prices rise, people substitute away from their preferred goods to cheaper goods. Yes, one can now read on forums that people decide to make their own soap and do their own auto repairs. This doesn't negate the fact that prices have risen! It only means that the price index doesn't measure the fact that prices have risen. The government can get away with murder in more ways than one.
It is misleading and outright wrong for Bossone and Wood to use technical jargon like “demand-pull” in describing inflation. A continuing rise in prices over many years, which is how inflation manifests itself, has its origin in one cause only and that is excessive money-printing. It is absolutely no accident that Americans are experiencing inflation right now at a high rate, once we observe that the FED's policy has doubled a money supply measure like M1 in just 4 years. That's a rate of 18 percent a year. Bossone and Wood want even more money growth than this. They think the central bank has been too stingy.
Bossone and Wood begin their effort in persuasion by observing “that current monetary and fiscal policies are misplaced and are largely impotent” at stimulating economic growth. I would say they are totally impotent. I would say that they are not only totally impotent, they cause the opposite to happen. They degrade economic growth. There are good reasons for this impotence, which is why their recommendation to change QE to OMF will fail and produce a result opposed to their hopes.
Bossone and Wood think that monetary and fiscal actions by the central bank and government can stimulate economic growth. They are wrong. There is no way in the world that monetary policy can stimulate growth because such growth comes not from “money”. There is more than an ample supply of money to conduct economic exchanges. As long as there are market prices, any supply will suffice; and certainly decades of rising prices attest to the fact that money growth has more than sufficed for the purpose of market transactions.
Growth comes from businesses that invest in profitable projects financed by real savings. It comes from capital accumulation, and that requires saving in an expectation of earning a return. To the extent that central bank and government policies are manipulating interest rates and influencing asset prices, they are discouraging saving and increasing the uncertainty of future returns. There is certainly no way that government can stimulate economic growth if, as it is doing, it borrows from banks, the central bank and the public, thereby either inflating the money supply or diverting savings from business enterprises, and then plows the money into non-productive projects like foreign wars and pseudo-education. Calling these “investments” doesn't make them investments.
The delusion that central banks and governments can stimulate economic growth is at the heart of the Bossone and Wood argument. They think an economy is like a patient with a heart attack who requires stimulation or heart massage. In fact, an economy is more like a basically healthy person who has been battered and shackled by police.
Bossone and Wood drag in the canard of government austerity. To them there is government “austerity”. In April of this year, federal government expenditures are running at an annual rate of $3.82 trillion, just below a record $3.84 trillion one year earlier. Six years earlier, the rate was $2.92 trillion. An increase of 31 percent in 6 years or just over 5 percent a year can hardly be termed austerity.
Bossone and Wood think of the economy in misleading metaphorical terms that make the economy sound like a person who is a sick patient subject to inexorable diseases that require the interventions of physicians. They say that “recovery is failing to take hold” in the same way that a patient fails to recover after being given doses of medicine. Here the medicine is monetary and fiscal medicine or government doctoring. Some countries are “sliding deeper into depression.” This is like a patient sliding into a coma. What's the disease? They say it's “deflationary tendencies”. How wrong can these doctors of economics be when their thermometers cannot even measure prices? How wrong can they be when they assume that the patient's temperature is the cause of the purported disease? How wrong can they be to think that a falling price level, if ever we were to observe such a phenomenon which we are not now observing and haven't observed for decades, is a bad thing? Have consumers not benefitted tremendously from lower prices for information storage and manipulation?
Bossone and Wood are clueless men who nevertheless possess the power of intellectualizing their false ideas. This would not be a bad thing in a stateless world. In this world where governments have powers to enact their destructive policies, we get invasions of Iraq and invasions of market economies.
At least, the two do not hide what they want. They endorse an article by two other inflationists with the title “Helicopter money: or how I stopped worrying and love fiscal-monetary cooperation”. What Bossone and Wood advocate and dub OMF is the age-old fiat money inflation in which the government directly prints and distributes money. The central bank is bypassed. This is the same idea proposed by lawyer Ellen Hodgson Brown. What Bossone and Wood want is “for governments to legislate to enable the Ministry of Finance (not the independent central bank) to create new local legal tender currency to be used to finance budget deficits.” In the U.S., the Ministry of Finance is the Treasury Department.
At present, the central bank has a degree of separation from Congress in the control over the monetary base. This prevents Congress from issue after issue of fiat money. Instead Congress has to borrow money, and borrowing entails subsequent taxation. This stems the money creation. Bossone and Wood propose to remove this institutional barrier. QE policies have already crossed this barrier to a large extent, but Congress built a new one by allowing the central bank to pay interest on bank reserves so as to prevent the conversion of the monetary base into money via bank loans to the public. OMF enables direct fiat money inflation.
Direct control over money has been tried before in this country, in fact, direct government issuance was tried many times by colonial governments. The money issues were called “bills of credit”. Unless the system had built in constraints, not usually the case, the issues far outran the capacities of the governments to collect taxes and to redeem the issues in gold coin, if they so promised. The result was ruinous inflation.
The U.S. Constitution closed the door on bills of credit and mandated silver and gold to be used by the governments, state and federal, as money. This mandate was breached during the Civil War but later repaired. However, the mandate for metallic money was fully erased in stages in the twentieth century, replacing metallic money with central bank money. Now Bossone and Wood are recommending another major step backwards, which is that the central bank money be replaced by government fiat money. It would be obtained by issuing non-marketable bonds to the central bank, which becomes a passive and empty player that ships the dollars or euros to the Treasury.
Bossone and Wood are politically naive. They mention constraints on fiat money issue. Using Italy as an example, they say that the fiat currency would be issued “to directly finance a budget deficit of predetermined magnitude.” The constraint is supposed to be that the budget deficit is “predetermined”. But how? What legislature operating in a democratic political system will not enlarge the budget indefinitely? How could such a predetermination ever occur except by constitutional amendment? How likely is that? What guarantee is there that such an amendment, even if adopted, would not later be altered or ignored?
Bossone and Wood also naively write of the government returning dollars or euros to the central bank to redeem these bonds: “At a later date, if and when appropriate, and after economic growth has provided a revenue dividend, these bonds could be redeemed.” How likely is that to happen? Even now, five years since the panic of 2008, the FED continues to buy $85 billion of mortgage and government bonds a month and constantly devises new excuses for doing so. What government would not have even more excuses not to redeem its modern bills of credit being dubbed OMF?
Bossone and Wood act as if markets do not exist. They act as if the government controls the economic decisions of billions of people, when the reality is that people have substantial power to make their own decisions. Faced with the proposed monetary system, their incentive is to insure themselves against the expected greater depreciation in the currency, which will be caused by even greater fiat money issues than is now the case. They will bid up prices as they attempt to rid themselves of the new money issues circulating in the economy. Price inflation will worsen. Asset price bubbles will occur. Uncertainty over monetary calculation will rise steeply, inhibiting economic growth. It is absolutely astonishing that Bossone and Woods never once mention these consequences of their recommendations even though they have been the ruinous results of such policies many times in the past and even in the recent past.
Every country should only be Zimbabwe, according to Bossone and Wood. Good luck with that.
The Best of Michael S. Rozeff
So while Mr. Koniuk desperately wants to move his younger son into the building's other four-bedroom apartment, he cannot. He is exploring legal options. Robert Murphy, who has lived there for 30 years without a lease, remains, paying $525.82 a month.
Last spring, Mr. Koniuk offered Mr. Murphy $45,000 to move out. Mr. Murphy's lawyer demanded $70,000, a sum Mr. Koniuk says he does not have. Meanwhile, the city's Rent Board notified Mr. Koniuk that he was allowed to increase Mr. Murphy's monthly rent this year by $2.63.
Mr. Murphy did not respond to several phone messages left over a two-week period. Harold Jaffe, the lawyer who wrote the demand letter, said he no longer represented Mr. Murphy.
Photo
Increasingly, small-time landlords like Mr. Koniuk are just giving up. One of his Divisadero Street neighbors has left two large apartments on the second and third floors of her building vacant for more than a decade, after a series of tenant difficulties. It's just not worth the bother, or the risk, of being legally tied to a tenant for decades.
“Vacancy rates are going up because owners have decided to take their units off the market,” said Ross Mirkarimi, a progressive member of the Board of Supervisors. He attributes that response to “peaking frustrations in dealing with the range of laws that protect tenants in San Francisco that make it difficult for small property owners to thrive.”
Perversely, that is hurting the city's renters as well, as a large percentage of the city's housing stock is allowed to just sit vacant, driving up rents that newcomers pay for market-rate housing.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
San Francisco is a notoriously tough city for small-time landlords. “It is the dream of every landlord to be a landlord in the most lucrative market in the country,” said Ted Gullicksen, head of San Francisco's powerful Tenants Union. “There's no sympathy whatsoever.”
Without strong protections, tenant advocates say, only the wealthy would be able to afford to live here. Countless longtime residents, especially the elderly, would be out on the streets.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This is a consensus view in many circles, as illustrated by a recent feature in The San Francisco Chronicle. “Throwing senior citizens out on the sidewalk is never a good idea, but it isn't stopping North Beach developer Peter Iskander,” it began.
Left unsaid was that one of the article's featured characters, Carlo Tarrone, pays $450 a month in rent. Or, more significantly, that Mr. Tarrone in 1999 bought (half in cash) a two-unit residential building near Telegraph Hill that the real estate Web site Zillow values at $1.7 million. Mr. Tarrone, whom I interviewed by phone, is by no means poor or facing homelessness.
Mr. Koniuk is not a slick developer who aims to toss widows and orphans into the street. He could sell, but he does not want to. He wants to honor his father's wishes and allow his own sons to live in his own building.
“My name is Koniuk. My sons' name is Koniuk. My father's name was Koniuk,” he said. “We should be able to move them into a building we own.”
The Silicon Valley company using technology to try and track gun shots just got a big vote of confidence from the law enforcement community: Bill Bratton, former Los Angeles chief of police and former New York city and Boston police commissioners, is coming on board.
Specifically, Bratton, who also recently became a consultant to the city of Oakland, is joining the board of directors of SST, the Newark-based maker of ShotSpotter technology. This company makes technology to figure out the source of gunshots as quickly as possible. Bratton, who created CompStat, a way to use data to identify crime hot spots, seems a natural fit.
Ralph Clark, CEO of SST, released this statement on the company's blog today: "Bill and I share the view that reducing gun violence, and the criminal activity that accompanies gun violence, starts with actionable data which allows law enforcement and communities a more effective and directed response in reducing gun violence and creating safer neighborhoods."
Big Data is everywhere these days, a way to uses technology to track everything from our shopping habits, to how effective hitters are on day games in baseball. Using it to track and fight crime?
It's worth a shot.
Scott can be found on Twitter: @scottbudman
NEW DELHI: The RSS-affiliated Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh has joined hands with Congress' Intuc to place hurdles in the government's bid to introduce a new labour law , which would merge three existing laws, in the monsoon session of Parliament.The bill has the potential to snowball into another land bill-like controversy after BMS alleged that the Industrial Disputes Code Bill was “pro-corporate” and would not protect interests of employees.Following TUs' opposition, Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya has agreed to form a tripartite committee to review the draft code on industrial relations before introducing the bill. The decision to form a committee was taken following a meeting of the minister with trade union leaders including BMS president BN Rai and Intuc chief Sanjeeva Reddy on May 6.Both Rai and Reddy will be part of the committee, representing employees and trade unions. There will also be representatives of employers and the government. The committee has been asked to submit its report in 15 days but Rai says it is too short to decide on critical issues. The first meeting of the committee is expected on May 11.Rai told ET that TUs expressed concerns to the minister and he agreed to do a re-think on some harsh provisions by referring the draft to the committee. “The proposed industrial relations law is heavily loaded in favour of the employer and corporates. It will allow easier retrenchment and closing down norms for firms with more than 300 workers,” he said. As per the draft, the employer would not require the permission of labour ministry to close down a company.The Swadeshi Jagran Manch, another RSS-backed organisation, is also closely working with BMS to gauge the mood on the ground. SJM convener Arun Ojha said that they wanted to avoid another confrontation with the government. “The land bill has already become farmers versus government.Why get into another similar situation with the country's huge workforce? The draft law will give the corporates a free hand to hire and fire. There will be no job security. It is not in the interest of the labour at all,” Ojha told ET.The BMS chief said that the proposed law will curtail the democratic right of workers to organise themselves into trade unions. At present, seven employees can get together to form a trade union. However, as per the draft, employees would not be allowed to form a union unless they had a minimum 100 members and 10% of total workers in the unit. According to Rai, this provision would hit the hitech sector more since they generally work with small teams.
Sin City will have a new attraction for tourists, now that the already tolerant Nevada has joined California and Massachusetts and has opted to count marijuana use among the personal choices that government doesn't get to dictate.
The state's libertarian streak shone through, with reports saying the measure would indeed pass.
The proposition will let adults in Nevada have and use marijuana, and aims to create a retail marijuana market for cannabis, similar to how alcohol is sold in the state. The measure routes tax money from legalization to the state's schools.
The result was a slap in the face to Las Vegas casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, who bankrolled the opposition campaign, along of course with donating millions to similar battles in Florida and Arizona. Adelson managed to take the high irony of the hypocrisy of much legalization opposition to new levels, having made his billions through the combined vices of gambling and alcohol sales, and their potent combination.
In Nevada, he covered the $3.4 million opposition campaign cost almost entirely himself. The paper he bought, the Las Vegas Review Journal, editorialized against the measure as well. The money went to pay for misleading ads that tried to paint a picture of failed marijuana legalization in Oregon, Washington and Colorado, despite lawmakers from those states standing up for their systems.
Our live election update page is here.
For our complete Election 2016 coverage, click here.
You can keep up with all of HIGH TIMES' marijuana news right here.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Update, 7/24/15, 8:36 a.m.: Police have identified the gunman as 59-year-old John Russell Houser of Alabama.* Lafayette, Louisiana Police Chief Jim Craft described Houser as “a drifter.”
A Louisiana cinema showing Amy Schumer's new movie, Trainwreck, was the scene of a deadly shooting spree Thursday evening that left three dead, including the shooter, and at least seven injured, after an assailant opened fire on an audience of around 100 people before turning the handgun on himself.
Phone calls were placed to 911 from within Grand Theater 16 in Lafayette around 7:30 p.m., and 12 ambulances were dispatched to the scene. Victims were taken to three nearby hospitals with injuries that ranged from non-life-threatening to critical.
The seven injured range in age from late teens to “probably into the 60s,” said Lafayette Police Chief Jim Craft during a press conference. One victim has been released; another is in surgery and is “not doing well,” he said.
While investigators have not yet released the identity of the shooter, officials on the scene told CNN that he was a 59-year old white male with a criminal record.
Although Grand Theater has a corporate policy against firearms in their cinemas, Louisiana state carry law only prohibits firearms in schools, places of worship, government buildings, or parades and demonstrations.
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, a prospective GOP presidential nominee, was in Baton Rouge at the time of the shooting, and he arrived in Lafayette about an hour later. In a news conference, he expressed his condolences for the victims' families. “As governor, as a father, and as a husband, whenever we see these or hear about these senseless acts of violence it makes us both furious and sad at the same time,” he said.
But when the topic of gun control came up, Jindal responded, “Let's focus on the victims right now. Tonight's not the night.”
There already have been two mass shootings so far this year. Last month, 21-year-old Dylann Storm Roof killed nine people at a historical black church in Charleston, South Carolina. And last week, Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez opened fire at two separate military sites in Chattanooga, Tennessee, killing five before committing suicide.
In an interview with the BBC on Thursday, President Obama said that his failure to pass “common-sense gun laws” has been the greatest frustration of his presidency. “If you ask me where has been the one area that I feel that I've been most frustrated and most stymied, it is the fact that the United States is the one advanced nation on Earth in which we do not have sufficient, common-sense gun safety laws,” he said.
This post has been updated.
Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated Houser's age.
Blue Toad Hard Cider opens in Henrietta. (Photo: Mary Chao)
Blue Toad Hard Cider is now open at 120 Mushroom Blvd., Suite 105, in Henrietta. The latest craft brewery on the local scene brews an all-natural hard cider using only locally grown Western New York apples. Rather than solely using European-style tart and bitter apples, Blue Toad uses a cider blend of three different apples grown and pressed at Schutt's Apple Mill in Webster. The production takes place in its cidery at the Genesee Regional Market, which includes a tasting room.
Blue Toad Hard Cider was conceived in 2013 in the back of a cold garage in Scottsville, New York, by three childhood friends — Todd Rath, Scott Hallock and Greg Booth — who share a common upbringing and a common desire to consume high-quality alcoholic beverages. All three graduated from Wheatland-Chili High School.
The newly formed business currently make two distinctive and drinkable varieties of cider:
Flower City Blonde: A crisp and fruity cider, using a blend of the finest local Golden Delicious, Empire and Crispin apples. A light cider that is pale straw-colored and clean-tasting.
ROC HARD Amber: A fusion of tannic apple flavors derived from a blend of locally grown Red Delicious, Ida Red and Northern Spy apples. A copper-colored cider with hints of caramel, molasses, butterscotch, and raisins.
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/1DIYaWH
Portrait of a VERY modern 14-year-old
She's got two tattoos, body piercings, drinks alcohol and sleeps with boys (and the middle-class mother who allows it all to happen)
From her rock-chick black hair, with its green and blonde streaks, to her Doc Marten boots, nine body-piercings, a faceful of ­permanent make-up and two tattoos, there is little about Sophie Watson's appearance to suggest her true age.
But, aside from her disturbingly adult appearance, it is the conversation that really makes the jaw drop.
Ask Sophie about her social life and she'll tell you that she drinks and parties with Mum's blessing. Ask about her sex life and there are no mortified blushes. Instead, she'll tell you ­— again, in the presence of her mother — that she's slept with four boys in just six months.
Wild child: Sophie's rock-chick hair and make-up belie her tender years
‘But I was either seeing them or in a relationship with them. It wasn't a case of a pick-up here and a pick-up there,' she says, with utter nonchalance.
Indeed, her boyfriends have all been welcome to spend the night in her room, under her mother's roof.
‘As long as I haven't got ­anything to get up early for the next day,' says Sophie.
So how old do you think Sophie might be? Eighteen, perhaps? A rebellious 17?
No, she is just 14 years old — an age at which she should still be gossiping with friends in the ­playground, not sleeping with ­boyfriends and spending pocket money on piercings and tattoos.
But then, unlike most ordinary 14-year-olds, Sophie doesn't even have to go to school.
Since May, when she declared that she was ‘sick and tired' of ­getting up for lessons every day, Sophie has been home-educated by her mum Joy, 39, who somehow squeezes in tutorials around Sophie's regular evening gigs as a singer on the local pub circuit and her own full-time job, training beauty therapists in the art of hair, nails and massage.
It is, by Joy's own admission, an unconventional way to raise a child. But, of course, in her eyes Sophie is not like other 14-year-olds. Joy believes that her daughter is an ‘exceptionally bright' girl, who is going to take the music world by storm — and does not need the ­normal boundaries parents set for their children.
‘Sophie just needs to get her education done, so she can focus on other things,' explains Joy, who is a former a teacher. ‘Sophie wanted to fit more into her days, so she could learn faster and get her career on track. She's not a ­­drop-out. She's the opposite, really.'
But, so far, there is little evidence to ­suggest that the new arrangement has given Sophie the freedom to streak ahead of her old school friends, as planned.
While they are now well on the way to GCSE level, Sophie and Joy haven't yet decided whether Sophie will take any exams at all in the next two years.
Mother Joy, 39, with Sophie: 'I may not like the fact that she sleeps with boys but I'd rather know she's doing it safely', she says
Having the flexibility to let your ‘gifted' child reach the age of 16 without a ­single ­qualification is apparently one of the freedoms of home-schooling.
So, what sort of mother would — and could — allow her child such a ­jaw-dropping lack of discipline? How does Joy possibly justify the way she is ­raising her daughter?
‘I know there are many people who may disagree with my parenting style, but I honestly believe I'm doing the best I can,' says Joy, 39.
‘Yes, I'm liberal with Sophie, but we're also very honest. There are a lot of teenage girls going through similar things and, as far as I'm concerned, I'd rather know what my daughter was up to.
‘I may not like the fact she sleeps with boys, but I'd rather know she was doing it safely and under my roof rather than goodness knows where.'
But, spending time with Sophie, it's hard not to see this little tattooed girl as a tragic consequence of ­modern parenting.
'I may not like the fact she sleeps with boys, but I'd rather know she was doing it safely and under my roof rather than goodness knows where'
For, while allowing your teenage child a little freedom is one thing, most ­mothers would shudder to think of a world in which their 14-year-old ­daughter's every whim was unquestioningly indulged, for the sake of allowing her to ‘explore, experiment and follow her pop star dreams', as Joy permits Sophie to do — at the cost of any ­parental boundaries whatsoever.
I first met Sophie and Joy nearly a year ago. Back then, aged 13, Sophie was a straight-A student who'd won a music scholarship to a top private girls' school in County Durham, a part-time model, an aspiring singer and a veteran of the UK teen beauty pageant circuit.
For our meeting she wore a low-cut purple satin evening gown and several hundred pounds worth of faux ­diamonds, as she explained how her many pageant victories were, in fact, her first step on the road to worldwide pop stardom.
Joy couldn't see the harm. She laughed at my suggestion that Sophie might be growing up too fast and even told me how she posted signed photographs of her little Lolita to any Tom, Dick or Harry who asked for one.
Eleven months on and Sophie has bid farewell to the world of beauty pageants — and school, too — to concentrate on her dream of becoming a pop star.
And, on a cold winter's night in their terrace home in South Shields on ­Tyneside, all Sophie and her mum can see are the bright lights of potential stardom — a testimony, perhaps, to the toxic effect of the X Factor dream.
‘In the past year, I've got a manager and she has a lot of connections in ­London. I'll be releasing my first single with her in the next year,' says Sophie confidently — though she is not yet signed to a recording label.
Model teen? Sophie was a straight A student and wanted to become a beauty queen
Certainly, she bears remarkably ­little resemblance to the glossy little poppet in a tiara that she was just a few months ago. Proudly, she shows off the four piercings in her right ear, an 8mm stud and inner-ear piercing in her left, a ring in her nose and two in her belly button.
Then there are the tattoos — on Sophie's tummy and wrist, performed by a professional artist operating well outside the law (you must be over 18 to have one, with or without a parent or guardian's consent).
Surely, when Sophie returned home with these on display, Joy had cause to wonder who was really in charge? Apparently not.
‘I wasn't awfully impressed,' admits Joy. ‘But what can you do? When it's done it's done, isn't it. It's hard to lay down the law. On the plus side, she hasn't had any more ­tattoos since May, so that's good,' says Joy, cheerfully.
‘Yet!' adds Sophie, with a grin.
At times, it is hard to know who is more reckless — Sophie or her mother.
It is difficult not to ­wonder whether things would have been different if Sophie had grown up as a daddy's girl.
After all, it is often fathers who feel most keenly the urge to preserve their daughters' innocence.
But Sophie has had no contact with her father for more than ten years. Nor has there been a male influence in her life since Joy separated from her second husband at the end of last year.
WHO KNEW? According to the World Health Organisation, 40pc of girls in England have under-age sex - more than any other European country
For this past tumultuous year, mother and daughter have been on their own — living, as Sophie says, ‘more like ­sisters or friends than mother and daughter'.
Perhaps this is why Joy is ­remarkably relaxed in the knowledge that Sophie is sexually active, well below the age of consent — even allowing her to bring boys home for the night. When Sophie requested to go on the Pill, did Joy not wonder whether she could or should have done ­anything to preserve Sophie's ­innocence for longer?
‘No, I didn't,' she says. ‘Parents who try to do that are just kidding themselves. Sophie is growing up no faster than any other 14-year-old. The only difference is, I know what she's up to, whereas other ­parents prefer to be blinkered and naïve about it.
‘I have a realistic view on life. I'm not saying that every 14-year-old out there is doing what Sophie does, but there are a lot of 14-year-olds — and younger — who are doing an awful lot more and their ­parents have no idea because they never talk to them.'
Sophie adds: ‘Yeah, I know a girl who is 13 and she has been having sex with a 26-year-old. And that's way more extreme than anything I've ever done.'
Extreme is one way of putting it. ­Criminal is another. ‘I also know a girl who sneaks out every weekend and does it in bushes and stuff. Gross!' she says.
Psychologist Linda Papadopoulos, who last year conducted a ­government fact-finding review into the ­sexualisation of teenage girls, says: ‘I can't comment on Sophie's case directly, but the sexualisation of young girls is an ­enormously ­worrying trend. Not only is it feeding a rise in body image issues, eating disorders and early sexual activity, but it's teaching them that their validity lies in attracting male attention.
Psychologist Linda Papadopoulos says the sexualisation of young girls is an ­enormously ­worrying trend
‘Sexualised imagery and language is so pervasive now that children are ­constantly ­confronted by concepts that they are unable to deal with, ­cognitively and emotionally
‘Many parents have started to see that as a normal feature of life and to see their own children as little adults.
‘When a child assumes the ­appearance of an adult, it's easy for parents and­ ­others to assume they don't need ­protection and guidance. That is when they are most at risk.'
But Joy seems unworried and extends her laidback rules to Sophie's drinking, too.
‘If I'm going to do it, Mum would rather I did it at home with her or at a house party with friends, than go down the park like some chav,' says Sophie.
‘Safety is all I care about,' says Joy.
And, as far as Sophie is concerned, that boils down to two things: no drugs and no lying.
‘Mum has to know where I am and who I'm with all the time and that'll change as I get older,' says Sophie.
Everything else is sanctioned, on the condition that Joy knows about it first. Even, it seems, if it involves taking part in a photoshoot for her ­‘modelling ­portfolio' which was, by anyone's ­standards, shockingly inappropriate for a girl of her age.
In one set of pictures, posted on Sophie's public Facebook fan page, she wears nothing but heavy make-up, a black lace teddy and bondage-style spike heels. In others, she tugs ­provocatively at her tiny unzipped ­hotpants, like a ­seasoned glamour model.
The mind boggles at how a mother could happily allow her child to pose like that for any photographer. But Joy is lost for answers.
‘It was just a new look she was ­experimenting with,' she says, ­defensively. ‘She used to model. They were for her portfolio. I don't see what the big deal is really. Her friends go out wearing next to nothing and you see girls of her age in bikinis on the beach.
‘What's the difference?'
The difference, of course, is context.
Yet it turns out that Joy, who was there when the pictures were taken, had no idea that they had made their way onto the internet until I pointed it out during our interview.
‘Only a couple of them are on there, Mum,' Sophie immediately pipes up. ‘Not the really bad ones.'
But the fact that Sophie is even dimly aware that some of her photos are ­inappropriate says a lot — and the fact her mother allowed them to be taken says even more.
‘I am being the best mum I can be,' Joy insists.
But how many other mothers would agree?
(CBS/AP) BIRMINGHAM, Mich. - Gun toting advocates are standing in support of a southeast Michigan teen who was arrested after strolling the downtown area of a posh suburban Detroit community with an M-1 rifle strapped to his back.
Supporters filled the Birmingham commission chambers Monday night, displaying firearms in holsters and strapped to their backs. They voiced support for 18-year-old Sean Combs, who was arrested April 13 while walking along Old Woodward Avenue.
The Troy High School student faces three misdemeanor charges for brandishing a weapon, resisting and obstructing police, and disturbing the peace. Each is punishable by up to 93 days in jail.
According CBS station WWJ in Detroit, the police report stated that Combs was stopped and asked for identification to check if he was old enough to possess the weapon, an M1-.30 caliber rifle that was fully loaded with one round in the chamber. Combs refused to identify himself and was taken into custody, where police say he was uncooperative. He also failed to provide proof of ownership.
"This guy was creating a disturbance and he wouldn't cooperate," Police Chief Don Studt told WWJ.
Friends of Combs told WWJ that he was just walking around downtown and was participating his right to carry the weapon, which he had received as a birthday gift a month earlier.
The Detroit News says the commission was not expected to take action or address the charges.
Mayor Mark Nickita says the "issue has gone to the courts."
Prior to graduation, every university group chat is usually sustained by a dynamic of some sort. Often, it's only one or two individuals keeping them alive. They remind each other of birthdays, upcoming opportunities to study together, and never seem to miss any of the crazy good deals on Agoda or Air Asia. “Squad trip!!” they like to scream.
But the thing about life after university is that this is the time when everyone actually starts to figure their shit out. All that time once spent discussing future plans or writing lengthy Facebook statuses about wanting to live colourful, purposeful lives suddenly evaporates from memory.
In the face of the urgent present, of house loans, taxes, and looming insurance premiums, dreams either shatter or are shelved in favour of more practical pursuits. All of a sudden, some members in the group chat have lucrative job offers lined up while others are surprised to find themselves floundering with no safety net.
Someone might abandon his degree for a startup in a completely foreign field, while another decides to become a pastry chef. Inevitably, another one decides to further his studies to delay working life for just that little bit longer. Unsurprisingly, everyone is surprised to find that none of them are heading in the same direction. They realise, they will not be adulting together.
With these separate paths come a very physical fragmentation. Everyone is convinced that they've chosen what's right for themselves. At the beginning, as jokes, pieces of advice and warnings are traded, predictable emotions surface: shame, regret, self-righteousness, confusion, jealousy.
As conversations persist in these last days of any said group chat, it is still easy to discern the good intentions. For a while, people are willing to listen to each other. They swear constant support and after-work dinners; drinks every other weekend.
Everyone agrees to keep in touch regardless of how disparate their lives are starting to become. Dinner happens once a month, and in the midst of the chaos of all these hustling lives, there is still the occasional glimpse of the stuff that used to hold everyone together. Love lives are scrutinised and aspirations are fleshed out in great detail. It seems like the group chat was not built solely on the common experience of university or an orientation group.
Suddenly, one weekend, someone falls sick. Or at least that's what he tells everyone in the group chat.
In truth, he has realised that he isn't looking forward to seeing everyone else this coming weekend. His job search hasn't paid off, and he knows he always drinks too much at these things because he can't stand to see everyone else happier than he is. This time though, he knows he can't afford to splurge on four beers in a single night. His savings are running out.
So he entertains the possibility—“What if I just give it a miss this one time?”
Pin Reddit Share +1 212 Shares
We've all seen the movies where our savvy hero pulls a Mastercard from his wallet and with a quick push and wiggle the door swings open. But how practical and realistic is this? Is it just movie fiction or can we too acquire these spy-like abilities and learn how to pick a lock with a credit card?
In terms of its practicality, using a credit card to unlock a door is not always the best method as there are many other means of bypassing doors and locks — such as lock picks or using improvised tools such as using bobby pins. However, if you ever find yourself in a pinch, using a credit card to pick a lock is always a viable option if the door you are attempting to bypass is of the right type.
So before we learn how to pick a lock with a credit card, let us first take a quick look at the best cards to use and the types of locks that are susceptible to credit card attacks.
Choosing Your Card
Unlocking a door with a credit card is not as clean as the movies make it seem. The card being used will endure a ton of wiggling and bending — this type of rough play is typically not the kinda stress you want to put on your credit cards. Leave that to the bills.
Additionally, credit cards tend to be too thick and stiff to be effectively used and may even break.
For these reasons, we recommend that you use something that is more lightweight, flexible, and less valuable than a credit card — such as:
Gift cards
Membership cards
Old hotel keys
Insurance cards
You can even cut a strip from a plastic soda bottle if you don't have any cards at your disposal!
Locks' Pickable by Credit Cards
Unfortunately, credit cards will only work on slanted-latch style locks (as shown below) and will not work on deadbolts. Furthermore, the slant of the latch must be facing you so that you may press it in using your card.
But how can we tell by looking at a door if we can pick it with a credit card? Easy! There are essentially three things you should look for:
Firstly, make sure that there is not a deadbolt. Deadbolts use a rod that can only be retracted by either using a key or by lock picking Secondly, the slant of the latch must be facing towards you. You can easily determine this by looking at the door. If the hinges are on the opposite side of the door as you then the slant is facing you. If the hinges are on your side, this method of credit card lock picking will not work and you are better off removing the hinges to get through the door. Thirdly, be certain that there are no metal plates nor excessive molding that will restrict your card from sliding between the crack of the door and reaching the strike plate.
So if there is no deadbolt, the hinges are on the opposite side of the door, and there isn't anything blocking the crack of the door — that particular door can be unlocked with a credit card!
How to Pick a Lock with a Credit Card: 3 Steps
Step 1: At an angle, slide the edge of your card between the door and the strike plate. Once the corner is in, straighten the card so that it is perpendicular to the door and the entire edge of the card is between the door and the strike plate.
Step 2: Bend your card towards the doorknob. By bending the card and giving it a little push, it should easily slide further into the door.
Step 3: Bend and wiggle the card. Apply pressure to the door and continue to bend and wiggle the card between the door and yourself. Eventually, the card will slide far enough in to compress the latch — thus unlocking the door!
Entire Process ⇓
Credit Card Lock Picking Set
In addition to using an actual credit card to unlock doors, there are also a variety of lock picking sets that fit snuggly within a thin look-a-like credit card and can be carried easily in any wallet. Not only do these lock pick sets include all the basic picks required to bypass ANY lock — they are also extremely cheap, easy to use, and can be picked up on Amazon.
There you have it — you now know how to pick a lock with a credit card! If you liked this little guide please don't forget to help us out and share it with your friends! Additionally, we would love to hear of any success, failures, or questions. Be sure to throw us a comment below! Happy Picking!
3.6/5 (5 Reviews)
This page contains some general tips, and guidelines, to help you improve as a Pac-Man player. Most of these tips are geared for survival, not high scores. High scores can only be achieved when you know how to keep Pac-Man alive for a long time, so you should focus on becoming a better player before you go after that perfect game score of 3,333,360 points.
Know the maze [ edit ]
Power Pellets : These are marked by the green dots in the diagram. They provide Pac-Man with the temporary ability to eat the ghosts and earn extra points. After eating a ghost, his eyes will return to the ghost regenerator in the center of the maze and instantly regenerate. You can still be killed by a regenerated ghost even though the other ghosts may still be blue. As the rounds increase, the time period that the ghosts stay blue (generally) gets progressively shorter. Eventually the ghosts do not turn blue at all (but will still reverse direction). Tunnel : Indicated by the light blue bar, the tunnel allows Pac-Man and the ghosts to instantly warp from one side of the maze to the other. While traveling through the tunnel, Pac-Man moves at his normal speed, but the ghosts are reduced to half speed. This provides Pac-Man with good opportunity to put some distance between him and his pursuers, but be careful not to get trapped by another ghost entering from the other side. Bonuses : Bonuses initially take the form of fruit, and later on become various items. They always appear where the white dash is beneath the ghost regenerator. Two bonuses will appear on each round, the first when 70 pellets have been eaten, and the second when 170 pellets have been eaten. While they can help the player achieve higher scores, their consumption should only be attempted when the coast is clear for you. Ghost Patrols : When the round first starts, each ghost travels to his respective corner and patrols the area until they all decide to hunt for Pac-Man. After hunting him for a while, they will periodically return to patrolling for a brief period of time. Each ghost's patrol area is indicated on the map by his respective color (Shadow/Blinky: red, Speedy/Pinky: pink, Bashful/Inky: cyan, Pokey/Clyde: orange). "Blind" Alleys : The purple areas in the diagram are special. In these alleys, the ghosts are allowed to travel down, but not up. For example, if you are being chased around the ghost pen, and you travel up one of the purple lines above the pen, the ghosts will not be able to follow you.
Pellet eating speed [ edit ]
One important fact to keep in mind is that Pac-Man moves slower when he's eating pellets than when he's moving through a clear alley. If one of the ghosts is hot on Pac-Man's tail, do not insist on eating more pellets in order to clear the round faster. Get to a clear lane that will provide Pac-Man with as much escape time as possible. Continuing to eat pellets is a surefire way to slow Pac-Man down and get caught by a ghost.
Clear the bottom of the maze first [ edit ]
The lowest row of the maze is the most dangerous part of the maze to clear. This long stretch of maze has few escape routes, and is a prime opportunity for the ghosts to gang up on Pac-Man and attack him from both directions. The best time to clear this row out is right at the start of the round, when the ghosts are still leaving the ghost regenerator. Inky is the second-to-last ghost to leave the regenerator, and he immediately heads for the lower right corner. Clyde is the last ghost to leave the regenerator, and he immediately heads for the lower left corner. Clear out as much of the bottom row as you safely can, but get out of Inky or Clyde's way if they start getting close.
Corner motion [ edit ]
Another important detail to remember is that Pac-Man can turn corners much faster than the ghosts can, providing another great get-away opportunity. The areas around the sections of the maze that resemble the letter T provide you with a good escape route by zig-zagging through the alleys on either side. But in order to perform this properly, you must push the joystick in anticipation of the next turn ahead of time, so that Pac-Man makes the turn as soon as possible. If you don't instruct Pac-Man to turn as soon as he's permitted, the benefit of taking the corners will be lost.
Making use of the tunnel [ edit ]
The tunnel is an excellent way to put some distance between Pac-Man and any ghosts that may be hot on his tail. The ghosts are forced to travel through the tunnel at half the speed of Pac-Man. However, it's very easy to overlook another ghost who is slipping into the tunnel from the other end, inadvertently trapping Pac-Man in the middle. So make sure you give quick glance to the other side of the screen before ducking inside and escaping your pursuers.
The blind alleys [ edit ]
There are two sections of the maze where Pac-Man is permitted to travel through, and the ghosts can't follow. The two T sections immediately above and below the ghost regenerator contain alleys that Pac-Man may enter from the bottom, but the ghosts may not (unless they are blue). Therefore, if you are being chased by a ghost, you can duck down one side of the T and up the other side, and the ghosts will have no choice but to abandon their pursuit. This is a powerful tool that can be used to save your life over and over.
The safe spot [ edit ]
The right side of the T-section beneath the ghost regenerator can be used as a safe spot where the ghosts are unable to find and catch Pac-Man. There are two conditions that must be met to make the safe spot work for Pac-Man. The first is that none of the ghosts must "see" Pac-Man enters the safe spot. If they do, they will follow him in there, and the said spot will not be safe. The other condition is that Pac-Man must be facing north. You don't necessarily need to approach the spot from the south (just to the right of where Pac-Man begins the round). You can enter from the east and quickly change orientation to point north. If you meet both conditions, you can leave Pac-Man in that location for as long as you like and move the joystick when you are ready to resume play. Marathon players of the game often use this trick if they need a break from the game.
Ghost psychology [ edit ]
Ghost behavior [ edit ]
Ghost AI diagram
One of the best ways to stay alive is to know how your enemies think. And believe it or not, all of the ghosts have their own individual "personality" or Artificial Intelligence (programmed by Hideyuki Mokajima). That is, they each follow a slightly different set of rules for figuring out which way to turn when moving around the maze. If you're in a tight situation, and it looks like you might be attacked from both sides by two different ghosts, knowing how each of them will react can make a difference between life and death.
Refer to the diagram on the right. In this current situation, the place where each ghost wants to reach is indicated by the colored circles. Blinky obviously wants to go to Pac-Man's position (the red circle). Except, he can't reach him because he is not allowed to go up the blind alley that Pac-Man is in. Pinky wants to go to the pink circle on the bottom of the ghost regenerator, which is four grid squares ahead of Pac-Man's current direction. Since Pinky can never actually get in there, he will continue to circle the ghost regenerator, until Pac-Man moves. Inky's logic is a little complicated. The cyan square is the space two grid squares away from Pac-Man's current direction. The place where Inky wants to go is the location that is equidistant from the square in the opposite direction from Blinky's position (marked by the cyan circle). He too will circle around the ghost regenerator until Pac-Man moves since Blinky will never be able to reach him. Clyde is simple. Clyde wants to go the red circle when he is far away from Pac-Man, and he wants to go to the lower left corner (the orange circle) when he is close. Thus, Pac-Man is safe in his current location.
AI bug [ edit ]
When Pac-Man is facing up, there is actually a bug in the code which makes Pinky's target space four up and four to the left of Pac-Man. Similarly, the cyan square that Inky wants to go the opposite of is actually two up and two to the left of Pac-Man. This makes Inky's actual target four spaces to the left of what is shown in the picture. This is due to overflow errors.
Pass-through bug [ edit ]
Pac-Man and the four ghosts each occupy one cell, which is used to determine whether the collide.
If Pac-Man and one of the ghosts exchange tiles at the same time, Pac-Man will pass through unharmed.
Home corners [ edit ]
In addition to their preprogrammed behaviors, the ghosts simultaneously enter periods where they must return to their "home corners" for a moment of time. When the ghosts are hot on your tail one moment and suddenly reverse direction the next, this means that they are returning to their home corners. For the next few seconds, not only will they not actively chase you, but you can safely follow them wherever they go. But you should remember that this home-corner behavior only lasts a few seconds before they turn around and start actively chasing you again, so you should use this time wisely and clear out parts of the maze that are otherwise too dangerous to clear, such as the lowest row with its long stretches and few escape routes.
Worry about Blinky and Pinky [ edit ]
When it comes down to it, Blinky and Pinky are the most dangerous of the four ghosts. Blinky tries to attack you by taking the shortest path that he can find to Pac-Man's current position. Pinky, on the other hand, tries to ambush you by moving to the location that you seem to be headed in. Compared to these two, Inky and Clyde just don't have that "killer instinct". Inky won't really pursue you too strongly unless Blinky is around, and Clyde just seems to be in a world of his own.
Since Pinky tries approaching the point four squares in front of Pac-Man, it is possible to trick Pinky into turning away. For example, if you just turned an intersection with Pinky hot in pursuit, a quick reversal will distract him into moving in the wrong direction - but this won't always work.
In general, Pac-Man's survival depends on staying farther away from Blinky and Pinky, even if it means getting closer to Inky and Clyde. After you grab a power pellet, and if you have the opportunity, you should eat Blinky and Pinky first to keep them out of play for a longer time.
Lure the ghosts [ edit ]
Sometimes it can be useful to get ghosts to come closer to Pac-Man. Perhaps you want them to gather around you just before you eat a power pellet, so that you can maximize your point-earning potential. Or perhaps you want to slow them down by luring them into the tunnel so that you can take advantage of the extra time you'll gain while the ghosts are struggling to get through the tunnel. One of the best methods to accomplish this is to wiggle your joystick so that Pac-Man moves back and forth. The more ghosts that see you, the more likely they are to head in your direction. However, you must make sure that the ghosts are not in the "home corner" phase of their behavior before attempting to lure them, as they won't actively chase you.
Earning points [ edit ]
Save a few pellets for last [ edit ]
Since the ghosts are more likely to clump together and chase Pac-Man later in the round, it's best to save the power pellets for last. One of the biggest wastes of any scoring opportunity is to eat a power pellet as the last pellet in the round. Even if a blue ghost is right by you, you won't get any chance to eat him for points. If you save a few pellets, near one of the power pellets, and save that power pellet for last, you can consume it, eat as many ghosts as you can nearby, and quickly finish the round by consuming the pellets you reserved for the end. Remember that the ghosts will immediately reverse their direction when you eat a power pellet, so make sure they are as close to you as possible before you eat it, so that you do not have to chase them.
Bonus fruits [ edit ]
Bonus fruits appear just below the ghost pen when you've eaten 70 pellets, and again when you've eaten 170 pellets. And while eating a 100-point pair of cherries is an enjoyable aspect of playing on the very first round, it's nothing compared to the 5000-point keys, that you'll encounter later in the game. Don't risk your life in an effort to collect the lower value fruits if you want to make it to those really valuable bonus items. To the novice, the bonus fruits are merely point opportunities, but to the expert, they are an indication of the very nature of the round you are on. Once you've reached the oranges (Rounds 3 and 4), the bonus fruits usually let you know something about the blue time of the ghosts for that round. With the single exception of the grapes (Rounds 7 and 8), the blue time is always longer throughout the second instance of a fruit than the first.
Blue ghost time [ edit ]
Aside from the fact mentioned above, the ghosts' blue time generally decreases as you reach higher rounds. This means the challenge of earning 3000 points for all four ghosts with a single power pellet is much easier at the start of the game than it is later on. Throughout the game, you must pay special attention when the ghosts begin to blink and flash white. This means that the ghosts will only be scared for a few more seconds before they go back to chasing you. Once you see this, don't continue to chase a ghost if he's still a long way off. You're likely to reach him just in time for him to kill you. Instead, use this time to head for the closest section of the maze that needs to be cleared.
Perfect score [ edit ]
The perfect game score is 3,333,360 points, meaning you must eat every bonus fruit, eat all four ghosts with every power pellet, and clear all 255 rounds. The only times you must eat the ghosts is when there is blue time for the ghosts (see above) in the round. This can be extremely hard because you need to memorize the patterns and eat all four ghosts, even if they are only blue for a split second! This will only work if you have chosen to start the game with five lives, and you will also need to eat all the hidden pellets on the split-screen round every time. Note that only the 333,360 shows up on the screen because the score display of early Namco 8-bit games rolls over at 1,000,000.
A young dolphin rescued in October is swimming in Barataria Bay, with a tag that will let biologists keep close tabs on him for the next six weeks.Biologists worry that the animal, dubbed Octavius, may be too young to survive on his own.VIEW: Photos of releaseState biologist Mandy Tumlin says a federal agreement requires eyes on Octavius at least three times a week for two weeks, then at least once a week for four weeks.Weather allowing, says Tumlin, they'll make daily checks.Audubon Nature Institute spokeswoman Katie Smith said Thursday it's the first dolphin rescued off Louisiana to be released after rehabilitation. Some died, one was deaf, and others were rescued too young to live on their own.Keep up with local news, weather and current events with the WDSU app here.Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
A young dolphin rescued in October is swimming in Barataria Bay, with a tag that will let biologists keep close tabs on him for the next six weeks.
Audubon Nature Institute
Advertisement
Biologists worry that the animal, dubbed Octavius, may be too young to survive on his own.
VIEW: Photos of release
State biologist Mandy Tumlin says a federal agreement requires eyes on Octavius at least three times a week for two weeks, then at least once a week for four weeks.
Audubon Nature Institute
Weather allowing, says Tumlin, they'll make daily checks.
Audubon Nature Institute spokeswoman Katie Smith said Thursday it's the first dolphin rescued off Louisiana to be released after rehabilitation. Some died, one was deaf, and others were rescued too young to live on their own.
Audubon Nature Institute
Keep up with local news, weather and current events with the WDSU app here.
Sign up for our email newsletters to get breaking news right in your inbox. Click here to sign up!
AlertMe
The remains of long, thin cells preserved inside the 50-million-year-old fossilized cocoon of an unknown worm species represent the oldest animal sperm ever found, say researchers at the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm.
Benjamin Bomfleur and his colleagues spotted the sperm fragments when they used an electron microscope to examine the inner surface of the cocoon fossil, which had been collected by an Argentinian expedition on Seymour Island, which lies off the Antarctic Peninsula. Their findings are published today in Biology Letters.
Because of their delicate nature, sperm cells are very rarely found in fossils. The previous oldest animal sperm was from springtails preserved in Baltic amber, about 40 million years old. (Plant sperm fossils go back further, to 400-million-year-old specimens from early land plants in Scotland.)
Surprising discovery
Bomfleur says that the discovery was a surprise — “we laughed”, he says, on seeing the microscope images — “but in retrospect, it makes sense that you would find them as common inclusions in fossil cocoons”. The cocoons are secreted by some worms, including earthworms and leeches, which deposit sperm and eggs inside. Each cocoon then hardens to form a protective case for the developing embryos.
The researchers do not know what kind of worm left the sperm. Scanning electron microscope images show helical structures resembling drill-bits and beaded tails, which are characteristic of sperm produced by crayfish worms, leech-like creatures that live on freshwater lobsters. But these animals are found only in the Northern Hemisphere, so it would be surprising if they had existed in Antarctica 50 million years ago, Bomfleur says. “It could be an extinct relative with similar types of sperm.”
There will be no extractable DNA left in the sperm fragments, Bomfleur adds, because the chemical make-up of the organic material would have changed from its original composition over such a long time. But his team expect that the cells they saw under the microscope are not merely mineralized outer casts of the original cell's shape, but will retain their inner structure.
Taxonomic tool
The structure of sperm cells has been studied for decades as a way of determining evolutionary relationships between worm species. The team did not have access to ultra-high-resolution instruments that might reveal more detail about the sperm's microstructure than can be seen under the electron microscope. But if the fine structure of sperm is commonly preserved inside cocoons and can be imaged, Bomfleur thinks that future studies could provide important insights into the evolution of the kinds of worms that secrete cocoons. “If it should turn out that we can get this information, all of a sudden we would basically unlock an entire fossil record for a group that hardly had any identifiable fossils before,” he says. Soft-bodied microorganisms that do not usually fossilize, including nematodes, have also been found preserved inside cocoons, but few researchers have studied them.
Jakob Vinther, who studies invertebrate evolution at the University of Bristol, UK, agrees that cocoon fossils could represent an underexplored avenue for understanding the origin of earthworms and leeches. “I think we might have a really interesting system here that can be sort of a hidden window to the past,” he says. “There could be a lot of potential hidden gems inside those cocoons.”
This article is reproduced with permission and was first published on July 15, 2015.
Story highlights New whistle-blower alleges more wrongdoing at Phoenix VA hospital
Scheduling clerk: Records changed, new requests for treatment stuffed in a drawer
"It's beyond horrible," says Pauline DeWenter of the way veterans were handled
It's the latest revelation since CNN began investigating long VA wait lists and deaths
Records of dead veterans were changed or physically altered, some even in recent weeks, to hide how many people died while waiting for care at the Phoenix VA hospital, a whistle-blower told CNN in stunning revelations that point to a new coverup in the ongoing VA scandal.
"Deceased" notes on files were removed to make statistics look better, so veterans would not be counted as having died while waiting for care, Pauline DeWenter said.
DeWenter should know. DeWenter is the actual scheduling clerk at the Phoenix VA who said for the better part of a year she was ordered by supervisors to manage and handle the so-called "secret waiting list," where veterans' names of those seeking medical care were often placed, sometimes left for months with no care at all.
For these reasons, DeWenter is among the most important and central people to the Phoenix VA scandal over a secret wait list, veterans' wait times and deaths. Despite being in the center of the storm, DeWenter has never spoken publicly about any of it -- the secret list, the altering of records, the dozens of veterans she believes have died waiting for care -- until now.
JUST WATCHED Rep. Miller on 'unconscionable' VA action Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rep. Miller on 'unconscionable' VA action 02:13
JUST WATCHED VA whistleblower: They shut me up Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH VA whistleblower: They shut me up 02:08
JUST WATCHED Rep. Miller on 'unconscionable' VA action Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Rep. Miller on 'unconscionable' VA action 03:27
JUST WATCHED Outrage: VA bill fattening, not fixing Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Outrage: VA bill fattening, not fixing 01:26
JUST WATCHED Veteran not evaluated for eight years Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Veteran not evaluated for eight years 02:08
Records changed
It was one of DeWenter's roles to call veterans when appointments became available to schedule them to get a consultation. Sometimes when she made those calls, she'd find that the veteran had died, so she would enter that on their records.
But at least seven times since last October, records that showed that veterans died while waiting for care -- records which DeWenter personally handled and had entered in details of veterans' deaths -- were physically altered, or written over, by someone else, DeWenter said in an exclusive interview with CNN. The changes, or re-writes, listed the veterans as living, not deceased, essentially hiding their deaths.
The alterations had even occurred in recent weeks, she said, in a deliberate attempt to try to hide just how many veterans died while waiting for care, by trying to pretend dead veterans remain alive.
"Because by doing that, that placed (the veterans) back on the wait list," said DeWenter, explaining she believes that the purpose of "bringing them back to life" in the paperwork and putting the veterans back on the electronic waiting list was to hide the fact that veterans died waiting for care.
"I would say (it was done to) hide the fact. Because it is marked a death. And that death needs to be reported. So if you change that to, 'entered in error' or, my personal favorite, 'no longer necessary,' that makes the death go away. So the death would never be reported then."
'Into a desk drawer'
Beginning early last year, DeWenter said she was also instructed to hide the crisis at the Phoenix VA medical center by concealing new requests for treatment. This was at a time when the VA was paying bonuses to senior staff whose facilities met the goals of providing care in a timely manner for veterans, typically within 14 days.
New requests by veterans wanting treatment were actually stuffed into a drawer, to make the books look better, according to DeWenter.
Asked what happened to the new requests for appointments, DeWenter said: "They went into a desk drawer.... That would be the secret list."
There was "no doubt" it was, in fact, a secret list, she said.
DeWenter's claims support those of Dr. Sam Foote, now retired from the VA, who spoke to CNN in March and raised the lid on the Phoenix crisis and allegations that up to 40 veterans died while waiting for care.
Since November 2013 CNN has been investigating and publishing reports of wait lists and deaths of veterans across VA hospitals around the country.
Massive investigation
The concerns over delays in care and deaths of veterans across the country created a national furor during the last six weeks that prompted Senate hearings and ultimately led to the resignation of President Obama's VA Secretary, Eric Shinseki.
Investigators from the VA's Inspector General's office have been in Phoenix looking into the charges by DeWenter, Foote and other VA whistle-blowers. The teams include criminal investigators. The VA's Office of Inspector General also has investigators in 69 other locations, looking into charges of other data manipulation, delays and deaths, and allegations of whistle-blower retaliation.
DeWenter said she has "submitted evidence" to criminal investigators about the altering of records and also the secret list and how it worked.
Officials at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs did not respond specifically to any of DeWenter's allegations. Instead a spokesman sent CNN a generic statement stating:
"As Acting Secretary Gibson has said at VA facilities around the country, we must work together to fix the unacceptable, systemic problems in accessing VA healthcare. We know that in many communities, including Phoenix, veterans wait too long for the care they've earned and deserve. That's why VA is taking action to accelerate access to care and reaching out to veterans to get them off wait lists and into clinics. "
The statement added: "We respect the independent review and recommendations of the Office of Inspector General (OIG) regarding systemic issues with patient scheduling and access, and we await the OIG's final review."
'Beyond horrible'
It has been an horrific year for DeWenter. In early 2013, the waiting list at the Phoenix VA was so long that 1,700 veterans were on it, and many vets could not get an appointment for as much as nine months, or longer, DeWenter said. On average there were requests from 40 new patients a day, she said.
DeWenter says the hospital administration knew it, but was so focused on meeting an immediate goal, the patients didn't matter.
"It's beyond horrible," she said, tearing up at times during the interview.
DeWenter said in addition to keeping the secret list and keeping quiet when she learned veterans on the list died, she was also pushed to clear up the backlog on the electronic waiting list, which put pressure on follow-up care as well.
There simply were not enough doctors -- and not enough appointments -- to handle new patients, backlogged patients and even very sick patients.
DeWenter, a scheduling clerk, was suddenly making life and death decisions. Doctors, nurses and emergency room providers were calling her trying to get appointments for individual patients who couldn't wait.
"And that really overtook even the wait list," DeWenter said. "Because now I have a consult where veterans are very sick. So I have to ease up on the wait list. It sounds so wrong to say, but I tried to work these scheduled appointments so at least I felt the sickest of the sick were being treated."
The stress, DeWenter said, was unbearable. Then came the call she had to make in early December. She finally had an appointment available for a Navy veteran who had come to the VA months earlier urinating blood.
"I called the family. And that's when I found out that he was dead," she said.
Turning point
DeWenter would not tell CNN the patient's name. But CNN interviewed Sally and Teddy Barnes-Breen earlier this year, and the stories match. Thomas Breen, Teddy's father and a Navy veteran, died in November 2013 after being repeatedly denied care at the Phoenix VA.
DeWenter called the home and reached Sally Barnes-Breen, telling her the VA finally had a primary appointment for her father-in-law.
Barnes-Breen told CNN she was incensed, as Breen had just passed away. "I said, 'Really, you're a little too late, sweetheart,'" she told CNN previously.
DeWenter said that conversation was a turning point -- hearing the anger from the family and details on how the veteran died screaming that veterans did not deserve such treatment.
"And I promised her that I would do everything in my power to never have this happen to another veteran again," she said.
Going public
DeWenter said that's when she and Foote began seriously talking about what could be done.
In December of last year DeWenter and Foote told everything to the VA's Office of the Inspector General.
"I thought that was a saving grace," DeWenter said. "I thought, 'Okay, this is it. This is gonna be all over,' you know? Then it wasn't. And we were waiting, and waiting, and waiting, and waiting. And nothing ever happened... Nothing. We didn't hear anything. The leadership (in Phoenix) was telling us, 'Oh, we passed everything. We're not doing anything wrong.' And I'm like, 'We're not doing anything wrong? But people are still dying?'"
DeWenter said they were giving up hope and decided for Foote to contact the media
DeWenter said until now she was simply too scared to come forward. And she is still scared.
"My life will change after this comes out. I will have people at work who are not going to like me because of what I've done. And I'll have other people at work who will say thank you for doing what you've done."
DeWenter believes her information on what she says is an ongoing coverup at the Phoenix VA is in the hands of the FBI.
Former Liberian president, serving 50 years in prison near Durham, launches legal bid to be moved to African jail
War criminal Charles Taylor claims UK is depriving him of right to family life
Charles Taylor, the Liberian warlord who is serving a 50-year term in a British prison, has launched a legal action seeking his removal to an African jail.
The 66-year-old former president of the west African state is making an appeal to the UN-backed tribunal in The Hague, which sentenced him, arguing that he is being deprived of his right to a family life.
Two years ago the special court for Sierra Leone convicted him of aiding and abetting war crimes, and crimes against humanity, by supporting rebels in Sierra Leone between 1996 and 2002 in return for "blood diamonds".
Taylor has been held in HMP Frankland, near Durham, for the past eight months but has not received any family visits, according to his lawyers, because immigration officials have refused to issue visas for his wife and 15 children.
One of the grounds of his appeal, John Jones QC, told BBC radio, was that he was being denied his right to a family life as guaranteed by article eight of the European convention on human rights.
"The UK has not given the family visas," Jones said. "Charles Taylor is the only person convicted by the tribunal to serve his sentence outside Africa. It's inexplicable. Everyone else [convicted by the court] is in Rwanda."
At his appeal against sentence in The Hague two years ago, Taylor's lawyers said that exiling the former Liberian leader to Britain's jails would leave him culturally isolated and constitute a "punishment within a punishment".
Taylor was found guilty of 11 charges, including murder, rape, sexual slavery, enforced amputations and pillage. Before the four-year trial began the UK signed a "sentence-enforcement agreement" with the Dutch government, stating that Britain would give Taylor prison space.
His conviction was the first by an international court of a former head of state since the Nazi trials at Nuremberg in 1946. Taylor's detention is reported to be costing the UK £80,000 a year.
The Foreign Office, which is leading on the Taylor case, said it could not comment on whether visa applications made by his family in Liberia had been refused.
An FCO spokesperson added: "This is not a case against the UK. A motion has been filed with the residual special court for Sierra Leone (RSCSL) who are responsible for determining where he serves his sentence. The motion requests the RSCSL transfers him to a prison in Rwanda."
Conditions in Taylor's British prison are far more restrictive than those while he was on remand in Scheveningen jail in the Netherlands, where he had been detained for the previous seven years.
A recent biography claimed he had fathered a child with his wife during conjugal visits there.
The UK's record on holding war crimes inmates is not unblemished. In 2010, the Bosnian Serb general Radislav Krstić, who was serving a 35-year sentence in Wakefield prison, was stabbed in his cell by three Muslim inmates.
Lawyers objecting to Taylor's removal to the UK after he was sentenced in the Hague during 2012 said: "That [he] should serve his sentence in a prison, culturally and geographically thousands of miles from his home, should be considered a factor in mitigation, as it in fact amounts to exile."
Iowa's Supreme Court ruled 4-3 Friday that a sentence of life without parole for juvenile offenders convicted of first-degree murder amounted to cruel and unusual punishment under the state's constitution.
Here's the ruling, in part:
In sum, we conclude that sentencing courts should not be required to make speculative up-front decisions on juvenile offenders' prospects for rehabilitation because they lack adequate predictive information supporting such a decision. The parole board will be better able to discern whether the offender is irreparably corrupt after time has passed, after opportunities for maturation and rehabilitation have been provided, and after a record of success or failure in the rehabilitative process is available.
The court's decision remanded the case, State of Iowa vs. Isaiah Richard Sweet, to the district court for re-sentencing.
At issue was the case of Sweet, who was 17 when he killed his grandparents at their home in 2012. A lower-court judge sentenced him in 2014 to life in prison without parole, saying Sweet was “extremely dangerous” and unlikely to be rehabilitated.
Friday's decision overturned that ruling, but the Supreme Court did add:
Nothing in this opinion, of course, suggests that a juvenile offender is entitled to parole. The State is not required to make such a guarantee, and those who over time show irredeemable corruption will no doubt spend their lives in prison. The determination of irredeemable corruption, however, must be made when the information is available to make that determination and not at a time when the juvenile character is a work in progress.
This article is part of our Next America: Criminal Justice project, which is supported by a grant from the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation.
On his radio program today, Bryan Fischer interviewed Alabama Supreme Court Justice Tom Parker, a former Religious Right activist and aide to Chief Justice Roy Moore who has become a radical justice in his own right, for two segments about the Supreme Court's gay marriage ruling earlier this year.
After making the case that the Obergefell decision does not even apply to Alabama, Parker absurdly asserted that the Supreme Court had no grounds upon which to issue the decision in the first place because gays are not being denied equal treatment under the law since everyone is free to marry someone of the opposite sex.
As such, Parker said, it is imperative that state supreme courts stand up to the U.S. Supreme Court in defiance of its ruling in this case in order to foment a “revival” that will return this nation to its founding principles.
“The states should be a check on the federal government,” he said, “and the proper organ within a state to do that versus the U.S. Supreme Court would be a state supreme court. Now, I doubt that it would be a blanket defiance of all jurisdiction on the U.S. Supreme Court, but in regards to the Obergefell decision where it's clear that they jumped outside of the precedents in order to impose their will on this country, that yes, resisting that decision could maybe start a revival of what we need in this country and return to our original founding principles.”
UPDATE: DA will retry Bill Cosby case
NORRISTOWN - After more than 50 hours of deliberations over five days, the jury in the Bill Cosby case was unable to reach a unanimous verdict on any of the three charges the entertainer was facing.
With a deadlocked jury, Judge Steven T. O'Neill declared a mistrial today.
Prosecutors told The Associated Press that they would retry Cosby.
Cosby's trial started June 5 in Montgomery County Court. He was facing three counts of aggravated indecent assault on accusations that he drugged and sexually assaulted former Temple University employee Andrea Constand at his suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
The jury began their deliberations Monday night and, through the process, came back into the courtroom to ask numerous questions, mainly wanting to review the statements made to police and on the stand by Constand and Cosby.
They came back to the courtroom just after 11 a.m. Thursday for the first time, with the foreman giving the judge a note saying, "We cannot come to a unanimous consensus on any of the counts."
But the judge sent them back for more deliberations over the defense's request for a mistrial.
They repeated the are deadlocked this morning.
With no verdict, prosecutors have four months to decide whether to retry the case or abandon it. If they decide to continue prosecuting, a new jury will be selected, and the trial will be held again at a future date.
At trial, Constand testified that Cosby gave her three pills, which she said incapacitated her. She said while she was frozen and unable to say "no," he sexually assaulted her.
Cosby told police, and said in a deposition in a 2005 lawsuit, that he gave her Benadryl and that the encounter was consensual.
There is still no drinking water for residents in the small town of Ramsay Montana which is about twenty minutes from the city of Butte.
ABC FOX Montana was alerted about the situation, so we went to Ramsay and spoke with local residents.
We spoke to Kelly Hureta who said two weeks ago she noticed a change in her water pressure. Then, she said the water smelled of chlorine and looked 'bubbly'.
As of now, she has running water, but obviously won't drink it.
She tells us, a few days ago she received a call about the water quality.
When she asked when the water would be back to normal, they told her "it should soon be fixed."
"So we had no water for a couple of hours. And then it was turned back on they told us not to drink it...it probably wasn't safe," said Hureta.
"Then we turned it back on and there was mud in the water, it was kind of brown and gross.".
However, she told us Wednesday, that fix has not yet come.
Hureta said she's been advised to not drink or cook with the water and should really only shower in it.
ABC FOX Montana called the Montana Department of Environmental Quality, they didn't give us much information, but officials did say they are helping out the town in every way they can, until they get it fixed. Those with the DEQ said they are providing technical advice to the water supply operator.
Still, Hureta is concerned about the safety of the town's water.
"It's been a week of like not being able to drink it. But before then, my parents were drinking it and had no idea that it was not safe," Hureta said.
" And so that's a little concerning...I don't drink the water. I use bottled water all the time."
And costly, to purchase bottled water......
We also know that the Department of Environmental Quality knows of the water issue, however when it was found and when it will be fixed is till up in the air.
Should we pray for Richard Dawkins after his stroke? ( Facebook )
Famed atheist Richard Dawkins suffered a recent stroke, forcing him to postpone his tours to Australia and New Zealand.
His health crisis rapidly developed into a Twitter debate on if Christians should pray for his recovery.
Huffington Post blogger Kashif N Chaudhry tweeted: "Praying for @RichardDawkins' quick recovery after having suffered a minor stroke in the UK ahead of his Aus/NZ tour."
But non-Christians promoted "well wishes" and "hopes for recovery" over prayer.
One person tweeted: @RichardDawkins I read you weren't well. I hope you have a speedy recovery. Don't worry, I won't pray for you."
Another tweeted: "@RichardDawkins The "other side" might not be praying for you, but scientists, skeptics, and serious people are rooting for you! Get well!"
But Christians refused to bow to online pressure to not pray for the atheist.
One person tweeted: @JohnAntonakis @RichardDawkins 'The "other side" is praying actually. We don't follow a "for friends only" school of thought. Get well soon."
Where do you stand? Sounds off on if we should pray for Richard Dawkins.
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
Join us on our podcast each weekday for an interesting story, well told, from Charisma News. Listen at charismapodcastnetwork.com.
Great Resources to help you excel in 2019! #1 John Eckhardt's "Prayers That..." 6-Book Bundle. Prayer helps you overcome anything life throws at you. Get a FREE Bonus with this bundle. #2 Learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose and destiny by living each day with Holy Spirit. Buy a set of Life in the Spirit, get a second set FREE.
See an error in this article? Send us a correction
As the political battle field for the 2016 presidential elections becoming more intense with each passing day in the United States, the political machinery surrounding former Florida Governor and a potential Republican frontrunner, Jeb Bush, seems to be gearing up for what we can call ‘Mission Florida'.
Bush's political team is reportedly mulling over a massive operation which will be primarily aimed at turning the state into ‘a bulwark for his presidential campaign'.
According to the reports from dozens of interviews, the political apparatus working behind Bush is struggling hard to avoid any kind of embarrassment for the prominent political figure in Florida, a state that has vexed Republican party and Bush family in the national elections.
The plan, which is code-named “Homeland Security,” the team intends to neutralize two potentially grave, though homegrown threats, to the long-anticipated presidential run for Bush.
So far, nearly a dozen of Republicans as well as a handful of the ruling Democratic Party leaders have revealed their political ambitions for their party's presidential nomination for 2016.
A demographic drift within Florida and the likely challenge from Miami senator Marco Rubio, a magnetic Republican personality who is likely to seek the party's presidential nomination himself, could potentially doom Bush's prospects in the state against a Democrat.
Florida, which gave President Barack Obama an opportunity to prevail in the previous two elections, would require enormous energy and resources from Bush and his team over the next year.
Florida is currently home to four probable presidential candidates for the Republican Party. They are:
Jeb Bush (who lives in Coral Gables and served the state as its governor from 1999 to 2007)
Marco Rubio (who lives in West Miami)
Ben Carson, an author and neurosurgeon who lives in West Palm Beach
Mike Huckabee, Former Governor of Arkansas ( who lives in Santa Rosa Beach)
Florida is geographically a vast state as well is tropically flamboyant. Politically, the region is best-known for ‘colliding nationalities' and has the reputation for ‘electoral mishap'. In such a scenario, the state of Florida offers the likelihood of intrigue in every presidential poll. In 2016, however, its role is likely to be emerged as the “most bruising and intimate” in the United States.
The parenting articles informing us how we are all raising a nation of spoilt brats are ubiquitous. There was one a few weeks ago in Saturday's edition of The Times.
We are told in a new book The, Me, Me Epidemic by the author, Amy McCready, that the signs to look out for include: your children expect bribes or rewards for good behaviour, rarely lift a finger to help, are more concerned about themselves than others, apportion blame when things go wrong, cannot handle disappointment, expect to be rescued from mistakes, feel like the rules do not apply to them, and always want “more, more, MORE!”
You know the drill and you know the type. The author warns that these entitled kids will be unprepared and unable to survive the ups and downs of adult life. People often say, these spoilt brats will get a ‘rude awakening' when they grow up.
I beg to differ. Many of these entitled, indulged and overprotected brats become feminists, or indeed politicians, and they just remake the world to suit their own utterly selfish desires, to the detriment of everyone else.
Take for example the latest campus demand for ‘safe spaces' where feminists ban feminists that once wrote something, somewhere that did not toe the current ridiculous feminist line.
These university students demand ‘safe spaces' not from physical harm or threats or indeed incitement to hatred, but from opinions that differ from their own. They simply uninvite the kids with the challenging views from the play date. End of story.
Not only that but they also demand ‘trigger warnings' on books such as The Great Gatsby in case the big bad book makes them feel uncomfortable and ‘triggers' difficult emotional reactions. Oh, no the big bad wolf is going to eat Red Riding Hood – but the book away Mummy!
What makes it worse is that universities are more than willing to ‘protect' these toddlers. The mollycoddling simply continues.
Let's take the charge that some children believe ‘The rules don't apply to them.' We get a good demonstration of that from expenses-claiming dodgy MPs all the time. The cool kids at Facebook don't seem to think the tax rules apply to them either.
Then there is marriage– this was always between one man and one women. But then suddenly this did not suit a minority of people and their desires so they just changed the rules of an age-old institution to suit themselves. You could call that change the epoch of the, Me, Me epidemic. To hell with the common good!
Children rarely lift a finger to help, well the boomer parents have been dropping out of civil society for years as recorded in Bowling Alone.
The congregation for some Church of England services are down to ten people a week, no doubt elderly and of the war generation. The generation that came after just cannot be bothered to go – sure they are talking about God and not me! What's the point?
The entire mythical gender gap is because the feminists cannot handle the disappointment that their film studies degree will not make them as much as the men who chose engineering.
We had the ludicrous spectacle of Jennifer Lawrence bemoaning the fact that she did not get paid as much as her co-star Christian Bale in the film American Hustle this week. First, Ms Lawrence you are not as well as established or have the track record of Christian Bale, and secondly if you did not negotiate as hard as him and his team that is your problem. Own it.
I see so many spoilt brats around me it is difficult to keep up. A barrister gets a compliment from an older man so she throws her rattle at him. Women want to be paid the same as much more senior professionals while demanding flexi-hours.
Listen, if feminists and university students want safe spaces they should toddle back to their nursery, get into the playpen and lock the childproof door behind them.
There they can grab their comforter and shake their rattle. As they rattle away in the ‘safe space' they should learn the following nursery rhyme: Sticks and stones may break my bones, but challenging debate, tweets, t-shirts worn by scientists, and compliments will never hurt me.
Then we might let you join the adults.
If you appreciated this article, perhaps you might consider making a donation to The Conservative Woman. Our contributors and editors are unpaid but there are inevitable costs associated with running a website. We receive no independent funding and depend on our readers to help us, either with regular or one-off payments. You can donate here. Thank you.
GENEVA/JUBA (1 December 2016) - The world's youngest country, South Sudan, is on the brink of catastrophe, said the three-member* UN Commission on Human Rights in South Sudan at the end of a ten-day visit. “The stage is being set for a repeat of what happened in Rwanda and the international community is under an obligation to prevent it,” said the chairperson of the Commission, Yasmin Sooka, citing disturbing indicators such as an increase in hate speech, a crackdown on the media and civil society, deepening divisions between the country's 64 tribes, renewed recruitment in a country already awash with guns and the proliferation of armed groups aligned to both sides engaging in armed conflict.
“There is already a steady process of ethnic cleansing underway in several areas of South Sudan using starvation, gang rape and the burning of villages; everywhere we went across this country we heard villagers saying they are ready to shed blood to get their land back,” said Ms. Sooka. “Many told us it's already reached a point of no return.”
It's widely believed that fighting will intensify during the dry season, which runs until the end of February. The Commission enumerated a number of steps that the international community should take immediately to avert mass bloodshed: expedite the immediate arrival of the 4,000 strong Regional Protection Forces in South Sudan, ensure that the force is not restricted only to the capital, freeze assets, enact targeted sanctions and implement an arms embargo.
“It is also urgent to set up the hybrid court promised for South Sudan,” said Commissioner, Ken Scott. “Large parts of the country literally have no functioning courts and even the traditional reconciliation methods are now breaking down with the result that it's a free for all.”
The Commission, which is due to report to the Human Rights Council in March, visited Bentiu in Unity State where more than a hundred thousand people are sheltering in a UN protected camp. They met one woman who described being gangraped by soldiers just three days earlier when her village was attacked and heard reports of three women raped that very day by soldiers just outside the camp while going to collect firewood. In Malakal in Upper Nile State, though government officials said it was not in their culture to rape women, it was apparent the practice was condoned and widespread but still vastly underreported. The Commission met several displaced women in the Juba camp who were gang raped in July and four months later have yet to receive adequate medical treatment for resulting complications.
“The scale of rape of women and girls perpetrated by all armed groups in South Sudan is utterly unacceptable and is frankly mind boggling,” said the Commission chairperson. “Aid workers describe gang rape as so prevalent that it's become ‘normal' in this warped environment but what does that say about us that we accept this and thereby condemn these women to this unspeakable fate?”
In Wau in Western Bahr el Ghazal State, where ethnic tension remains high, civilians gave graphic accounts of how their husbands and children were robbed and murdered by soldiers from the army during violence in June in which at least 53 people were killed. Here and elsewhere victims urged the Commission to push the international community to act, not just produce more reports.
Worryingly an area of the country that was relatively unaffected by the conflict, like the Equatorias, have now become the epicentre of the conflict. “The impact of this spreading violence is much more widespread and serious than earlier thought,” said Commissioner Godfrey Musila who visited the area. The picture emerging is one of the presence of armed groups, displacement based on ethnicity, torching of houses, food insecurity and denial of freedom of movement. The Commission heard numerous accounts of corpses being found along main roads, looming starvation and people fleeing to neighbouring countries on a daily basis.
The Commission is pleased that it was able to meet the First Vice President, the Chief of General Staff of the Sudan People's Liberation Army, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, the Minister of Justice, senior officials in the states and traditional leaders, the head of the SPLA military justice system, representatives of the African Union, the Joint Monitoring and Evaluation Commission (JMEC), the South Sudan Human Rights Commission, as well as human rights defenders, UN and humanitarian agencies.
“As the UN Special Representative for the Prevention of Genocide said, many of the warning signals of impending genocide are already there – an existing conflict, resort to polarized ethnic identities, dehumanization, a culture of denial, displacement based on ethnicity and in some places indications of systematic violations and planning – but the important thing is there is still time to prevent it,” said Ms Sooka.
ENDS
*The Commissioners are: Yasmin Sooka (Chairperson), Kenneth Scott and Godfrey Musila.
For more information, please contact Joseph Bonsu on jbonsu@ohchr.org and +41 79 109 6870 and Frances Harrison on francescsharrison@gmail.com and +44 794 648 8089.
For more information about the UN Commission on Human Rights in South Sudan, please see: http://www.ohchr.org/EN/HRBodies/HRC/CoHSouthSudan/Pages/Index.aspx
For your news websites and social media: Multimedia content & key messages relating to our news releases are available on UN Human Rights social media channels, listed below. Please tag us using the proper handles:
Twitter: @UNHumanRights
Facebook: unitednationshumanrights
Instagram: unitednationshumanrights
Google+: unitednationshumanrights
Youtube: unohchr
I have a confession to make…
It's become painfully obvious to me, glancing at my purchase history, that I've reached a point in my computing life where I'm now a big iTunes spender. To my astonishment, in the past year or so I've been burning money on apps, media and services at a clip of a hundred bucks each month. That's actually a conservative estimate. Realistically, my iTunes spending is somewhere in the ballpark of $150-$200 per month.
To look at it another way, that's $1,200-$2,400 in annualized services revenue for Apple from this particular customer, excluding my hardware purchases. When this much cash is getting sucked out of my pocket by Apple, I can't help but admit the company must be doing something right when it comes to digital media and services.
I realize $100 per month is a lot of money to burn on digital entertainment. I'm not going to preach on issues of morality here nor will I suggest that everyone should spend that much, or spend anything at all in the iTunes and App Stores.
What I'm getting at is this: despite dropping significant cash on apps, media and services, I've never felt buyer's remorse. Why? Because I'm getting value for my money and, after all, Apple is just a middleman. To put it bluntly, I'd rather spend my hard earned cash to support those who create content for a living than blatantly steal their hard work.
Here's what a $100 spent in Apple's content stores buys me, why I don't think I'm being ripped off and how the sense of satisfaction I get in return makes it all worthwhile for me.
Apple has had my credit card on file for more than a decade now.
A rundown of my iTunes purchase history
Excluding subscriptions, most of my money is spent toward iPhone, iPad and Mac apps, and movie, television show, book and audiobook purchases.
As you might have guessed, I love apps so the App Store and Mac App Store bite a large chunk out of my monthly iTunes budget. In addition to buying apps and media, I also subscribe to a few popular video services that support iTunes billing.
Plus, I pay for iCloud storage and buy apps for my iPhone and iPad and games for my Apple TV regularly. Add all that up and you'll quickly realize how my average monthly budget for iTunes/App Store content exceeds $100.
For instance, I'm subscribed to HBO NOW because it's the Game of Thrones season.
Netflix has Friends and some other shows that I like so I'm a subscriber there as well. It is no secret that I've been a happy Apple Music subscriber since day one. As of recently, I'm subscribed to CBS' All Access services, too.
Plus, I'll be subscribing to Amazon's Instant Video as soon as it lands on the Apple TV.
All those subs quickly add up:
Apple Music—$9.99 per month
Netflix 4 Screens—$11.99 per month
CBS All Access—$5.99 per month
HBO NOW—$14.99 per month
Quickly, do the math in your head: that's about $43 per month.
I think about it as $43 to enjoy the vast majority of the talk shows, documentaries and sitcoms that I really appreciate. That's a hefty price tag for digital entertainment but still not nearly as much as my former $100 a month cable service.
First and foremost, cutting the cord has let me cancel my overpriced cable service.
Instead of forking out a hundred bucks for an 800+ channel cable package—of which I watch five percent, at most—I'm now paying less than half that much.
Aside from the aforementioned video subscriptions, my fast 100 Mbps broadband Internet service, which used to be really expensive, sets me back just $30 per month because it's now unbundled from the cable service which I've cancelled.
What's a movie buff's budget for iTunes Movies?
Being a movie buff, I also regularly rent movies from the iTunes Store through my Apple TV and enjoy them on my big screen plasma TV. I would typically rent at least one per week. Despite the somewhat steep price of HD rentals on iTunes (up to $5.99), that's still a lot cheaper than the price of a cinema ticket.
My iBooks Store purchase history. Many of these books cost $14.99+ each.
Throw in the time wasted standing in the line, gas spent, pricey popcorn/drinks—let's not forget a hefty tax to upgrade your movie-watching experience to 3D/IMAX—and suddenly you're spending ten times the price of an iTunes rental.
This is precisely why I rent movies on iTunes and only go to the cinema when major blockbusters arrive that warrant paying extra for the huge screen, powerful surround sound and the social experience of watching a movie with a bunch of other people.
If I really, really like a particular movie, I'll actually buy the multi-gigabyte download on iTunes, knowing I can keep it forever. The non-discounted price of a big name movie on iTunes is $19.99, but most can be had for $14.99.
That's a lot of money to drop on a movie file, but as I said—I'm a movie buff so there are films I'd watch over and over again without getting bored, so I buy them on iTunes. It's helping that Apple runs regular promotions bringing popular movies down to $9.99, or even $4.99, for a limited time.
I think I have around 70 purchased movies in my iTunes history.
A glimpse of my iTunes Movies purchase history.
Some of my favorite purchases?
Well, anything Marvel, anything Star Wars, anything Pixar, the Hobbit movies, The Lord of the Rings trilogy, sci-fi and disaster flicks such as Armageddon, the Alien series, Oblivion and Prometheus, as well as legendary movies such as Titanic, Terminator, Back to The Future trilogy, the Godfather films, Scarface and many, many more.
You want to rent music, not own it
As for music, I used to purchase tons of music on iTunes back when the iPod was all the rage. I think I must have burned $1,000+ over the years just on the music files alone. I've never spent money on a ringtone on the iTunes Store, and never will, because paying 99 cents for a 30-second snippet seems too silly to me.
I don't think I'll ever buy an MP3 file again. When the iTunes Music Store debuted in 2003, Apple's marketing kept repeating that people want to buy the music, not rent it. Given the poor state of music-streaming services 15 years ago, the statement rang true.
Nowadays, it's the other way round.
I'm no longer interested in wasting cash on tracks because Apple Music gives me all the music that I want for less than the price of a new album release on the iTunes Store. This is why I happily pay Apple ten bucks each month to stream my music.
I ain't afraid of karma. Or maybe I am?
With a 10+ year history as an iTunes spender, what could my grand total be in terms of my accrued expenses, back from the day I bought my very first 99-cent song and including my most recent purchase (Al Gore's documentary “An Inconvenient Truth”, which was free on iTunes yesterday).
To be totally honest with you, that's the rabbit hole I'd rather not go down. Not today, not tomorrow, not ever. See, I don't think I'd be able to sleep at night knowing I could have bought myself a nice used car had I stolen all that content.
I'll be the first to admit that I used to get my digital music through Napster before the iTunes Store came along. I didn't really want to, but felt compelled to steal because buying MP3s legally was a tremendously convoluted, frustrating experience back then.
What sold me on the idea of buying music back when Napster was the cool kid and everyone was downloading MP3s without paying a dime was—aside from the seamless one-click iTunes buying experience—the surgically precise way that Steve Jobs framed it on the day the iTunes Store was announced.
“It's stealing,” he said, “and it's best not to mess with karma.”
Indeed, karma is a pretty unforgiving thing and being afraid of karma is the best way I know of not repeating my past mistakes. Therefore, I chose not to steal anymore.
Apple's new $20 billion business
The funny things are, Apple has only just begun milking its herd of cash cows, really.
And with one billion active devices in the wild and the tremendous stickiness of its platform, small wonder it raked in a massive $6 billion in services revenue in March 2016 quarter alone, representing a notable 20 percent growth over the same quarter in 2015.
Throughout the whole calendar 2015, Apple sold an unbelievable $19.9 billion worth of services to customers, up ten percent from a year earlier.
An excerpt from Apple's Supplemental Material revealing Services revenue.
The more Apple's affluent customers buy apps, media and services, the higher the Services revenue will climb, even more so knowing that services revenue isn't tied to the ups and downs of quarterly iPhone, iPad and Mac sales.
“This is an unbelievable asset for us,” Cook said on a conference call with investors.
“Because our installation base has grown quickly, we have also seen an acceleration in what has become one of the largest service businesses in the world.”
Apple as a services company…
Who knew, eh?
Moral of the story: no buyer's remorse whatsoever
I'm glad I took Jobs's advice and that it worked surprisingly well.
I knew back then that I didn't really want to become a cheapskate who'd steal content left and right and justify himself with a lousy excuse like, “Hey, everyone's doing it!”
On average, I buy one book per month in the iBooks Store.
In the physical world, one doesn't get to go to the cinema if one cannot afford a ticket so why should the digital world be any different?
I'm interested to hear your thoughts on this topic and want to learn about your habits when it comes to iTunes spending and, more broadly, paying for digital entertainment.
Photo credit: 401kcalculator.org
What phone was connected to the Yemen bombs? Posted by Mikko @ 10:25 GMT
Two PETN bombs were found last night. One was hidden inside a laser printer toner cartridge. The bombs were reportedly sent from Yemen to the USA on board regular freight planes.
The bombs were equipped with a detonator connected to a mainboard and a battery taken from a regular mobile phone. Apparently the bombs would have been detonated by calling the phone, triggering the ring vibrating motor, which would detonate the PETN inside the cartridge. Alternatively, a calendar alert set in the phone would trigger the vibrator as well.
So, which phone was it?
Based on the picture of the board, it's most likely a Nokia 6120 Classic.
Compare the image of the PCB connected to the bomb (top) to an image of a spare part 6120c mainboard (bottom):
Nokia 6120 Classic is a smartphone, running Symbian OS 9.2 as the operating system.
IED bombs connected to different kinds of phones are regularly found in Iraq and other crisis zones in the world.
Image credits: Wikipedia, New York Times and IPMart.
Thanks to Pena Sarajärvi.
43 minutes ago BY TMZ STAFF
Breaking News
Kesha ﻿wept openly in court when a judge ruled she will NOT be let out of her Sony Music contract.
Kesha is accusing her longtime producer Dr. Luke of sexually, mentally, and physically abusing her during the years they cranked out hit music — and as a result she wants out of her Sony deal.
She had sought an injunction allowing her to make an album outside of Sony, but the judge shot that down Friday morning … saying she can work with a different producer under the Sony umbrella.
Kesha's attorneys say they're worried Sony will blackball her if she refuses to work with Luke.
Dr. Luke is not in the courtroom. There's been no decision on the abuse claims in Kesha's lawsuit.
Story developing …
1.1.1 Maps
Our Mappool contains out of the following 7 Maps:
Alterzim Stronghold
Waystation
Frost
Habitation Station
Merry Go Round LE
Overgrowth LE
King Sejong Station LE
Games are to be played on the following Battle.net locations:
EU vs EU -> EU server
KR vs KR -> KR server
US vs US -> US server
EU vs KR -> US server
Rest: rotational ‘Player A' and ‘Player B' will choose the server region. Only the currently located servers can be chosen. [e.g. if Player A is located in EU, Player B in NA - the KR realm is forbidden.]
First right to choose the server got the lower ranked Player in the Grid.
1.1.3 Map choice
The map choice is based on veto:
Both players remove a map from the map pool alternatingly as long as necessary until only the maximal required number of maps (= best-of-mode) remains. These are the maps used for the match.
Now both players pick a map from the remaining maps alternatingly as long as maps remain, determining the order of maps to be played.
The player who has upper position in the grid can choose who starts with the first veto, the player who had the first veto also starts picking the first map.
1.2 Before the Match
All games have to be played with the most up to date version of \"StarCraft II: Heart of the Swarm\".
The game speed has to be \"faster\", no handicap, no A.I. opponents and 1vs1 mode.
1.2.4 Game settings
It is not allowed to change the race between maps. Picking random race is allowed. If a rematch is appointed, players may be forced to stick to the same race as in the original match, please contact the adminstrators if in doubt.
1.2.5 Before the match start
1.2.5.1 Player colors
Players have to use a certain in-game colors (red or blue) when asked to by an official, ignoring this can lead to a minor penalty.
1.2.5.3 Status on Battle.net
Players must have “busy” selected as their status at all times during matches. Receiving an ingame message during a match will result in a default loss for that map and can result in further sanctions up to disqualification.
1.2.5.4 Player name
Players have to act with an identifiable ingame account. No barcodes or misleading names are allowed.
1.3 During the match
1.3.1.1 Disconnections
If a player disconnects involuntarily the game will be restarted, hosted by an admin.
As a player it is strictly forbidden to watch the replay.
1.3.1.2 Completion of the match
The match as a whole has to be finished. It is not allowed to disrupt a match between maps without the permission of the tournament administration. If a player refuses to start the remaining map/maps he will be counted as not having showed up and receive the according penalties for a no-show.
1.4 After the match
1.4.1 Draws
A draw on a map may occur if:
Both players are unable to destroy each other's buildings and both players agree to it being a draw.
The tournament administration declares a draw based upon the observation of the map.
In case of a draw the same map has to be replayed until a winner is established.
1.4.2 Match media
All players have to save the all replays of their matches and name them in a recognizable fashion (e.g. player1_player2_mapname)
1.4.3 Breaks between Maps
After each map a player may take a maximum of three minutes to join the next game. This time may be spent watching the replay of the past game. In a best-of-five player may step away from the computer for a maximum of five minutes after the third map. In a best-of-seven this is allowed after the third and sixth map.
-
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region—The United Nations in Iraq and the Kurdistan Journalists Syndicate have both condemned the attack on Rudaw Media Network early Saturday morning, stressing the vital role free media plays in democratic society.
“The United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq (UNAMI) deplores the grenade attack that targeted the offices of Rudaw Media Network in Erbil during the night of Friday 24 June 2016. The Mission wishes those injured in this attack a speedy recovery. UNAMI expresses solidarity with Rudaw and all media in Iraq who are performing their work under difficult circumstances. The Mission urges the authorities to ensure that freedom of expression is safeguarded,” reads a statement from the UN's Baghdad office.
Shortly after midnight Saturday morning, a grenade was thrown from a moving vehicle at the Rudaw head office and media centre in Erbil. Three private security guards, one driver, and one member of Rudaw's public relations staff suffered minor injuries.
The Kurdistan Journalists Syndicate joined in the condemnation of the attack.
"This attack comes at a time when Rudaw Media Network, alongside some other media in the Kurdistan Region, has a new positive influence in deepening the democratic process and advocating Kurdish national and societal rights. In this way, they have fearlessly stepped forward. Therefore, it was expected that Kurdish rivals and foes, wherever they are, will plot to worsen the Kurdistan Region's security and silence these brave voices through their futile attempts," reads an announcement from the media advocacy group.
"We, from the Kurdistan Journalists Syndicate council condemn this futile attack and call on the Asayesh [security forces], police and other associated parties to arrest the perpetrators of this attack on Rudaw Media Network as quickly as possible."
No group has yet claimed responsibility for the attack.
Stayzilla – The Godzilla of homestays born and made in India with over 55,000 homestays, hotels, guest houses, jungle lodges and boat houses under its armour across 900 cities and towns across India, has decided to shut down. This is one of the biggest disasters to have ever hit the nascent home stay niche in India, of which AirBnB is the global leader.
If we leave aside Oyo Rooms, which mainly focusses on hotel rooms under their own brand name, Stayzilla was the only big Indian startup in the lucrative home stay space.
Their website and app have stopped accepting new bookings, as all the properties listed are showing as ‘sold out'. As per statements issued, the company will honour every booking made till February 28th, and will issue full refund for all bookings made after that.
As per a blog published by Stayzilla founder Yogendra Vasupal, the company is ‘rebooting' and would be soon launched in a different avatar.
Here are 4 valuable insights shared by Vasupal, which gives us a plausible explanation of the disaster which just happened, and which also provides a glimpse into the future prospects of the company:
Lack of Local Network Effect In Indian Cities
Stayzilla founder Vasudev laments the fact that ‘local network effect' is completely missing in small Indian cities, which led to an additional burden on the company to sustain growth. Local network effect happens when the value of a product or service increases as more customers use that product or service, and thereby the overall value for both new and existing customers increases, all at the same time. In the case of Stayzilla, this couldn't happen, and this led to the disaster.
In the blog post, he said, “The travel marketplace does not have local network effects and, therefore, we can't really take a focused city-by-city approach in terms of matching supply and demand.” As per Vasudev, homestay market was non-existent 18 months ago, and the company had to educate and inspire both home-owners and the guests to opt for this service. This hindered their progress, and ‘stretched them thin'.
Lack of Infrastructure Support For Startups
As per Vasudev, the basic infrastructure for establishing and running a startup in the home-stay niche is missing in India, which proved to be fatal for the company. Giving examples, he said that basic public goods services like ‘logistics, tech savvy suppliers and online user demand' were missing, and in some cases, they even had to teach usage of Internet for some hosts.
He said, “The costs, both financial and opportunity costs, creep up on you over a period of time and gets rationalised as cost of doing business in India.”
Massive Discounting Based Practices
The blog by Vasudev tells that due to massive discounting practices by their rivals, Stayzilla had to burn more dollars that it earned, thereby leading to an imbalance in the balance sheet. He said, “Forced to match prices, we could not even recoup what we put in, necessitating very large capital requirement simply to sustain growth.”
Unnecessary Focus On ‘Vanity' Metrics
As we saw in the case of Snapdeal, the management focussed on unnecessary metrics like GMV (Gross merchandise volume), which diluted their focus, rather than focussing on the vital metrics like ‘'negative working capital, positive cash flow and a sustained ability to fund our own growth'. He says, “.. I can honestly state that somewhere I lost my path. I started treasuring GMV, room-nights and other ‘vanity' metrics instead of the fundamentals of cash flow and working capital.”
As per Vasudev, Stayzilla is only rebooting their operations, and very soon, they would come up with a pivot, an alternate business model which is free of these issues. From the blog, it seems that Stayzilla will convert into a brand, which assures quality rooms in hotels, lodges, somewhat like Oyo Rooms is doing right now.
Explaining the future, he said, “Specialised solutions such as the concept of ‘Stayzilla Verified Homestays' excite me in particular. Originally conceived to increase trust, this could serve as the benchmark for the entire nascent and unstructured industry.”
The blog ends with the song ‘Try' by Colbie Caillat, which is a beautiful ballad on how a person should not change himself/herself in order to please others.
Are we getting any signals here?
Personally, I have been using Stayzilla for a while, and felt that they have a tremendous future in India and abroad. However, not all startups are meant to exist till eternity.
We wish Stayzilla team best of luck for their future endeavours.
From April 5, 2015, until June 24, 2016, former Vice President Joe Biden's niece, Caroline Biden, used someone else's credit card to rack up over $110,000 in charges at C.O. Bigelow Apothecary in New York City.
According to the New York Daily News, the victim, who has not been named, authorized Biden to use her card to make a $672 purchase, but Biden then opened a line of credit at the store.
On Friday, the 29-year-old pleaded guilty to one count of grand larceny and one count of petit larceny. However, a plea deal will keep her out of prison.
Caroline Biden, the niece of former Vice President Joe Biden, defrauded a New York City pharmacy out of over … https://t.co/TnD5KuLHgH pic.twitter.com/ZdqlB3Xn2n — Republic Buzz (@republicbuzz) June 10, 2017
The New York Post reported, as part of the plea, she agreed to make restitution of $110,810.04. If she stays out of trouble and pays everything back, she'll face two years probation for the lesser charge of petit larceny.
The Post noted that even if she doesn't complete the terms of her plea deal, she still won't end up in jail and will instead be sentenced to five year probation for the grand larceny charge.
This isn't the first time Biden has been in trouble with the law or the first time she's seemingly gotten off easy. According to the Daily Mail, in 2013, she was arrested for harassment, resisting arrest, and obstruction of justice after she was involved in an altercation with her roommate over rent.
While being placed under arrest, she reportedly told police, “I shouldn't be handcuffed! You don't know who you're doing this to!”
The Georgetown graduate took a swing at a police officer, but was able to have the charges dismissed if she stayed out of trouble for six months. She didn't even show up in court for sentencing, and the New York Post reported her then-lawyer James Liguori claimed she was in rehab for “anger management.”
In 2013, her friend, Paul Johnson Calderon, told The Post, “The pressure of being Joe Biden's niece made her totally unravel,” and called it a “desire for attention.”
And in Illinois, a long-held Democratic territory with Democratic supermajorities in the legislature, the new Republican governor, Bruce Rauner, announced an executive order barring state workers who opt out of unions from being forced to pay fees based on a constitutional argument, offering a new model for states where split partisan politics have slowed right-to-work policies.
Federal law already permits workers not to join unions. But these laws go further, permitting workers to not pay fees to them. Unions argue that the fees are fair for nonunion members who still benefit from the contracts they negotiate, and that without a requirement, their membership, financial support and very existence are threatened.
The effects of such measures are fiercely debated, with dueling experts and research papers.
In Michigan, the percentage of workers in unions has dropped to 14.5 percent from 16.6 percent before the changes. Yet in Indiana, the percentage of union members grew to 10.7 percent from 9.1 percent in 2012, a statistic some labor experts say shows how difficult it is to gauge the effects of such measures given other factors at play.
In Wisconsin, the percentage of workers in unions dropped to 11.7 percent in 2014 from 14.2 percent in 2010, before Mr. Walker took office.
Central to the new momentum behind the laws were sweeping Republican victories in state elections in 2010, when the party got full control — in the chambers and the governor's office — of states that included Wisconsin, Michigan and Indiana. Republicans made more gains in 2014, now controlling 68 of the 98 chambers around the country and the most state legislative seats since 1920. But it was the victories in 2010 that set off a new flood of right-to-work legislation in the Midwest, which had rarely seen it.
Soon after taking office, Mr. Walker pressed for a bill that cut collective bargaining for most public sector workers and removed requirements that they pay fees if they chose not to join unions that represented them. Republicans elsewhere followed suit, but not all of those measures flew through. Ohio, where Republicans had taken sole control of state government, passed a measure limiting collective bargaining, but it was rejected months later in a statewide ballot measure.
Xulhaz Mannan hacked to death in country where several academics and bloggers have been brutally murdered
The founder of Bangladesh's only lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) magazine has been killed in the latest of a series of horrific murders of bloggers and activists.
Xulhaz Mannan was one of two people hacked to death in an attack in the capital, Dhaka, police said, by a gang posing as couriers in order to gain access to his apartment in the Kalabagan area of the city.
Mohammad Iqbal, the officer in charge of the local police station, confirmed that about six people had entered the apartment building and hacked Mannan and his friend to death in a first-floor flat. Two other people were seriously injured.
“A person came with a box identifying himself as courier service personnel. Xulhaz took him upstairs to his flat,” Iqbal said.
Mannan, 35, was a founding editor of Roopbaan, the country's only magazine for the LGBT community and also worked at the US development agency USAid. The magazine had been launched in 2014 to promote greater acceptance of LGBT communities in Bangladesh.
A security guard at Mannan's building said the group had identified themselves as courier company officials when they arrived at around 5pm. “Half an hour later, I heard shouting and shooting sounds from the flat and went to look into the incident,” he told the Dhaka Times. “The assailants then attacked me with knives.”
Police said they had found the box, but did not divulge its contents.
Marcia Bernicat, the US ambassador to Bangladesh, condemned the killing. “I am devastated by the brutal murder of Xulhaz Mannan and another young Bangladeshi,” she said.
“We abhor this senseless act of violence and urge the government of Bangladesh in the strongest terms to apprehend the criminals behind these murders.”.
The deaths of Mannan and his friend adds to a series of horrific murders of bloggers and academics in the country. It comes two days after Rezaul Karim Siddique, 58, an English professor, was hacked to death with machetes as he walked from his home to a bus station in the north-western city of Rajshahi.
Earlier this month, Nazimuddin Samad, 28, an atheist blogger, was murdered near Jagannath University, where he was a law student.
Mannan had been behind an annual “rainbow rally” in Dhaka, which since 2014 had been held on 14 April, at the beginning of the Bengali new year. It was cancelled this year on police instruction.
A close friend of Mannan's who lives in the US said Mannan had told him on Facebook that after the rally was cancelled four participants were arrested and only released after their families had been informed “that their sons were homosexuals”.
Homosexual relations are criminalised in Bangladesh and many LGBT activists have been forced into exile.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An unidentified colleague of Xulhaz Mannan weeps as she leaves the scene of the murders in Dhaka. Photograph: AP
The friend described Mannan as “my elder brother, friend, guardian, mentor”. He said the two had known each other since becoming friends through the online LGBT group Boys of Bangladesh, where members would talk about their daily struggles and challenges.
“People would make friends there, virtual friendship under pseudo names as no one trusted nobody … insecurity was high in that group, but he shared a series of photographs on Dhanmondi Lake on a winter morning and posted them under his real name Xulhaz Mannan,” he said.
“Xulhaz was the first openly gay person I had known. He was out to his close university and school friends, out to his colleagues, and everybody loved him to bits … he introduced me to a world where straight people did not care what my sexual orientation was.”
Champa Patel, Amnesty International's south Asia director, said: “There have been four deplorable killings so far this month alone. It is shocking that no one has been held to account for these horrific attacks and that almost no protection has been given to threatened members of civil society.
“Bangladeshi authorities have a legal responsibility to protect and respect the right to life. They must urgently focus their energies on protecting those who express their opinions bravely and without violence, and bringing the killers to justice. The authorities must strongly condemn these horrific attacks, something they have failed to do so far.”
Rashed Zaman, a professor of international relations at the University of Dhaka, said. “This is unacceptable. People may have belief and orientation but at the end of the day everyone has their own individual rights to live the life they want.
“I firmly believe in spite of the many difficulties I think our law enforcement are more than capable enough to unearth these cases if they put in effort.”
Russian shipbuilder proposes range of arctic projects
An exhibition in Arkhangelsk, Russia, called Arctic – Territory Dialogue (Арктика - территория диалога) reveals some of the proposed civilian applications for Russia's deep sea engineering and Autonomous Nuclear Power Plants. Shipbuilder USC and famous design bureau Rubin showed models of a nuclear-powered under-ice oil or gas drilling platform called Iceberg. The submarines are of special interest, and the topic is related to naval projects under the icecap.
The Foundation for Advanced Studies's Iceberg project was funded by the Fund for Policy Studies from 2015 to 2017. The exhibition is likely due to the completion of the study.
There is an excellent report at dimmi-tomsk.livejournal (Russian language). The basis of this article is from that source, cross-referenced with my previous article Russia Seeks Advantage in Arctic and other Russian sources.
The ultimate book of Special Forces subs Covert Shores 2nd Edition is the ONLY world history of naval Special Forces, their missions and their specialist vehicles. SEALs, SBS, COMSUBIN, Sh-13, Spetsnaz, Kampfschwimmers, Commando Hubert, 4RR and many more.
Check it out on Amazon
Underwater seismic complex (submarine)
One of two Rubin designed nuclear powered submarines featured is a large 16,500 ton boat with four large wings used for seismic surveys. It will be 135.5 meters (445 ft) long and 14.4 meters (47 ft) across, excluding wings. The wings fold into a semi-recessed position along the hulls when not in use. Two or more sensor cables are connected between each set of wings. The submarine will have a crew of 40 and an endurance of 90 days, and can operate down to 400m (1,300ft).
The object in a vertical hangar in the bow is an ROV, similar to the Western models used by Russia:
A series of cable spools is visible inside the hull:
Twin-hull transport submarine
The other submarine is a unique twin-hulled design with seemingly identical hulls. There are several connecting structures between the hulls but it is unclear if personnel can move from one hull to the other. Large payloads are carried between the hulls.
The large pod shown suspended beneath the submarine is an Underwater Uninhabited Nuclear Power Module.
The design would be highly maneuverable to allow precision placement of the payload on the sea floor. For this is having twin steerable kort-nozzle screws plus four steerable thrusters under the hull and four vertical thrusters in the bow and stern.
Gidropress Underwater Autonomous Nuclear Reactor Plant
The 'Underwater Uninhabited Nuclear Power Modules' (ПНАЭМ = PNAE) model shown is the 'Gidropress' (ГИДРОПРЕСС) from the OKBM design bureau. It is a scalable 10-50MW reactor which uses a lead-bismuth cooled fast reactor based on technology developed for the famous Project 705K ALFA Class submarine. The article states that it has a nominal electric module power of 24 MW and is capable of at least 8,000 hours continuous operation without the presence of humans or maintenance.
We Shouldn't Have to Ask the State's Permission to Work
Wouldn't it be great if there was a magic bullet that would simultaneously raise wages and employment while also lowering prices for consumers?
In fact, those are just some of the benefits that reforming overly burdensome occupational licensing laws would provide, according to a report published by the White House Council of Economic Advisers, the Department of the Treasury, and the Department of Labor.
In Occupational Licensing: A Framework for Policymakers, the authors observe that “the current systems of licensure … prevent workers from succeeding in the best job for them,” leading to an inefficient labor market and reduced economic growth.
This is especially true in Nevada, where excessive fees and extended mandatory training periods make the Silver State one of the most “onerously licensed” states in the nation, according to a 2012 study by the Institute for Justice.
Licensing laws are appropriate for professions that carry a substantial risk of physical harm. But Nevada's go far beyond that narrow scope. In fact, nearly 31 percent of the Silver State's workforce must first obtain government approval in order to work — the second highest rate nationwide. By comparison, the national rate back in the 1950s was only 4 percent.
For many of these professions, licensing is simply inappropriate. Consider the 2011 law that made it a criminal offense to practice music therapy without a license. But even for professions where licensing is appropriate, Nevada is often far too burdensome — with exorbitant fees and prolonged training periods that bear no relationship to the regulation's alleged purpose of safeguarding “life, health, and property.”
Barbers, for example, must submit to a national-high 890 days of education and apprenticeship, pass four exams and pay $140 in fees. Add to this the fact that Nevada does not offer reciprocity for licenses obtained in other states, including the 33 other states that require, at most, 350 days of education and training.
Yet an emergency medical technician can receive a license after only 26 days of education.
General contractors — such as painters, cabinetmakers, and pipe layers — must pay a national-high $1,030 and lose four years to an apprenticeship before the State will permit them to work.
And then there is the most egregious form of industry protection in the country: Nevada's licensing of interior designers, a profession for which 46 other states rightly require no license at all. Nevada demands payment of a $250 fee and six years of education or experience before one is allowed to dispense such potentially dangerous advice as which sofa or coffee table would go best with the living room décor.
The harm caused by these laws runs deep.
A just-released Arizona State University study finds that states with the heaviest licensing burdens experienced higher levels of recidivism than their counterparts. This validates the common-sense intuition that limiting access to gainful employment only makes it harder on those trying to rebuild their lives.
What caused such a proliferation of unjust and harmful laws?
Decades of empirical research has found that the “degree of political influence” is “one of the most important factors in determining whether States regulate an occupation,” according to the authors of the White House report. In other words, excessive licensing laws are often advanced by industry insiders — who directly profit from the ability to legally exclude potential competitors. This is cronyism at its worst. Government should be facilitating Nevadans' desire to earn an honest living, not restricting them so that the politically connected may profit.
Many of the licensing requirements for professions such as interior design and musical therapy should simply be abolished. For those professions where licensing is appropriate, the fees and education requirements should be reduced dramatically to align better with genuine safety risks.
The Institute for Justice has designed model legislation to do just that. It's a great resource for any legislator seeking to help create jobs, boost Nevada's economy and, most importantly, restore Nevadans' right to earn a living without being burdened by excessive governmental fees and restrictions.
Russia will create a multi-billion dollar anti-crisis fund in 2015 of money destined for the Pension Fund and some left over in this year's budget to help companies hit by sanctions, Finance Minister Anton Siluanov was quoted as saying on Monday.
Several waves of Western sanction against Moscow for its involvement in the Ukraine crisis have limited access to foreign capital for Russia's largest banks and key oil companies.
Some companies have asked the government for help, including the country's top-oil producer Rosneft which said it would need 1.5 trillion roubles ($39.70 billion US) in aid.
Siluanov was quoted as saying by Russian news agencies that the decision to stop transferring money to the Pension Fund would hand the budget an extra 309 billion roubles ($8.18 billion US).
He said not all of that sum would go into the anti-crisis fund, but that it would also receive at least 100 billion roubles of money left over in this year's budget.
"This 100 billion roubles will be added to the [anti-crisis] reserve next year, which will allow us to help our companies," RIA news agency citied Siluanov as saying.
"We are planning to create a reserve of a significant size."
It was not clear how big the fund would be.
It will be the second year running that Moscow has stopped transfers of funds from the budget to the Pension Fund, which provides benefits for Russia's pensioners, some invalids and families who have lost their breadwinners.
Russia's strength is being tested by the sanctions and the country must react in a level-headed way, Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev told members of the country's ruling party, United Russia, on Monday.
"When a series of our partners, if they can be called that, test Russia's strength through sanctions and all kinds of threats, it is important not to succumb to the temptation of so-called easy solutions and to preserve and continue the development of democratic processes in our society, our state," Medvedev said in a televised speech.
With the current JK series Jeep Wrangler due for replacement after a decade of service, the automaker is working on making the next-generation version of its iconic model more fuel efficient than ever. But those updates won't be at the expense of its heritage or off-road prowess, Automotive News reports.
“Don't screw it up,” was the guidance Jeep's Mike Manley told the team behind the next-generation Wrangler, according to the report. Manley's words apply not only to the model's off-road capabilities, but its signature styling as well.
“We're obviously hoping to continue the success of the next-generation Wrangler,” Manley told Automotive News. “We've pushed this vehicle forward in many areas — fuel economy being one of them and that's going to help us in many of the international markets.”
While the next-generation Jeep Wrangler will feature new lightweight materials, revised aerodynamics, and more efficient drivetrains in an effort to increase fuel economy, it will ride on an all-new lighter and stronger frame as well as retain its solid front and rear axles. And don't expect its styling to stray too far from its boxy shape.
That stronger and lighter frame will be surrounded by several new aluminum body panels in place of the current model's steel bits. The front grille and windshield on the next-gen Wrangler are also said to feature a “steeper rake” than the current model.
“You have to be very careful with the aero of Wrangler, because at the end of the day, it needs to be recognizable as a Wrangler. To some extent that restricts you on some of the aero that you can do. But with weight and a number of the changes that we've made, you're going to see that we've really pushed that vehicle forward in terms of its fuel economy.”
Drivetrain rumors suggest that the next-generation Jeep Wrangler could be powered by FCA's new turbocharged 2.0-liter “Hurricane” inline four-cylinder engine mated to the ZF eight-speed automatic transmission. Other powertrain rumors suggest a hybrid model is possible, though a turbodiesel model (for global markets as well as the U.S.) is more likely. We hope the six-speed manual transmission remains on the option list. A Wrangler-based pickup could also arrive after the SUV debuts.
With extensive know-how in plastic molding, the creative team from Helmet Dawg was able to put together an impressive BATMAN-inspired motorcycle helmet. Billed as "Dark As Night," the black -on-black design features a GMax GM48S Platinum Series full-face motorcycle helmet as its base. Then through a long customization process, designers added the pointed ears and browline accents (all made with impact-resistant plastics). Several coats of black automotive paint as well as a clear coat finish ensure the jet black appearance. While the additions are not DOT approved, the base GMax GM48S helmet still is, making the "Dark As Night" BATMAN-Inspired Motorcycle Helmet eye-catching and yet fully functional at the same time. To purchase your very own, head to Helmet Dawg's online store for ordering details.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
via: DesignTaxi
SOUTH BEND, Ind. — Chip Long was a Brian Kelly disciple years before a job description, office address and paycheck notarized that relationship. The connection unofficially dates to the Grand Valley State football team's visits to Florence, Ala., home to the Division II championship game for almost three decades. There, Kelly's powerhouse Lakers squads punctuated consecutive national title runs in 2002 and 2003. Also there, a young and resourceful player for North Alabama named Chip Long played spy and sponge, sneaking into the Grand Valley State practices, watching the offense work—“It was just a machine,” Long recalled—and marveling at the interactions between Kelly and his players, especially the quarterbacks. It felt like the sort of thing he wanted to be around some day.
By early January, Long was not around it as much as in it, intensely. The 33-year-old had been brought aboard as Notre Dame's new offensive coordinator, part of a thorough staff overhaul brought about by a dreary four-win season and the apoplexy it inspired.
As much as any of the seven new staff imports, Long embodied the dynamic that will save or sink the tenure of the man he'd long admired from afar. Either he'll have freedom to be invigorating, to be a font of fresh philosophies, or he'll be smothered by the head coach's refusal to let go. He'll either be buoyed by the unspoken (but plainly obvious) mandate to win now, or he'll scuffle and this will be another all-too-brief peek into Brian Kelly's world. “Whether you won 12 or you won four, there's always a sense of urgency,” Long said, as he and the other hires met with reporters last week. “Every year, you're coaching for your life.”
Though Kelly previously has reached outside his comfort zone to hire assistants at Notre Dame, he's never done it so comprehensively. This is a good sign. It also creates a massive but unavoidable challenge, if Kelly's eighth year coaching the Fighting Irish is to result in the opportunity to coach a ninth.
The new coaches aren't exactly undertaking a total gut rehab, based on the school's resources and the talent on hand, but they nonetheless must install offensive, defensive and special teams systems more or less from the ground-up. And they will do so with absolutely none of the patience or leeway typically afforded to coaches in that position.
In South Bend, no one worries about the balance between building something and winning right away. Because there's simply no balance to worry about. “If Notre Dame had gone 10–2 last year and hired me as the defensive coordinator because the old one had so much success that he got a head job, then I would have to come in and win,” said Mike Elko, who arrived as defensive coordinator after three years at Wake Forest. “In this situation, you have to come in and win. That's college football today. And that played into taking the job, too: You can't live in the fear of what will happen if it doesn't go well. You bet on yourself and have confidence in what you can get done.”
First, Kelly must push his chips in with his new aides and see what comes of it.
Year record 2010 8–5 2011 8–5 2012 12–1 2013 9–4 2014 8–5 2015 10–3 2016 4–8
A head coach, of course, retains the right to be a head coach and shape his team's systems and gameplans accordingly. But the Notre Dame staff changes also gave the place a distinct New Idea scent. And that necessitates a loosening of the grip.
Consider the arrival of Tom Rees to coach quarterbacks three years after the 24-year-old finished a career as a Fighting Irish quarterback himself. Rees won 23 games as a signal-caller for Kelly and fully understands Kelly's passion for the position. He also likely guessed Kelly would be involved with the development of first-year starter Brandon Wimbush. Which is why Rees's biggest question for Kelly was whether he, in fact, would get to run the room he was hired to run. “He told me, point blank, you're coaching the quarterbacks,” Rees said. “That was refreshing to hear.”
It's one thing to say it and another to actually operate with that clarity. Paul Longo, Kelly's longtime strength coach and unofficial consigliere, is now on long-term disability and could not continue running the conditioning program. But will Longo indeed be reassigned within the Notre Dame hierarchy, and if he is, will a confidante with Kelly's ear allow new strength coach Matt Balis to execute his duties without the feeling that someone is looking over his shoulder?
Then there is everyone's favorite parlor game at Notre Dame: Who Calls The Plays? The mystery seemed to end before it started, as the announcement of Long's arrival from Memphis coincided with the announcement that he'd call the shots. “That's what [Kelly] said from the get-go,” Long noted. It was, for sure, no small concession. Then Kelly added last week that he sought a coordinator who “called plays through my eyes.” He said Notre Dame would not “change the entire offense and teach a new system” but rather add “elements” of Long's offense to what's in place already. Maybe that's normal and prudent. Maybe that's an indication that matters are a bit muddier than they should be.
Suffice it to say that, after a 4–8 season, it would behoove Notre Dame to permit its new coaches and their new concepts ample room to breathe. Otherwise what's the point of bringing them on at all, except to ensure a new batch of coaches by January 2018?
Besides, standing in the way would make a formidable job even tougher.
Notre Dame's new coaches have started teaching basics in winter film work. They will continue to teach basics on the field in spring. And they will do it all with an eye on winning double-digit games this fall, an expectation as ridiculous as it is real.
John Rivera/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images
Long and Rees, for example, arrive with the mandate to make Wimbush an expert in a somewhat new offense with new verbiage, to swiftly turn a 6'1”, 225-pound redshirt sophomore with five career pass attempts into a performer capable of keeping the Fighting Irish on at least the fringes of the College Football Playoff discussion. “If you can develop a confidence of, hey I'm confident with what my role is, with what I'm doing, I think that results in wins,” Rees said.
And when asked what he'd teach when he finally got his defense on a field in spring, Elko talked about installing base alignments and principles of how to adjust to shifts and motions. The 39-year-old also noted the coaches would have to teach players the balance, contact points and finish that constitute this staff's preferred way of taking down ballcarriers. This is the rudimentary stuff that Notre Dame's new coaches will address in the coming weeks: They literally will drill the roster on how to tackle. Somehow this has to translate to performances worthy of national rankings, and more, in mere months.
“You look at the close games that were lost in the fourth quarter, you look at the amount of times they had leads in the second half, and you're probably not looking at a talent disparity,” Elko said. “You're probably just looking at a few small things that need to get tweaked. If you're taking over a defense that every game last year they lost by 30, then how do you make that jump that quick? I don't know. It's probably pretty hard. But that's not what we're looking to do here.”
What they are looking to do does not sound much easier. But they're not kidding themselves about that, either. “Could we work any harder? No,” said Brian Polian, who begins a second stint as Notre Dame's special teams coach after four years as Nevada's head coach. “The reality of it is, we couldn't. There are people I know in the real world who look at what we do in the football world and think we're absolutely nuts. To us, this is the life we live. There's an incredible sense of urgency to be great.”
As they reconstructed this staff for a very consequential season, Kelly and other Notre Dame officials who put out their own feelers and did their own due diligence did well to focus on candidates who might provide stimulating perspectives. Candidates who weren't beholden to Kelly, or at least have the backbone to voice disagreements. Candidates who weren't friends or former co-workers at long-ago stops. A four-win season doesn't mean you trash everything, but it certainly demands that you be open to anything.
Now Kelly must let this big gambit play out. He must let the new ideas flow. He must let his new coaches do their jobs. Because they're already on the clock, and you're damn right it's ticking.
WHAT IS CAVEMASTER?
Cavemaster is a serious Stonepunk tabletop fantasy role-playing game of Pleistocene adventure using the Habilis game system. The creature list is extensive and authentic, with a few cool anachronisms. Cavemaster isn't just a tabletop RPG where you play a cave-man. It's an RPG that cave-men could have played!
WHAT IS HABILIS?
The Habilis game system is a fictitious archaeological re-construction of the role-playing game rules first used by our Homo Habilis ancestors approximately 2 million years ago. Habilis requires no components that can't be found in nature: rocks, sticks, and bits of animal hide rather than paper, dice, hex grids, or plastic or metal miniatures (though you certainly MAY use more modern components, if you wish). It requires no written language or detailed record-keeping either, and its mechanics are simple enough to have been passed down verbally from each tribe's Cavemaster (CM) to his (or her) apprentice(s).
A Quick Introduction to the Habilis Rules
Abilities are represented by groups of small stones on your ‘character skin'. In a challenge, you pick up the relevant stones and secretly divide them between your hands. Your opponent (or the CM) does the same. Each participant picks one of the other person's hands, and the stones in that hand are revealed.. If you reveal more stones, you succeed!
WHAT IS STONEPUNK?
In the tradition of Cyberpunk and Steampunk, Stonepunk is an exercise in speculative fiction. Stonepunk turns the clock back to the end of the Pleistocene Epoch (approximately 10,000 years BCE), and asks what might have happened if the culture and technology of that age had developed further, or in exciting new directions!
BACKER REWARDS
Backers can get printable .pdfs, physical printed books, and even hand-made faux leather bags containing specially hand-selected sets of Cavemaster game stones!
Check out our previously published games at the UNIgames web site!
Listen to an interview with designer Jeff Dee including a discussion of Cavemaster here: http://vigilancepress.podbean.com/2011/12/27/jeff-dee-talks-cavemaster-and-more/
You can read about the authors' Cavemaster playtest campaign at http://www.obsidianportal.com/campaigns/black-brow !
Technically Incorrect offers a slightly twisted take on the tech that's taken over our lives.
Enlarge Image Juan Cinco/YouTube screenshot by Chris Matyszczyk/CNET
It's a video that's been viewed almost 7 million times on YouTube.
It's a video that caused Miami doctor Anjali Ramkissoon to appear on ABC's "Good Morning America" to apologize for her behavior.
It's a video that has now gotten her fired.
Ramkissoon's employer, Jackson Health System, has let her go.
The hospital offered me this curt statement: "Jackson Health System is moving forward with the termination of Dr. Anjali Ramkissoon, a resident doctor. She is entitled to an appeal process."
Ramkissoon admitted that she was drunk that fateful Miami night. She said she'd just broken up with her boyfriend and that her father had been hospitalized.
However, her behavior in trying to get into an Uber car that apparently wasn't hers didn't seem entirely doctoral.
In the video -- shot and posted by someone who claimed the Uber driver had actually come to pick him up and not Ramkisoon -- she tussled with the Uber driver.
She tossed his belongings out of the car. She even attempted to kick him in his private practice.
The police were called, but no charges were filed. Ramkissoon told "Good Morning America" that she'd settled with the driver.
None of this, though, seems to have mattered enough to her employer.
Neither Jackson Health System nor Ramkissoon responded to requests for comment.
The incident shows vividly how one night -- one night that gets filmed and put onto YouTube, that is -- can make an enormous difference to someone's life and career.
Now playing: Watch this: Ride Uber? Better carry cash for tips, or else
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman is suspected of causing the death of her three-week-old grandson by falling asleep on top of him on a sofa while drunk.
Police believe that the 55-year-old - who is the newborn baby's gran - had been watching television at the time and had been drinking alcohol.
The baby boy can be named today as George Charnock. Police investigations are continuing. His gran, who has not been named, was looking after him for his mother, Emily Charnock, at the time.
Police and paramedics were called to a house on Lychgate Court, in Oldham's Holts estate, in the early hours of Friday. George was rushed to hospital but medics were unable to revive him. His gran was arrested later at hospital on suspicion of causing the baby's death by overlaying.
Overlaying is the offence of suffocating a child aged under three while in bed with them when intoxicated. The M.E.N. understands however that the tragedy happened on a living room sofa.
The woman has now been released on police bail while investigations continue. She is due to answer her bail on October 1. An inquest into George's death is expected to be opened and adjourned at a later date.
Share. Wii U Virtual Console is on the way. Wii U Virtual Console is on the way.
For months, many gamers have wondered if their Wii games, and transferred Virtual Console and WiiWare software, could be played entirely on Wii U's GamePad, much like New Super Mario Bros. U. Today Nintendo has provided that answer, definitively stating its new controller will not offer that functionality.
Any Wii software - digital or disc-based - must be played on a TV within Wii U's Wii Mode, which is enabled through the system's Day One update. This mode will only operate as Wii did, with that system's controllers and accessories, and nothing else.
Though providing no further details, Nintendo president Satoru Iwata did mention his company plans to create a Wii U Virtual Console that will feature full GamePad functionality.
More on the Wii U launch as we have it.
Rich is an Executive Editor of IGN.com and the leader of IGN's Nintendo team. He also watches over all things WWE, Resident Evil, Assassin's Creed and much more. Follow him on Twitter, if you dare!
FILE PHOTO: Turkey's President Tayyip Erdoğan speaks during a news conference with Tunisia's President Beji Caid Essebsi (not pictured) at Carthage Palace in Tunis, Tunisia, December 27, 2017. REUTERS/Zoubeir Souissi
PARIS (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan will visit Paris on Jan. 5 to meet his French counterpart Emmanuel Macron, with the conflict in Syria high on the agenda, a source in the French president's office said on Saturday.
Among the regional crises the two leaders plan to discuss, there would be a particular focus on Syria as well as on the Palestinian situation, the source said, weeks after U.S. President Donald Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
The move stirred concern among Western allies and outrage in the Arab World.
Erdoğan earlier this week made some of his harshest comments in weeks regarding Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, calling him a terrorist and saying it was impossible for peace efforts in Syria to continue if he did not leave power.
Macron, meanwhile, said recently that France would push for peace talks involving all parties in the six-year-old Syrian conflict, including al-Assad, and promised “initiatives” early next year.
The Elysee source said “the question of human rights will also be raised” when Erdoğan and Macron meet.
A security crackdown in Turkey after a failed coup in 2016 has drawn criticism from campaigners as well as the European Union, which is overseeing Ankara's halting bid to join the bloc.
0 New security measures implemented at Monroeville Mall following shooting
MONROEVILLE, Pa. - New security measures are being implemented at the Monroeville Mall following a weekend shooting that left three people injured.
Allegheny County police arrested and charged a 17-year-old boy in connection with Saturday night's shooting inside the lower level of Macy's department store.
Investigators said Tarod Thornhill was arrested just after 3 a.m. Sunday in Brackenridge. Thornhill is facing adult charges of aggravated assault, attempted homicide and recklessly endangering other people.
On Sunday, the mall announced that a Youth Escort Policy will go into effect by the end of February. It will require all mall visitors under the age of 18 to be accompanied at all times on Friday and Saturday nights after 6 p.m. by a parent or guardian who is at least 21 years old.
In addition to the new policy, there will be an increased police presence at the mall, authorities said. READ MORE HERE.
Despite the changes, Allegheny County District Attorney Stephen Zappala said he urged Monroeville Mall to implement strict security measures in 2013, even arranging for the mall owners to work with a security consultant.
"I don't believe they did what the consultant asked them to do. Now we're responding to violence, and so it was foreseeable and we had talked about it, and I gave them some people to work with them and we're going to get this stuff done right,” he said.
Detectives said they used social media and surveillance video to aid in their arrest. A photo posted on Instagram by Thornhill four hours before the shooting showed him in the same clothing he was seen wearing in mall surveillance video.
The shooting happened inside Macy's around 7:30 p.m. Authorities said three people were shot, including a husband and wife.
Davon Jones, 20, and Thomas Singleton, 48, were critically hurt and remain at Forbes Regional Hospital, where they underwent surgery, according to police. Mary Singleton, 47, was taken to the hospital in serious condition.
“Upon arrival, the two male gunshot wound victims immediately went to the OR and were managed by two surgical teams, led by two trauma surgeons,” said Forbes Regional Hospital Dr. Mark Rubio.
Police said one of the three victims was aided by an officer through the use of a tourniquet.
“I think that saved the life of one of these three victims with the ability of the first responder to slow down their bleeding,” said Forbes Regional Hospital Dr. Chris Kaufman.
Monroeville Police Chief Doug Coles said, “The response that I saw here, specifically the mutual aid response that we received here, was second to none. We had people critically injured here that were transported, and treated appropriately by both the Monroeville Fire Department and EMS, as well as the police officers initially on the scene.”
https://twitter.com/WPXI_Courtney/status/564229483516141568
Coles said one of the victims was targeted. The other two victims were innocent bystanders.
According to a criminal complaint, Thornhill was seen on surveillance video approaching Jones “with a gun to his side and exchange words with him.” Thornhill then pointed his gun at Jones -- as Thomas Singleton and Mary Singleton walked in between them with their son -- and began firing shots “indiscriminately.”
Jones suffered gunshot wounds to his left flank, pubic region and left buttock, police said. Thomas Singleton was shot in the back of his left leg, severing his femoral artery. Mary Singleton was shot in her left shoulder.
Witnesses told Channel 11 News that chaos broke out inside the mall when the gunfire erupted.
Mitchell Swann was at the mall at the time of the shooting.
“I was downstairs in Macy's. I heard the shots and everybody started running. Then I saw the kids running and I saw parents picking up their kids. And that's when we all knew what happened,” he said.
Pittsburgh-area native and former NFL quarterback Terrelle Pryor said he was also at the mall when the shooting happened. In a post on Twitter, Pryor said, “Didn't see who was shooting, saw two people drop though! I was looking but 10 more shots went off and was getting closer to me. Then I ran.”
Monroeville Mall was evacuated and locked down following the shooting.
“I have seen a lot of people running and just a lot of chaos going on. Police, they actually locked us down until they felt like it was safe enough for us to leave and come out,” said Yvette Jackson.
The Monroeville Mall was also where a massive brawl broke out last December with about 1,000 children and teens inside.
RELATED STORIES:
Introduction
In this blog post we will look at how to use the CAGradientLayer API and create some cool animated gradient effects like the ones seen in apps like instagram.
CAGradientLayer
The CAGradientLayer is a CALayer that allows us to draw gradients. It can accept any number of colors as input and blend those colors together to render a continuous gradient of colors.
// A Basic Implementation let gradient = CAGradientLayer () gradient . frame = self . view . bounds gradient . colors = [ UIColor ( red : 48 / 255 , green : 62 / 255 , blue : 103 / 255 , alpha : 1 ) . cgColor , UIColor ( red : 244 / 255 , green : 88 / 255 , blue : 53 / 255 , alpha : 1 ) . cgColor ] gradient . startPoint = CGPoint ( x : 0 , y : 0 ) gradient . endPoint = CGPoint ( x : 1 , y : 1 ) self . view . layer . addSublayer ( gradient )
The code above creates a diagonal gradient between two colors. The direction of the gradient can be controlled by the adjusting the start and end points of the gradient.
Animating Gradients
Since all CALayer proporties are animatable we can create a CABasicAnimation on the colors property of the CAGradientLayer to show a smooth transition from one gradient to another.
let gradientChangeAnimation = CABasicAnimation ( keyPath : "colors" ) gradientChangeAnimation . duration = 5.0 gradientChangeAnimation . toValue = [ UIColor ( red : 244 / 255 , green : 88 / 255 , blue : 53 / 255 , alpha : 1 ) . cgColor , UIColor ( red : 196 / 255 , green : 70 / 255 , blue : 107 / 255 , alpha : 1 ) . cgColor ] gradientChangeAnimation . fillMode = kCAFillModeForwards gradientChangeAnimation . isRemovedOnCompletion = false gradient . add ( gradientChangeAnimation , forKey : "colorChange" )
The code above changes the animates the gradient over a duration of 5 seconds.
Continuous Animations
We can expand on this approach and create a continuous looping animation where one gradient seamlessly blends into another over time. To implment a continuous gradient we must extend our view controller to conform to the CAAnimationDelegate protocol. An example of such an implementation is shown here.
class ViewController : UIViewController { let gradient = CAGradientLayer () var gradientSet = [[ CGColor ]]() var currentGradient : Int = 0 let gradientOne = UIColor ( red : 48 / 255 , green : 62 / 255 , blue : 103 / 255 , alpha : 1 ) . cgColor let gradientTwo = UIColor ( red : 244 / 255 , green : 88 / 255 , blue : 53 / 255 , alpha : 1 ) . cgColor let gradientThree = UIColor ( red : 196 / 255 , green : 70 / 255 , blue : 107 / 255 , alpha : 1 ) . cgColor override func viewDidLoad () { super . viewDidLoad () // Do any additional setup after loading the view, typically from a nib. } override func viewDidAppear ( _ animated : Bool ) { super . viewDidAppear ( animated ) gradientSet . append ([ gradientOne , gradientTwo ]) gradientSet . append ([ gradientTwo , gradientThree ]) gradientSet . append ([ gradientThree , gradientOne ]) gradient . frame = self . view . bounds gradient . colors = gradientSet [ currentGradient ] gradient . startPoint = CGPoint ( x : 0 , y : 0 ) gradient . endPoint = CGPoint ( x : 1 , y : 1 ) gradient . drawsAsynchronously = true self . view . layer . addSublayer ( gradient ) animateGradient () } func animateGradient () { if currentGradient < gradientSet . count - 1 { currentGradient += 1 } else { currentGradient = 0 } let gradientChangeAnimation = CABasicAnimation ( keyPath : "colors" ) gradientChangeAnimation . duration = 5.0 gradientChangeAnimation . toValue = gradientSet [ currentGradient ] gradientChangeAnimation . fillMode = kCAFillModeForwards gradientChangeAnimation . isRemovedOnCompletion = false gradient . add ( gradientChangeAnimation , forKey : "colorChange" ) } } extension ViewController : CAAnimationDelegate { func animationDidStop ( _ anim : CAAnimation , finished flag : Bool ) { if flag { gradient . colors = gradientSet [ currentGradient ] animateGradient () } } }
In the code above we start off by creating 3 different gradients. We to append them in an array called gradientSet, out animation will loop through the array and blend one gradient into another. We keep a simple index currentGradient to keep track of which gradient is to be displayed and change the toValue of our gradientAnimation to that particular gradient. Since we're going to be rerendering our gradientlayer we set the drawAsynchronously flag to true.
Conclusion
CAGradientLayer is a powerful API and can be used in conjuntion with other CALayer APIs provided by iOS to create some really cool effects in a very simple concise manner.
The EBU is working on a new Eurovision format the “Eurovision Super Games” to build upon the existing success of the Eurovision Song Contest.
The EBU is working on a new Eurovision format moving away from the success of the Song Contest to the first major sport entertainment show since Jeux Sans Frontières in 1999. “Eurovision Super Games” would bring together eight countries to represented by four athletes each in a challenging game of physical and mental challenges.
The format would see the public at home in each country select two of their four participating athletes to compete in the next set of challenges, details of whether this would be via app voting or public televote has not been revealed. The contest was first presented to the member broadcasters of the EBU in July. Furthermore according to the EBU's Vision2020 document the format will be launched in 2017 if everything goes to plan.
If “Eurovision Super Games” does go ahead in 2017 it would be the second new Eurovision format to launch next year. Choir of The Year 2017 was announced in August and is planned to be hosted by the Latvian national broadcaster LTV on July 22, 2017. The event will bring together between eight and twelve countries, each represented by one non-professional choir of any genre. The contest will be integrated into the European Choir Games 2017 with the contest taking place just before the closing ceremony for the Games.
Source: Der Standard, EBU, EBU
[tw-accordion class=””]
[tw-accordion-section title=”What was Jeux Sans Frontières?”]
Jeux Sans Frontières was held between 1965 and 1999 and featured teams from EBU member countries competing in odd tasks during a series of games. The contest was also spun off into domestic formats in a number of countries including Australia and the United Kingdom. The contest was planned to be held again in 2007 however the cost of the contest saw planned countries withdrawing. Overall 20 countries competed in the contest at least once including Tunisia, France, San Marino, Italy and the United Kingdom.
[/tw-accordion-section]
[/tw-accordion]
Internet outages and slowdowns spiked earlier this week, and more are likely on the way in coming weeks, as the internet grows too big for some network hardware to handle.
According to Vancouver-based internet monitoring firm BGPMon, this past Tuesday, outages were "well above the daily average" and the number of affected systems and addresses was "the highest we've seen in the last 12 months."
The issue arose when the number of routes on the internet temporarily jumped beyond 512K (512 kilobytes or 524,288, since a kilobyte is 1024 bytes) — the maximum that some older networking gear can handle by default.
The cause was a bug at U.S. internet service provider Verizon that dumped 15,000 new internet destinations onto the network for about 10 minutes, said Andree Toonk, founder and lead developer for BGPMon.
"We basically got a small taste of what is possibly about to happen," added Toonk, whose company monitors internet routing for outages and security incidents. "Hopefully this is a wakeup call."
Network analysts such as Toonk estimate the number of routes in the internet — currently hovering around 500,000 — will permanently surpass 512,000 within a month.
"The real test… will start later this week, and will be felt nearly everywhere by the end of next week," estimated Jim Cowie, chief technology officer and co-founder of network performance management firm Renesys, in a blog post Tuesday.
The hardware causing the problem is older routers made by San Jose, Calif.-based Cisco and still used by many smaller networks and regional internet providers, Toonk said.
Nuisance, not threat
According to Cowie, larger internet service providers "and certainly all of the routers that operate the core infrastructure of the internet" use newer hardware that is unaffected.
That means the issue is more of a nuisance than a threat to the internet.
The problem arises because routers direct internet traffic to the correct destination, and rely on summaries of the routes and destinations that are kept in tables in their memory. The default maximum size of that memory is 512K for older routers. Once that maximum is reached, three possible things can happen, Toonk said:
The router can switch to a slower mode, resulting in sluggish performance.
Some destinations may not end up in the table at all, making them unreachable.
The network operator may have to reboot the router, resulting in a few minutes of instability.
Internet users will experience:
Overall internet slowness if they rely on an internet service provider that's affected.
Slowness for certain websites or services that rely on affected internet service providers, even if their own ISP is not affected.
Cisco had warned users of the impending problem back in May.
"It's time to start preparing," wrote Omar Santos, senior incident manager of Cisco's Product Security Incident Response Team, in a post on the Cisco Support Community website.
He suggested some fixes, such as changing the default configuration for affected devices, but noted that might require users to reset the device.
Toonk said that likely would only take five minutes, but isn't always easy to schedule on networks that serve hundreds or thousands of people. He hopes that after this week's warning, affected internet service providers will make a special effort to proactively rejig their routers.
"But it's not unlikely we will see some slowness or instability over the next few weeks," he added. "If people don't fix it, it will happen again, and there will always be people who won't fix it."
Well done, 2013.
It's been a truly solid year, one where we don't just have ten movies worth applauding — compared to most years where I have to cobble together lists full of caveats — but, incredibly enough, we now have more films that deserve a special mention.
For me, the films that almost made it to the list were Bombay Talkies, D Day, Kai Po Che and Special 26. They each tick intriguing boxes with novelty and vigour, and would certainly have made the cut in a lesser year. But 2013's been gracious to the moviegoer.
This has been a tough list to rank, and what stands out for me is the fact that it is studded with genuinely extraordinary directorial debuts, with almost half the films on this list made by first-timers. Our filmi future seems, then, to be in safe hands.
Here, in ascending order, are 2013's cinematic champions:
10. Fukrey
The best thing in Mrighdeep Singh Lamba's uproarious comedy is a stray, unnamed character. Encountered outside a gurudwara, this gentleman speaks exclusively in non-sequiturs, resulting in much befuddlement for eternally hapless Lalli, played by Manjot Singh. It is a deceptively simple gag which provides the greatest laugh out loud moment in our movies this year. The film brings us a bunch of spot-on Delhi deadbeats — with names like Hunny and Choocha — and while it eventually turns into a bit of a muddle and criminally ignores the womenfolk, there is much to yuk at in this very spirited production.
9. Mere Dad Ki Maruti
Aashima Chhiber's directorial debut lampoons Chandigarh and exploits the stereotypical accents, but does so with genuinely witty dialogue and fine actors who keep it from being just another farce. Ram Kapoor is excellent as the titular dad, bombastic and easily angered, and talented youngsters Saqib Saleem and Prabal Panjabi have a rollicking time hitting each other with rat-a-tat dialogue. It's a goofy film, sure, but has heart: in one outstanding scene, a bride-to-be dances to an incredibly lewd song at her own sangeet, and while the assembled gathering is suitably shocked, her own mother nods along, mouthing dirty lyrics and counting the much-rehearsed steps, utterly and merrily blinded to all scandalousness.
8. Sahib Biwi Aur Gangster Returns
Few can write as flavourfully as Tigmanshu Dhulia, and the director allows his imagination full rein in this fantastically loopy B-movie. The first Saheb Biwi Aur Gangster, in trying to pay tribute to an iconic masterpiece, was weighed down by comparisons and tenuous in-jokes; the new film is magnificently unhinged and contains merits all its own. One of which, notably, is a politician who, in his urge to find just the right simile to explain his persona to a journalist, calls himself a “sensitive tomato.” It's mad awesome stuff, bolstered by a wonderfully fine and nuanced performance from Jimmy Shergill.
7. Ship Of Theseus
Rarely has an Indian independent film shown such scope and ambition, and Anand Gandhi's directorial debut must be hailed for those very qualities. A visually striking film that perhaps bites off more than it tries to chew — choosing, instead, to spend a great deal of time talking about chewing — Ship Of Theseus is uneven but thought-provoking, a flawed yet, on occasion, genuinely beautiful motion picture. Quite a feat for a first-time director. Singular applause must also be saved for Neeraj Kabi, who, as an ailing monk, presents us with a truly special performance, one that is being lauded for literal starvation but should be equally hailed for its remarkable consistency.
6. Shahid
The story of slain human rights activist Shahid Azmi, Hansal Mehta's film eschewed the spectacular for the straightforward and punched audiences in the gut the way only realism can. The screenplay asks tough questions, questions we keep out of polite conversation, and delivers a searing verdict with a flourish. Raj Kumar Yadav, in the title role, is superlative in the way he fleshes out the character, in how he makes Shahid a real person and not, as is commonly seen in the Indian biopic, an act of mimicry. Yadav is so subtle, and so self-aware, that there are long stretches in the film — in this snappy, crisply assembled film — where you have trouble believing it is a performance at all. Masterful.
5. Shuddh Desi Romance
The girls wore the pants in Maneesh Sharma's Shuddh Desi Romance. This, despite a leading man who lies for a living, a creature sharp of tongue and possessing significant charm, and yet a character more than glad to fork his neck over to women who look better with reins in hand. Writer Jaideep Sahni, focussing on wedding parties for hire in Western India, introduces us to a quirky world while questioning the very need for marriage as a modern-day institution. It's a clever film with smashing female characters — one of whom asks for a cold cola instead of bursting into woebegone tears — and all three actors Parineeti Chopra, newcomer Vaani Kapoor (holder of an inscrutably great smile) and Sushant Singh Rajput do Shuddh Desi Romance justice.
4. BA Pass
Hindi cinema is so used to making excuses for female amorality that BA Pass, a genre-faithful noir film with a bonafide femme fatale, comes across as rather revolutionary. A freshly orphaned youngster faces a life of nondescript bleakness, of jeering guardians and a college degree that smacks of non-committal desperation, but finds his world turned on its head by a cougar who doesn't hide her hunger. Shilpa Shukla's Sarika is a character unique to our cinema, a ravenous housewife who unapologetically seduces and corrupts and haunts. Based on Mohan Sikka's Railway Aunty, Ajay Bahl's directorial debut draws us in from the start with a fine attention to detail — the sort of details usually lost because they're doodled along the margins — and, because it keeps the noose ruthlessly taut, strangles our preconceived notions quite effectively indeed.
3. Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola
Lunacy rules the roost in Vishal Bhardwaj's sociopolitical satire, a work of delicious absurdity anchored into greatness by one immaculate performance from our best-ever actor. There lies many a nugget of joy in Bhardwaj's latest — from the sharply, cannily chosen words to the characters to the sheer whimsy on display across every frame — but much of it is overtaken by Pankaj Kapoor's Mandola, a fascist who finds Socialism at the bottom of a bottle. This Dr Jekyll and Comrade Hyde routine requires tremendous balance, and Kapoor delivers breathtakingly well. And this while Bhardwaj, paying tribute to Emir Kusturica, goes bonkers in almost Wodehousian vein.
2. Lootera
Vikramaditya Motwane takes O Henry's most famous short story, The Last Leaf, and treats it fondly, like a fable. The result is an artfully made and immensely lyrical film that comes together with much sophistry. Lootera begins with a father telling his daughter a fairytale, and continues in similar vein, with poetic license tying loose ends with style. The two leads are in sensational form, with Ranveer Singh conjuring up Heathcliff snarls and Sonakshi Sinha essaying her part with grand dignity as well as a sad fragility. It is a film, as I mentioned in my review, that has more than a bit of a nose fetish, and also an adaptation that understands the subject matter and expresses it as dreamily as possible.
1. The Lunchbox
I began my review of Ritesh Batra's directorial debut by singling out my single favourite moment from the film, and yet — while that sequence is gorgeously sublime — ruminating on The Lunchbox throws up more and more magic, every bit as special as the others. What is most impressive about this masterpiece is the restraint constantly shown by Batra and his terrific cast. Here is a grounded, realistic film that unfolds with graceful happenstance, a film that is never showy, yet always sensational. Nimrat Kaur is an actress to marvel at, Nawazuddin Siddiqui endows the narrative with unpredictable energy, Bharati Achrekar isn't seen but invariably felt, and the one and only Irrfan Khan is frighteningly good. And Bombay — bewildering, beautiful, broken, belief-stretching Bombay — makes all of its romance real.
~
First published Rediff, January 2, 2014
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nottingham Forest's next owner is tipped to be a man currently on police bail over allegations of systemic match-fixing – and there is nothing fans or even the Football League can do about it.
The Daily Mirror revealed in May that Forest's owner Fawaz Al-Hasawi is in talks over the sale of the two-times former European champions to Evangelos Marinakis, a Greek shipping magnate.
Marinakis is also the owner of perennial Greek champions Olympiacos, who won their 18th domestic title in 20 years this season with six games to spare.
But that success has been soured by a criminal investigation in Greece that has named Marinakis as a ringleader of a match-fixing conspiracy known as The System, which has allegedly destroyed the Greek football landscape.
He denies wrongdoing.
(Image: Getty)
In June 2015, Marinakis was banned from all football activity after being bailed for €200,000 over five charges.
They were:
· Establishing and directing a criminal organisation
· Fraud
· Attempted extortion
· Bribery with the aim of fixing matches and
· Instigating an explosion endangering human life
Marinakis has been among dozens of football officials under investigation, including a former president and legal adviser of the Greek FA, referees and club owners.
He is contesting the charges and is appealing the right of the prosecutor to sit in judgement of him because he is “a well-known Panathinaikos fan”.
It's the 11th petition against this prosecution by defendants in the case - the previous ten all failed.
However, whatever the courts' final decision, there might be nothing the Football League can do to prevent his takeover.
The Football League Owners and Directors' Test disqualifies those with an “unspent conviction” for corruption, fraud or perverting the course of justice in a court in England & Wales.
This is extended worldwide for those who receive custodial sentences of 12 months or more.
(Image: Getty)
But there is no bar to those on police bail accused of such offences taking over Football League clubs since they have not yet been convicted.
That is a major concern for English football, because even though there is no final judgement in the case against Marinakis, chaos has reigned in Greek football in recent years.
Fans of rival clubs frequently riot over the suspicion of dodgy decisions involving Olympiacos, causing gates to plummet in the Greek Super League.
At the same time as the allegations of criminally controlling affairs in Greek football are levelled against Marinakis and his fellow suspects, UEFA have sent details of 30-plus suspicious Greek Super League matches to the Hellenic Football Federation.
However, the HFF's ethics committee has declined to investigate it any further.
While Marinakis denies the charges against him, one man's ­livelihood has certainly been destroyed.
Former referee Petros Konstantineas weeps when he tells of how he was driven out of the game.
Known as Crazy Wolf when he officiated in the Greek Super League, he was highly rated and made the FIFA list of international referees when in his early 30s.
Then it all went wrong.
(Image: Action Images / Matthew Childs)
Given responsibility for a vital fixture in 2012, he says he was also told what the result was to be.
“I said, ‘I'm the wrong man for the job',” said Konstantineas. “I told them the best and the luckiest team would win. I understood then something really wrong was happening at the Greek Football Federation. But I also knew I was trapped. I had to... or my career was finished.”
But Konstantineas – who also worked as a baker – refused to follow the match-fixers' orders.
He said: “After the game when I went to the hotel I was threatened, ‘You're finished, you're this, you're that, that's the end of you'.
“A bomb was placed in my bakery and it exploded in the middle of the night. My business was destroyed instantly – 10 cars were damaged outside. It was nightmarish.
“This had never happened in my town before. Even the police inspector was shocked. The bomb exploded at 1.20am, and I had planned to go to work at 3am, which is typical for a baker. It was only sheer luck that no one was injured.”
Marinakis is on police bail, accused of having ordered that bombing as a ringleader of The System. He rejects the ­allegations.
Konstantineas got out of football and became an MP for Syriza, the ruling party in Greece.
(Image: Getty)
But many others who remain involved in the game feel crushed by the weight of the alleged corruption.
Yiannis Alafouzos is the owner of Greece's second-biggest club, Panathinaikos.
He said: “The System are controlling and conducting which teams go up or go down, disciplinary decisions, who will be punished, who will be prosecuted by the football authorities, which referee will be appointed to a game. All this is done for profit financially and ­football success or getting a team relegated so a friendly team can come up.
“They fix games to ­relegate certain clubs and save others, and for betting purposes.
“In addition to that is the money given through Super League TV rights, which is the carrot to make smaller teams participate in the cartel. Then they exchange players between themselves on loan.”
Evangelos Aslanidis, chief executive of the 2016 Greek Cup winners AEK Athens, agrees.
He said: “This System means even before the play has started you know what will happen at the end of the final act – shamelessly and without any caution.”
Lawrie Sanchez told the BBC about his time as manager of Apollon Smyrni in the 2013-14 season.
(Image: Getty)
The Wimbledon FA Cup final hero said: “Every ­conversation around the dinner table about football ultimately ended up with, ‘That player fixed that game or this player fixed this game'. Teams would have ­unbelievable runs far in excess of their ability and far in excess of what any manager could do.”
Two criminal inquiries saw more than 100 people – referees, ­disciplinary officials, the Greek FA, club owners and executives – charged. One of the most prominent of them is Marinakis.
He denies the charges.
The Football League and Forest declined to comment.
* EVANGELOS MARINAKIS has friends in high places.
Savvas Theodoridis, vice-president of Champions League-qualified Olympiacos – which Marinakis owns – is the father of UEFA's acting general secretary, Theodore Theodoridis.
As a former director of international relations at UEFA, Theodoridis is known in football's corridors of power as a kingmaker.
He was instrumental in getting Michel Platini elected as president of UEFA and his old boss Gianni Infantino as FIFA's president in February.
(Image: Getty)
Panathinaikos and PAOK Salonika challenged Olympiacos being allowed to play in to the Champions League last June.
Infantino said: “When I – as general secretary of UEFA – received the Olympiacos case, I gave it to the ethics disciplinary body. They looked into the matter and decided there's not enough evidence and have provisionally accepted Olympiacos.
“In Greece there is an investigation into the president of the club. That's all. There is no conviction, no decision, not enough.”
Unlike with the Football League's owners and directors' test, a conviction is not necessary for UEFA to ban clubs from the Champions League under its rules.
Regulations state that if European football's governing body concludes to its “comfortable satisfaction that a club has been involved in any activity aimed at arranging or influencing the outcome of a match, UEFA will declare such club ineligible to participate”.
50 Photos Of Rally Beasts Conquering The Italian Coast
Photography by Luca Garau & Mauro Prevete
Photographer Luca Garau was recently on hand to experience the reborn Costa Smeralda Rally, an event for historic machines held near the coast in northern Sardinia, Italy. On nearly every other day of the year, it's a beachside tourist destination for the world's elite—house prices can reach about $3,150 per sq. ft., making it one of the more expensive locations in Europe.
Sailing regattas and polo matches are a common sight nearby, but the rally has some history here, too. It was first held as part of the European Rally Championship in 1976, running until 1994. In the interests of sharing a great video, this is what the event looked like in 1985. Last year, it was resurrected by local Italian clubs and driving associations as a historic rally.
Now, with a laid-back atmosphere and vistas only seen on the island of Sardinia, the Costa Smeralda Rally looks like an absolute blast.
If you'd like to see more photography from Luca, check out the Italian site 2Cromia.com, which is a project Luca co-created with his best pal Mauro Prevete. We're republishing Luca's photos of the Costa Smeralda Rally with permission.
Join the Conversation
Rockies infielder Daniel Descalso has a “very small” fracture to his left hand, manager Walt Weiss told reporters, including Patrick Saunders of the Denver Post (Twitter links). He is expected to miss “several weeks” with the injury, Weiss added, as will southpaw Tyler Anderson, who is dealing with an oblique issue but wasn't expected to challenge for a roster spot.
Descalso was penciled in as the club's utility infielder, but he'll now certainly be on the shelf for Opening Day and some stretch beyond. That may help open things up for some younger options. Colorado was already deciding between Christhian Adames and Trevor Story to fill in for Jose Reyes at shortstop, and both now look like good bets to crack the majors (so long as Colorado is willing to put Story on track for Super Two status).
The Rockies will be hopeful of a bounceback from Descalso when he returns. Never much of a threat at the plate, he fell to a paltry .205/.283/.324 batting line in 209 plate appearances last year despite the benefits of hitting at Coors Field. That line was good only for a 43 wRC+. Descalso is most valued for his defensive versatility, of course, and continued to show a playable glove at both middle infield positions last season.
MIT researchers may have discovered a fountain of youth for skin -- at least a very temporary one.
The researchers have developed a "second skin" that could be used to smooth wrinkles, protect skin from damage, or administer medications to treat skin conditions, such as eczema. But, right now, the product only does its job for about a day.
"It's an invisible layer that can provide a barrier, provide cosmetic improvement, and potentially deliver a drug locally to the area that's being treated," Daniel Anderson said in a university news release. He is an associate professor in MIT's department of chemical engineering.
"Those three things together could really make it ideal for use in humans," Anderson added.
As people age, their skin becomes less elastic and firm, the study authors noted. These signs of aging may be worsened by sun damage. For the past decade, the research team worked on developing a protective coating for the skin that could restore a youthful appearance and protect the skin from further damage.
"We started thinking about how we might be able to control the properties of skin by coating it with polymers that would impart beneficial effects," said Anderson. "We also wanted it to be invisible and comfortable."
For their research, the scientists created a library of more than 100 potential polymers. The researchers explained that they tested each material in order to determine which one would most closely match the appearance and characteristics of healthy skin.
The product used in this study included silicone-based polymers that can be manipulated into an arrangement known as a cross-linked polymer layer (XPL).
The second skin is applied in two steps. Both layers are applied as creams or ointments. Once on the skin, XPL is nearly invisible. It can remain on the skin for up to 24 hours, the study authors said.
"It has to have the right optical properties, otherwise it won't look good, and it has to have the right mechanical properties, otherwise it won't have the right strength and it won't perform correctly," said the study's senior author, Robert Langer, a professor at MIT.
The polymer may be applied directly to the skin as an undetectable thin coating, which mimics the properties of healthy, young skin, the researchers explained.
Laboratory tests showed the polymer was able to return to its original state after being stretched more than 250 percent. In contrast, real skin may be stretched about 180 percent, the authors said.
"Creating a material that behaves like skin is very difficult," said one of the study's authors, Barbara Gilchrest, a dermatologist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. "Many people have tried to do this, and the materials that have been available up until this have not had the properties of being flexible, comfortable, nonirritating, and able to conform to the movement of the skin and return to its original shape."
When tested on people, researchers found the polymer was able to reshape "eye bags" beneath the lower eyelids, and the effect lasted about 24 hours. It also treated dry skin and improved hydration, the study found.
Olivo Labs
In another trial, XPL was applied to the skin of the forearm to test its elasticity. When tested with a suction cup, the XPL-treated skin bounced back to its original position more quickly than natural skin, the findings showed.
The researchers also looked at XPL's ability to protect against dry skin. Two hours after it was applied, the polymer outperformed a high-end commercial moisturizer in helping the skin stay hydrated, according to the report.
XPL even performed better than petroleum jelly after 24 hours. Meanwhile, none of the participants involved in the XPL trials reported experiencing any irritation from the polymer.
The researchers noted that this "skin" could be modified to provide long-lasting protection against the sun's harmful UV rays.
A new company -- Olivo Laboratories -- was formed by Langer and Anderson to focus on developing the new technology. The company will first try to develop XPL for delivering medications for skin conditions.
The new research was published online May 9 in Nature Materials.
You know what sucks? That girls can't grow up to be wives, mothers, AND college graduates. It's just not possible! I don't know why the Bible says it should be that way, but alas, that's life!
Take Carrie's kids, for instance. Even at the tender age of five, H. knows that she belongs at home with her children in the projected future. Or, more specifically, she knows she doesn't want to attend college, which leads to things like jobs, careers, management roles that take women out of the home, travel…you know what I'm saying. College is a dead-end track. It only leads women to, well, working outside the home. And you can't be the best wife and mother to your husband and children if you have any of that crap. Thankfully, H. knows that it's best to make that choice well before she gets caught up in academia. Plus, college is BORING. Why bother getting your M.R.S. when you already know school isn't for you? It's expensive and pretty much useless. Just skip the higher education altogether and head straight for the wife and mother roles, I say! LOL :) Carrie must be one proud mama!
Related: Girls Who Want To Be Married, Barefoot, Pregnant and In The Kitchen and Litterally Called an Allowance
Also related: A Sheryl Sandberg talk that I link to all the time…spread the word! Ladies, don't leave before you leave.
(submitted by Anonymous)
Information security isn't the only field dealing with safeguards and related compliance challenges. Restaurants are expected to implement measures for safely handling food. Yet, economic realities and other priorities may cause them to prioritize other aspects of the business over food safety. Since customers rarely have the visibility into food-handling practices, municipalities often take it upon themselves to enforce compliance with sanitation requirements.
Might the less mature InfoSec industry learn from the practices of overseeing compliance with food safety rules? There is lots to explore here, but I'll limit myself to the recent practice of the New York City Health Department to issue public letter grades to restaurants as part of its sanitation inspections.
Grading Restaurants' Food Safety
Starting July 2010, the New York City began requiring “restaurants to post letter grades that correspond to scores received from sanitary inspections.” In addition to seeing the grades when visiting the establishments, restaurant patrons can obtain inspection details on the department's website and mobile app.
When assessing compliance with NYC's food safety regulations, the inspectors assign points for the observed violations, as outlined in the scoring guide. The restaurant receives a letter grade based on the number of points. Passing the inspection requires grades A, B or C. Restaurants that earned a non-A grade can contest the sited violations; during this period, the restaurant can either post the initial grade or the “Grade Pending” sign.
According to the NYC Health Department, those who receive A will be inspected approximately once year, but those receiving lower marks will get more frequent visits. The resulting system pays the most attention to low-scoring businesses, which warrant the closest monitoring.
Food Safety Compliance Incentives for Restaurants
The public display of sanitation inspection grades is meant to provide the restaurants with the incentive to improve their food-handling practices. The assumption is that customers will prefer to eat in an “A” establishment, rather than the one that received the “C” grade.
To motivate restaurants to improve their sanitation posture, NYC only issues a non-A grade after a second inspection, which occurs announced about a month after the initial inspection. According to the initial data published by the NYC Health Department, the incentive to improve sanitation might actually work:
“Just 27% of restaurants received A grades (0 to 13 violation points) on initial inspection… But among those scoring in the B range (14 to 27 violation points) on initial inspection, nearly 44% improved to earn an A grade on second inspection. Of restaurants that scored in the C range (28 or more violation points) on their first inspection, 72% improved enough to earn an A or B on the second.”
Letter Grades for Information Security
Like restaurants, consumer-oriented services on the web have a customer base that lacks the the visibility and skills to assess the risks of patronizing the website. As the result, the users have to rely on some third-party signal that the desired service may be “secure.”
Presently, the security signals are weak and rarely adequate, as they merely include the presence of SSL/TLS or a security seal indicating that the site was scanned for vulnerabilities. PCI Data Security Standard (DSS) offers some help in this regard, yet it only applies to card payment-processing sites and lacks the awareness among non-technical consumers. Moreover, PCI DSS is binary—the site either passed or failed—which encourages some business to fudge facts to achieve compliance, diluting the value of the PCI DSS effort.
We would benefit from having a clear set of bare minimum security requirements that systems processing information need to abide by. In fact, the CIS Controls project comes pretty close to defining such measures. I'd love to see a program that assigns letter grades to consumer sites on the Internet based on the number of such controls that were lacking. Yet, who would assess and enforce compliance? And who would pay for the cost of such a program? It's not going to happen on the Internet any time soon.
For a tactical example of the use of the letter grade to assess specific security controls of system, take a look at the free Qualys SSL Labs tool, which examines SSL/TLS aspects of the server's configuration and assigns a letter grade accordingly. Another example of using letter grades to signal the company's security posture comes from companies such as BitSight and SecurityScorecard, who provide their customers with security ratings reports about companies; such reports are generally not suited for consumption by individual consumers.
I know I'm asking more questions than I'm answering, yet I think there is something to the approach of motivating businesses to improve safety through a public display of grades.
PHILADELPHIA, Pennsylvania – Violent scuffles broke out in the aftermath of competing protest marches Sunday in Philadelphia, leading to at least three arrests.
Shouting between a group of Trump supporters and alleged members of the violent left-wing “anti-fascist” movement Antifa accelerated into thrown punches on the sunny, 90-degree day. The fighting took place shortly after pro- and anti-Trump marches ended in the city Sunday afternoon.
One-hundred-fifty people attended the largest gathering earlier that day, a Trump impeachment march. Some of the march's participants were Antifa members. Sunday's attacks were the latest in a series of disruptions by that group including the Trump inauguration riots and the anti-free speech riot at Berkeley University in February.
Jeff Thomas, the leader of the Trump supporting group, had just finished leading a rally in Logan Square after a march from Philadelphia's Irish Famine Memorial. He and about 30 other Trump supporters then walked toward a bar on Arch Street, the Tir Na Nog, to celebrate. As they were walking toward the bar, they encountered around six purported Antifa members who shouted at the Trump supporters and purposefully bumped into individuals in the crowd.
https://twitter.com/AlexCla59967291/status/881577248008155136
This scuffle was minor relative to the ensuing chaos. Thomas, a self-styled “anarcho-capitalist libertarian,” described the fight as follows to Breitbart News:
At first, this chick who was the instigator of all this was standing near a guy on a bike with a man bun and a beard who runs over my feet with a bicycle that he put in front of us. He refused to let us pass on a public street. After that, the police told him to back off, which he didn't, although he stopped running over my feet. Then the first girl, the instigator, stood right in front of me as I was walking, she bumped me, saying, ‘you're hitting me.' That happened four or five times until the cops came in a little tighter on the street. The cops tried to break up our fight. Subsequently, we crossed the street to Tir Na Nog, our bar, and Antifa was in pursuit, mainly the guy on the bike and the chick. Then we were trying to enter the bar through the ally and then the chick proceeds to reach and grab my friend George's flag. The flag rips off the poll, then ten to 15 cops swarm out of nowhere. I see the flag on the ground, George gets sucker punched. Another guy in a salmon shirt got the flag and passed it to the guy on the bike with the beard. Then, the cops broke everything up and I took the flag back and I elbowed the guy in the black shirt with the man bun and beard to take back the flag. Then, it was all over and we got escorted into the bar by the cops while we were standing inside the bar to check on George. While we were standing there, a water bottle almost hit my friend in the face. An Antifa guy threw it inside the business.
https://twitter.com/AlexCla59967291/status/881881108400525312
https://twitter.com/AlexCla59967291/status/881576426801176579
Above: Videos of the confrontation and its aftermath
George Lewis, the local man who was punched by suspected Antifa foot soldiers, gave his side of the story to Breitbart News:
Basically it started as the Antifa protesters tried to block us from crossing market street. A girl was standing in front of Jeff; she didn't want him to cross the street. We just walked around. They weren't being forceful. They followed us, and they waited until we entered the bar. This girl in a salmon shirt, who instigated the whole thing, tried to pull my Kekistan flag off of my flag pole. As soon as I turned around to pull my flag back, I was sucker punched from the left and right. It was then just chaos.
According to the Trump supporters, this anti-Trump, alleged Antifa group was also willing to attack police. “One of the guys attacking us assaulted a cop,” Lewis described to Breitbart News, continuing:
As I was taken to the police precinct to get in my statement about the attack, I noticed that one of the officers had a confiscated flag from Antifa. I asked him if I could have it and he said yeah. He was sympathetic to us, and he agreed that Antifa were political terrorists and agitators.
Lewis then offered his take on the suspected Antifa members' motivation. “These people are ill informed and they have no arguments, so they just resort to violence as a result of the media pushing fake news narratives. I hope things don't get more violent, but there's a good possibility of that happening,” Lewis said.
Above: George Lewis with the Antifa flag a police officer gave him. (Alex Clark / Breitbart News)
https://twitter.com/AlexCla59967291/status/881583002849079296
Above: George Lewis shows his injury from being punched
Philly.com reports that two anti-Trump protestors were charged with assaulting the Trump supporter in the alleyway. A third was charged with assaulting a police officer during the fight. A fourth was issued a citation.
Other Trump supporters commented on the surreal nature of the whole confrontation.
“It's one thing to hear about these fights in the news. It's another when it goes from a peaceful congregation of people to others coming in and attacking our friends. These guys on bikes looked like normal people and we didn't realize who they were until the altercation started,” Frank, a pro-Trump demonstrator from Philadelphia, commented.
“These Antifa protesters have a goal of trying to steal our flags as trophies,” he continued.
While those in the suspected Antifa group failed to take any flags, they succeeded in taking one man's red “Make America Great Again” hat.
“This guy in black pants and a gray shirt was filming my friend and I [sic] from a car park on the alleyway across from the bar. He ran up, snuck up on me and snatched my Trump hat. The cops on bikes ran after him, but they failed to get him,” Phil, the Philadelphia man whose hat was stolen, told Breitbart News. Both Frank and Phil did not want to give their full names.
“I think that the public needs to be aware that there are people under attack for their beliefs. The media is not doing enough to report on this trend,” Phil claimed.
Jeff Thomas emphasized, “This is what we're trying to avoid. We don't want this, we didn't start this, but we will finish it. We're standing in the heart of liberty, the birthplace of America, and these so-called Antifa desecrate our founders' legacy.”
Top Image: Philadelphia Police respond to the Alleyway brawl between Trump supporters and Antifa
The FIA has confirmed a 12th F1 team will not be joining the grid next year after no new teams emerged as successful candidates from its tender process.
The new Haas F1 team is still set to bolster the grid to 11 teams next year, but the earliest another new team could join is now 2017. The FIA opened a tender process for new teams earlier this year in the interest of the sustainability and future success of the championship, but after vetting two potential candidates the governing body believed neither were suitable for a place on the 2016 grid.
"We can confirm that the FIA received two candidate Formula One team applications for vacant grid slots," an FIA spokesman said. "We subsequently put these through our comprehensive diligence processes.
"Unfortunately none of the applicants were able to meet the FIA's criteria for new teams despite being granted every opportunity of doing so, and we now consider this round of applications to be closed."
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A judge, who jailed a husband and wife accused of sexually assaulting a 13-month-old, has described the case as "the worse abuse of a baby I have ever seen".
Judge Sean Enright made the comment as he jailed Michael and Lara Chase to a total of 27 years at Peterborough Crown Court today.
Michael Chase was sentenced to 14 years in prison and Lara Chase was sentenced to 13 years in prison.
Passing the sentences, Judge Enright said: "This is the worst abuse of a baby I have seen and the pictures are quite appalling and horrific to look at.
(Image: SWNS)
"The feeling of revulsion returns every time those photographs are opened."
Read more:
The court heard that the couple photographed the baby being abused before distributing the vile images via the internet messaging service WhatsApp to other people.
The court heard that in one assault security guard Mr Chase masturbated over the child, while Pharmacy assistant Mrs Chase's hand can be seen in the photo.
(Image: SWNS)
In a second assault Mr Chase films himself sexually assaulting the baby in a hot tub in his garden, the court heard.
The couple's house was raided by police in December 19, 2014.
Various equipment was seized including computers and mobiles phones.
(Image: SWNS)
As well as thousands of indecent images which were found on computers and mobiles phones police discovered the terrible extent of abuse the couple had carried out.
They were both arrested on January 29 last year.
Mr Chase made admissions in interview and pleaded guilty to sexually assaulting the baby twice and making indecent images of the child on one occasion.
(Image: SWNS)
The court heard that officers from the police's hightech criminal force unit investigated and found thousands of indecent images of children.
These included 4,525 still and moving images that he made and 1,577 indecent images which he was in possession of.
Mr Chase pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault and 10 counts of possessing and making indecent images of children.
He was jailed for eight years for the first sexual assault and six years for the hot tub assault to run consecutively.
For the other counts of possession and making indecent images and films of children he was jailed 12 months for the other counts to run concurrently.
Mrs Chase denied all allegations but was found guilty by a jury on Monday.
(Image: PA)
She was jailed for nine years for two counts of sexual assault and three years for one count of distributing some of the images her husband took.
Mrs Chase had told the court she was unaware of the abuse but the jury dismissed her claims after it was found that her husband took the images in the same room using a flash.
Prosecuting for the CPS, Nicola Devas: "Both the defendants regularly looked after the child and indeed suggested to the parents that they could do that.
"They trusted the defendants with their child.
"They had no idea at all of the abuse (the child) was suffering."
In a victim impact statement read out to the court by Ms Devas said: "They are thankful that the child has not been affected although (the child) is now at an age where they pick up the sense of stress and bad atmosphere this has caused.
"The effect is a huge breach of trust and they carry the guilt of letting that child be looked after their abuser forever.
"The abuse has brought a huge strain on their marriage and they are trying to stay strong for the child.
"They are concerned when (the child) is old enough to want to have sleep overs with (the child's) friends how they are going to trust that to happen."
The court heard that Mr Chase explained that he was seriously abused sexually as a child which led him to search for indecent images of children.
In mitigation for Mr Chase, Roger Harrison said: "This defendant acknowledges entirely the gravity of his actions and he says he feels sick about what he has done. He wants to apologise for his actions."
In mitigation for Mrs Chase, Karen Robinson said: "Her life in reality has been destroyed by these proceedings.
"We would ask the court to impose as low a sentence as can be consistent with this court."
She added: "She poses a low risk of reoffending and would invite the court to consider as short a period as possible."
Mr Chase was charged for two sexual assaults, one count of making indecent images, four counts of taking indecent images, four counts of possession of indecent images and one count of possession of an extreme pornographic image.
Mrs Chase was convicted of two counts of sexual assault and one count of distributing.
Mr Chase will be subject to a sexual harm prevention order for 20 years and his wife will be subject to the same for 15 years.
15 Interesting Fitness Facts
1. It takes 70 muscles to speak a single word.
2. Your body has more than 650 muscles.
3. What is your body's strongest muscle? It's your heart – which beats approximately 100,000 times per day. That means that in just 10 days, your heart beats one million times. If you do sustain, intense exercise daily, you'll reach a million even more quickly.
4. People who cross-train with a variety of exercise are more fit and less injury-prone than those who exercise using only one or two exercise modalities.
5. Visualization can help to improve your workout. By visualizing yourself completing the exercise before you actually perform it, then you will be able to perform the exercise with more intensity and effectiveness.
6. If you had every single muscle in your body work together at the same time, you could lift about 50,000 pounds.
7. If you are not a regular exerciser, by the time you are 65 you may experience as much as an 80% decrease in your muscle strength.
8. By the time you have reached old age, you will have walked approximately 70,000 miles.
9. Walking either in water, against the wind, or wearing a backpack burns approximately 50 more calories an hour.
10. Watching yourself in a mirror while running on a treadmill, will make your workout go faster.
11. Only 13% of men are physically fit.
12. After the age of 30, women lose minimum 0.5% muscle mass every year.
13. Every time you go for a one hour walk your life expectancy increases by 2 hours.
14. Only about 22 percent of American adults engage in regular, sustained physical activity for at least 30 minutes five times a week, and only 15 percent exercise both regularly and vigorously.
15. Standing up straight burns more calories than slouching – just one more reason for good posture. Stand up straight. Good posture burns more calories than slouching
By utilizing these interesting fitness facts, you can pump up your workout, get to know your body and make your way to the best shape of your life.
What interesting fitness facts would you add to this list? Do you disagree with any? Did any make you think twice?
Sources: LoveToKnow, Fitness.com, FitnessTalk, InfiniteLifeFitness.
Director Hansal Mehta on January 30 alleged that the Censor Board was acting like a cultural police and thwarting promotion of his upcoming film “Aligarh”, which deals with the stigma surrounding homosexuality, by giving its trailer an ‘A' certificate.
Advertising
“This is an attempt to thwart my promotion. They cannot ban the film, because my film does not in any way go against the guidelines of the Cinematograph Act,” he told PTI on the sidelines of the maiden Difficult Dialogues conference in Goa.
“This is the cultural police deciding what we should see… I'm furious and very angry, because they've violated my expression,” he said.
Mehta, who has directed critically-acclaimed films like “Shahid” and “Citylights” in the past, said that there is nothing in the trailer which should attract the “A” rating and rued that because of the tag, he can only promote his film during screening of adult films and cannot push it during primetime television.
Advertising
He, however, said that the social media is the big hope, which will ensure attempts to suppress the film are not successful.
He said the film is yet to get a nod from the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) and the board has asked for some “ridiculous cuts”, which he is contesting.
Also read: Hansal Mehta angry after Censor Board gives Adult certificate to Aligarh's trailer
Sounding optimistic about a favourable ruling from the tribunals, Mehta said the film will not miss its February 26 release date.
Mehta said more people should watch a film like his in a society having shades of homophobia and exuded confidence that the apex court will rule in favour of the sexual minority when it hears the curative petition.
The censor board has been besieged with controversies since Pahlaj Nihalani took over as its head. The government has now formed a committee, headed by veteran filmmaker Shyam Benegal, to look into the functions of the board.
Also read: Anurag Kashyap condemns A certificate to ‘Aligarh' trailer
The film stars Bajpayee as professor Shrinivas Ramchandra Siras, who was fired from his job because of his alleged sexual orientation.
Advertising
On the suicide of Dalit scholar Rohith Vemula in Hyderabad, Mehta said he is pained by incidents like these.
More on Pope Francis:
Of the three Popes that I've lived through so far, Pope Francis is, I'd argue, by far the worst of the bunch (yes, I think that he's even worse than Benedict, and that's saying something).
Here's the thing: if someone is a malicious ideologue, I much prefer that they be open about their maliciousness and their unwavering commitment to a rigid and regressive ideology. Francis doesn't do that, though. He couches his callousness in pseudo-tolerant and pseudo-progressive rhetoric and hides his dangerous attitudes and beliefs behind a facade of avuncular populist everyman friendliness. And people (not just Catholics) are eating it up, buying into it, proclaiming that Francis is A Different Kind of Pope, one who will change the Church, modernize the Church, make the Church into a progressive entity (needless to say (I hope), none of these proclamations hold up under even the mildest of scrutiny).
If you buy into Pope Francis's pseudo-tolerant & pseudo-progressive rhetoric, you're gullible (it happens. It's a very human trait and a trap we all fall into from time to time, no matter how smart and/or skeptical we are), wilfully ignorant (a form of maliciousness that I have no sympathy for (see the ‘willful' part)), or committed to the same rigid and backwards ideology that Francis is.
Francis is manipulative. He's a skilled abuser of rhetoric who knows how to say the “right” things at the “right” time. He's good PR for the Church. Unlike his immediate predecessors, he's neither an intellectual nor extremely intelligent. But he's sly like a fox. He's a gift to the Church, a perfect Pope for the Catholic Church of 2013.
Two examples of what I'm talking about:
One:
The pseudo-progressive rhetoric: Francis claims to be a friend to the poor. People believe this (partly because much of the mainstream media disseminates this claim without question). They fawn over him, declare him to be A Different Kind of Pope who is ushering in A New Kind of Church.
The reality: Francis's previously-stated opinions on and actions taken against contraceptive use and access to abortion cancel out his proclaimed desire to remedy poverty and economic inequality (providing easy access to contraception is one of the easiest and most effective ways to reduce poverty). He has a history of actively opposing the free distribution of contraceptives and he opposes a woman's right to an abortion, even in cases of rape.
Two:
The pseudo-tolerant rhetoric: Francis claims that he doesn't judge gay individuals who “accept the Lord and have good will“. The news media is currently eating this up. People are swooning over it.
The reality: Francis's previously-stated opinions on, vehement opposition to, and actions taken against extending equal legal rights to gays and lesbians cancel out his newfound pseudo-tolerant rhetoric.
And, well, if I have to choose between two powerful individuals who hold the same dangerous opinions and adhere to the same rigid and bigoted ideology, I'll take an openly intolerant ideologue over a phony and manipulative abuser of rhetoric any day.
UPDATE:
Day 1: Watch full interviews with 2NE1 and Drunken Tiger now!
Day 2: Watch U-KISS' segment and go inside a K-pop headquarters with 2NE1, Taeyang and WINNER!
Day 3: Watch an interview with TOP and learn all the must-know facts about his boy band BIGBANG here.
Day 4: Taeyang reveals the music that inspires him here.
Fuse declared 2012 was the year K-pop crossed over and last year the scene proved it was getting even hotter. To kickstart the K-pop love in 2014, Fuse News is unrolling a whole week dedicated to Korean pop and hip-hop stars with the first-ever FUSE LOVES SEOUL: From K-Pop to Hip Hop.
This week, tune in to Fuse News every night at 7:30/6:30c to see exclusive interviews and reports with Korea's hottest artists, executives and personalities.
DON'T MISS OUT » Find out where Fuse airs in your area with our Channel Finder
When host Liz Walaszczyk visited Seoul, she didn't just interview...and take a breath, fans...2NE1, BIGBANG, Jay Park, Drunken Tiger, Lee Hi, Epik High, T-ara, U-KISS, WINNER and more. She dived deep into the K-pop world: She found out what Korean life is like with Canadian YouTube celebs Eat Your Kimchi; She explored the business side of K-pop talking with execs at a top agency; Liz even joined a girl group in the dance studio for a rehearsal. Learn about the scene if you're a newbie fan or see a side of the K-pop world you haven't seen on U.S. television yet.
After you tune in every night, head to FuseNews.com to find a load of web-only content. (And in the meantime, browse Fuse's K-pop archive with exclusive interviews with Infinite, B.A.P, PSY and more.)
Tune into FUSE LOVES SEOUL: From K-Pop to Hip Hop, starting Monday, January 13 at 7:30/6:30c.
Find out where Fuse News airs in your area with our easy-to-use Channel Finder.
Researchers have discovered a new type of brain activity that underlies the timing of voluntary actions, allowing them to forecast when a spontaneous decision will occur more than a second in advance. 'Experiments like this have been used to argue that free will is an illusion, but we think that this interpretation is mistaken,' says Zachary Mainen, a neuroscientist at the Champalimaud Centre for the Unknown, in Lisbon, Portugal, who led the research, published on Sept. 28, 2014, in the journal Nature Neuroscience.
The scientists used recordings of neurons in an area of the brain involved in planning movements to try to predict when a rat would give up waiting for a delayed tone. "We know they were not just responding to a stimulus, but spontaneously deciding when to give up, because the timing of their choice varied unpredictably from trial to trial", said Mainen. The researchers discovered that neurons in the premotor cortex could predict the animals' actions more than one second in advance. According to Mainen, "This is remarkable because in similar experiments, humans report deciding when to move only around two tenths of a second before the movement."
However, the scientists claim that this kind of predictive activity does not mean that the brain has decided. "Our data can be explained very well by a theory of decision-making known as a 'integration-to-bound' model," says Mainen. According to this theory, individual brain cells cast votes for or against a particular action, such as raising an arm. Circuits within the brain keep a tally of the votes in favor of each action and when a threshold is reached it is triggered. Critically, like individual voters in an election, individual neurons influence a decision but do not determine the outcome. Mainen explained: "Elections can be forecast by polling, and the more data available, the better the prediction, but these forecasts are never 100% accurate and being able to partly predict an election does not mean that its results are predetermined. In the same way, being able to use neural activity to predict a decision does not mean that a decision has already taken place."
The scientists also described a second population of neurons whose activity is theorized to reflect the running tally of votes for a particular action. This activity, described as "ramping", had previously been reported only in humans and other primates. According to Masayoshi Murakami, co-author of the paper, "we believe these data provide strong evidence that the brain is performing integration to a threshold, but there are still many unknowns." Said Mainen, "what is the origin of the variability is a huge question. Until we understand that, we cannot say we understand how a decision works".
###
Correction appended, December 18, 2015
Federal officials have asked the Supreme Court not to get involved in a lawsuit from Oklahoma and Nebraska over Colorado's marijuana policy.
The two states argue that marijuana legalization in Colorado has resulted in people from Oklahoma and Nebraska bringing marijuana over the border into their states. The two states sued Colorado and are requesting the Supreme Court to interfere and block Colorado's system. As USA Today reports, Colorado has asked for the case to be thrown out and the Supreme Court asked the federal government to offer its opinion on the matter.
The feds have responded arguing that the Supreme Court should stay out of it. “Entertaining the type of dispute at issue here — essentially that one state's laws make it more likely that third parties will violate federal and state law in another state — would represent a substantial and unwarranted expansion of this court's original jurisdiction,” Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. wrote in his response filed Wednesday, USA Today reports.
Since citizens are the ones breaking the laws in Nebraska and Oklahoma, and not Colorado as an entity, officials argue the Supreme Court shouldn't weigh in. Verrilli says that while Nebraska and Oklahoma argue Colorado's laws increase the likelihood that laws are broken, the two states have not made any indication that Colorado has directed citizens to bring marijuana over state lines.
USA Today reports that the lawsuit could still be filed in federal court.
[USA Today]
Correction: The original version of this story misstated one of the states involved in the lawsuit. They are Nebraska, Oklahoma, and Colorado.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
WASHINGTON, D.C. —To further support the construction of two advanced nuclear reactors at the Alvin W. Vogtle Electric Generating Plant, U.S. Secretary of Energy Rick Perry announced today conditional commitments for up to $3.7 billion in loan guarantees to Vogtle owners: $1.67 billion to Georgia Power Company (GPC), $1.6 billion to Oglethorpe Power Corporation (OPC), and $415 million to three subsidiaries of Municipal Electric Authority of Georgia (MEAG Power). The Department has already guaranteed $8.3 billion in loans to GPC, OPC, and MEAG Power subsidiaries to support construction of Vogtle Units 3 and 4.
“I believe the future of nuclear energy in the United States is bright and look forward to expanding American leadership in innovative nuclear technologies,” said Secretary Perry. “Advanced nuclear energy projects like Vogtle are the kind of important energy infrastructure projects that support a reliable and resilient grid, promote economic growth, and strengthen our energy and national security."
The Vogtle project is the first new nuclear power plant to be licensed and begin construction in the United States in more than three decades. The two new 1,100 megawatt Westinghouse AP1000® nuclear reactors at Vogtle represent the first U.S. deployment of this innovative technology. Once online, these new nuclear reactors are expected to provide more than 17 million megawatt-hours of clean electricity annually. This is enough reliable electricity to power more than 1.6 million American homes while avoiding nearly 10 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions annually.
The two new nuclear reactors at Vogtle will supplement the two existing reactor units at the facility. To date, the project has created approximately 6,000 onsite construction jobs and is expected to create approximately 800 permanent jobs once the units begin operation.
The Energy Policy Act of 2005 authorized the Department to issue loan guarantees for projects in the U.S. that employ new or significantly improved technologies and avoid, reduce, or sequester greenhouse gases. If the new Vogtle loan guarantees are approved, they would be the first issued under the $12.5 billion Advanced Nuclear Energy Projects Solicitation issued in December 2014.
To learn more about the Vogtle Advanced Nuclear Energy Project and other projects in the Department of Energy's Loan Programs Office visit their website HERE.
###
NEWS MEDIA CONTACT
(202) 586-4940
HOUSTON, TX - SEPTEMBER 27: Alfred Blue #28 of the Houston Texans runs past Sterling Moore #26 of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the second quarter at NRG Stadium on September 27, 2015 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Bob Levey/Getty Images)
HOUSTON (CBS HOUSTON) – The Houston Texans were able to overcome a slow start versus the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to get their first victory of the season 19-9 on Sunday. The Texans leaned heavily on Alfred Blue out of the backfield to the tune of 31 rushes for 139-yards and a touchdown that sealed the Texans victory in the fourth quarter.
Ryan Mallett threw the ball 39 times, completing 24 passes for 228 yards and a touchdown. He also was intercepted once on the day, but did enough handle the Texans offense at faster pace than in the team's first two games of the season.
While the Texans were able to hold off the Buccaneers, the special teams for both teams were sub-par all around, with three fumbled punts and four missed field goals between the two teams.
The Texans second drive of the game saw them move the ball with ease. Ryan Mallett got the drive started with completions to DeAndre Hopkins, Garrett Graham, and Cecil Shorts moving the Texans deep into Tampa territory. Alfred Blue would get the Texans closer with a few nice runs. Mallett would punch it in with a five-yard laser to Hopkins to make it 7-0 Texans.
The Texans would punt on their next drive allowing the Buccaneers to take over. They would move the ball through the air with Mike Evans before settling for a 58-yard field goal off the foot of Kyle Brindza to make it 7-3 Texans.
The teams would trade punts until the Texans had another turnover deep in their own territory occur. Mallett's pass would get deflected then intercepted allowing the Buccaneers to take over on the Texans 28-yard line. Tampa would score on a screen pass to make it 9-7 Buccaneers, after a missed extra point, with just under four minutes to play before halftime.
The ensuing Texans drive would move down the field before stalling out after back-to-back incompletions to Hopkins. Randy Bullock would miss a 43-yard field goal and the score remained 9-7. The Buccaneers would punt and the Texans would take the 9-7 deficit into halftime.
A promising Texans drive was set up by a Quintin Demps interception on the initial Tampa drive in the third quarter. The Texans would stall however settling for a 38-yard field goal making it 10-9.
The Texans would escape disaster after Chandler Worthy fumbled a punt and Whitney Mercilus recovered it. The Texans would punt deep in their own territory and a good return set the Buccaneers up near midfield. Jonathan Joseph would break up a Winston pass to Vincent Jackson forcing a Buccaneers field goal which Brindza missed from 41-yards out.
The teams would trade punts and early in the fourth the Buccaneers would get a drive deep into the Texans territory. It would again end with a missed field goal by Brindza keeping the score at 10-9.
DeAndre Hopkins and Ryan Mallett would strike right away with a big completion for 30 yards with 15 more tacked on thanks to a facemask penalty. Another chunk completion to Shorts set up a big Alfred Blue run. He would scamper 20 yards to the house. Randy Bullock would miss the extra point leaving the score 16-9 with over nine minutes left.
After a Tampa punt, the Texans would methodically drive down the field led by a few nice Alfred Blue carries. Jay Prosch would also have a nice carry to set the Texans up deep on the five-yard line. The drive finished with a 19-yard field goal by Randy Bullock to make the lead two scores at 19-9.
The Bucs tried a long field goal with time on the clock, needing two scores, but Brindza missed his third field goal of the day. That sealed the victory for the Texans.
Houston travels to Atlanta next week to face the Falcons while the Bucs will host division rival Carolina Panthers.
Plain packet laws to hit Parliament today
Posted
Federal Health Minister Nicola Roxon says the Government is determined to fight any legal challenge to its plain packaging laws for cigarettes.
Legislation for the policy will be introduced into Federal Parliament today.
The tobacco industry is warning of several legal challenges to the legislation in a move it says could cost the Government billions of dollars.
But Ms Roxon says the Government is prepared to fight the challenges because the long-term results will be worth it.
"We spend billions and billions of dollars in our health system and elsewhere picking up the pieces from the harm caused already today by tobacco smoking, and we want to make sure we can reduce that into the future," she said.
"If we have to spend some money fighting for that cause in the courts, we'll do so.
"We're determined to take legislation to protect peoples' lives, they're obviously determined to take action to protect their profits, and we're confident that that's a fight that we will win."
Tobacco giant Philip Morris is among the companies taking legal action over the laws.
It is accusing the Government of breaching a bilateral investment treaty with Hong Kong, where the company is based.
Late last month it served a notice of claim on the Government, triggering a three-month negotiating period, and says if there is no resolution the matter will go to international arbitration.
Ms Roxon says the Federal Government's lawyers are assessing the claim.
Topics: smoking, government-and-politics, federal-government, parliament, health, australia
Image copyright AFP Image caption Italians are known for their love of food - but like other Europeans, they waste an awful lot
Italy has passed into law a raft of new measures to try to reduce the mountain of food wasted in the country each year.
The bill - backed by 181 Senators, with two against and 16 abstaining - aims to cut waste one million tonnes from the estimated five million it wastes each year.
It has been heralded as "one of the most beautiful and practical legacies" of the Expo Milano 2015 international exhibition - which focused on tackling hunger and food waste worldwide - by Agriculture Minister Maurizio Martina.
What's the problem?
According to ministers, food waste costs Italy's business and households more than €12bn (£10bn; $13.4bn) per year. Studies suggest it could amount to more than 1% of GDP.
The problem is by no means confined to Italy.
The UN Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) estimates that some one third of food may be wasted worldwide - a figure which rises to some 40% in Europe. "The food currently wasted in Europe could feed 200 million people," the FAO says.
It's not the first time Italy has acted decisively over issues of hunger and food.
Three months ago, its highest court ruled that stealing small amounts of food to stave off hunger was not a crime.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Millions of Italians live in poverty, but the country wastes some five million tonnes of food each year
What approach is being taken?
Until now, businesses have faced risks and significant hurdles in trying to reduce waste.
For instance, many were concerned about violating health and safety laws by donating food marginally past its sell-by date. Complex procedures surrounded donating food, around maintaining sanitation and traceability standards.
The new laws seek to make donating food easier by removing these hurdles.
So tell me more about the specific measures?
Now businesses will be able to record donations in one simple form every month.
They won't face sanctions for giving away food past its sell-by date, and will pay less waste tax the more they give away.
Farmers will be able to give away unsold produce to charities without incurring costs.
The agricultural ministry will spend €1m researching innovative ways to package foods in transit to prevent spoilage and extend shelf life, and a public information campaign aiming to reduce food wastage will be rolled out.
But it is perhaps the drive to promote "family bags" which has attracted most interest from ordinary diners, and which will require the biggest cultural shift.
What's a family bag?
It's what the world has until now known as the "doggy bag" - the term repackaged to remove the whiff of food not fit for human consumption.
Doggy bags are fairly common in other parts of the world and allow diners to take home food they haven't eaten from the restaurant.
But so far it has been rarely sighted in Italy's eateries.
Now, after a successful regional pilot, the scheme will be rolled out nationwide, backed by a €1m campaign.
How does Italy's scheme compare to schemes elsewhere?
Earlier this year, France passed a comparable range of measures trying to stop good-quality food being thrown away.
But there were differences. Supermarket owners faced fines if they failed to sign contracts with food donation charities.
Commentators point out that Italy's approach seeks to incentivise good behaviour rather than punish bad.
They will be watching with interest to see if this achieves results.
Being sent to Saturday nights doesn't necessarily mean a death sentence. AMC drama Hell On Wheels proved it with its recent third season and is now being picked up for a fourth, which will consist of 13 episodes vs. 10 for the series' first three cycles. Hell On Wheels will return next summer with John Wirth, who took over the show after Season 2, back as executive producer/showrunner.
AMC opened a third night of original programming this past summer when it opted to move period Western Hell On Wheels from the network's signature original programming Sunday lineup to Saturdays. Airing with a 15-hour compatible lead-in, as AMC airs Western features and shows all day long on Saturday, Hell On Wheels delivered 3.3 million viewers in Live+3 for Season 3, slightly higher than its Season 2 average on Sunday and doubling AMC's Saturday night prime audience. “John Wirth and his team on both sides of the camera delivered a remarkable third season and Hell On Wheels fans responded,” said AMC president Charlie Collier. “AMC has served passionate Western fans for three decades, so it is particularly gratifying to see these viewers capping off their Saturdays with an original Western on what has historically been a tough night of the week for television.” HOW, from Entertainment One and Nomadic Pictures, is exec produced by Wirth, Mark Richard and Endemol Studios' Gold, with eOne's John Morayniss and Michael Rosenberg and Nomadic's Mike Frislev and Chad Oakes overseeing production. There is no decision yet on AMC's low rated freshman Low Winter Sun.
University academic persecuted for denouncing GMOs and agrochemicals
Dr Damián Verzeñassi spoke at the Monsanto Tribunal in The Hague about the health impacts of GMOs and associated pesticides in Argentina. For his pains, his office was chained shut and his fellow researchers were removed from their posts
In October, Dr Damián Verzeñassi, from the Faculty of Medical Sciences at the National University of Rosario (UNR) in Argentina, was among 30 experts who testified about the health impacts of GMOs and their associated pesticides at the Monsanto Tribunal in The Hague. During the Tribunal, a case was made against Monsanto for violations of human rights and “ecocide”, a term to denote crimes that irreparably damage the natural environment and human populations that depend on it.
On 8 November an Argentine newspaper reported that Verzeñassi had been locked out of his office at UNR. He had arrived to find the office had been chained shut.
NGOs and the public responded with outrage. International campaigning actions put massive pressure on the university's administrators to stop the persecution of Verzeñassi.
On 14 November 2016 GMWatch was informed that these campaigns had been successful. The rector of the university ordered the Dean to stop all actions against Verzeñassi.
We're delighted at this outcome, which is a tribute to all those who registered their protest.
However, for the sake of the historical record and so that others can learn what happens to university academics who threaten the interests of big agribusiness, we are publishing below an English translation of the statement published on 8 November, in the midst of the persecution, by the members of the team of the Institute of Socioenvironmental Health and Final Project of the Medicine Degree at the Faculty of Health Sciences of the National University of Rosario.
—
Ideological persecution at the National University of Rosario for denouncing agrochemicals and GMOs
Members of the team of the Institute of Socioenvironmental Health and Final Project of the Medicine Degree at the Faculty of Health Sciences of the National University of Rosario
Rebelión, 8 November 2016
https://www.rebelion.org/noticia.php?id=218891
English translation by Observatorio OMG; revision by Claire Robinson of GMWatch
Ricardo Nidd, Dean at the Faculty of Medical Sciences at the National University of Rosario (UNR), started an ideological and academic persecution against the teachers, graduates and students who support the “Socioenvironmental Health” and “Final Project” programmes, which work with families who have become victims of the dominant agricultural model based on GMOs and agrochemicals. Backing the Dean were regional officials and agribusiness companies.
The teaching team coordinated by Damián Verzeñassi, from the Faculty of Medical Sciences at the UNR, has for the last six years been developing an experiment that is unprecedented in Argentine universities: health camps to evaluate the situation in urban and rural areas. Hundreds of students settle in the area for a week and conduct a population census. These camps, numbering 27 thus far, have turned into an overwhelming scientific proof of the agricultural model's consequences. This disturbs some political groups, agribusiness transnationals and (what a contradiction!) public university authorities.
During the last months the Socioenvironmental Health and Final Project teams, both coordinated by Verzeñassi, have been suffering pressure from the Dean, Ricardo Nidd. This escalation reached its peak last week, when Gastón Palacios, associate professor of the Final Project, was removed from his position of secretary for university extension. The outcomes of the health camps had been released to the media by Palacios during the previous days. The Dean also removed Giovana Bonisoli from the position of undersecretary of student welfare. Bonisoli is co-manager of the Socioenvironmental Health programme and ensures the inclusion of these topics in the medical curriculum. In Bonisoli's case the Dean also offered sexist and misogynist insults.
This ended in other members of the Faculty Cabinet resigning in protest against such persecution.
Another fact to illustrate Dean Nidd's actions is that he ordered the office where all the information about the health camps is located to be shut with locks and chains. These documents constitute valuable evidence of the health situation of the 27 villages and towns in Santa Fe, Entre Ríos, Córdoba, and Buenos Aires. Access was denied to all the teaching personnel related to the programmes coordinating these camps.
This escalation of academic persecution took place while Verzeñassi was taking part in the historic International Monsanto Tribunal in The Hague, Netherlands (to travel there, he used his unused past vacation days).
Dean Nidd met with sectors linked to the regional government and offered to let them coordinate the Final Project, which includes the health camps. We are afraid that the next step for the Dean could be to fire more teachers by not renewing their contracts at the end of the year, and also to dismantle the Socioenvironmental Health Institute and health camps.
From the Socioenvironmental Health Institute and the Socioenvironmental Health and Final Project programmes we are working on building a university which is open, democratic, academically excellent and, above all, at the service of the people. Health camps have become a very important and internationally recognised tool for that. Data collected at the health camps have shown the changes in the morbidity and mortality profiles in our region, which has been submitted to a constant poisoning process for years, since the arrival of genetically modified organisms (GMOs). The impacts of this process in the life cycles of the people exposed to agribusiness has been revealed.
Teachers, graduates, and students understand the role of the public university: to be at the service of the people, free from pressure from political and/or corporate power. Unfortunately, defending the public university in this way—conducting epidemiological studies from and with the community, publishing the results which are the property of the people and no one else, has put many business and political interests in crisis. The pressure has increased during the last months. We are witnessing how regional authorities are uncomfortable with our work and how they suggest that the best thing for our Faculty would be for us to hide the health camps findings. Agribusiness representatives have taken the same attitude. Internal actors of university politics, who call themselves “revolutionary”, have helped this process along, acting alongside agribusiness-related organisations.
We have been accused of making public the health camp outcomes. We have been accused of travelling (even on our ordinary vacation days) to communicate the health situation of our land to other countries. We have been accused of being consistent with the principles of university reform.
Given the fast, genuine and massive response of solidarity from every corner of our country and Latin America, the chains have been removed from the office at this moment. However, access is still not possible at the rate that university work usually requires. We are worried about the future of the health camps, the possible intervention of the Dean against the Socioenvironmental Health Institute, and the ability of our teachers to continue in their jobs.
The signs of solidarity we have received renew our strength and beliefs.
We will keep working towards a future of caring about our ecosystems' health.
We will keep fighting for a democratic university at the service of the people, not of the corporations or governments.
Today, like yesterday, “The sorrows that remain are the liberties we lack”.
Source: Salud Socioambiental FCM UNR vía Rebelión https://www.rebelion.org/noticia.php?id=218891
The election that legalized recreational marijuana in Washington and Colorado looks to be a historic moment in American democracy. It has already been widely regarded as the beginning of the end of marijuana prohibition in the United States, but recent developments suggest legal weed's importance could stretch beyond American policy to international significance. Today, Latin American leaders of four nations called for a review of international drug policies.
"It has become necessary to analyze in depth the implications for public policy and health in our nations emerging from the state and local moves to allow the legal production, consumption and distribution of marijuana in some countries of our continent," Mexican President Felipe Calderon said this afternoon after meeting with Honduran President Porfirio Lobo, Costa Rican President Laura Chinchilla and Prime Minister Dean Barrow of Belize.
The US is currently backing a bloody war in Mexico, where marijuana is estimated to be a significant, if not majority, percentage of cartel profits. Since Calderon declared war on the cartels in 2006, more than 60,000 Mexicans, many of them innocents, have died in the carnage. Drug war violence has devastated much of Latin America, and prompted to many leaders to speak out in support of reform. Now, it seems, legalization in WA and CO will lend support to international voices for drug war alternatives.
As Reuters.com reported this week:
Some leaders, such as Guatemalan President Otto Perez, have openly proposed legalizing or "decriminalizing" certain drugs. Others have pushed for less dramatic changes such as legalizing only marijuana or, like Mexico's Felipe Calderon, have spoken in vague terms of a "less prohibitionist" approach. Uruguay has gone furthest, proposing a bill this year that would legalize marijuana and have the state distribute it. That move was regarded as too extreme by many in the region, although this week's decision by voters in Washington and Colorado states to legalize marijuana for recreational use showed that, even in the United States, the status quo is changing fast. SPONSORED
These shifts in policy may give progressives in the US some needed leeway to change policy.
Moises Naim, a senior associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace in Washington, told NewsMax.com
"The taboo is broken," adding that "2012 will go down as the year when Latin American governments became assertive and began making changes of their own accord."
Marijuana legalization in Washington and Colorado may very well provide the evidence of drug war failure and popular opinion necessary for the United States to recognize Latin America's increasing calls for change.
Happy summer! To everyone in the Northern Hemisphere, anyway. I think I might be officially done using my oven for the next couple of months. Bring on the popsicles and ice cream, fresh salsa and green salads, and quick stovetop recipes like these garlic scape chickpea pancakes! These are packed full of early summer's finest flavors.
My first weekend of the season was a really great one. On Saturday, I woke up very early (hint: the number on my clock began with a 4) to drive up to northeastern Maryland for a killer trail half marathon. My ankles are still sore as I write this, but it was totally worth it! It was a rainy but beautiful day and I had a great race, finishing 2nd in my age group. I don't usually win things. So that was pretty cool! I missed a few weeks of training due to badly cutting my foot, and I'm truly grateful that I was able to get out there and run at all, let alone have a competitive performance!
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
I also had to the opportunity for a fantastic brunch at Woodberry Kitchen, a farm-to-table restaurant in northern Baltimore that partners with the same farm where I get my CSA. Woodberry Kitchen is not the most vegan-friendly place around, but they generally have at least one great option available. The menu changes almost daily and they have THE BEST cocktails. Kind of ironic, though, that when I take a break from cooking at home to go out to eat, I end up basically eating more of the same veggies that we currently have at home.
Speaking of which, I owe you a CSA update! Yesterday I picked up our second share of the season. Usually there are 8 things, but this week we got 9. Here's what was in it:
Kohlrabi (with greens)
Broccoli (with greens)
Turnips (with greens)
Radishes (with greens)
Spring onions (with greens)
Fresh oregano
Arugula
Curly kale
Garlic scapes
I'm sensing a theme here… are you? I'm currently failing miserably at eating the rainbow, but at least it is fairly obvious that I am getting sufficient iron intake! Last week my partner was out of town and I finished all 7 leafy green things myself. Not totally sure I want to repeat that experience. I think half of that amount is probably more reasonable.
In conclusion, it's now that time of year when I try to put as many vegetables as I can into one dish, without muddling up the flavors too much. This turnip green & garlic scape chickpea pancakes do a great job at that. I gave them that name for brevity, but I actually used a combination of turnip greens, broccoli greens, and radish greens, in addition to the garlic scapes, a good dose of fresh oregano, and some leftover onion chives from last week. Chickpea pancakes are versatile and these will work with any leafy green of your choosing, and a variety of different herbs, as well. I find them incredibly satisfying and they're packed with nutrition!
Before the start of the regular season, the Last Word On Sports NFL department will be breaking down every division in the league by position. This article contains an AFC South breakdown of each offense position-by-position. The breakdown will contain “the best” at each unit followed by “the rest” in descending order.
2017 AFC South Breakdown by Position: The Offense
Quarterback
The Best: Indianapolis Colts
The Rest: Tennessee Titans, Jacksonville Jaguars, Houston Texans
Andrew Luck has had the title of best quarterback in the AFC South since the day he was drafted in 2012 and not much has changed in the ensuing five years. Even while sitting out nearly half the season in 2015 with a torn shoulder labrum and lacerated kidney, there's no denying Luck has the most natural ability of all of the quarterbacks in the division (and the best winning pedigree). While Luck will miss the first (and possibly second) game of the 2017 season, he will most likely still be the most successful quarterback in the division. Expect him to be near the top of the league in per game averages in yards, touchdowns, and interception ratio this year if the Colts offensive line can keep Luck healthy and upright.
Right on the heels of Luck is the Titans young signal caller Marcus Mariota, who should have a breakout performance this year after the Titans added first round pick Corey Davis in the NFL Draft and redzone monster Eric Decker in free agency. Coupled with a dominant running game led by DeMarco Murray and Derrick Henry, and you've got a recipe for a complete and balanced offense that will wreak havoc on defenses both in and out of the division. While Luck's position at the top of the quarterback rankings is assured for this season, a phenomenal campaign by the Titans could vault Mariota over him in next year's rankings.
Blake Bortles of the Jacksonville Jaguars comes in third on this list, if only by his experience starting in the NFL. Bortles is not by any means an elite quarterback (some would say he's merely serviceable), but his familiarity with the offense and bevy of weapons keeps him at least above replacement level. Bortles racked up big time numbers last year while the Jaguars were trailing, but I expect a young and explosive defense to keep the Jaguars in much closer games than they participated in last season. Bortles is effectively playing for his job this season, so I would venture to guess that he'll do as much as he can to cut down on turnovers and prove his worth as an NFL starter.
The Houston Texans bring up the rear of this list due to the questions that surround their quarterback situation to start the season. Veteran journeyman Tom Savage will start the season for the Texans under center, but don't expect for him to retain that position for too long. With a schedule that includes two divisional foes (Jacksonville, Tennessee) and the perennially difficult defenses of Cincinnati, New England, and Kansas City, you can wager rather confidently that first round pick Deshaun Watson will most likely get the starting nod at or around week 6. Depending on how well Watson adjusts to the NFL, the Texans could easily move past the Jaguars in these rankings next season.
Running Back
The Best: Tennessee Titans
The Rest: Houston Texans, Jacksonville Jaguars, Indianapolis Colts
The Tennessee Titans boast one of the best 1-2 combinations in all of the NFL when it comes to the backfield. With DeMarco Murray leading the way and Derrick Henry spelling him, the Titans have a set of running backs which will take a ton of pressure off of Marcus Mariota during the season. Murray, who finished the 2016 season third in the league in total rushing yards, can be expected to post similar production this season. Derrick Henry added another 490 yards on the ground and is as dependable of a spell back as you can find anywhere in the NFL. Coupled with one of the best young offensive lines in the league and you've got the makings of a frighteningly balanced offensive attacks.
Lamar Miller signed with the Houston Texans following a five-year stint with the Miami Dolphins that saw him emerge as one of the better three down running backs in the NFL. Since signing with the Texans last year, Miller has reinforced his reputation in that regard, posting a 1,073-yard season in his first year with the new Bill O'Brien offense. While Miller will continue to be expected to be the leading rusher for the Texans in 2017, third-round selection D'Onta Foreman out of Texas will make an excellent complement to Miller in the backfield.
The Jaguars haven't had a true bell cow at the running back position since Maurice Jones-Drew became a free agent at the end of the 2013 season (as a shell of his former self). To alleviate this concern, the Jaguars used their first-round pick (fourth overall) in the 2017 NFL Draft to select running back Leonard Fournette out of LSU. Fournette posted over 3,800 yards rushing during his time at LSU and will be expected to match – or outpace – that production in the NFL.
Five years ago, any list of running backs that had future Hall-of-Famer Frank Gore at the bottom would have been considered ludicrous. Today however, Gore is 34 years old and not nearly as dominant as he used to be. While he did post another 1,000 yard seasons last year, you can tell that he has lost a step with age. The Colts have tried to alleviate the pressure on Gore to perform by selecting Marlon Mack out of the University of South Florida in the 2017 draft, but Gore will still be expected to take the lion's share of reps at the position. At this point in his career, Gore is playing mostly for posterity, as he only needs 620 yards this season to become fifth in all-time rushing yards (supplanting Hall of Famer LaDainian Tomlinson).
Wide Receiver
The Best: Tennessee Titans
The Rest: Indianapolis Colts, Houston Texans, Jacksonville Jaguars
The Tennessee Titans begin the season with the best wide receiving corps in the division, and for good reason. Last year's receiving leader, Rishard Matthews, most likely will be taking the number two spot after the Titans used the fifth overall selection in the draft to select Corey Davis out of Western Michigan. Davis, a 6'3” juggernaut who led all Division I football in receiving yards during his four-year career, looks to be a steady compliment to an already loaded offense. Coupled with free agent signing Eric Decker and Tennessee suddenly has a very formidable three receivers set. While the Titans may not have the best overall receiver in the division, the sheer number of excellent targets available to Marcus Mariota makes their group the best in the AFC South.
While the Titans boast the best receiving corps in the division, the title of the best receiver remains with the Indianapolis Colts and T.Y. Hilton. Hilton, who led the NFL with 1,448 receiving yards last year, is just about the only steady target on a Colts roster that has endured significant turnover at the wide receiver position in the past few months. Fourth year man Donte Moncrief has locked up the number two spot and will be playing for a new contract in 2017. Former first round selection Phillip Dorsett has been shipped off to New England for backup quarterback Jacoby Brissett and has been replaced by free agent signing Kamar Aiken and undrafted free agent Chester Rogers. Hilton's dominance alone keeps the Colts in the number two slot here though, as without him the Colts would assuredly be at the bottom of the division.
The Texans have the only receiver who could compete with Hilton for the “best overall” title in fifth-year man DeAndre Hopkins. Hopkins, who posted a down year in 2016 with only 954 yards and four touchdowns, recently signed a five-year, $81 million contract extension with the Texans. Hopkins is joined by second year receiver Will Fuller who was chosen with the 21st overall pick in the 2016 NFL Draft. Fuller, who finished 2016 with 47 receptions for 635 yards and two touchdowns, will look to improve in his second year with new starting quarterback Tom Savage (and eventually Deshaun Watson). Former Ohio State quarterback Braxton Miller rounds out the number three receiver spot. Much like the Colts and T.Y. Hilton, the Texans hold down the number three spot solely due to the value that DeAndre Hopkins brings to the table.
The Jaguars finish the receivers list at the bottom, but there is room for them to move up this year based on their available personnel. While the Jaguars number one receiver, Allen Robinson, posted a career year in 2015, his production declined significantly last season. Finishing with only 883 yards and six touchdowns, Robinson was a far cry from a legitimate number one threat at receiver. Robinson is joined on the wings by fourth year receiver Allen Hurns, who also had a disappointing 2016 campaign, finishing with less than 500 receiving yards and only three touchdowns. Some of that production was moved over to the Jags other fourth year man Marqise Lee, who had the best season of his career in 2016 with 851 yards and three touchdowns on 63 receptions. In order for the Jaguars receiving corps to move out of the basement this season, they'll have to post significant increases across the board by these players.
Tight End
The Best: Tennessee Titans
The Rest: Indianapolis Colts, Houston Texans, Jacksonville Jaguars
The Titans come out on top in the tight end category, leaving them with the best position group in three out of four categories so far. 11-year NFL veteran Delanie Walker leads the Titans at the position, continuing to be an incredible production machine in the Titans run-first offense. Posting a career year in 2015 and breaking every single Titans record for tight ends, Walker built upon that campaign last season by posting 800 yards and seven touchdowns on 65 receptions. With the next closest tight end in the division barely coming close to those numbers, it's easy to see why the Titans are at the top of this list.
If you looked at the Colts 2012 draft class, you'd expect to see them at the top of this list. Selecting two tight ends in the first three rounds with Stanford's Coby Fleener and Clemson's Dwayne Allen, it looked like the Colts were set to emulate the two-tight end set that New England made famous a few years ago. Instead, both players have since been relocated, with Fleener signing with the New Orleans Saints before last season and Allen being shipped to New England for a 2017 fourth-round draft pick. With them gone, everyman Jack Doyle starts at the top of the Colts depth chart for the 2017 season. Doyle was something of a security blanket for Andrew Luck last season, posting 584 yards and five touchdowns on 59 receptions, narrowly edging the Texans C.J. Fiedorowicz for second in the division.
Speaking of Fiedorowicz, he and the Texans come in third at this position. Entering his fourth NFL season, Fiedorowicz had a breakout campaign in 2016, posting 559 yards and four touchdowns on 54 receptions. Recently signing a three-year contract extension, it's obvious that the Texans see value in Fiedorowicz and expect him to continue to be a valuable asset in their growing offensive stable.
The Jaguars continue to be the caboose on this train, again finishing in last place for this position group. 12th-year tight end Marcedes Lewis is looking at the end of a long career in Jacksonville and there isn't much behind him when it comes to depth. Lewis, an almost-guaranteed ring of honor candidate for Jacksonville, is backed up by third year tight end Ben Koyack who had 161 yards and one touchdown in 14 games last season.
Offensive Line
The Best: Tennessee Titans
The Rest: Jacksonville Jaguars, Indianapolis Colts, Houston Texans
It's no surprise that the Titans are the favorites to win the AFC South coming into the 2017 season. With the best running back, wide receivers, tight end, offensive line, and second-best quarterback in the division, this is an offense that is brimming with talent and should turn a lot of heads (and win a lot of fantasy matchups) in 2017. Second year right tackle Jack Conklin pushed and shoved his way to All-Pro honors last year as a rookie, while fourth year left tackle Taylor Lewan was selected to his first Pro Bowl following an equally excellent campaign last year. Stealing Ben Jones from the Texans proved to be a great choice, offering protection and intelligence at the interior of the line for quarterback Marcus Mariota. With two above average guards in Josh Kline and Quinton Spain, the Titans have everything they need to continue to push production both in the running and passing games.
The Jaguars are going to need to protect quarterback Blake Bortles if they expect for him to continue to be their answer at quarterback. Too often at times last year, the Jaguars found themselves in games where the offensive line was asked to hold their blocks in pass protection while Bortles threw the ball in desperate attempts to keep the team competitive. The Jaguars attempted to alleviate their issues on the line by selecting left tackle Cam Robinson out of Alabama in the second round of the 2017 NFL Draft. Center Brandon Linder remains the stalwart on this line, while veteran Jermey Parnell will look to pave the way for rookie running back Leonard Fournette this season.
The Colts have begun to invest significant resources in their offensive line, and this season should begin to bear fruit on those investments. Last year's first round selection Ryan Kelly has solidified himself at center (even though he will miss the first few games with injury), and third year left guard Jack Mewhort has emerged as the best overall lineman on this unit. Combined with left tackle Anthony Castonzo, who has shown flashes of excellence during his first six years in the league, and the Colts have the beginnings of a steadfast protecting unit for Andrew Luck. Questions remain on the right side, but management has shown that they are aware and are making moves to alleviate concerns by spending significant draft capital there.
The Texans have the worst offensive line in the division, period. Left tackle Duane Brown can be excellent, but is unhappy with his contract and may not be with the team past this season. Right tackle Derek Newton was lost for the season due to injury (two ruptured patellar tendons), and center Nick Martin will be starting for the first time after losing his entire rookie season to an ankle injury. Given the amount of questions and uncertainty all along this line, it's no question why they place at the bottom of the list.
Check out the AFC South positional breakdown on defense and special teams.
Embed from Getty Images
You probably already knew Jeanane Garofalo was no fan of conservatives, Republicans or just about anything that could be described as right of center. But the former Air America host and MSNBC regular really has a low regard for conservative activists.
In an appearance at the 9:30 Club in Washington, D.C. on Aug. 21, Garofalo ripped into tea party protesters, or what some of the wizards of smart on the left have deemed "tea baggers" calling them "functionally retarded adults" and "racists."
"Do you remember tea baggers?" Garofalo said. "It was just so much easier when we could just call them racists. I just don't know why we can't call them racists, or functionally retarded adults."
Garofalo has made prior overtures alleging any public display of discontent with the current president is nothing more than racial hatred. Back in April she called tea party protesters "a bunch of tea bagging rednecks" on MSNBC's "Countdown with Keith Olbermann." However, she contended the public's frustration expressed over the direction of the country was code for racism.
"The functionally retarded adults, the racists - with their cries of, ‘I want my country back,'" she said. "You know what they're really saying is, ‘I want my white guy back.' They apparently had no problem at all for the last eight years of habeas corpus being suspended, the Constitution being [expletive] on, illegal surveillance, lied to on a war or two, two stolen elections - yes, the John Kerry one was stolen too. That's not tin-foil hat time. That's just..."
According to Garofalo, the media were the reason George W. Bush defeated both former Vice President Al Gore in 2000 and Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., in 2004 to hold on to the White House for eight years.
"Our media is quite happy to report on any stolen election around the world, any stolen election around the world except ours," Garofalo said. "And it's just unexamined narcissism. It's just, if you were to say this to the average American, ‘You know they steal elections in Uganda.' ‘Yeah.' ‘You know they steal elections in America.' ‘Why do you hate America?' ‘Why didn't you ask me why do you hate Uganda?'"
And throughout Garofalo's stand-up routine, she reiterated her belief that the outrage over President Barack Obama's and the Democratic-controlled Congress' branded of domestic policy is veiled racism.
"This is neuroscience," Garofalo continued. "This is not politics, this is neuroscience. It is purely limbic brain activity - this emotion over being angry that there's a black guy in office, with the people showing up armed to the health care meetings - to whatever, the town halls. But it's just, and these tea baggers. It makes me soul sick."
UHHHH dat pun!! (sorry)Yay Derpy! I love this pony a lot and even my boyfriend made me a genius present with a limited toy of her! I love my Derpy figure <3Also I made a post Derpy, other fanart inspired me to do that hehe! I also used some references for the pose, because I never drew something upside down. It's pretty strange actually, for the face I had to turn in 180°, otherwise it would have been veeery unsymetric @.@Well this picture was kind of fast when I compare it with my last ones, it was also the first time I tried to paint clouds. They were pretty fun to make ^^ But pretty diffcult if you are not used those different pencils in Sai.I also tried to make this picture a more "soft" in terms of coloration, because for the happy tone it does. Mh, I also tried out some other colours for the background like pure yellow/orange or more darkish blue and pink tones, but I have decided to upload this version here.I hope you like it and have a nice day!
“Socialism with Chinese characteristics” = Chinese fascism
“American capitalism” = American fascism
“Post-Communism in Russia” = Russian fascism
“Scandinavian Third Way” = Scandinavian fascism
“Italian fascism” = Italian fascism
“German fascism” = German fascism
“Spanish fascism” = Spanish fascism
“European corporatism” = European fascism
Are you starting to see a pattern?
Many people continue to perceive the presence or impending advent of socialism here, there, and everywhere and to lament the prospect. But full-fledged socialism is almost extinct. Aside from North Korea, hardly any country now has socialism's essential attributes: government ownership, management, and direct control of all the major means of production; central planning of resource allocation and income distribution; and an almost complete absence of private property rights except for very small properties and some personal items. Almost all countries on earth now permit major elements of private property, combined with extensive government intervention and regulation of private property use and extensive taxation, subsidization, and government provision of a variety of “public goods,” “welfare,” infrastructure, and many other types of goods and services.
Moreover, almost all countries have elections of public officials; hence the term I've used for more than 30 years (borrowed from my Ph.D. student and friend Charlotte Twight), “participatory fascism.” (Never mind that the elections are often rigged and fraudulent.) Moreover, many countries have established institutions for permitting aggrieved citizens a measure of due process in contesting the government's treatment of their persons and property and allowing them a public voice in expressing their preferences for government action. (Never mind that this ostensible due process is largely spurious.)
This type of regime, amigos mios, is clearly the wave of the future. Unlike full-fledged socialism, which leads to totalitarian rule, mass poverty and economic decay, participatory fascism not only placates people's wish to participate in the formal process of government decision-making, but also permits private entrepreneurs enough room for maneuver that they can in some cases get rich; also enough that they can keep national output at a tolerably high level and in some cases even generate positive economic growth. Hence this system, even if it contains the seeds of its own destruction, does not destroy itself nearly as quickly as full-fledged socialism does. And meanwhile the politicians and their cronies who dominate the system smile all the way to the bank.
Tags: central planning, cronyism, Elections, Fascism, income distribution, Socialism
A 30-YEAR-OLD man needed 60 stitches to his head after he was attacked during a road rage brawl in broad daylight in Osborne Park yesterday afternoon.
Police say the incident started on Scarborough Beach Road between 4.30pm and 4.45pm when the occupants of two cars, a white van and a Toyota Hilux, became involved in an argument over merging.
Police say the white van pulled in front of the Toyota Hilux and braked, causing a small collision between the two cars.
The Hilux drove away but was followed by the van and at the intersection of Scarborough Beach Road and Harborne Street, two men in the van got out and became involved in a physical altercation with the driver of the Hilux.
Police say the driver of the Hilux was pulled from the car and assaulted.
His passenger came to his aid and during the scuffle between the four, one of the men received a large wound to his head believed to have been caused by a drill or hammer.
He was taken to hospital by ambulance and received 60 stitches to his head.
Police have spoken to all the men involved and will continue with their inquiries today.
Anyone who witnessed the incident is asked to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
Hillary Clinton, the leading Democratic candidate for the White House, fired back Tuesday at critics who have accused her of playing the “gender card” when discussing pay parity.
“If talking about equal pay and paid leave and more opportunities for women and girls is playing the gender card, then deal me in,” she said to applause from the prominently female audience at an event in Times Square marking Equal Pay Day.
“There's no discount for being a woman,” the former secretary of state added later of rent and groceries costs. “So why should we be paid less?”
Clinton, who would be the country's first female president if elected, also called on Congress to pass the Paycheck Fairness Act and support family leave.
She was a guest at a round-table hosted by Glassdoor, a Mill Valley, California-based recruiting company and pay transparency advocate. Research by Glassdoor shows the gender pay gap in the United States is 5.4 percent, after controls for education, work experience and other factors are applied.
Event participants included Megan Rapinoe, one of five U.S. women's national soccer team members who filed a complaint against the U.S. Soccer Federation for compensating its World Cup-winning female athletes at lower rates than their less-successful male counterparts.
“We love shouldering that load,” Rapinoe, seated next to Clinton, said of the international attention the suit has drawn to the fight for fair and equal pay.
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Manganos' retrial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Clinton, in a nod to the labor rights “equal pay for equal work” slogan, said of the midfielder and the women's team: “In America, we believe in equal pay for equal play, too.”
Beyond references to women and girls she has met as examples of those who struggled with or challenged pay gap programs, the former U.S. senator for New York did not detail her personal experience with the issue.
Tuesday was the anniversary of Clinton's campaign launch. In one week, New Yorkers will cast their ballots in the state's primary.
Clinton has a lead in the polls and in pledged delegates over her opponent, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.).
She has a 14 percentage-point advantage in New York over Sanders, according to an NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist College poll earlier this week.
Sanders on Tuesday was to campaign in upstate New York, holding town-hall meetings and rallies in Rochester, Syracuse and Poughkeepsie.
Clinton was to head later Tuesday to Palm Beach, Florida, for a fundraiser.
BUENOS AIRES, Argentina (AP) — Second-seeded Fabio Fognini of Italy reached the quarterfinals of the Copa Claro Wednesday, defeating Leonardo Mayer of Argentina 6-7(4), 6-3, 6-2.
Fognini also defeated Mayer on Sunday in the Royal Guard Open final in Vina del Mar, Chile.
Third-seeded Tommy Robredo of Spain also got through to the quarterfinals, beating Guido Pella of Argentina 4-6, 6-1, 6-4.
Fourth-seeded Nicolas Almagro, who beat Horacio Zeballos of Argentina 6-2, 7-5, advanced to the second round of the clay-court tournament.
Almagro has won 12 ATP titles — all on clay — and six have come on the annual Latin American swing.
Top-seeded David Ferrer plays his second-round match on Thursday.
Fifth-seeded Marcel Granollers was upset by fellow Spaniard Pablo Andujar 6-3, 6-0. Andujar reached the quarterfinals.
Eighth-seeded Jeremy Chardy of France advanced to the second round, defeating Alejandro Gonzalez of Colombia 6-4, 7-5.
Other unseeded players advancing to the second round included Alexandr Dolgopolov of Ukraine and Daniel Gimeno-Traver of Spain.
President Barack Obama seemed to commit the worst of Washington gaffes Thursday when he updated the American people about the ongoing threat from Islamist militants wreaking havoc in Iraq and Syria.
“I don't want to put the cart before the horse: we don't have a strategy yet,” Obama said of the effort to combat the militant group Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) in its safe haven in Syria. “I think what I've seen in some of the news reports suggest that folks are getting a little further ahead of what we're at than what we currently are.”
Obama's comment that “we don't have a strategy,” delivered to reporters at the White House before the Labor Day holiday weekend, prompted immediate mockery from Republicans — not to mention quick damage control from the White House.
“In his remarks today, [Obama] was explicit — as he has been in the past — about the comprehensive strategy we'll use to confront [ISIS] threat,” White House press secretary Josh Earnest said in a series of Twitter posts. “He was referring to military options for striking [ISIS] in Syria,” Earnest added in a hastily scheduled CNN appearance.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Obama was set to meet with the National Security Council on Thursday evening, and he said his Administration is working hard to develop a plan for stemming ISIS's spread from Iraq to Syria.
“We need to make sure that we've got clear plans, that we're developing them,” he said. Obama said he's ordered Secretary of State John Kerry to begin assembling a coalition to strike back at ISIS, while he has tasked Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel and the Joint Chiefs of Staff to present him with military options. “We're gonna cobble together the kind of coalition that we need for a long-term strategy as soon as we are able to fit together the military, political and economic components of that strategy,” Obama said. “There will be a military aspect to that.”
The President defended his decision not to seek authorization from Congress before beginning strikes on ISIS targets in Iraq three weeks ago, saying the urgency of the threat to the U.S. consulate in Erbil required immediate action. “I can't afford to wait in order to make sure that those folks are protected,” Obama said. Since Aug. 8, the military has conducted 106 air strikes in Iraq, according to U.S. Central Command.
Obama suggested that once he has a strategy for tackling ISIS, he would seek authorization from Congress, particularly since it may require additional funding. “It is my intention that Congress has to have some buy-in as representatives of the American people,” he said.
“This should be a wake-up call to Sunni, to [Shi‘ite], to everybody, that a group like ISIS is beyond the pale; that they have no vision or ideology beyond violence and chaos and the slaughter of innocent people,” Obama said. “And as a consequence, we've got to all join together — even if we have differences on a range of political issues — to make sure that they're rooted out.”
Obama also condemned continued Russia aggression in Ukraine, following U.S. and NATO confirmation of Russian ground troops and heavy equipment fighting against the Ukrainian military in eastern Ukraine, but he stopped short of calling it an invasion. The President ruled out American military action in Ukraine, but said the U.S. stands with its NATO allies in the region and suggested that additional sanctions on Russia will be forthcoming.
“We are not taking military action to solve the Ukrainian problem,” Obama said. “What we're doing is to mobilize the international community to apply pressure on Russia. But I think it is very important to recognize that a military solution to this problem is not going to be forthcoming.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
One of the great challenges of sustainable development is to combine society's desires for economic prosperity and social security. For decades economists and politicians have debated how to reconcile the undoubted power of markets with the reassuring protections of social insurance. America's supply-siders claim that the best way to achieve well-being for America's poor is by spurring rapid economic growth and that the higher taxes needed to fund high levels of social insurance would cripple prosperity. Austrian-born free-market economist Friedrich August von Hayek suggested that high taxation would be a "road to serfdom," a threat to freedom itself.*
Most of the debate in the U.S. is clouded by vested interests and by ideology. Yet there is by now a rich empirical rec-ord to judge these issues scientifically. The evidence may be found by comparing a group of relatively free-market economies that have low to moderate rates of taxation and social outlays with a group of social-welfare states that have high rates of taxation and social outlays.
Not coincidentally, the low-tax, high-income countries are mostly English-speaking ones that share a direct historical lineage with 19th-century Britain and its theories of economic laissez-faire. These countries include Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, the U.K. and the U.S. The high-tax, high-income states are the Nordic social democracies, notably Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden, which have been governed by left-of-center social democratic parties for much or all of the post?World War II era. They combine a healthy respect for market forces with a strong commitment to antipoverty programs. Budgetary outlays for social purposes average around 27 percent of gross domestic product (GDP) in the Nordic countries and just 17 percent of GDP in the English-speaking countries.
On average, the Nordic countries outperform the Anglo-Saxon ones on most measures of economic performance. Poverty rates are much lower there, and national income per working-age population is on average higher. Unemployment rates are roughly the same in both groups, just slightly higher in the Nordic countries. The budget situation is stronger in the Nordic group, with larger surpluses as a share of GDP.
The Nordic countries maintain their dynamism despite high taxation in several ways. Most important, they spend lavishly on research and development and higher education. All of them, but especially Sweden and Finland, have taken to the sweeping revolution in information and communications technology and leveraged it to gain global competitiveness. Sweden now spends nearly 4 percent of GDP on R&D, the highest ratio in the world today. On average, the Nordic nations spend 3 percent of GDP on R&D, compared with around 2 percent in the English-speaking nations.
The Nordic states have also worked to keep social expenditures compatible with an open, competitive, market-based economic system. Tax rates on capital are relatively low. Labor market policies pay low-skilled and otherwise difficult-to-employ individuals to work in the service sector, in key quality-of-life areas such as child care, health, and support for the elderly and disabled.
The results for the households at the bottom of the income distribution are astoundingly good, especially in contrast to the mean-spirited neglect that now passes for American social policy. The U.S. spends less than almost all rich countries on social services for the poor and disabled, and it gets what it pays for: the highest poverty rate among the rich countries and an exploding prison population. Actually, by shunning public spending on health, the U.S. gets much less than it pays for, because its dependence on private health care has led to a ramshackle system that yields mediocre results at very high costs.
Von Hayek was wrong. In strong and vibrant democracies, a generous social-welfare state is not a road to serfdom but rather to fairness, economic equality and international competitiveness.
*Because of an editing error, an earlier version of this essay misattributed the date of Hayek's suggestion.
This article is over 3 years old
Social media set alight after adverts appeared encouraging donors to visit sperm banks in order to afford the iPhone 6S, reports said
Chinese men urged to donate sperm to earn money for the new iPhone 6S
Chinese men are being encouraged to donate sperm in order to earn enough money to buy the latest iPhone, according to reports.
The adverts, from sperm banks in several provinces including Shanghai, Hubei and Jiangsu, have been taking social media by storm this week.
Why Apple shouldn't be selling a 16GB iPhone 6S or 6S Plus Read more
“No need to sell a kidney ... Shanghai sperm bank can make your iPhone 6S dream come true,” says one ad from the Shanghai Sperm Bank, which has been widely circulated online.
The reference to selling kidneys has become synonymous with Apple enthusiasts ever since a 17-year-old student from Hunan sold one of his kidneys on the black market for 22,000 yuan (£2,224) in 2011 to buy an iPhone and iPad.
Several reports of people trying to sell their kidneys to buy Apple products have emerged lately with one man even going missing following a failed organ sale.
Sperm banks are hoping the pitch, which comes ahead of the release of the iPhone 6S on 25 September, will help fix a shortage in donors.
The Shanghai Sperm Bank is promising 6,000 yuan for 17 millilitres of semen for those who qualify to donate. Donor needs to be university educated, disease-free and over 5 foot 5.
“This is going to make me really suspicious of anyone with an iPhone 6S” said one user on Weibo, China's Twitter.
“Wow I hope it's real, no need to give away a kidney for any Apple products now!” wrote another.
According to a spokesperson with the Shanghai Sperm Bank, the campaign has worked well so far, raising awareness and attracting potential donors, the state news agency Xinhua reported.
A poll conducted on Sina Weibo shows that Chinese social media users are split on the appropriateness of the campaign with close to 20% calling it unseemly and another 27% saying they will donate immediately.
“I need the address to Hubei Sperm Bank now please” said one user.
Additional reporting Amber Ziye Wang
When you think about terrorist attacks the way the Islamic State does, even blatant technical failure can become strategic success. It's all about how shrewdly you brand an attack after the fact—and how willing the media is to buy into your narrative.
Consider what happened in the U.K. on Friday. During morning rush hour, the London Underground's District Line was brought to a standstill after a fireball erupted on a train at Parsons Green Station. Minutes after the Metropolitan Police arrived, news broke that the incident had been caused by a bomb—crudely concealed in a bucket and placed in a supermarket shopping bag—that had failed to detonate properly. Within a couple of hours, British Prime Minister Theresa May declared the incident an attempted terrorist attack.
At 8 o'clock that evening—about 12 hours after the bomb partly detonated—ISIS adopted the attack as one of its own, releasing a claim of responsibility through its official propaganda outlet, the Amaq News Agency. Minutes later, it released another statement—this time from its central media apparatus—giving further details on the attack and claiming, without substantiation, that “a number of bombs had been planted” and that that morning's was just “one of them.”
In doing so, the group violated its usual protocol, in which it refrains from associating itself with bungled operations, or those where the attacker is still at large (the first exception to this rule was in the context of an attack in Brussels last month). However, it evidently decided that the opportunity cost of not claiming the Parsons Green operation was just too high. Its media officials had recognized that, without much effort, they could shift the discourse surrounding the attack and spin its failure into success.
They were not disappointed: After the statements emerged, perceptions regarding the operation were upended, and the British terrorism threat level, which is set by MI5, was raised from “severe” to “critical.” The focus was no longer on the failure of the bomb—that had become incidental at best. Instead, the key takeaway from the attack became the fact that ISIS was capable of hitting the U.K. for the fourth time in six months.
This is not the first time ISIS has deployed propaganda to steer popular discourse after an operation. Consider the way a handful of words transformed the likes of the Orlando shooter, the Sydney siege gunman, and other so-called “inspired” attackers from “ordinary” murderers of unarmed innocents into “soldiers of the caliphate.”
The dynamic this time was not dissimilar: Propaganda was deployed in order to supplement the communicative impact of Friday's operation.
Make your inbox more interesting. Each weekday evening, get an overview of the day's biggest news, along with fascinating ideas, images, and people. Email Address (required) Sign Up Thanks for signing up! {{#user.created}}Please check your email to confirm your subscription.{{/user.created}} {{^user.created}}Your newsletter subscription preferences have been updated.{{/user.created}} An unknown error occurred.
In view of this, we have to recognize that ISIS's claims of responsibility are never “just” claims of responsibility. Rather, they are central parts of the terrorist deed, psychological addendums geared toward rigging popular perceptions that are, at times, more impactful than the operation itself. Understanding how these claims—which ISIS itself describes as “media projectiles”—impact a given attack is critical if we are to weather this storm.
First, we have to leave behind the myth of the binary outcome. In the context of this kind of narrative-led terrorism, operations do not simply succeed or fail based on their immediate effects. Rather, there is a sliding scale of success, and the number of casualties is just one metric. At least as important as the human impact is the communicative impact, the value of the attack as an act of “propaganda of the deed”—a tactic whereby operations are carried out precisely for the horror they instill in adversaries and the morale-boost they give to supporters. This is what, as an organization, ISIS really craves.
The full potency of ISIS's propaganda strategy relies on the misguided responses of its adversaries.
Denying terrorists communicative success is difficult to do, and requires much more than an effective policing or intelligence response. This is because any operation, provided it isn't foiled prior to implementation, can easily be used to express and exaggerate attack capability and appetite.
It is for this reason that the Parsons Green bomber did not fail, even though his bomb did. He was launching an act of propaganda of the deed for ISIS, one geared toward garnering media notoriety for the caliphate. Even though his bomb did not kill anyone, let alone paralyze London—the Underground station it struck reopened later that evening—it had the desired effect. It reminded the world that ISIS was out to get it, and demonstrated to enemies and supporters alike that it was, at least to some extent, still capable of launching future attacks. That, simple though it is, is what success looks like.
As the caliphate continues to hemorrhage territory in Iraq and Syria, this kind of operation will become ever more important to the group. Its leaders know from almost two decades of booms and busts that propaganda of this sort will be the thing that keeps it going.
The response to the attack at Parsons Green signals that ISIS has lowered the bar for what constitutes an operation worth claiming, and this is not good news. It means that government spokespeople and media outlets alike must be more careful than ever not to fall into the propaganda traps being set for them. They must deny ISIS its ability to brand itself, and they must always remain two steps ahead, anticipating its propagandists' next move. The full potency of ISIS's propaganda of the deed strategy relies on the misguided responses of its adversaries. That its actions will provoke them is an essential component of its calculations, and an all-too-cyclical dynamic that we must deny it.
In the near future, as the caliphate shifts the focus of its appeal from territory to terrorism, we must expect more attacks like this—and know that next time, the attacks might not fail. In light of that, governments and media outlets must ready themselves. ISIS's propaganda machine will be ever more desperate to turn anything it can—from isolated stabbings to coordinated suicide bombings—into living proof that it continues to remain, expand, and incite. If we are not careful, this alone could stand to keep the group alive for years to come.
In The Lucifer Effect, the award-winning and internationally respected psychologist, Philip Zimbardo, examines how the human mind has the capacity to be infinitely caring or selfish, kind or cruel, creative or destructive. He challenges our conceptions of who we think we are, what we believe we will never do - and how and why almost any of us could be initiated into the ranks of evil doers.
At the same time he describes the safeguards we can put in place to prevent ourselves from corrupting - or being corrupted by - others, and what sets some people apart as heroes and heroines, able to resist powerful pressures to go along with the group, and to refuse to be team players when personal integrity is at stake.
Using the first in-depth analysis of his classic Stanford Prison Experiment, and his personal experiences as an expert witness for one of the Abu Ghraib prison guards, Zimbardo's stimulating and provocative book raises fundamental questions about the nature of good and evil, and how each one of us needs to be vigilant to prevent becoming trapped in the 'Lucifer Effect', no matter what kind of character or morality we believe ourselves to have.
The Lucifer Effect won the William James Book Award in 2008.
Samsung pushing pop-up adverts to people's TVs - even when they're watching their own films BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Samsung smart TVs have pushed pop-up adverts onto users, even when they're watching their own films. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/technology/samsung-pushing-popup-adverts-to-peoples-tvs-even-when-theyre-watching-their-own-films-30984318.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/article30977514.ece/38787/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-a8a415fd-f545-428a-be7a-22945b73d19c_I1.jpg
Email
Samsung smart TVs have pushed pop-up adverts onto users, even when they're watching their own films.
Weekly Business Digest Newsletter
The news comes the same week that the company was criticised for an Orwellian privacy policy that allowed the TVs to spy on their owners.
Some films and TV shows on the TV get stopped and then show a muted ad for Pepsi, according to Reddit user beans90. The ads can pop up even when users are watching their own content, and Reddit users reported seeing it using the Plex Media Server software that allows for streaming of films from computers to TVs.
The ads are enabled by default on recent smart TVs, according to other Reddit users. They can be turned off by ticking a switch in the menus to indicate that users “disagree with the Yahoo Privacy Notice”.
The mention of Yahoo seems to refer to a 2014 tie-up between it and Samsung, that would see the company create ads and interactive experiences for the TV. At the time, the companies said that those ads would require users to opt in to see them.
The company is “currently conducting a full and thorough investigation into the cause as our top priority,” it told the Guardian. The issue seems only to have affected those users in Australia, and was caused by an error, Samsung said.
Smart TVs are expected offer new opportunities to advertisers because they can log what users watch and do. Since the TVs are internet connected and have their own processors, they also allow for more interactive and intrusive advertising options.
Belfast Telegraph Digital
Our team at Student Loan Hero works hard to find and recommend products and services that we believe are of high quality and will make a positive impact in your life. We sometimes earn a sales commission or advertising fee when recommending various products and services to you. Similar to when you are being sold any product or service, be sure to read the fine print understand what you are buying, and consult a licensed professional if you have any concerns. Student Loan Hero is not a lender or investment advisor. We are not involved in the loan approval or investment process, nor do we make credit or investment related decisions. The rates and terms listed on our website are estimates and are subject to change at any time. Please do your homework and let us know if you have any questions or concerns.
Editorial Note: This content is not provided or commissioned by any financial institution. Any opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the author's alone, and may not have been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the financial institution.
Bottom line: We're here for you. So please learn all you can, email us with any questions, and feel free to visit or not visit any of the loan providers on our site. Read less
How do we make money? It's actually pretty simple. If you choose to check out and become a customer of any of the loan providers featured on our site, we get compensated for sending you their way. This helps pay for our amazing staff of writers (many of which are paying back student loans of their own!).
We've got your back! Student Loan Hero is a completely free website 100% focused on helping student loan borrowers get the answers they need. Read more
Last week, JPMorgan Chase & Co. announced to shareholders that it planned to unload its student loan holdings. Now, it appears the company has found a home for the $6.9 billion portfolio of student debt.
Navient announced in a press release that it has reached an agreement to purchase JPMorgan's portfolio. The deal is expected to close in stages during the second quarter of 2017.
What student loans are included in the deal?
According to the statement from Navient, about $3.7 billion of the portfolio is comprised of federally guaranteed student loans. The remaining $3.2 billion in student loan debt is comprised of private loans. JPMorgan stopped originating student loans in 2013.
“We welcome our new customers, and we commit to delivering best-in-class support to ensure a seamless transition,” said Navient CEO Jack Remondi in the press release. “Leveraging our 43-year track record of helping borrowers succeed, we will provide ongoing assistance to help our new customers continue to successfully manage their education loans.”
If JPMorgan previously serviced your student loans, it's possible your debt will be transferred to Navient in the coming months. If that's the case, don't panic — your loan term and interest rate will remain the same.
What to do if your student loan servicer changes
When your debt moves to a new servicer, you technically don't have to do anything; your old and new servicer will work together and make sure things are transferred smoothly. However, you should pay attention and make sure your payment information and loan data isn't lost in the shuffle.
1. Confirm your servicer
First, confirm who your student loan servicer is. If you have JPMorgan loans, watch for information about the switch in the coming months.
2. Read your student loan notifications
Your loan servicer should send you a letter ahead of time to let you know about the change. Open and read all notifications so you understand what's happening and when the transition will occur.
If you have moved recently, double-check your current account and update your contact information if necessary.
3. Create a new account
If your loan servicer is JPMorgan, you should receive a letter from Navient welcoming you. Instructions for creating a new Navient account should be included.
Set up the account as soon as possible and check to make sure everything looks correct. Your loan terms will not change, so your interest rate and repayment period should be the same.
4. Verify your payment information
See when your next bill is due and ensure that your payment information has been correctly moved to your new servicer. If you were previously enrolled in autopay, make sure that information was correctly transferred, too. You don't want to miss a payment because of your servicer's mistake.
What if you don't want Navient as a loan servicer?
New Navient customers may be disappointed to hear that the company is currently facing a lawsuit from the CFPB and a class-action lawsuit. Though you can't prevent your student loans from moving to Navient, you don't have to keep them there.
If you're unwilling to work with Navient, you can attempt to refinance your student loans with a different lender.
When you refinance, you can potentially secure a lower interest rate and smaller monthly payment. This helps you manage your cash flow and save money over time. However, keep in mind that refinancing doesn't always save you money.
Switching student loan servicers shouldn't be the only reason you refinance, but choosing a lender you're more comfortable with is a nice perk. Learn more about what to consider before refinancing.
Could Navient end up with more student loans?
With federal student loan defaults on the rise, it's possible that Navient could end up with more student loans in its portfolio. Companies like JPMorgan have been looking for ways to unload their student loan debt in recent years to limit losses and liabilities. If Navient continues to buy loans, it could end up with an even bigger share of the market than it already has.
Though it's not uncommon for student loans to move to a new servicer, it can be inconvenient for borrowers. To ensure you're always informed of modifications to your debt, keep your contact info updated and log in to your account regularly. With due diligence, you can stay on top of your loans and keep up with any changes.
Interested in refinancing student loans?
Here are the top 6 lenders of 2019!
In the five years since Phil Collins first made known his lifelong fascination with the Alamo, news coverage of his interest in Texas history has ranged from the man-bites-dog variety to downright mean. For Texans, the fact that one of the world's richest musicians—Collins has sold more than 250 million records—might spend a small fraction of his royalty checks collecting treasured artifacts from the Texas Revolution is not so hard to fathom. Or at least that was the intended takeaway from Texas Monthly's January 2012 story on Collins, “Come and Take a Look at Me Now.” The rock-and-roll press and British tabloids, on the other hand, have taken a different view. In a 2011 story, Rolling Stone depicted him as a rejected relic of the eighties who sits in his basement in Lake Geneva, Switzerland, staring at Jim Bowie's knife and Davy Crockett's rifle and thinking about killing himself. London's Daily Mail called him “one drumstick shy of a pair.”
Well, prepare yourself, naysayers, because now Phil Collins has done something truly weird. This afternoon, the Texas General Land Office announced that the pop star has agreed to donate his collection, which is thought to be worth tens of millions of dollars, to the state. For free. All of it. That includes hundreds of documents, ranging from a letter Stephen F. Austin wrote from a Mexican prison in January 1834 and Sam Houston's original 1835 land grant for property in East Texas to the signed receipt for thirty beeves that William Travis brought into the Alamo on the day the siege began, plus artifacts like uniforms and Brown Bess muskets that belonged to Mexican soldiers, a sword belt believed to have been worn by Travis when he died atop the northern wall, and a shot pouch that Crockett is thought to have given a Mexican soldier just before he was executed.
The deal was initiated by Kaye Tucker, a GLO project manager who has been the agency's unofficial Alamo liaison since it assumed custody of the site from the Daughters of the Republic of Texas in 2011. “We've always had a pipe dream to get a collection like this,” she told me over the phone this morning while stuck in I-35 traffic on the drive from Austin to San Antonio. “My understanding was that he had been talking to some area museums about an exhibit, so I had dinner with him and asked if he'd consider giving at least part of it to the Alamo. To my amazement, he just said, ‘Yes.' ” The logistics of the gift, like how it will be shipped, insured, and stored upon arrival, have yet to be hammered out, she said. “But Phil said he's even been looking into that.”
The deal is part of a larger effort by the GLO to improve Texas's most sacred historical site. “We've got big plans for the Alamo,” land commissioner Jerry Patterson told me yesterday afternoon. “We've created the Alamo Endowment, a nonprofit, to raise attention and money. We want to increase the site's footprint, maybe not all the way to its original size, but as close as we can to the whole thing. We want to tell the whole story, of the Tejanos and Mexicanos who died there too. And we want a permanent Phil Collins Collection in an Alamo Visitors' Center that we intend to build.”
For Patterson, who will leave office when his third term ends this January, fixing up the Alamo is a way to ensure his own legacy, and acquiring Collins's pieces could be the kind of coup that drives future fundraising. But for every tourist who's ever rolled through downtown San Antonio only to arrive at the Alamo and feel deflated, the gift could provide a means for contextualizing and envisioning the Texas creation story in a way that has never existed before. Artists have tried to present the Alamo in paintings, movies, and books, but they've invariably had to turn to legend to complete their looks. Collins's collection is the actual stuff that gave birth to the legend.
Collins and Patterson will make the gift official at a press conference at the Alamo on Thursday morning. In the meantime, the pop star has yet to respond to emails for comment. “He's dramatically unassuming, actually even less assuming than your average guy,” said Patterson, who was impressed by Collins in their one meeting, a dinner at San Antonio's Emily Morgan Hotel. “But he knows more about the Alamo than I do. His collection is substantial, it's valuable, and it needs to be labeled in honor of the guy who put it together. That's Phil Collins.”
Most anybody in professional sports seems to have some kind of odd superstitions or pre-game rituals as they get ready. New 49ers head coach Kyle Shanahan is no different.
Eric Branch put together a fantastic feature on Shanahan, focusing on how he and his wife met, and the things they have gone through in their relationship to bring them to this point. They have dealt with some serious stuff, and I highly recommend giving the article a read.
However, there are some light moments in the article, including his wife breaking down his pre-kickoff routine once he gets to the stadium. She said that he has never deviate from this:
The process starts with a self-deprecating text to his wife. A typical message: “Things are about to get weird.” First, Shanahan must find a solitary place to examine his game plan, which can be challenging on the road. Shanahan has studied X's-and-O's in janitors' closets and shower stalls, while using a bench, box or Gatorade cooler as a desk. During his quiet time, he must have four red pens and just-the-right temperature coffee. Then, before he goes onto the field, he holds a good-luck charm his son, Carter, gives him during the week and looks at a picture of his three children. His grand finale? The yoga advocate stands on his head for 45 seconds in the locker room to clear his mind and reduce stress.
I tried yoga for a couple weeks eight or nine years ago, but I did not last long enough to get to whatever stage involves standing on your head. But hey, if it clears his head, so be it. And now that he'll have his own office, maybe he'll stay out of the janitor's close for pre-game rituals.
I don't recall Bill Walsh doing any yoga, but it honestly would not have surprised me if that had been something he did. He seemed like a yoga type of guy. I can totally picture a player coming into his office to complain about something or ask a serious question before a game, and Coach Walsh sitting there on his head telling him to relax and hang on a second. Or even just ignoring him completely until he finished his yoga.
Whatever the case, make sure and give Eric's feature a read. It's a good one.
Westminster Police are searching for one of two men who stole a truck in Westminster, hit and killed a woman and fled the scene Tuesday night on Wadsworth Parkway.
Jessica Holman, 33, of Thornton was driving to pick up dinner for her family when the driver of the stolen truck hit her SUV and killed her.
"It's the last place that she was," said Holman's friend Crystal Owen. "It kind of brings us a little bit closer to her right now."
Owen, Elisha Zuniga and Brittini Gonzales worked with the 33-year-old mother and heard about the deadly crash Wednesday morning before work.
The friends placed candles at the scene where Holman died. They were too grief stricken to go on camera but agreed to speak with 9NEWS.
"She had a huge heart. She was a very caring person. She always put everybody else before herself. She wanted to make sure everybody else was happy," Owen said.
Around 5:50 p.m. Tuesday, a man called police to report his Ford F350 pickup truck was being stolen with an attached trailer and two ATVs. He got in another vehicle at his house on the 8600 block of West 86th Circle.
Sign up for the 9NEWSLETTER Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank You for signing up for the 9NEWSLETTER Please try again later.
Submit
"We always tell callers that say they're following: it's property. It's unfortunate because it's your property and it means a lot to you, but it's certainly not worth your life or someone else's life. We do advise people to discontinue following," said Investigator Cheri Spottke with the Westminster Police Department.
The stolen truck drove two miles to Arvada where one of the ATVs fell off the trailer at Queen and 86th Street. The thief didn't stop and the owner continued to follow.
He drove back through Westminster about three and a half miles where police caught up with the driver on the 9400 block of Wadsworth Parkway. When officers turned on their lights and sirens, the suspect drove over the median and into the southbound lanes of traffic.
Holman's friends shared hugs and stories about the woman with the beaming smile.
"(She) never walked around with a frown. She would just always smile. Loved to show those white teeth," said Zuniga with a laugh.
Westminster Police aren't releasing details about the suspects but officials said the truck's keys were left inside when it was taken.
Copyright 2016 KUSA
On Oct. 30, families across America sat down on the sofa with their children to watch the Halloween staple, “It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown” on ABC.
As the classic cartoon began to wrap up, it's easy to imagine parents stepping away to prepare for little ones' bedtimes or to use the restroom or simply to make a phone call.
Twenty-six seconds later, less than the time it takes to show a full-length commercial, the toddlers those parents left behind on the sofa were treated to an adult woman's sexual fantasy, a scene from the television show, “Scandal,” depicting graphic lovemaking that stretches the limits of even television's TV-MA, or mature, rating.
Now a parents organization is demanding ABC apologize for what it says was an irresponsible decision to bookend the final moments of Charlie Brown with graphic sex.
“Shame on ABC for putting a peep show next to a playground,” asserts Parents Television Council President Tim Winter. “In less than 26 seconds we were taken from the ‘Peanuts' pumpkin patch to a steamy ‘Scandal' sex scene. Twenty-six seconds, boom.
“Unless parents had the remote control in their hand, thumb on the button and aimed directly at the TV screen, they didn't have a chance,” he continued. “Such a transition is grossly irresponsible by the network and entirely unfair for parents. ABC owes families an apology.”
Winter isn't letting ABC off the hook for making a simple error, either.
“Network programmers know the importance of audience flow when constructing their broadcast schedule, and in fact they build their schedules around audience retention rates,” Winter said. “So they know full well the importance of program adjacency. The juxtaposition of a reliably classic family friendly children's cartoon special like the ‘Great Pumpkin' – a huge family draw every year for decades – with such a graphic bedroom scene is unjustifiable. We call on ABC to apologize for its actions and to promise not to do such a thing in the future.”
Video capture of ABC's Oct. 30 programming at the conclusion of the Charlie Brown special can be seen below.
Editor's Note: The following scene from “Scandal” contains partial nudity and sexual content.
U.S. Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky. pauses during a press briefing at a hotel in Jerusalem, Monday, Jan. 7, 2013. In his first visit to Israel, Paul on Monday called for a gradual reduction of American foreign aid. Israel is among the largest recipients of American assistance. (AP Photo/Aron Heller)
JERUSALEM (AP) — U.S. Sen. Rand Paul on Monday called for a gradual reduction of American foreign aid, delivering the message in an unlikely venue — since Israel is among the top recipients of American assistance.
Paul, a Republican from Kentucky, told reporters that the U.S. can't afford to keep borrowing money and then handing it out to others, even to allies like Israel.
"It will harder to be a friend of Israel if we are out of money. It will be harder to defend Israel if we destroy our country in the process," he told the Jerusalem Institute for Market Studies, an Israeli think tank. "I think there will be significant repercussions to running massive deficits ... you destroy your currency by spending money you don't have."
Paul, a longtime opponent of foreign aid, acknowledged he was expressing a "minority opinion" and doubted Congress would end foreign aid in his lifetime. "It's unlikely anything changes, but I think it is worth discussing," he said during his first trip to Israel.
Israel gets about $3 billion a year in military aid from the U.S.
Paul insisted Washington should first cut aid to countries with strained ties to America, such as Pakistan and Egypt, and only later wean Israel off aid. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has previously stated he was interested in doing that.
Paul said the aid, used in large part by Israel and Egypt to buy U.S. weapons, was creating an arms race in the Middle East that could ultimately harm Israel, not help it.
"I'm concerned that some of the weaponry that we are currently giving to Egypt may one day be used against Israel," he said.
Most American military assistance to Israel must be spent on U.S.-made equipment, providing a boost to the military industry there.
Paul suggested Israel would actually benefit from less aid, saying it would enhance its sovereignty by not having to approach the U.S. "on bended knee" when making its own decisions.
"I don't think you need to call me on the phone to ask permission for what you want to do to stop missiles from raining down on you from Gaza," he said.
Paul, the son of former presidential candidate Ron Paul, is mentioned as a potential presidential contender in 2016.
A member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Paul is scheduled to meet with Netanyahu, President Shimon Peres and other Israeli leaders before heading off for meetings in Jordan and the Palestinian Authority.
Paramedics in New Orleans don't need explicit reminders about the potential danger of falling bullets, the ones that come down after revelers shoot them into the air at midnight on New Year's Eve. They'll need no urging to strap on their specialized Kevlar-infused helmets before and after the clock strikes this year. That's because they know the story of the bullet that pierced the roof of an ambulance the same time last year, shocking the two paramedics inside -- who had just been debating the odds of a falling bullet crossing their path. Minutes into 2007, a single round from a rifle struck the ambulance as it patrolled downtown. Paramedics Jason Spees and Jonathan McCarthy radioed in that their rig had been hit -- adding that this was not a distasteful joke. The randomly fired bullet punctured the roof with an ear-ringing crack, as easily as a needle into a pin cushion, missing Spees' head and neck by mere inches as it was stopped by the roof's lining. "I was working that night," recalled paramedic Jeb Tate, a spokesman for New Orleans Emergency Medical Services. "It came over the radio, screaming and hollering." In the heavily armed city of New Orleans, though, the ambulance piercing is just another cautionary tale that ensures law enforcement officials will make their annual plea to the public not to squeeze off a few rounds in the grim, yet persistent tradition, that comes with each celebration of the holiday. All revelers should take heed -- and take cover -- as the midnight hour rolls around, Tate said. "Be aware of your surroundings," Tate said. "You want to be under a roof, preferably in a sturdy building." Last New Year's marked the first time New Orleans EMS issued the combat helmets, made from the same fiber used in bullet-resistant vests, to its medics. The agency's policy is that they are to be donned fifteen minutes before and after midnight. "We wore something in the past," Tate said. "But last year we had the new ballistic-type helmets." A round from a medium-caliber handgun blast can fall back to Earth at 150 mph and up to 2 1/2 miles from where it was fired, experts warn. At such a speed, falling bullets can easily kill a person or become lodged in buildings and cars. New Orleans hasn't recorded a fatality from a falling bullet since 1994, when 31-year-old Amy Silberman of Boston was killed by a round that fell from the sky and pierced her skull as she strolled the Moonwalk in the French Quarter. The bullet that killed Silberman was one of at least 200,000 fired into the heavens, New Orleans police reported in 1995. Silberman's death, and her family's outrage galvanized the movement targeting such lethal behavior. The New Orleans Police Department backed the movement by seeking out arrests of anyone illegally possessing firearms or ammunition during New Year's celebrations. The number of calls to police reporting illegal gunfire had steadily declined before Hurricane Katrina struck Aug. 29, 2005. In 2004, police reported only 19 calls. But the first New Year's after Katrina produced 108 reports of illegal gunfire, during the first six hours of 2006, police said. New Orleans has had plenty of incidents involving falling bullets, including a 2006 New Year's shooting that left a man paralyzed. Mike Pieper, a 56-year-old housing inspector with the Federal Emergency Management Agency at the time, was struck in the side by a bullet while watching fireworks on the Mississippi River levee near South Carrollton Avenue at about midnight. He endured several surgeries before he regained the ability to walk. Pieper was the first victim in six years from a falling bullet in New Orleans. In 2000, four people suffered injuries from falling bullets, but only one victim required hospitalization. Last year, the NOPD made six arrests related to weapons and seized eight firearms, saying fewer guns were fired than in years past. Tate noted that New Orleans isn't the only city where falling bullets have become commonplace during holidays. In 2001, Baton Rouge's 4th of July festivities were marred by the death of 8-year-old Sean Pfister, killed by a falling bullet fired into the sky by an unknown shooter. Illegal use of weapons carries up to two years in prison upon conviction for the first offense. A second offender faces five to seven years in prison. Gwen Filosa can be reached at gfilosa@timespicayune.com or (504) 826-3304.
Global currency exchange company announces Tuesday morning it would be abandoning plans for a global operations center in Charlotte
“Unequivocal” that its decision was made because of the state's passage of HB2
When Governor Pat McCrory signed HB2 into law, a sweepingly discriminatory law against the LGBT community essentially blocking local governments from passing non-discrimination legislation based on sexual orientation and gender identity, the backlash from equal-rights advocates/allies was decisively swift.
Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York was the first to ban non-essential travel from his employees to the state, but soon many other state governors followed, with still more legislators and public servants making statements sternly rejecting the state's condoning of bigotry.
The private sector, too, followed suit, with more than 100 major CEOs and business leaders signing a letter addressed to McCrory urging the law be immediately repealed.
More than 100 major CEOs & business leaders urge North Carolina to repeal radical anti-LGBT law #NoHateinMyState https://t.co/Gp8IM5ApLe — HumanRightsCampaign (@HRC) March 31, 2016
It seems now that many of these companies are prepared to make good on their word, with Paypal announcing Tuesday morning that they would be withdrawing their plan to open a new global operations center in Charlotte, which would have employed over 400 people in skilled jobs.
In his statement, CEO Dan Schulman explained in a statement posted to their website that “legislation has been abruptly enacted by the State of North Carolina that invalidates protections of the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender citizens and denies these members of our community equal rights under the law.”
Schulman continued:
The new law perpetuates discrimination and it violates the values and principles that are at the core of PayPal's mission and culture. As a result, PayPal will not move forward with our planned expansion into Charlotte. This decision reflects PayPal's deepest values and our strong belief that every person has the right to be treated equally, and with dignity and respect. These principles of fairness, inclusion and equality are at the heart of everything we seek to achieve and stand for as a company. And they compel us to take action to oppose discrimination. Our decision is a clear and unambiguous one. But we do regret that we will not have the opportunity to be a part of the Charlotte community and to count as colleagues the skilled and talented people of the region. As a company that is committed to the principle that everyone deserves to live without fear of discrimination simply for being who they are, becoming an employer in North Carolina, where members of our teams will not have equal rights under the law, is simply untenable. While we will seek an alternative location for our operations center, we remain committed to working with the LGBT community in North Carolina to overturn this discriminatory legislation, alongside all those who are committed to equality. We will stand firm in our commitment to equality and inclusion and our conviction that we can make a difference by living and acting on our values. It's the right thing to do for our employees, our customers, and our communities.
Dan Schulman, President and CEO, PayPal
The move by PayPal is the latest push-back from the private sector to increasingly exercise their economic muscle in the state as a means of pressuring HB2 into being repealed. The law was swiftly passed in a single calendar day as somewhat of a revenge for Charlotte passing LGBT nondiscrimination protections.
PayPal joins Google Ventures as the latest tech company to stand in solidarity with the LGBT community, with the aforementioned announcing last week that it would not back any companies in North Carolina until HB2 is repealed.
At the time of PayPal's announcement to open its global operations center a few weeks ago, McCrory said “North Carolina is the ideal destination for innovation-based, worldwide companies like PayPal. Today's announcement means that we can add another prominent company to the state's growing list of technology businesses with major operations here.”
Your move, Governor.
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The euro zone is suffering from integration fatigue and banking union might be the last big push for the foreseeable future, officials in the currency bloc say.
A picture illustration taken with the multiple exposure function of the camera shows a one Euro coin and a map of Europe, January 9, 2013. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
After three years of tightening policy cooperation, forced by a sovereign debt crisis, the single currency area may be reaching the limits of how much power governments are willing to cede.
“Governments now think that enough has been done already and now let's just implement it, let it function and then we will see,” one of four senior euro zone policymakers, who all spoke on condition of anonymity, told Reuters.
More ambitious ideas for a euro zone fiscal union, treasury or even jointly issued debt, floated at the height of the crisis, now seem too optimistic or even unnecessary.
Some policymakers say the euro zone will be lucky even to finish a banking union because it entails a further transfer of powers from national to pan-European level, especially when it comes to closing down banks and financing that process.
“We basically arrived at a point where transferring more power to the European Commission and ‘Brussels' in general to dictate national policies is no longer something that people are ready to agree with,” a second policymaker said.
European leaders will stress on Friday the need to stick to an ambitious timetable on banking union, keeping up pressure to solve thorny issues of financing and power transfer by the end of the year.
Their two-day Brussels summit has been hampered by the lack of a German government, as coalition talks drag on in Berlin. But insiders say there are deeper reasons for inertia.
When the debt crisis was raging in the first half of 2012, leaders came up with ambitious integration plans to convince investors the euro would not break apart.
“But that was more a move to prevent disintegration, than a move towards real integration,” a third senior euro zone policymaker said.
Later in 2012, the European Central Bank declared it would underpin the euro through a bond buying programme, Germany said Greece would not leave the euro zone and a new financing deal for Athens was agreed.
Markets calmed and the sense of urgency has gone. A messy bailout of Cyprus earlier this year presented no wider threat.
“The last Eurogroup (euro zone finance ministers) meeting in Luxembourg was almost friendly,” one participant said half-jokingly, contrasting the mood with the tense debates that were a feature of the last three years.
Despite public declarations that there is no room for complacency, politicians believe the crisis is over, a fourth official, who takes part in euro zone meetings, said. “This enthusiasm is completely premature,” he said.
Stopping integration now would be dangerous, that official said. If there is no appetite to move further, the euro zone should at least have a blueprint for when and how it would achieve the next steps, even if far into the future.
“A really bad idea is to move with half-cooked initiatives,” he said. “We are lacking this agreement on where we are heading.”
NOBODY IS HAPPY
With market pressure gone, politicians worry more about their voters ahead of elections to the European Parliament in the second quarter of next year.
Five euro zone bailouts since 2010 have increased support for anti-European parties on the far right and left in many countries, including France and Germany, forcing mainstream parties to harden their rhetoric towards “Brussels”.
French President Francois Hollande rebelled against recommendations from the European Commission at the end of May saying the EU executive could not dictate to Paris what it must do.
While the bailouts saved the euro, voters in countries lending money to Greece, Portugal, Ireland and Cyprus believe they are picking up the tab for spendthrift policies.
Those in countries that took emergency loans don't feel the benefit, just the pain associated with the tough reforms that come with the credit.
“Both the lenders and the borrowers associate Europe with hardship, unfairness and injustice, so it is not a good starting point,” the first euro zone official said.
Since anti-European parties are likely to gain ground in European Parliament elections, it might be even harder to push through any major euro zone reforms thereafter.
DOES EURO ZONE NEED MORE?
Many policymakers, both from euro zone institutions and national governments, say once the banking union is complete with a euro zone bank supervisor, a single authority and fund to close banks, and a harmonised deposit guarantee scheme, the euro zone will be pretty durable.
The latter, at least, seems to have fallen by the wayside.
Euro zone governments have already agreed to give up a lot of sovereignty in economic policymaking.
Budget rules have been dramatically sharpened, forcing governments to write debt break rules into national laws.
The Commission now has powers to monitor national budgetary processes from start to finish. If it detects something fundamentally wrong it would tell a government to do something about it. If the warning is ignored, fines can follow.
“There is a feeling that it is OK what we have done so far, but enough is enough and there really is no support for any more,” the second euro zone official said.
Even if long-term integration are baulked at, further steps might happen as a by-product of banking union.
“Although for everybody else the fiscal and economic integration at this stage is sufficient to move towards banking union, for Germany it may be not,” the first official said.
“For Germany, agreeing to the banking union with everything that it needs, is possibly a step so huge that they will need additional steps on the economic and fiscal integration as well to feel safe,” he said.
A total of 13,600 thousand bird nests have been placed in Turkey's northeastern province of Artvin since 2004. The nests were distributed over 4,465 hectares of forest area as part of a biological battle.
Artvin's Regional Director of Forestry Selim Gurbetoğlu stated that the wooden nests were built for homeless birds and placed on trees to fight against pests in the region.
According to Gurbetoğlu, the aim is to increase the bird population in Artvin's forest in order to decrease the amount of pests.
This year 700 bird nests were built and it was also confirmed that all the nests have been inhabited.
Birds support the battle against pests by feeding on them and therefore keeping the natural balance intact.
"They mostly need larva and butterfly caterpillars in order to feed their babies. Excessive reproduction of pests is prevented. We built bird nests in order to protect insectivore birds and ensure their reproduction," Gurbetoğlu stated.
The nests are hung, according to right techniques, three meters above the ground, and carefully placed at least 10 meters away from the roadside.
They are cleaned at regular intervals, and as they eventually rot due to natural circumstances, deformed bird nests are replaced with new ones.
"We also want to place these bird nests in public places like picnic areas and city forests, so that people can observe different bird types and change their perspective in a positive way," Gurbetoğlu added.
Posted 27 June 2012 - 10:21 PM #1
Vicious Presents
****ViciousMIUI Android 4.1.2****
What's Working:
What doesn't work:
Installation Instructions:
Changelog: 10/26/2012
MIUI Themes APP and Root Permissions APP working 100% on boot...
CallsData (Both 3G and 4G at boot with no tricks)SMSMMSWiFi (Stronger WiFi signal now)All market apps/gapps included in build no need to flash gappsUSB StorageInternal StorageRoot/Superuser (Now built in and fixed open Superuser and update SU binary) (Thanks ChainFire)ADBAudioVideoVideo PlaybackCameraGPSGoogle NowGoogle TalkYou tell me this bitch is golden so far!!!!Make a nandroid backupWipe data factory resetWipe cache partitionWipe dalvik cache (Optional)Flash JellyBean 4.1.2 to your Galaxy NexusReboot and ENJOY JellyBean from me to you!!!!Fresh new build of ViciousMIUI Jelly BeanMIUI has been updated to JZO54K Android version 4.1.2Permissions Manager (MIUI Superuser App) working on first boot now (Thanks MIUI.us and rlasalle15 for the fix in "strings")All builds are directly from MIUI China and deodexed and converted over to English and ported to the GNex by me..Full changelog provided via video!! Press play and enjoy!!
Please Read in Regards to Root Apps (THIS IS NOW FIXED)
Download Links:
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
If there are any issues while testing or using please contact me directly.. I was trying a few different things and I know there were some issues a few builds back with a couple apps and also last build had an issue with WiFi, that should all be fixed now.. Please again any issues contact me ASAP and I will fix it immediately!!! Thanks guys.............. Rock out with ya c**k out!!!! LOL
ViciousMIUI-V4.1.1-JellyBean's
ViciousMIUI-V4.1-JB-2.10.26
MD5SUM
ViciousMIUI-V4.1-JB-2.10.19
MD5SUM
MD5SUM
ViciousMIUI-V4.1-JB-2.9.29
MD5SUM
MD5SUM
MD5SUM
MD5SUM
MD5SUM
MD5SUM
MD5SUM
MD5SUM
MD5SUM
Credits to:
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________d225e26594c10a4e9b6b1e0d494595b5bfbec00e736476f6987ad80b67235f40531cd3600fed38a880832334fafc08fbbed416e3da66b0aae4a0a47ee714e39aa3853d3a637dd08d69b50d90d5623ef9d033eb2da91d39567cf0805b0b6b728e521d02693f0538e45790f727fddba72f92d30f0dace6e920cc08bc70c564890a72d4dfa9f977309db373f0029686b885e8086565186ba42478483cf742e217d3a58dd1758f93f96714c53ab9ea6ca603ed48ae25d24928a16bdf114e3d7eb518_________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Donations are never mandatory and you shouldn't feel obligated to do so but if you do it is very much appreciated!!
https://www.paypal.c...G.gif:NonHosted
Feel free to hit me on:
Twitter @Paullie_Vicious
GTalk & GMail - paullielaino@gmail.com
Edited by DroidVicious, 26 October 2012 - 07:10 PM.
MILFORD, Connecticut (Reuters) - The Connecticut General Assembly overwhelmingly approved compromise legislation on Wednesday to prevent public release of homicide victim photos, videos and some audiotapes in response to the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting rampage.
Dannel Malloy, Governor of Connecticut speaks to mourners gathererd inside the St. Rose of Lima Roman Catholic Church at a vigil service for victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting that left at least 27 people dead - many of them young children - in Newtown, Connecticut, December 14, 2012. REUTERS/Andrew Gombert/Pool
After legislative maneuvering that pushed the vote into the pre-dawn hours, the state Senate voted 33-2 and the Connecticut House of Representatives voted 130-2 to pass the bill that establishes a new exemption under the state's Freedom of Information Act.
Governor Dannel Malloy was expected to sign the bill, which could be used to keep from public view some images and audiotapes concerning not only the Sandy Hook massacre of 26 children and school staff in Newtown, Connecticut, last December, but other homicides as well. Once the governor signs the measure, it will take effect immediately.
The bill prohibits the release of photographs, film, video and other visual images showing a homicide victim if the records could “reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy of the victim or the victim's surviving family members.''
However, parts of 911-call tapes will be made public, according to the bill.
Malloy said his goal initially had been to provide a measure of protection for the families who lost loved ones when a gunman opened fire at Sandy Hook, killing 20 first-grade students and six staff members.
“But the fact is, all families have a right to grieve in private. Those who lose loved ones to violence have a right to protect themselves against further anguish,” Malloy said.
In a joint letter to Malloy opposing the bill, groups including the American Civil Liberties Union, The Connecticut Daily Newspapers Association, Connecticut Broadcasters Association and Connecticut Council on Freedom of Information said the documents were essential to public watchdogs keeping an eye on government.
“We maintain that public access to investigative reports, 9-11 emergency call transcripts and recordings, death certificates, and the like, serve the public's best interest by permitting the public to monitor the performance of its government,” the group wrote.
Initial legislation had been drafted in secret until the Hartford Courant reported on May 21 that the staffs of the state's top prosecutor and the governor's office were working with legislators on a law to suppress the Newtown files.
As part of a compromise, the bill passed on Wednesday included a self-policing measure that would establish a task force of state officials to review the law in action and report its findings early next year to the legislature and governor.
The Sandy Hook violence was one of the worst mass school shootings in U.S. history and revived the gun control debate in the United States.
On Sept. 20, Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory in the Caribbean islands. The hurricane struck as a Category 4 storm marked by torrential rain and forceful winds, devastating conditions that left the much of the island in ruins.
This came right after Hurricane Irma left one million without power in early September. Hurricane Maria was far more damaging, leaving the vast majority of Puerto Ricans without access to critical supplies such as electricity or clean water. These are critical elements in the prevention of a public health crisis, and we're simply not doing enough.
ADVERTISEMENT
We
know the importance of preparation and have several systems in place to brace us for an event, known or unknown, to help us react efficiently in the face of crisis. We develop policy, perform drills regularly and ensure that adequate supply and processes are in place to prevent disruption of services or to handle a spike in patient admittance.
These systems and processes guided us through the intense time following the horrific Pulse nightclub mass shooting of 2016.
However such health system specific preparedness efforts occur in the geographic and societal context of the communities where those health systems are located. And it can be this larger context with its own uniqueness, infrastructure characteristics, assets and challenges that drive preparedness and response related outcomes in the face of natural disasters, as unfolding in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria.
Puerto Rico faces an uphill battle dealing with disaster compared to states on the mainland for many reasons. Suboptimal economic growth, resultant fiscal crises, national debt, and poverty have been major challenges. These elements are important to note because often following a natural disaster, the most vulnerable groups: the poor, the elderly, the children, the disabled, the ones with special needs, the ones who are in remote, rural areas or even urban poor in overcrowded areas tend to be disproportionately affected. Relative to the Puerto Ricans living on the U.S. mainland, many disparities exist, including e.g., lower household incomes and higher child poverty.
On a backdrop of a decade long recession, and continued migration to the U.S. mainland, there is a high demand for care. Several structural challenges exist for the Puerto Rican health care system, involving the privatization of the public health care system and the rise of managed care; the aging of the population along with high rates of poverty and chronic diseases (e.g., high blood pressure and diabetes); economic instability and low private-sector tax base of the commonwealth; and the high cost of living.
The risk of disease rises when access to safe drinking water, sanitation systems, and running water and soap for handwashing is limited. After natural disasters, outbreaks of communicable disease can occur especially when populations are displaced; waterborne infections, vector-borne infections (e.g., Zika, dengue) and overcrowding related conditions may be seen. Though progress is being made, field reports indicate continued challenges, in reestablishing power, communication, food and clean drinking water supplies and hospital-based care delivery. Fuel, which is needed to distribute aid when rations ultimately arrive to the island, is in dangerously short supply.
To administer health care to people in need, the island is in desperate need of power. The impact of downed power lines and the shortage of gas are felt across all spectrums of patients. Diabetic patients who require their medications refrigerated, patients in the ICU who need ventilators, chronically disabled patients who rely on equipment — all require power to survive. In the absence of electricity, a hospital's primary fallback is to rely on generators functioning on fuel.
If these patients don't receive the power they need, months by some estimate, their conditions will deteriorate. Loss of power can result in a domino effect with greater amounts of disease and disability, and even resultant death.
It can be argued that Puerto Rico being a U.S. territory should receive response funding comparable to that which mainland states saw in the wake of earlier hurricanes. Expectations may arise for levels of assistance sufficient to effectively address the physical, social, political, economic and health challenges presented by this natural disaster. At the time of this article, it is likely that for Puerto Rican residents so deeply impacted by Maria, overall response efforts have been slower than anticipated.
As a matter of not only principle but strategic application of the most current relevant science we have, hurricane events like Maria must focus and unify our attention as a society. The relevant issues are important for us as a country not only on the contiguous states affected by hurricanes like Florida, Texas and others, but also on our territories, which are even less suited to deal with the adverse effects of natural disasters than we are in the states.
The response to the damage caused by Hurricane Maria should teach us three major lessons related to health care preparedness and response: the need for continued vigilance related to response times in the aftermath of natural disasters; proactively facilitating the longer term investment needed for full recovery and mitigation of continued damage to health, property and infrastructure; and that territories like Puerto Rico face unique challenges in responding to such natural disasters. Economic disparities — related to both root causes and resultant effects, exacerbate the issues and need to be addressed through the social justice lens, especially in matters of health.
Dr. Asim Jani is an infectious disease physician at Orlando Health.
The time to buy peanut butter is now, friends. The Wall Street Journal reports that prices for Jif, Peter Pan, and other peanut butter jars will be going up as much as 40% starting in a couple of weeks.
In just one year, the wholesale price of peanuts has skyrocketed from $450 a ton to $1,150 a ton, thanks to Mother Nature and human folly. As a result:
Wholesale prices for big-selling Jif are going up 30% starting in November, while Peter Pan will raise prices as much as 24% in a couple weeks...Skippy [prices] are 30% to 35% higher than a year ago. Kraft Foods Inc., which launched Planters peanut butter in June, is raising prices 40% on Oct. 31
Advertisement
Invest now in a few jars of your favorite peanut butter brand (and, presumably, peanuts too) before this food staple becomes a luxury item. Photo by Stephen Depolo.
Peanut-Butter Makers Face Crunch | The Wall Street Journal via Gawker
Peanut Butter Now Too Expensive for You Bad news for those of you planning to ride out this recession on a diet of peanut butter and jelly, … Read more Read
Advertisement
You can follow or contact Melanie Pinola, the author of this post, on Twitter or Google+.
To her supporters, Irving, Texas Mayor Beth Van Duyne is a tough-as-nails politician who's not afraid to take on Islam.
To her critics, Van Duyne is a fear-monger who stokes the flames of Islamophobia.
So both Van Duyne's fans and foes can surely find a talking point in the Monday incident where Irving police arrested 14-year-old Ahmed Mohamed for bringing a homemade clock to school that they thought looked like a “movie bomb.”
Van Duyne first made headlines for challenging Islam in February, when she wrote a Facebook post vowing to look into a “Shariah law court” that was said to have been set up by an Irving mosque.
“While I am working to better understand how this ‘court' will function and whom will be subject to its decisions, please know that if it is determined that there are violations of basic rights occurring, I will not stand idle and will fight with every fiber of my being against this action,” she wrote.
But the “Shariah law court” wasn't actually headquartered in Irving, which abuts Dallas, nor did it have anything to do with the Islamic Center of Irving. A note on the homepage of Dallas' Islamic Tribunal, which settle civil disputes between Muslims for a fee, aimed to disambiguate the two.
“Media speculation has led members of the local community to wonder if the Islamic Center of Irving is facilitating ‘Shariah Courts' at the Mosque,” the Islamic Tribunal's website read. “The management of the Islamic Center of Irving categorically declares that no such court operates on the center's premises. No other mosque in the area operates such courts. However, the Islamic Tribunal that operates in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex, independent of the mosques, to address a genuine need within our faith community for intra-community arbitration.”
Then in March, Van Duyne threw her support behind a bill that would forbid Texas judges from using foreign law in their rulings. The bill's author, state Rep. Jeff Leach (R), had said the bill would solve the “problem” of the Islamic Tribunal in Dallas, according to the Dallas Morning News.
Van Duyne made the conservative media rounds to talk about the “American laws for American courts” effort, giving interviews to Dana Loesch and Glenn Beck. She spoke with Frank Gaffney, the founder of the anti-Muslim think tank Center for Security Policy, on his radio show. Conspiracy theory site WND ran a piece on Van Duyne under the headline “Mayor Takes Stand Against Muslim Shariah Courts.”
She also capitalized on the newfound attention with a Facebook fundraising plea.
“Recent events have put me under attack and I need your help now! Stand with me to help me fight for conservative values and the Constitution,” she wrote on March 25.
Amid criticism of her support for Leach's bill, Van Duyne turned to the editorial pages of The Dallas Morning News to further propagate what she saw as a non-controversial message.
“To me, this is about making sure people, especially women, understand our nation guarantees certain rights and liberties, and those should not be surrendered,” she wrote in The Dallas Morning News. “It is baffling to comprehend the amount of controversy generated by my support as mayor of Irving for a state law that simply asks family law judges to uphold American fundamental constitutional rights when deciding a case that involves a conflicting foreign law.”
By July, it was The Dallas Morning News' editorial board that chastised Van Duyne for traveling to speak to tea party activists instead of focusing on the needs of the community she represents.
“Van Duyne's focus on the city's growth earned her our recommendation in 2014. But we also urged her to build ‘cooperation and unity,'” the editorial read. “She's failed at that part of the job. An important part of Irving's population is Muslim, and the city is home to a major mosque.”
“Van Duyne could spend her time more productively by reaching out the local Muslim community instead of catering to tea party voters who feed on fear about Islam and relish shots at the press,” the editorial continued.
While Van Duyne had spent the better part of the past eight months speaking out against Sharia law, she did not mention Mohamed's background in a Wednesday Facebook post reacting to his arrest.
“I do not fault the school or the police for looking into what they saw as a potential threat,” she wrote. “They have procedures to run when a possible threat or criminal act is discovered. They follow these procedures in the sole interest of protecting our children and school personnel…I hope this incident does not serve as a deterrent against our police and school personnel from maintaining the safety and security of our schools.”
She went on to write that she hoped the incident wouldn't discourage Mohamed or other students from pursuing their passion for engineering.
No charges were ultimately filed against Mohamed, who has since been invited to visit the White House, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the University of Texas at Austin and Facebook's headquarters.
Caitlin Cruz contributed to this report.
TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Warplanes from Libya's internationally recognized government carried out air strikes on a Tripoli airport on Thursday just hours before United Nations-backed peace talks were due to start in Morocco.
Smoke rises after an airstrike hit Maitiga airport early Thursday morning, in Tripoli March 5, 2015. REUTERS/Hani Amara
Libya has two rival governments with armed forces battling for control of the North African state, where Islamist militants are also profiting from turmoil to gain ground four years after the civil war that ousted Muammar Gaddafi.
The North African OPEC state declared force majeure and halted production on 11 oilfields late on Wednesday because of deteriorating security after Islamist fighters overran the Bahi and Mabrouk fields in the central Sirte basin.
The jets attacking Tripoli hit an open area near the runway at Maitiga airport, but caused no major damage and the airport was operating normally, a security source at the airport said.
“We, the dignity forces, conducted airstrikes this morning on Maitiga airport. We will never stop until we liberate Tripoli from militias,” Mohammed Hejazi, a spokesman for the forces, told Reuters, referring to rival faction Libya Dawn.
Most diplomats and foreign companies pulled out of Libya in the summer when fighting escalated. Libya Dawn, an alliance of former rebel brigades mostly loyal to Misrata city, took over the capital and set up its own self-declared government.
Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni's internationally recognized government and the elected House of Representatives now operate out of the east. They are backed by fighters from Zintan in the west, and by Gen. Khalifa Haftar, a former Gaddafi ally who began a campaign against Islamist militants.
Delegates from the two factions are holding U.N.-backed peace talks in Morocco on Thursday to try to resolve the crisis, form a unity government, broker a ceasefire and put Libya's transition back on track. Previous rounds of talks made little concrete progress and fighting has worsened.
Libya declared force majeure on Wednesday at the Mabrouk, Bahi, Dahra, Jufra, Tibesti, Ghani, En Nagha, Al-Samah,Beda,Waha, and Defa oil fields.
Related Coverage Libyan government forces say to halt air strikes for peace talks
That move came after Islamist militants, claiming loyalty to Islamic State, attacked three fields. Mabrouk and Bahi fields have been overrun and destroyed, one security official tied to the recognized government said.
A third oilfield al-Dahra, was caught up in clashes on Wednesday. Officials were not immediately able to give details on its status on Thursday.
Libya's production is currently around 400,000 barrels per day, less than half the 1.6 million bpd it produced before the NATO-backed war that ousted Gaddafi in 2011.
Science and archaeology offer insights into ancient artifacts that could be linked to Jesus Christ. " Finding Jesus: Fact. Faith. Forgery ," premieres Sunday Night, March 1 at 9pm ET/PT on CNN.
(CNN) I heard a news clip promoting my recent speaking engagement at a church, and they mentioned that I deal with some of "the greatest sinners of all time."
I thought to myself: Do I? Would people who are caught up in porn and sexual sin addictions consider themselves some of the greatest sinners of all time? Probably not.
Without a doubt, Judas, the biblical disciple of Jesus, is considered the greatest sinner of all time because of what he did to Jesus.
Here is the passage from Luke 22:21-22.
Do you realize that the hand of the one who is betraying me is at this moment on this table? It's true that the Son of Man is going down a path already marked out.
No surprises there. But for the one who turns him in - who turns traitor to the Son of Man - this is doomsday.
Let me tell you a little bit about what the Bible says about Judas:
He was personally chosen to be an apostle by Jesus.
He spent 3 1/2 years traveling with Jesus.
He saw all the miracles of Christ in person.
He watched as Christ healed the sick, raised the dead and cast out demons.
In terms of experience with Jesus, whatever you can say about Peter, James and John, you can say about Judas.
On top of all this, he handled the money, which is most of the time the most trusted one in the bunch. No one suspected that Judas would betray Jesus, which tells me he was a believer.
His life was changed.
He knew Jesus personally.
In a dark moment of his life, he made a mistake. A big one. He sold Jesus out for 30 silver coins or so. The moment he knew what he had done, he felt remorse, and he killed himself.
JUST WATCHED Does this codex reveal why Judas betrayed Jesus? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Does this codex reveal why Judas betrayed Jesus? 01:20
JUST WATCHED 'Jesus wanted to be sacrificed' Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Jesus wanted to be sacrificed' 00:59
I am not here to debate theology. The facts are the facts. I don't think Judas was "The Mole," like the reality show character who's there to sabotage the game from the beginning. I think he made a mistake and now has gone down as committing the biggest sin of all time.
Judas heard every message, saw every miracle, and still screwed up.
Recently, I asked on my Facebook page: "Is Judas in heaven or hell?"
The first response was:
Judas is in hell today. He has been there for 2,000 years and he will be there forever.
There is a button on Facebook that I have started to love. It is called "unfriend." I won't unfriend you because you believe differently than I do, I just don't need more theologians as my friends on Facebook who speak with such confidence when it comes to someone's place in eternity.
A debate continues on my Facebook wall. I love how everyone is so convinced they know whether Judas is in heaven or hell.
I don't know who gets in, actually. Do I believe in heaven and hell? Yes. I believe one is dark and one is light, and they both last forever.
What is interesting to me is that in the upper room where Jesus and his disciples shared their last supper together, the 12 disciples all talked about how they were so great. Peter left the room and denied Jesus three times. Judas left the room and sold Jesus out for 30 coins.
One committed suicide, and one went on to build the church as we know it today. Both Peter and Judas committed the same sin. They both denied Jesus. But why do most people think one goes to heaven and one goes to hell?
This is not the debate Christians need to be engaged in. We don't know. Instead of wasting our time on these types of arguments inside our little Christian world, maybe we should look inside ourselves this Easter.
It is easier to debate these issues and make speculations about others than it is to actually look at ourselves in the mirror. It is always easier to think someone else is worse off then we are.
But maybe as we approach Easter, we can be reminded that for Christians, the cross and the grave should silence all of these debates. We all fall short and deserve death, but because of what Jesus did on the cross 2,000 years ago, we are able to have life. And I believe that where you end up, God only knows.
New Blast of Innovation from Apple Inc.
Apple Inc. continues to be the leading multinational company with its unwavering innovations in the world of technology. On its mind blowing event last October 22, Apple Inc. unleashed its new set of advanced designs of iPads and Macbooks, marked by enhanced interface and flabbergasting applications.
iPad Revolution
Incredibly thin and light, iPad Air falls close to the quarter of the size of previous-generation iPad. Subtle changes are then apparent in its interface with thinner bezels on its side and narrower overall width. Added to that is its aluminium unibody construction which complements its slimmer surface with a solid touch, making it more handy and easier to grasp. More than its sophisticated construction, iPad Air takes in an upgraded 64-bit A7 processor, along with the M7 motion processor. Designed with the A7 chip, this one-pound device brings to you a more efficient power usage and a longer lasting battery life. For a greater performance, iPad Air also encompasses two antennas for MIMO (multiple input multiple output) and more LTE bands which makes you connected to a wider range of areas. Available in 16GB, 32 GB, 64GB and 128 GB models, iPad air gives you choices on its color— White/Silver and Space Gray/Black. It will go on sale this Nov. 1 with the starting price of $500 in the USA. We will soon report it's price and availability in the Philippines.
iPad mini with retina, on another note, is the latest version of iPad that comes with a 2048 x 1536 resolution screen. As assured by the company, it is a concentration, rather than a reduction, implying that this new version is packed with much advanced innovations inside. iPad mini, in essence, is boosted by its retina display, A7 chip, M7 coprocessor, two antennas for MIMO and more LTE bands. Also noteworthy is its applications like 5-megapixel iSight Camera and FaceTime HD camera. With a starting price of $399, this iPad mini with retina is available on Space Gray and Silver colors which will be out at market on late November.
Mac: Newest Versions
A more advanced Mac Pro was conferred by the Apple. The release of the new Mac Pro is on December with a starting cost of $2999. Looking at the computer, you will see a cylindrical high- powered machine which will be formed in the United States. During the event, it is accentuated that Mac Pro is a noiseless gadget with a power saving ability which is much better than the old one. The new Mac pro is 6.6 inches in diameter and 9.9 inches in height. Some of its distinct features can transport up to 20 Gbps of its frequency to each external device.
Moreover, Apple revealed amazing features during the most awaited event. A sample is OS X Mavericks which is definitely for people to enjoy. This is much efficient and high speed browser which contains an iCloud keychain that is very necessary so you don't have to worry once you have forgotten your password in each site. Some of the incredible apps that will awaken Mac users' lives are new Maps and iBooks applications.
True enough, Apple Inc. has made another remarkable innovation in technological sense. With its advanced creations, Apple Inc. has certainly made another mark in history. In turn, Apple Inc. has lived up to its vision of “bringing the best personal computing experience to students, educators, creative professionals and consumers around the world through its innovative hardware, software and Internet offerings.” ‘We still have a lot to cover' — Apple Inc. team have proven their words and for that, a big applause for them!
{ Sources 1, Source 2, Source 3 }
A woman suspected of wanting to travel to Syria to join jihadists has been arrested.
The 25-year-old was detained in Bedfordshire by counter-terrorism officers from Scotland Yard.
She was arrested on suspicion of preparing acts of terrorism in connection with Syria.
It is understood the woman was allegedly planning to head to the war-torn country.
There has been growing concern over the number of women travelling to Syria to join jihadists.
The arrested woman has been taken to a central London police station where she remains in custody.
Two addresses in Bedfordshire are being searched as part of the investigation.
A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: "Officers from SO15 Counterterrorism Command have this morning arrested a 25-year-old woman in Bedfordshire on suspicion of preparation of terrorist acts contrary to section 5 of the Terrorism Act 2006.
"She has been taken to a central London police station where she remains in custody.
"Two addresses in Bedfordshire are being searched as part of the investigation.
"This investigation is related to Syria."
The woman's arrest is the latest in a string of police raids on people living in Britain suspected of terror offences linked to the bloody conflict in Syria.
Last week, five men appeared in court accused of conspiring to shoot dead police and soldiers in London in a terror plot inspired by Islamic State - the jihadist militant group which has beheaded a number of Britons and other westerners in Syria.
The terror group, which is also known as Isis and Isil, wants to create an Islamic state across Syria and Iraq. It has been accused by human rights group Amnesty International of turning Iraq into "blood-soaked killing fields".
It is estimated that around 500 Britons have travelled to Syria to fight.
Some Facts on the Dead Island Trailer and the Game Itself
Michael Perry February 24, 2011 2:30:01 PM EST
Last week, the Dead Island trailer unleashed on the gaming community and created a huge buzz about the game. What is this game exactly and who is responsible for this amazing trailer? The trailer shows no gameplay but involves a family being overrun with zombies. Before we dive into the video itself though, let's solve some details about what this game actually is.
Aubrey Norris, new PR and Market Manager for Deep Silver, confirmed with TheGamersHub that the game is actually a First-Person Melee style game not relying heavily on guns. Guns do exist in the game, but are not the center of combat. Set on a tropical island named Banoi, Dead Island will be an open world game and include RPG elements, which seems more and more games are bringing RPG elements to help flesh out their games. The biggest news in my opinion is that this game will feature four-player co-op, something that I believe adds an abundance of replay value as long as it works great and you have friends that also want to join.
The game is being developed by Techland of Call of Juarez fame but is not responsible for the trailer. The creators are called Axis which is a UK based animation studio responsible for a handful of game trailers working on titles like Tron and Enslaved. I do believe Dead Island is their best work though; it's even sparked interest with movie producers about making Dead Island into a feature film.
The score combined with how the trailer is paced really sets a new benchmark for how game trailers should be handled. It alone has brought in millions of views in only a couple of days and has the whole community buzzing about the game. This puts Techland in a spot though where they have a high benchmark to live up to. Remember the famous Killzone 2 trailer at E3 where nobody thought it was possible to have gameplay look that nice? Let's just hope the game can live up to what Axis has created; I will say they are off to a great start though.
“When we were initially approached by Deep Silver about Dead Island we were really excited about the idea of getting to grips with zombies.” said Axis Executive Producer Richard Scott. “As we started to collaborate with the Deep Silver team on the story ideas and creative treatments we felt that there was something else special about this opportunity.”
The trailer really plays on the emotional aspect of the little girl and the family having to see their daughter turn into a zombie. You see the dad throwing the girl through the window after being bitten, which means that whole happy family is dead. There is no way the trembling mom holding the knife survived that wave of attacks. It also is popular largely in part for the music chosen to help set the mood of what is happening. Try to watch the trailer with the volume turned down, it just doesn't have the same impact. That's why trailers like the Inception trailer was so popular, not only was the editing nice, but the sound effects really stood out to the viewer.
“Deep Silver were really keen to create something different, something that would really stand out and when they put forward the initial idea for the ‘reverse' sequence I saw the seed of something great there.” said Axis director Stuart Aitken. “Working with the Deep Silver team has been fantastic.” continued Aitken. They put a huge amount of faith and trust in me and the rest of the team and it has paid off for everyone.”
Like I stated above, Techland has set a high benchmark, and hopefully can deliver when the game ships sometime in 2011.
Uruguay's President Tabare Vazquez has reiterated his government's commitment to continue the legalized sale of recreational cannabis in pharmacies, despite protests by banks worried about running afoul of international regulations.
The country's ruling party, the Broad Front, has been dealing with controversy after popular former President Jose “Pepe” Mujica denounced the country's banking industry for refusing to work with pharmacies who legally sell cannabis. Vazquez has sought to quell the debate about the future of the law, ruling out any return to policies of prohibition.
“He's completely right to defend this law … We will continue taking the necessary steps to ensure this law can be applied correctly, without damaging the country's economy or investments,” said Vazquez, according to El Observador.
Banks have complained that any involvement in the country's cannabis industry would prevent them from carrying out transactions with their international counterparts due to regulations outlawing the acceptance of money tied to drugs, leading to the financial isolation of their clients.
“As a global bank with clients in various countries, we have to observe the various norms in force in those places,” a source with Banco Santander of Spain said.
In response, pharmacies are warning that they may need to cease cannabis sales due to the banking restrictions.
“The truth is we did not know … that this could happen,” Economy Minister Danilo Astori was quoted as saying by La Republica newspaper. “A way will have to be found and we are looking for one.”
The anti-prohibition law was introduced by Mujica and went into effect in 2013. The former president argued that legalization would stem violence and crime by undermining illegal drugs trafficking and organized crime while also promoting education on the substance, which would result in its responsible usage.
The law gave Uruguayans above the age of 18 three options for obtaining cannabis. Users could either grow the plant at home, form cannabis clubs or collectives to produce and distribute the bud among members, or directly purchase it from pharmacies.
Two state-directed private companies also produce cannabis, which is sold to customers limited to the purchase of 40 grams per month. Two varieties are available for customers in a smokeable form, who can buy five-gram packages at a rate of US$1.30 per gram. Cannabis-infused products commonly known as edibles, which are popular among medical users, are not widely available.
While reform advocates and social movements greeted the law as progressive and innovative, the law remains unpopular among most Uruguayans. Out of 3.4 million citizens, only 12,000 people are registered users.
“If this gets blocked, then the whole Parliament will be blocked,” warned Mujica, now a senator, whose Broad Front party has a majority in the legislature.
Julio Calzada, an architect of the law, said the country must reach out to financial institutions in the U.S. states like Colorado and Washington, where recreational cannabis is legal, to find ways to circumvent the international legal restrictions.
“There are alternatives,” Calzada said, “but not in Uruguay.”
Similar issues have arisen in the U.S., where state laws regulating cannabis sales conflict with federal laws. In Uruguay, however, businesses are reliant on their banks due to laws requiring that all employees be paid by direct deposit.
Telesur English
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - An oil embargo is one tactic the European Union could use to press for a solution to the crisis in Libya, according to a discussion paper drawn up by the EU's diplomatic service.
A tank truck exits from the main gate of the Zawiya refinery and oil port towards the local market, December 18, 2013. REUTERS/Ismail Zitouny
The embargo was one of a range of options in the confidential paper, seen by Reuters, which will serve as a basis for talks among EU foreign ministers in Brussels on Monday.
Another “drastic measure”, which should only be considered as a last resort if Libya descended into full-scale civil war, could be the freezing of the Libyan central bank's overseas assets, the paper said.
The possibility of an oil embargo as a means of applying pressure for a resolution of the Libyan crisis has been discussed by the EU's 28 member states, the paper said.
However, it made clear that pushing for the United Nations to adopt an oil embargo would be risky.
“This ... would put pressure on parties to cease hostilities and participate in the dialogue process. However, this option should be considered with the greatest caution as it would take a heavy toll on the Libyan economy and society, and may trigger unforeseen reactions,” the options paper said.
“Should the option of an oil embargo be considered, a starting point would be to request the U.N. to look into this possibility,” it said.
One EU diplomat said that, in preliminary discussions, it had become clear that an oil embargo was “basically a no-go” because it would hurt Libya's population as a whole.
IMPACT
The paper said that an oil embargo on Libya would have limited economic impact on European importers of Libyan oil because sharp swings in Libyan oil production had already forced buyers to look for alternatives.
The paper estimated Libyan oil production at 200,000 barrels a day now, down from 900,000 barrels a day in November.
However, the paper said an oil embargo would have drawbacks and pointed out that the United Nations already bans illegal exports of oil from Libya.
The EU is seeking ways to support U.N. special envoy Bernardino Leon's efforts to broker a solution to Libya's political crisis. Libyan factions agreed to continue U.N.-backed negotiations in Geneva next week, the U.N. said.
Nearly four years after a NATO-backed revolt ousted Muammar Gaddafi, Libya is in turmoil with two rival governments and two parliaments backed by allied armed factions.
The EU paper said the “worst-case scenarios of civil war and the disintegration of Libya itself” seemed to be real possibilities and must be avoided.
One option the EU could consider, the paper said, was to work with key partners to draw up a shortlist of Libyans who could face sanctions for undermining peace efforts.
The paper also detailed a range of economic measures the EU could consider taking to stop Libya's resources being exploited for military or political purposes, such as supervising the financial assets of the Libyan central bank, or in the worst case scenario freezing the bank's overseas assets.
The paper raised the possibility of NATO again taking on the task it carried out in 2011 of enforcing a U.N. arms embargo on Libya.
Image: raymondclarkeimages
The UK is a prolific exporter of surveillance technology, ranging from IMSI-catchers that can monitor mobile phones to internet mass surveillance equipment.
Now, according to newly published data from the UK's Department for International Trade, the country granted a license to export surveillance technology to Turkey earlier this year. That in itself may not be very surprising—the UK has greenlit surveillance exports to Turkey in the past—but the license comes at a time when Turkey is undergoing a particularly potent wave of crackdowns and oppression against dissent, including the incarceration of journalists and human rights defenders.
"It is ethically challenging to grant the sale of these tools where the accused has little or no access to justice in the context of an ongoing state of national emergency as exists in Turkey," Alp Toker, founder of digital rights group Turkey Blocks, told Motherboard in an email.
On Tuesday, the Department for International Trade released details of export licenses handled between January 1 and March 31 2017. Included in those licenses is one to Turkey relating to "software for telecommunications interception equipment" for a law enforcement agency. As Motherboard found through the Freedom of Information Act, this term often refers to items related to IMSI-catchers, potentially used to intercept phone calls or texts over a wide area, or systems for intercepting calls from satellite phones, but the government's latest data does not name a particular product or piece of technology.
Motherboard has also found the UK previously granted other exports to Turkey specifically for IMSI-catchers, including a "compact" version. The UK has greenlit at least seven exports of surveillance technology to Turkey.
THE CRACKDOWN
Last year, Turkey ordered the closure of more than a hundred media outlets and arrested dozens of journalists after a coup attempt. During the three months the UK government granted this latest license export, Turkey dismissed 4,400 public servants, dissidents raised claims of torture, and Human Rights Watch said the Turkish government jailed members of the democratic opposition. According to The Guardian, Turkey now imprisons more journalists than any other country in the world.
The country also faces a serious threat of terrorism, especially considering that neighboring Syria is a home for ISIS. On New Year's Eve, a gunman killed at least 39 people in Istanbul.
"It's scandalous that the UK are still providing these tools to Turkey. We have documented the human rights crackdown that has been going on in that country over the past year since the attempted coup, well before this license was granted, and it's obvious the human rights risks this export poses," Joshua Franco, a technology and human rights researcher at Amnesty International told Motherboard in an email. On Tuesday, a Turkish court ordered the arrest of Amnesty's Turkey director as well as five other human rights activists.
A Department for International Trade spokesperson told Motherboard in an email, "The UK government takes its defence export responsibilities very seriously and operates one of the most robust export control regimes in the world." The spokesperson said the UK examines each application on a case-by-case basis, and draws from NGO reports and other resources. "We have suspended or revoked licences when the level of risk changes and we constantly review local situations."
For Franco from Amnesty, that doesn't fit with the UK granting a recent license to export to Turkey.
"It's not enough to say that surveillance equipment is intended for use by law enforcement if they haven't done a meaningful analysis of the risks that poses. If law enforcement think it's legitimate to arrest human rights defenders, including Amnesty's own staff, the UK need to make sure they are not complicit in the Turkish government's crackdown," he said.
Got a tip? You can contact this reporter securely on Signal at +44 20 8133 5190, OTR chat at jfcox@jabber.ccc.de, or email joseph.cox@vice.com
Thomas Nast's drawing of draft rioters in Printing House Square. Image courtesy of Hachette Book Group
New York City has a reputation of being a liberal place, but the history of New York is much more convoluted and conservative than most textbooks would have you believe. John Strausbaugh, the author of the new book City of Sedition: The History of New York City During the Civil War, writes that New York was perhaps the most pro-slavery city in the North and fought hard to prevent the Civil War from happening.
NYC also benefitted greatly from slavery: It's the same things that make New York the rich and attractive place today that made it a partner in slavery leading up to the war, namely its ties to finance and commodities trading. New York was enriched by slavery, and then enriched again by the war effort.
Strausbaugh has made a living writing detailed histories of New York (his last book was a 400-year history of New York's Greenwich Village), and City of Sedition is no different in its expansive coverage of the city during the Civil War. It documents the surge of immigrants before the war, the fights between local politicians in the city and abolitionists in Washington, and the role of finance in both hindering the war effort and supporting it once it got underway. It's a history of the Civil War told through the lives of its constituents—newspapermen, politicians, activists, immigrants. But it's also a profile of a rambunctious, complicated, and counterintuitive city—a profile that still feels applicable to New York today. VICE spoke with the author this week to get his take on why this history of New York has been mostly forgotten.
An artist's rendition of New York City and Brooklyn in the 1850s, looking north.
VICE: For starters, when you think of New York City, you never really think of the Civil War. You think of Washington, DC, Abraham Lincoln, and the South. As you write in your book, New York was such a huge part of the war effort, so why do you think it's never really talked about?
John Strausbaugh: New York's giant impact on American affairs was no secret at the time. But over the years, the stories about the Civil War have gotten simplified, as they always do as time passes. The story of New York's involvement is messy and confusing and contested, so that's part of the reason it got left out. I think another big reason is that Civil War history is only taught and only spoken about as military history now. We know in minute detail what happened at the battle at Chancellorsville, but we talk less about the larger issues and how the war happened, and that's where New York plays a big role. The nearest battle to New York was Gettysburg, which was 200 miles away, so it doesn't get spoken about in those kinds of stories.
If New York wasn't a place of battle, how did it affect the Civil War?
New York was arguably the most pro-South, pro-slavery city in the North because it had a very long and deep involvement in the international cotton trade. Cotton blew up in the first half of the 1800s. It went from under a million pounds being exported from the United States around 1800 to more than two billion pounds by 1860. A lot of that was due to New York City's involvement.
New York City banks funded the plantations that spread all across the deep South. New York merchants supplied them everything from their pianos, to their plowshares, to the clothing that they gave their slaves to wear. New York shipped out a significant portion of the cotton that went up to New England and over to England to be milled. Those ships, when they came back bringing other goods back with them, brought them all into New York, where everybody came to buy them. So New York had this very long relationship with slavery and the South, and everybody from the bankers and the businessmen, to the dockworkers and waiters in the hotel restaurants had something to do with the plantation industry and depended on it as much as any plantation owner did.
So New Yorkers were against abolition?
In the decades leading up to the war, New Yorkers were very much against the abolitionists. The majority of New Yorkers were very hostile to Lincoln when he was coming up, and remained opposed to him at every step during the war. But at the same time, New York also had some very key abolitionists, like Horace Greeley, for instance, the editor of the New York Tribune. They tended to be guys from New England who came down to New York, so you have a sort of North-South war going on in New York City that mirrored in its way the war going on in the rest of the country. If it wasn't for Greeley and a small group of very visible, very vocal abolitionists in New York City bringing Lincoln to come speak to the Cooper Union in February of 1860, it's highly unlikely he would have made it into the White House.
New York seems to still play a similar role, in terms of dictating the economy of other states through its finance capital.
Yes, except it's role in the US was even bigger [in the 19th century]. It was the banking center, the media center, the capitol of capital, the shipping center. It was the center of everything, and it was a giant metropolis by 1850s and 1860s standards. If you count Brooklyn, which at the time was a separate city, but a sister city, there were about 1,250,000 people here. That was twice as many people as in Philadelphia, which was the next biggest city. It also had a big political influence because it had all those people in it, and New York state had more electoral votes than any other state in the Union by a large margin. It had a huge impact on everything, and we tend to forget that now because the economy and banking and media and everything has been more spread out and dispersed over the last 30, 40 years. There is no central hub anymore, but it certainly was then.
Governor Seymour's notorious "My Friends Speech" to the draft rioters.
Even though New York didn't have any Civil War-related battles, it still erupted in violence because of the prospect of the end of slavery, right?
New York has always been an immigrant city right from the very start, but huge numbers of them started coming in the 1840s—a lot of them Irish, fleeing the famine and political unrest in Ireland. The other group is German, also fleeing hunger and political unrest in what came to be called Germany (there was no Germany at the time). The Irish, being Catholics who were looked down on in the 1840s and 50s, were on the next to the lowest rung. They were just above black people in New York City, and vastly outnumbered them. There were only about 12,000 free blacks in New York in 1860. And because of their low social status, the black people and Irish people would compete for jobs.
Yet, at the same time, the Irish were terrified that if all the four million slaves in the South were freed, they'd come flooding to the North and take their jobs away. That was a big motivator for the working class, not just the Irish, but the Protestant working class New Yorkers at the time, and it was a big reason they were against abolition and against Lincoln. And so there was a lot of political unrest in New York which sometimes erupted into protest.
We think of New York as this rich, diverse city now, but you say that a lot of that wealth and cosmopolitanism is built on extremely problematic grounds, right?
Yes, and even though many New Yorkers were pro-slavery and opposed the Civil War, once it happened, being New Yorkers, they figured out how to make a profit out of it. The banks lent great amounts of money to the Union's war effort, and much of that money was spent right back in New York for uniforms and horses and food and other supplies. They speculated on gold, which is always in fluctuation during war time. Wall Street went through the roof during the war, so there were people making, in a week, ten times more than the average worker made in a year on Wall Street. They created a whole new class of millionaires called the Shoddy Aristocracy because they weren't old money, but they were brand-new money.
The cotton trade had been cut off at the beginning of the war, so New York businesses had to learn to diversify. They looked west, they built up the railroads, they got into petroleum, they got into wheat. The economy boomed throughout the war, and set the city up to come booming out of the war they had opposed the whole time into a huge post-war time of growth and development, the Gilded Age, which set it up to become the capital of the world in the 20th century. So we are still living in a city that, in large measure, was built during and after the Civil War.
View from the Steeple of St. Paul's Chapel at Broadway and Vesey Street
New York is often thought of as this liberal place. Why did you want to write a book with this kind of counterintuitive history?
New York has always been a very confused and conflicting place. There were some of the most liberal liberals, like Horace Greeley and the New York Times, the latter which was very liberal from the start. At the same time, there were some of the most conservative conservatives here. You had abolitionists and you had people who were fiercely anti-abolitionist and racist, just plain, flat-out racist. I think the city goes up and down in its conservatism and liberalism. Its reputation as a very liberal city is mostly post-World War II, and now I don't think it's nearly the liberal city it was 30 years ago. It's much more conservative now. It fluctuates, but it's always mixed.
You've also written a book about the history of the West Village, and I understand your next book will be about New York, too. Why keep writing about the city?
New York City history is so rich and so deep and it goes back 400 years. Nowhere else in the US can say that, at least in terms of white people. It's so fragmented and so messy and so intricate that you can just dive in and be telling stories for ten more lifetimes. I'm always antsy when I hear people called "experts" in New York City history, because it's too big for any one person to be an expert in. You can be an expert in some corner of it, but even then, it's just too much. I'm a writer and I love writing about history. If you like writing and history, there's no place better to be then New York.
'City of Sedition' is out now. Order it online.
Follow Peter Moskowitz on Twitter.
The OnePlus 3T is still a hot topic in tech circles, while the OnePlus 5 rumors and leaks are constantly coming in, like the rumors that just surfaced. The OnePlus 5 specs have popped up on Weibo (Chinese social network), along with some additional info about the device. Now, it has not been confirmed that the device will be named the OnePlus 5 just yet, as the OnePlus 4 would be a logical next step, but the number 4 is considered to be unlucky in China, so pretty much everyone expects OnePlus to skip that naming and go with the OnePlus 5 instead.
Having said that, the source says that the OnePlus 5 will sport a 3,600mAh battery. Now, the OnePlus 5's battery will, allegedly, charge 25% faster than OnePlus 3T's battery, which is a considerable improvement, though the OnePlus 5's battery was charging extremely fast as it is. In addition to that, the source claims that the device will sport a dual camera setup on the back, as a number of previous rumors / leaks suggested. He also adds that the phone will ship with a horizontal dual camera placement, like the Xiaomi Mi 6, which means that the image that leaked recently is fake. The device's fingerprint scanner will be placed on the front, and its placement will be similar to the one used in the OnePlus 3T, which probably means it will be located below the display.
In addition to all that, the source also says that the engineering unit of the OnePlus 5 comes with 6GB of RAM and 128GB of internal storage, and not 8GB of RAM like some rumors suggested, though there's a possibility that OnePlus might introduce a variant with 8GB of RAM and 256GB of native storage. The source also mentioned a 3.5mm headphone jack, but he could not confirm whether the device will ship with one or not. Now, in addition to all that, it's safe to assume that the phone will be fueled by the Snapdragon 835 64-bit octa-core processor, and that Android Nougat will come pre-installed on the device with the company's OxygenOS on top of it. The OnePlus 5 will probably land next month, so stay tuned.
A massive battle involving more than 2,200 players in main battle is underway in CCP's massively multiplayer online game Eve Online, easily the largest battle in the game's decade-long history, according to Alexander "The Mittani" Gianturco, the CEO of Goonswarm Federation.
An exact real-life currency figure of the in-game damage is not currently cemented, but unconfirmed estimates put the amount at more than $200,000. An automated battle report will be generated from server data once the battle concludes. The current battle stems from 'The Halloween War" which instigated multiple warfares between unofficial political alliances.
"But today's battle happened literally by accident: system control (sovereignty) was dropped in a key staging system due to a mistake," Gianturco told Polygon about the war underway in B-R5 sector in Immensea, a Nulli Secunda system. "This then escalated into the largest battle in Eve history, which delightfully our forces seem to be winning."
Last year, a fight erupted in the lowsec Asakai system after a ship piloted by a member of Goonswarm accidentally jumped into enemy space alone, which escalated as more ships joined the fray to attack and defend. According to Gianturco, the participants in the current fight were involved in last year's battle, which involved more than 2,800 players.
"This is a bigger battle in terms of the hardware and players involved though there's less raw numbers in a single system — this fight is over multiple systems," Gianturco explained. "The main fight is in B-R5, with approximately 2,200 players. The blocs are keeping the numbers intentionally low to make sure our guns don't lag out."
More than 50 Titans, capital class starships, have been destroyed in the 15-hour battle so far. Gianturco estimates that his side has lost 18 to 23 Titans, at the time of writing, and that the other side is down more than 40 Titans so far with "more to come." Notable Titan kills include The Kan's Erebus, which is valued at 222b ISK, or approximately $5,500.
"As vengeance for Asakai goes, it's somewhat ironic; our forces lost three Titans and seven supercarriers last year in Asakai, and lost the battle," he said. "This year we've killed 40+ hostile Titans and we have seven more hours of killing before downtime."
Beginning at 14:30 GMT, there is less than seven hours left of fighting to go. Gianturco explains that their forces — made up of his coalition, the CFC, along with a group called Black Legion and another coalition called the "Russian Bloc" — have already won the battle and all that remains is mopping up work.
"We've already won the fight, what remains are just killing work when someone breaks and tries to run from the field it becomes a rout," he said. "They've lost the ability to kill any more of our Titans and we're still killing theirs, as their force quality has degraded. So this is mop-up as they try to extract."
To check out the battle in action, users dobbb, nick fuzzeh and sdeel are streaming the Eve Online fight on Twitch.tv.
Juneau, AK —
Today, the Bush administration took its third swipe in recent weeks at opening protected areas in America's national forests to logging before it leaves office. A Bush plan announced today puts a "for sale" sign on trees in vast swaths of the nation's largest national forest -- the Tongass rainforest in Alaska.
This move by Bush officials to reverse roadless area protections joins two others made recently in the national forests located in Idaho and Colorado.
"The few remaining roadless areas of our national forests are some of the only safe harbors for America's wildlife. As global warming threatens to dramatically change the landscape we must have the foresight to preserve these last remaining pristine forests for future generations," said Mary Beth Beetham at Defenders of Wildlife. "It's folly for the Bush administration, in its last few months, to work to destroy these areas."
The Bush administration's just-released management plan for the Tongass National Forest will raise no revenue for the U.S. government, as the U.S. taxpayers themselves will have to pay to build the roads the timber companies need to access the forest. The Tongass is the largest national forest in the country.
"With so much of our forest heritage already lost, every roadless acre counts. The spectacular roadless areas in Alaska deserve as much protection as those in every other state," said Larry Edwards with Greenpeace in Sitka, Alaska.
Today's decision is part of the Bush administration's rapidly materializing last-ditch assault on public lands in general and roadless areas in particular.
"The Roadless Rule and the courts have sheltered many of the last, best places in our national forests, even during an administration hostile to forest protection. Now, with one foot out the door, Bush officials are looking for whatever way they can to give away the family silver," said Franz Matzner at the Natural Resources Defense Council.
Tongass logging fell dramatically in the 1990s, and for years now has existed at levels that don't require slicing roads and clearcuts into virgin old-growth forests, as the Forest Service itself has acknowledged.
"The new plan suffers from the same central problem as the old plan. It leaves 2.4 million acres of wild, roadless backcountry areas open to clear-cutting and new logging roads," said Earthjustice attorney Tom Waldo. "The Tongass is worth a whole lot more to the American people as a standing forest than it is as a sea of stumps and logs."
"Today," said Caitlin Hills with American Lands Alliance, "the federal government, in defiance of the facts and the strongly expressed sentiments of the American people to protect all roadless areas, has answered 'fire up the chainsaws.'"
"The Tongass is the crown jewel of our nation's roadless wildlands," said Trish Rolfe at Alaska Sierra Club. "Wild salmon, bears, eagles, and wolves thrive there among moss-draped ancient trees, along crystalline fjords and untamed rivers. It has nine million acres of roadless areas that lack permanent protection. The Bush administration has just put some of the best of them on the chopping block."
In 2003, the Bush administration began to exempt the Tongass from the Roadless Rule, but was unable to proceed with new timber sales in roadless areas due to critical defects in the forest plan. Today's plan was supposed to correct those defects, but still reopens pristine areas to logging and road construction. Because other state-specific exemptions are as yet only plans, the Tongass is the only national forest where such logging would even arguably be allowed.
"All over the Tongass there are roadless wildlands that local people and visitors hold dear, jeopardized by this new plan," said Gregory Vickrey with Tongass Conservation Society. "These are special places critical to the region's incredible fish, deer and other wildlife, world-famous recreational opportunities, cherished subsistence practices, and the businesses and jobs that depend on the region's natural treasures. These are the very things that make Southeast Alaskans most want to live here."
The land management plan released today was ordered more than two years ago by a federal court which concluded that the old plan justifying opening Tongass wildlands for development was invalid due to several factors, including a gross overestimation of demand for Tongass logs. Congress has also expressed concern with Tongass wilderness logging. The House of Representative has voted three times to stop taxpayer dollars from funding new logging roads there.
"The Forest Service is losing money hand over fist on roads that Americans don't even want," said Christy Goldfuss of Environment America.
The Tomb Raider license has been trying to revive itself with a different feel for some time. A first attempt came through the spin off Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light, which took the series back to older adventure genres. However, with the new Tomb Raider prequel, a link to the modern era of games has been set with a large picturesque game oozing with gripping scenes. With enough incentives scattered throughout its island, there is also ample exploration in which to get lost. These are all good signs.
From the starting off point, the visual splendor of cutscenes promises for a game with a dramatic tale. As the first seconds of gameplay begin with a young, frail Lara being trapped and determined to escape, the mood is set for a coming of age story; one with gusto. Camera angles make sure to lure players into the next locale of dark caves, green yet eerie forests or decayed structures and metal cemeteries. More so, these vivid environments get filled with finer details; some of which are quite jarring. Lara will need to pass through corpse-filled escape routes. Human skulls litter the island on which she's marooned. There are even some downright gore moments and not those referring to the many injuries she'll sustain throughout the story. This new Tomb Raider is dark; pitch black at times.
Furthermore, camera angles will try their best to push players towards their objectives with slightly suggestive turns and positions that offer a large scope. Both cutscenes and in-game sections will have a large cinematic feel as mountain tops are shot in ground perspectives, looking up at the searing winds and structures ahead. Climbing cliffs will gently sweep over to the next portion of the game, while retaining the vision of the dooming chasm underneath Lara's feet. Periodic split-second action shots get slowed down for additional reaction time, but also for extra effect. Together with tense orchestras behind these dramatic shots, the presentation is tightly wound around keeping the player locked in and playing onwards to the next chapter.
While our girl starts off as a helpless creature, she'll almost instantly break out of this mold and steadily grow more skillful, which gets built upon organically through an enhancement system. By gaining experience as a survival expert, she'll unlock new skills that will help her carry more, get a better feel for her surroundings and so on. Additionally, she'll be able to collect salvage scraps from many things in order to enhance her equipment. Padding the grip of her gun will help her get a steady aim, holding a lighter in front of her bow will turn her arrows to flaming shots that can burn faraway objects. This upgrade system gets quite creative as time moves on and the entire character enhancement is cleverly disguised at the few resting points scattered across the game, in the form of camp fires. Here, Lara sits down to warm up for a second as she recollects her adventures so far and thinks about where she'll need to go from there.
Once rested, it will be time once more to continue her struggle of man versus the forces of nature. As she skulks around bushes, animals will flee, which she can take down for food. Rippled cliffs help her climb to out of reach places. Obstructed paths can be blasted open or even burned down through a fire element that spreads naturally through certain flammable surfaces. To get a clearer view of all these different options, Lara can trust on her natural instincts that light up an area and pinpoint interactive elements.
When not simply exploring, the raider-to-be will have to fend off predators to would do her harm. Most of these come in human form. Luckily, a resourceful adventurer will be able to use many tools. She'll quickly get hands on a gun and later other more powerful arms to retaliate against deadly force. Additionally, she'll use her stealthy ways to crouch behind cover, get behind enemies and even take them by surprise. Some of these firefights will result in exceptionally explosive combat, with Lara switching between cover as it gets blown up, tearing off entire parts from buildings or lighting up flammable objects to blow up platforms filled with bad people. The best part of this third-person perspective is just how natural animations flow into each other. Hiding behind cover gets detected automatically, without button prompts, while scrambling retains a similar speed with no stunted animation cycles.
This is Tomb Raider's largest selling point: strong, responsive controls. Every bit of action in the game follows a certain flow that never feels like a tacked on part onto another prompt. Lara runs towards cliffs and large leaps automatically detect when to grab ledges, while hopping from one to another goes fluently. Gone are the rigid animation cycles that allow players to jump off a cliff three steps after they've passed the edge or walk routines that feel like the character is skating. Lara moves and reacts in lifelike ways for the gross majority of the time, which sinks players even deeper into this already immersive story.
Add to that a ton of destructible objects in an already livid environment and there will be few moments where it will be apparent that this is a game and not a gloriously spectacular action feature. If that's not enough, the streamlined story progression also allows for additional side exploration at most times, where players can search the environment for collectibles. Lara will examine ancient relics, read up on lost documents and so on. Challenges are hidden in most locales for additional experience or secret tombs have additional puzzles for greater rewards. This is sure to keep any excited adventurer going for quite some time.
Aside from the story campaign, Tomb Raider also tacks on a multiplayer component. It's a bonus, more than anything, as this generic implementation of simple leveling systems and unlocking better equipment in a handful of game modes would otherwise not stand out at all. Still, it makes a decent attempt to adopt the singleplayer elements well, such as plenty of destructible environments and the use of survival instincts to detect enemies in a third-person shooter platform. Matchmaking and team switches can sporadically mess things up, but viewed as an extra it is at least serviceable.
Lara is back and she's more human than ever in this origin story that matches its cinematic atmosphere with intense action, great exploration features and even more fluid controls. This is how adventure games should be; engaging and immersive with plenty of side content that will keep players lost on an unfriendly plane of existence for some time to come.
Daav Valentaten, NoobFeed. (@Daavpuke)
The Denisovans, relatives of the Neanderthals who inhabited Asia before modern humans arrived, are known only from a scattering of small bones and a wealth of DNA data. So far, all of that originates from a single Siberian cave (called Denisova, naturally). Like the Neanderthals, the Denisovans interbred with those modern humans once they arrived. But the modern populations who have the most Denisovan DNA are far from Siberia, occupying southern Asia and some Pacific islands.
Now, a tiny fragment of Denisovan DNA has also been found in a group that's much closer to Siberia: the Tibetans. And all indications are that it helps them adapt to the extreme elevations of the Tibetan plateau.
Large parts of that plateau are 4,000 meters (2.5 miles) above sea level. The populations native to the area have lower infant mortality and higher birth weights than people who have relocated to the area. In addition, the Tibetans have acclimated to the altitude without relying on increased red blood cell counts, which is how most other people respond after spending time at altitude. Higher red blood cell counts mean a more viscous blood, which creates its own health hazard, so this difference is also likely to be very advantageous.
With the advent of molecular genetics, it became possible to determine what is different in the TIbetans' DNA that accounts for their comfort at altitude. Several recent studies have done just that and come up with a variety of genes that appear to be behind it. Many of these studies have identified a gene called EPAS1 as a likely candidate for helping the locals handle the altitude.
Now, a large international team of researchers has gone back and taken a closer look at EPAS1, sequencing the version of the gene in 40 Tibetans and 40 of their close relatives, the Han Chinese. Looking at the 130,000 bases surrounding the gene, they find that there are many differences in this region between the two populations—many more than you'd expect to have occurred in the short time these two populations have been separated. In fact, in a small core area, there are five closely linked changes that are distinct to Tibetans, far more than are likely to accumulate even under the strongest evolutionary selection.
(Nearly distinct to Tibetans, at least. There are two Han individuals, one from Beijing and one from southern China, that also appear to carry a copy of the Tibetan version of this gene.)
To get a better perspective of how this DNA showed up in Tibetans, the researchers started looking at other human genomes from around the world. None of the people from the 1,000 Genomes project had anything that looked like the Tibetan sequence. But a search of the databases turned up one human population who did: the Denisovans. In fact, in the core sequence near EPAS1, the Denisovans shared all five of the changes found in the Tibetans. The similarity extended outside this core region, as well.
In general, the Denisovan contribution to the DNA of Han Chinese is so low that it's been difficult to identify with any certainty. And the population that has the most Denisovan DNA, the Melanesians, doesn't have the Denisovan version of the EPAS1 gene. But the new results clearly indicate that even a small, difficult-to-detect contribution can have dramatic effects on the populations who receive it.
This isn't the first case where versions of genes that were picked up from archaic humans appear to be helpful; other examples involve immune function and skin coloration. This makes a lot of sense, given that the Neanderthals and Denisovans had been living in some environments for tens of thousands of years before modern humans showed up. The authors of the new paper conclude, "we are now also starting to understand that adaptation to local environments may have been facilitated by gene flow from other hominins that may already have been adapted to those environments."
Nature, 2014. DOI: 10.1038/nature13408 (About DOIs).
The desire to micromanage the globe remains strong in Washington. The only certainty is that almost every intervention results in unexpected, and negative, consequences. Which creates pressure for more meddling to redress the new problems.
This phenomenon is evident in Syria. The demand to act against President Bashar al-Assad is rising to a crescendo. Swimming against the flood tide is Daniel Pipes, president of the Middle Eastern Forum. Pipes recently argued that “Western governments should support the malign dictatorship of Bashar Assad.” In fact, he proposed to support most everyone.
It's not that he wants Assad to win. Rather, he would prefer that neither the regime nor the opposition win. Pipes warned that “a rebel victory would hugely boost the increasingly rogue Turkish government while empowering jihadis and replacing the Assad government with triumphant, inflamed Islamists. Continued fighting does less damage to Western interests than letting the Islamists take power.”
But that's not all: “when Assad and Tehran have fought the rebels and Ankara to mutual exhaustion, Western support then can go to non-Baathist and non-Islamist elements.” Thus, Pipes hoped, backing the regime ultimately will yield a moderate government and “a better future.”
The fact that an argument can be made for backing most everyone in Syria's tragic civil war may be the best evidence available that the only sensible course is to stay out.
As a model he pointed to American support for Joseph Stalin's Soviet Union against Adolf Hitler's Nazi Germany during World War II. With two totalitarian powers seeking to gain control of Eurasia, Washington believed it had to choose the lesser of two evils, which was the USSR at the time. After that conflict ended, the U.S. decided it had to contain Moscow.
Pipes also reminded readers that in 1987 he called on the West to back Saddam Hussein's Iraq, which had been on the defensive since 1982 after starting the war two years before. However, “Looking to the future, should Iraq once again take the offensive, an unlikely but not impossible change, the United States should switch again and consider giving assistance to Iran.”
His policy of “propping up the side in retreat” has a certain cold-blooded Realpolitik core. But Pipes greatly overestimates Washington's ability to manipulate international events. American policymakers lack sufficient knowledge of international conflicts and players and sufficient ability to make use of the knowledge that they have to effectively implement such a strategy.
Imagine Washington policymakers trying to carefully calibrate support for Assad so that it is sufficient to prevent his defeat, but not enough to enable his victory. Then to perfectly time a switch in allegiance from government to opposition to maintain the power equilibrium if Assad gained strength. And next to decide when both parties are sufficiently balanced to find new combatants to support. It beggars the mind.
Even if that was possible, how should Washington adjust to unexpected events? Former international prosecutor Carla Del Ponte announced in early May that there were “strong, concrete suspicions but not yet incontrovertible proof” that the Syrian opposition used Sarin gas. How should that change the interventionist equation? Perhaps Washington should bomb both sides simultaneously!
U.S. policy in World War II “worked,” to the extent that backing the Soviet Union can be called a success, because it made no pretense of nuance. Washington and the other allies chose to ally with Moscow and supported the latter all the way. There were a few advocates of the Pipes strategy — for instance, General George Patton suggested arming former Nazi soldiers and attacking the USSR. But most Americans believed that one big world war mid-century was enough.
Moreover, no interventionist policy could avoid the inevitable unintended consequences. A chief example is America's policy in the Persian Gulf, much of which is an outgrowth of actions taken with almost frivolous disregard for consequences six decades ago.
In 1953 Washington fomented a coup against leftist Iranian Prime Minister Mohammed Mossedegh. His replacement, the Shah, was a reliable American ally, but an equally reliable thug. By brutally suppressing more moderate political elements and forcibly modernizing a traditional society he helped trigger the Islamic revolution, which in 1979 brought the Ayatollah Khomeini to power.
Fear of Iranian subversion and aggression in the Gulf led the Reagan administration to back Saddam Hussein after he attacked Iran. Then, believing that he had U.S. support or at least acquiescence, he attempted to swallow neighboring Kuwait. But Washington then intervened against him. However, the U.S. left him in power since it feared creating a power vacuum to be filled by Iran. At the same time, Washington kept troops in Saudi Arabia, which created one of the grievances that impelled Osama bin Laden to strike America on 9/11.
Subsequently the Bush administration invaded Iraq to “drain the swamp,” creating the previously feared vacuum which strengthened Tehran's geopolitical position. If Washington ultimately ends up attacking Iran, the impact could be as extraordinary as it would be unpredictable. Unfortunately, the unintended consequences of the 1953 coup aren't over yet.
Social engineering is hard enough — in fact, well nigh impossible — at home. It is even more difficult overseas. There is no easy way to transcend history, tradition, religion, ethnicity, geography, and much more. That's the obvious reason why intervention so often fails, yielding counterproductive effects never imagined by its supporters.
Syria is among the more difficult cases facing the U.S. Half-steps, such as a no-fly zone, would entangle America without yielding a decisive result. Seizing Syria's chemical weapons stores would ensure their use — against allied troops — and require lots of “boots on the ground.” An even larger occupation force would be required to defeat the regime, restore order, and enforce peace. With a war-weary public and bankrupt government, such a policy would be madness.
This is a time for leadership. To resist the rising pressure to intervene in Syria and other unnecessary conflicts. The fact that an argument can be made for backing most everyone in Syria's tragic civil war may be the best evidence available that the only sensible course is to stay out.
Mop Equipment Type Joke Weapon (Katana) Description A wooden mop made for scrubbing floors Attack 1 Sell 1 G Charmable Fiends Nu
The Mop (モップ, Moppu?) is Crono's weakest weapon, basically a joke weapon, in Chrono Trigger. The mop is obtained by charming a Nu. It has an attack power of 1, despite it being a wooden weapon akin to his Wooden Sword.
In battle/in-game, its sprite still visually resembles a katana, awkwardly enough. This weapon is colored tan while unlike all of Crono's other weapons, has no unique slashing trail of any sort.
Dimensional Adventure Numa Monjar Edit
The Nu and Mamo believed they could recruit Fiends into their gang by offering free mops. They were proven wrong and ended up playing the Drinking Contest Game in Leene Square to win a Golden Shovel and offer that as incentive instead.
Did everyone have a good weekend? I spent the weekend with my family moving my sister down to Virginia, which meant there was lots of carrying things up and down stairs, shopping, and yummy food. I got to go to Trader Joe's (my favorite – we get one in Buffalo soon; I can't wait!), so I filled a reusable shopping bag with baking ingredients and utensils for Lauren to start off with in her new kitchen. I was pretty excited about the huge wine selections in all of the grocery stores – we only have beer in grocery stores in Buffalo – so I made sure to grab a bottle when I was at Trader Joe's to add to our collection. We finished off the weekend with a tour at the Pope Leighey house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright, our family's favorite architect.
If we hadn't been eating so much good food, we would've had ample opportunity for yummy frozen treats – gelato, frozen yogurt, and the like – but we were always too full for dessert (shock!). Instead, I just dreamed about this frozen yogurt, which is waiting for me in the freezer in Buffalo, as long as Alex hasn't eaten it all by now. I can't wait to have some when I get back tomorrow!
This frozen yogurt is rich and chocolatey from the chocolate base and brownie chunks, with a burst of juicy, sweet freshness from the cherries. I chose to use the cherry hazelnut brownies for the brownie chunks in this froyo, and I loved the extra dimension that the hazelnuts gave to the flavor. Alex thought it had too much going on with those brownies, so it's really all based on how you like your frozen goodies! You can use any kind of brownie you'd like – boxed mix, your favorite recipe, even store bought if you so desire.
I cooked up the cherries with some amaretto; it's one of my favorite things to mix with cherries. You can easily omit it or use almond extract instead. This is the perfect frozen yogurt to finish off the summer before getting ready to go back to school. I know, I know, there's still a month left for most people, and the summer isn't truly over yet – I start a rotation next week, so this feels like my last week of summer. I definitely intend on bidding it farewells with lots of frozen yogurt and ice cream!
Are you more of a chocolate fudge brownie or chocolate chip cookie dough person when it comes to ice cream and frozen yogurt? I always pick the chocolate base, but I do love cookie dough!
Print Chocolate Cherry Brownie Frozen Yogurt (Gluten Free) yields about 2 quarts For the cherries: 2 cups fresh cherries, pitted and quartered
1 Tbsp honey
1 Tbsp amaretto (or almond extract)
1 Tbsp vanilla extract
For the chocolate yogurt base: 1 cup raw honey
1 vanilla bean, seeds scraped (or 1 Tbsp vanilla extract)
3/4 cup cocoa powder
pinch of salt
1-32 oz. container of plain greek yogurt (I love Chobani 2%)
1 cup milk (I used coconut milk - use your favorite)
1 1/2 cups GF brownies, cut into chunks (use your favorite brownie) For the cherries: In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine all of the ingredients. Heat, while stirring, until it begins to bubble and the cherries become soft. Continue heating, stirring frequently, until it thickens slightly. Remove from heat, and allow cooling completely (I put it in the fridge to speed up the process). For the frozen yogurt: In a large bowl, stir the honey, vanilla bean (or extract), cocoa powder, and salt together, until the cocoa is mostly combined. Add in the greek yogurt, about a cup at a time, stirring until smooth. Add the milk, mixing until well combined. Transfer the yogurt base into your ice cream maker, and freeze according to the maker's instructions. Transfer the frozen yogurt base to an airtight container. Pour the cooled cherries over top, and sprinkle the brownie chunks on top of the cherries. Swirl the add-ins into the frozen yogurt using a butter knife or straight spatula, until evenly dispersed. Place in the freezer for about 20 minutes (or longer) to set. Serve once set. Store leftovers in an airtight container. Once the frozen yogurt has been in the freezer for more than 12 hours, you'll want to let it sit on the counter for about 15-20 minutes to soften before scooping. 3.1 https://cookingalamel.com/2013/08/chocolate-cherry-brownie-frozen-yogurt-gluten-free.html Recipe by Melinda Novak, owner of cookingalamel.com
GAZA (Reuters) - Israeli forces intercepted and were following an Irish-owned ship bound for Gaza on Saturday, a spokeswoman for the campaign group supporting the ship said.
“They are being followed,” Greta Berlin of the Free Gaza group said by telephone. She said earlier that the Rachel Corrie was some 55 km (35 miles) west of Gaza in the Mediterranean.
Al Jazeera television quoted a journalist aboard the vessel saying: “We can see some Israeli ships a little away from us.
“They are following us. There has been no contact.”
An Israeli military spokeswoman said she had no information.
Israel had said it would not let the ship through, five days after a convoy of six was halted, including a Turkish ship on which 9 men were killed by Israeli commandos who stormed aboard.
Israel has said it would accept the goods aboard the Rachel Corrie at its port of Ashdod, for onward land delivery to Gaza, but the activists have insisted they will dock in Gaza.
“They are not going into Ashdod,” Berlin said, adding that only if the Israeli navy seized the ship would that happen.
The vessel is named after an American pro-Palestinian activist killed by an Israeli army bulldozer in the Gaza Strip in 2003.
Among those aboard the Rachel Corrie, campaigners said, were Nobel Peace Prize winner Mairead Maguire from Northern Ireland and Denis Halliday, an Irish former senior official at the United Nations.
dozenfury said:
AMD is going to really have to pull a shocker to even be competitive in the gaming segment before Vega is available. I don't see the Polaris 10 coming close to even the 1070.
This is where we agree and disagree.I agree they will have to pull a shocker. The difference is, I think it will be that shocker.Just because P10 is focused toward mainstream for efficiency/price/power, doesn't mean there will not be a higher-clocked/gddr5x close-to-~225w-capable variant. If that WERE the case (they abandoned that market until Vega), AMD would be an incredibly idiotic company. I think people give them too little credit, especially when they've said over and over chip is made to scale across a ton of different markets.I still have absolutely no idea if a GDDR5x model will happen right away with P10, or if they will focus on mobile/<150w/perhaps slightly greater than 150w but still GDDR5 (for overclocking potential) for initial launch....or what. But it WILL eventually happen, and logic simply dictates with their supposed price and flop/gbps bw perf (extrapolated from the clocks of PS4 neo) that with GDDR5x it should (when clocked high-enough, which there is no reason shouldn't be able to happen) compete with 1070.Even if you figure 2048sp instead of 2560 (which I don't necessarily believe, 2560 makes a ton more sense), the perf/$ ratio could/should still be similar, if not better, for P10 vs 1070.
Rick Santorum continued to defend the role of religion in public life today on Meet the Press, where he pointed to all the men, women, and great political movements of American history, many of whom influenced by their faith. He pointed to the civil rights movement as an important example of that, and dismissed the idea of the separation of church and state as a “dangerous idea.” He went after President Obama for not just enforcing the wall of separation, but crossing over it and having the government supercede religious liberty.
RELATED: Santorum Explains Why JFK's Speech On Religion & Politics Makes Him Want To ‘Throw Up'
David Gregory brought up a Wall Street Journal column saying while Ronald Reagan was simply contented with letting cultural conservatives live how they want to, Santorum is more concerned with telling people how to live their lives. Gregory asked Santorum if he would continue to focus on issues like abortion and gay marriage if he were president through the bully pulpit.
Santorum tried to blame the media for always asking him about social issues, but Gregory called him out on it. Gregory said going back to the days when Santorum was in Congress, social issues have been an important part of Santorum's agenda, if not its focal point.
“The notion that these are not deeply held views worthy of question and scrutiny, it's not just about the press.”
RELATED: Media Shifts Attention To Rick Santorum's 2008 Speech About Satan's Influence On U.S.
Santorum responded by simply blaming the media again and suggesting Gregory was cherry-picking quotes of his from over a vast political career. He claimed “there's no evidence at all” that he wants to impose his values on everybody else, but he will keep talking about the family as it pertains to the economy because it's one of the many “practical problems” Americans are concerned with.
Watch the video below, courtesy of NBC:
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
France has asked the Paris Club of creditor nations to speed up the process of canceling Haiti's debt.
France's Economy Minister Christine Lagarde says she has contacted other members of the Paris Club to accelerate the cancellation of Haiti's debt of nearly $78 million.
Haiti did owe $84 million. But Lagarde says about $6 million has been canceled since Tuesday's devastating earthquake.
France chairs the Paris Club, which in July agreed to cancel most of the debt owed by Haiti, the Western Hemisphere's poorest country.
In addition to France, the Paris Club includes the United States, Britain, Japan, Russia, Germany and 13 other countries.
On Thursday, French President Nicholas Sarkozy called for an international conference on rebuilding Haiti, a former French colony.
France has sent planeloads of emergency aid and rescue teams to Haiti. Mr. Sarkozy said he plans to visit Haiti in the coming weeks.
France also Thursday said it is suspending deportations of illegal Haitian immigrants, and will temporarily open its borders to earthquake victims who need help.
France is home to about 80,000 Haitian expatriates. Haiti was a French colony from 1697 until it won independence in 1804. French is still one of Haiti's official languages, along with Creole.
Some information for this report was provided by AP, AFP and Reuters.
Darwin blackout closes schools and shuts down public service, cuts power to homes and businesses
Updated
Electricity has been restored to Darwin after a power failure lasting more than 12 hours caused the closure of schools, public transport and the public service.
The Northern Territory Government called the blackout an emergency and said an inquiry would be held into how it happened.
Power and Water Corporation has apologised to the tens of thousands of people left without power from Darwin to Katherine, 300 kilometres away.
It says the Darwin-wide "code black" was caused by a tripped circuit at Hudson Creek sub-station at Berrimah, in the city's east.
A spokeswoman says a safety switch also shut down the Channel Island station, the Territory's main source of electricity.
It left all of Darwin without power for several hours from about 1:00am (local time).
Power was restored to some northern suburbs including Malak, Nightcliff, Millner, Karama and others by about 10:00am, but mobile phone networks were still suffering outages.
Power was not restored to the Darwin CBD until after 1:30pm.
NT Police advised teachers to go to closed schools to supervise children.
They also ordered Territory buses off the roads because all of the city's traffic lights were not operating.
The Justice Department says the Darwin Magistrates Court and Supreme Court have been closed for the day.
A department spokeswoman says people on bail will have it extended until tomorrow.
The City of Darwin Council says libraries and the civic centre would be closed for the day.
The Shoal Bay waste management facility remained open and rubbish collection continued.
Call for compensation packages for businesses
The State Opposition is calling on the Government to come up with a full compensation package for business owners affected by the blackout.
Opposition Leader Delia Lawrie says the day-long power failure around the city has made it clear the network is not up to the standard the Government claims it is.
The Government says some compensation will be available, after applications are accessed.
This morning, the Northern Territory's Counter-Disaster Committee met to discuss a response.
Power and Water Minister Dave Tollner called on people to stay calm and safe on the roads because of the lack of functioning traffic lights.
While many city businesses opted to close for the day, those that stayed open were rewarded.
One of the only Darwin city pubs to remain open was The Deck bar.
At lunchtime, it was packed with people, including many bar staff from other hotels.
Also taking advantage of the day, a number of government media staff took the opportunity to take refreshment.
The ABC spent more than seven hours trying to contact Chief Minister Adam Giles for a comment on the blackout.
Power and Water Corporation spokesman Jim Bamber has promised an investigation into how the entire network was blacked out.
Some residents took to social media to express their frustration, given the high temperatures in the city overnight.
Entire city of Darwin been without power 4 nearly 7hrs now, nearly 100K people without electricity. Slept with a bottle of ice to stay cool. — Michael J Voukolos (@moggyvouk_82) March 11, 2014
Some people in hotels in Darwin were evacuated and spent a long, sleepless night waiting for the power to come back on.
"There was a warning saying there's been a power failure," one person told the ABC.
"We could stay in our room but there was a time limit that kept waking us up until we were told we'd have to evacuate on the ground floor.
"We've been sleeping on the floor of a conference room."
Business owners feel cost of outages
Deb Ellis owns two cafes in Coolalinga on the fringe of Darwin and said the blackout caused great expense to her businesses.
"We've had to send [staff] home but because they came in, we have to pay them," she said.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Business battles to deal with power blackout (7pm TV News NT)
"It's going to be a big cost... at the moment, I hate to think about it."
Ms Ellis said her losses are unlikely to be covered by insurance and she will request compensation from Power and Water.
"My insurance policy says we have got to be without power 24 hours before they will pay," she said.
"We will definitely put a claim in with Power and Water."
Mr Tollner says Power and Water is insured and will consider claims for compensation on a case-by-case basis.
Gradual restoration of services
There were also reports that petrol stations were not selling any fuel because there was no power for their pumps.
There were no delays reported at Darwin Airport, which has back-up generator power.
Royal Darwin Hospital operated as usual.
For more information, Darwin residents can contact 1800 245 092.
Topics: schools, darwin-0800
First posted
The original 1967 Ford Mustang hero car used in the film Gone in 60 Seconds, dubbed "Eleanor", will go under the hammer at an upcoming US auction.
Though several cars were built by Cinema Vehicle Services – with assistance from car designer Chip Foose – for the 2000-released movie, Lot S135 at Mecum's Spring Classic auction is serial number 7RO20179710, the actual “Eleanor” car driven by Nicolas Cage in the cult car film.
Featuring a fibreglass bonnet, boot lid, fender flares, side skirts and side scoops, as well as a nearly-300kW 5.7-litre Ford V8 crate engine, four-speed manual transmission and a side exhaust, the movie car is also fitted with driving lights, 17-inch Schmidt wheels, an Autometer Sport Comp Monster tachometer, fire extinguisher, Go-Baby-Go shift knob button and a switch for activating a nitrous oxide injection system.
Included in the “Eleanor” package – rumoured to tip over the US$100,000 ($96,450) mark – is a certificate of authenticity and a special plaque.
Friday, August 15th, 2014
"I'm not a bad guy, I went to surprise my gf, help her set up her show and to give her an engagement ring and ended up fighting for my life."
"The cops will never give me fair play, never believe me. Still deciding what to do but at the end of the day it's all just heartbreaking."
"I only wish that man hadn't been there and that Christy & I would behappily engaged.I don't know y I'm so cursed.One day truth will come out."
1 count Battery Resulting in Substantial Bodily Harm
1 count Battery By Strangulation
2 counts Battery with Substantial Bodily Harm
1 count Open and Gross Lewdness
1 count Assault with Deadly Weapon
1 count Coercion with Use of Force or Threat of Force
SIMI VALLEY, Calif. -- MMA fighter Jonathan "War Machine" Koppenhaver was arrested in Simi Valley Friday afternoon for allegedly assaulting a woman in Las Vegas.Koppenhaver is accused of entering his ex-girlfriend's residence in Las Vegas and assaulting her, resulting in 19 broken bones and a ruptured liver last Friday. He has been a fugitive since the incident last week.Simi Valley Police said Koppenhaver is a former resident of Simi Valley and a U.S. Marshals investigation revealed he may have been staying in the city.Koppenhaver was located at the Extended Stay America Hotel at 2498 Stearns Street in Simi Valley and was arrested without incident at 1:45 p.m. Friday.Police said "a small quantity of cash and some pizza" was found in the hotel room.U.S. Marshals turned Koppenhaver over to the Simi Valley Police Department for booking on his warrant from Nevada. He was being held at the Ventura County Jail.Police say Koppenhaver arrived at the residence of Christy Mack, with whom he had a previous relationship, on August 8. He allegedly assaulted Mack's male friend and then assaulted the adult film actress. Las Vegas police officers responded to the incident at 4 a.m. Koppenhaver fled the scene. Mack and the unidentified man sustained severe but non-life-threatening injuries. Mack was hospitalized.Mack tweeted her account of the night, plus photos , from her hospital bed on Monday.While on the lam, War Machine tweeted Arrest warrants were issued for the August 8 incident:Jonathan Koppenhaver legally changed his name to "War Machine." He is still on probation from a 2010 fight at a Pacific Beach bar. He pleaded guilty to assault.null
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ed Miliband: "Young people should sign up for training, not sign on for benefits"
Young unemployed people who refuse to take training courses to gain key skills could lose benefits under a Labour government, Ed Miliband says.
Under the plan 18-21 year olds will only get Jobseeker's Allowance if they already have the skills to get a job.
Other changes will see higher rates of Jobseekers' Allowance for people who have been in work for five years.
The pledge comes as Mr Miliband insisted he could "defy the odds" by winning the next general election.
He was hitting back after a YouGov poll suggested as many as 60% of voters think he is not up to the job of being prime minister.
Mr Miliband acknowledged he had a "tough fight" to return Labour to power after one term in opposition, but said he was "relishing" the battle over the next 10 months leading up to the May 2015 poll.
On Wednesday's Newsnight ex-business secretary Lord Mandelson - who backed Ed's brother David to be party leader in 2010 - raised questions about the Labour leader's ability to win the election.
Asked whether he thought Mr Miliband was the best leader the party could have, Lord Mandelson said: "He is the leader we have and the leader I support and someone who I believe is capable of leading the party to victory."
He also criticised the Labour leader for not being "strong enough" in opposition and said he had "a year to get it right".
'Decent jobs'
Asked if he thought Lord Mandelson should "put a sock in it", Mr Miliband said he welcomed advice from anywhere, but said they could not be "continuity Labour" seeking to govern the UK next year in the same way as they had before the 2010 election.
Labour has consistently led the Conservatives in the polls over recent years but the public's perceptions of its leader are more negative than those of David Cameron, prompting concerns among supporters that Ed Miliband may drag his party's vote down in next year's general election.
Mr Miliband hit back at his critics saying it was "tough" for any party that had lost an election to get back into power after a single term in opposition.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Labour leader says the current system discourages young people from getting the skills they need
But Labour was in a position to do just that in 10 months time - and would then deliver the "big changes" he believes the country needs.
Pledging to fight inequality and give a voice to the disenfranchised, he said: "I didn't take this job because I thought it would be a walk in the park.
"I took this job - and I fought for this job - because I had something distinctive to say about how we change this country and I believe that more now than I did three and a half years ago.
"And I relish the next 10 months... I relish the opportunity to fight for a country because this goes well beyond my party."
The Labour leader's speech to the Institute for Public Policy Research (IPPR) think tank announcing a series of measures aimed at making work pay is being seen as hitting back at critics who believe the party is too soft on welfare.
The think tank has set out some of the ideas behind the policy in a new report entitled The Condition of Britain: Strategies for Social Renewal.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Lord Mandelson: "He is the leader we have and therefore the leader I support"
If he becomes prime minister next year, Mr Miliband says he will end entitlement to adult out-of-work benefits for 18-to-21 year olds with no qualifications.
Instead they will get a "youth allowance" if they agree to undertake vocational training of AS level or equivalent. At the moment, they are prevented by benefit rules from training while looking for work.
'Big changes'
The new allowance is expected to be paid at the same £57 level currently given to under-25s on Jobseeker's Allowance.
But it will be means-tested so those with a family income of more than £42,000 a year will not be entitled to the new allowance. The policy is expected to affect about 100,000 young people.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ed Miliband defends his leadership, saying he "relishes" general election fight
As well as those who already have the necessary qualifications, there will also be exceptions for those with very young children or disabilities which prevent them preparing for work.
In his speech Mr Miliband also proposed an increase in Jobseeker's Allowance from £72 to £100 a week for those who had been in work for the previous five years.
The Labour leader wants to restore the contributory principle on which the post-war welfare state was founded.
"How many times have I heard people say: 'for years and years, I paid in and then when the time came and I needed help I got nothing out?'," Mr Miliband said in his speech.
"Rewarding contribution was a key principle of the Beveridge Report. And it is a key intuition of the British people.
"But it is a principle that has been forgotten by governments of both parties."
He claimed the proposed changes will come at no extra cost to the taxpayer - the title of the speech was "big changes, not big spending".
"We can't succeed as a country with unskilled young people going from benefits to low paid work and back again without proper skills.
"Because it doesn't give business the productive workforce they need. And it costs the taxpayer billions of pounds in extra welfare spending and lower productivity. So we're going to change it."
Mr Miliband has already announced his party's "jobs guarantee" scheme, under which 18 to 24-year-olds out of work for a year will be offered a taxpayer-funded job for six months - with those who refuse losing benefits.
'Depressing'
The Conservatives claimed Labour's plans were "just a recipe for more spending on welfare, more borrowing - and more taxes to pay for it".
Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith accused Labour of unfairly targeting families on below-average earnings, who he said would lose their children's right to "any kind of support".
Mr Duncan Smith says Labour's proposal is a "massive unfunded commitment" because most young people not in training, education or work do not have qualifications equal to AS- or A-level, or their vocational equivalent.
He claimed the problem of unemployment among young people was being solved by the current government through apprenticeships, training and work experience.
Image copyright PA
Britain's biggest trade union - and Labour's biggest financial backer - Unite welcomed Mr Miliband's commitment to training and education but accused the Labour leader of using "Tory rhetoric of sanction and punishment".
Assistant General Secretary Steve Turner said: "Our young people did not cause the economic crash and shouldn't be made to pay for it. Any idea that they want a life on benefits is risible when all they want is a decent job and a future."
At the 2013 Conservative Party conference, PM David Cameron suggested benefits paid to people under the age of 25 could be cut in an effort to reduce long-term worklessness.
Michael Liedtke, The Associated Press
SAN FRANCISCO -- An aircraft fleet owned by Google's founders and former CEO received improper discounts on jet fuel that saved the three billionaires up to $5.3 million dating back to depths of the Great Recession in 2009, according to a government report released Wednesday.
The findings by NASA's inspector general surfaced during a review of a government airfield lease for seven planes and two helicopters controlled by Google's founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, and the Internet search company's former CEO, Eric Schmidt.
The aircraft are managed through a company called H211 set up by the three men through the tremendous wealth that they have accumulated as Google Inc.'s stock price has soared from $85 in 2004 to nearly $1,100. Page, who is Google's current CEO, and Brin, who heads the company's special projects division, are each worth about $25 billion, according to Forbes magazine. Schmidt, who became executive chairman after stepping down as CEO in 2011, is worth about $8 billion.
H211 has been paying $1.4 million annually since 2007 to lease hangar space from NASA at Moffett Federal Airfield, a former U.S. navy base just six kilometres from Google's Mountain View, Calif., headquarters.
NASA's inspector general concluded that the rent for the hangar space represented a fair rate, but the inspector general's report flagged the bargain that Google's jet-setting executives got on the fuel for their flights around the world.
The H211 aircraft saved somewhere from $3.3 million to $5.3 million beginning in 2009 by buying fuel through an arm of the U.S. Department of Defence at below-market prices that allowed them to avoid state and local taxes, according to the report. The discounts didn't result in any losses for NASA or the Department of Defence, the report said, but probably deprived the state of California and local government agencies of tax revenue. Other fuel suppliers probably missed out on an opportunity to make money had H211 not worked out the special arrangement with the government.
The inspector general recommended that NASA and H211 discuss possible ways to address a situation that "engendered a sense of unfairness and a perception of favouritism."
H211 spokesman Ken Ambrose said the company was reviewing the audit's findings.
The report said the improper fuel discounts stopped in September after questions were raised about the bargain prices.
The discounts given to H211 stemmed from a "misunderstanding" about the relationship between NASA and the aircraft used by the Google executives, according to the inspector general. As part of its lease, H211 agreed that its planes would carry instruments to collect climate data for NASA at no cost to the space agency.
The planes doing work for NASA qualified for the discounts, the report said. But the jet fuel was also sold to the H211 planes even when the Google executives were using the aircraft for recreation and other business with no benefit to NASA.
A snapshot of flight activity taken between August 2012 and July of this year found nearly three-fourths of the H211 excursions of out Moffett Field had no connection to NASA. Of the 229 total flights during that time, 59 involved a NASA science mission and most of them were handled by an Alpha Jet that the Google executives obtained to fulfil their obligations to the space agency. H211 also owns or leases six Boeing or Gulfstream planes.
Since the NASA lease began, H211 has flown more than 200 science flights for the space agency. The inspector general calculated that NASA would have had to pay $668,000 if it had been billed for the H211 flights taken from September 2010 through July of this year.
Despite that benefit, a consumer group frequently critical of Google blasted the airfield lease as a "sweetheart deal" for some of the world's richest people at time when millions of other people are struggling to make ends meet in a still-fragile economy.
"We think it's pretty outrageous," said John Simpson of Consumer Watchdog. "Basically, it's just another example of preferential treatment for the Google guys."
H211's lease at Moffett Airfield Field expires in July. The Google executives are working with a private contractor to build another space for their planes at the Mineta San Jose International Airport located about 10 miles from Moffett.
It's not even clear that technology itself matters. Simple tools with actionable plans could be more effective than fancy, expensive ones. For example, one of the most successful tools is the self-described tech-agnostic Laborlink, a product of Good World Solutions, which supplies workers around the world with a secure, anonymous method of providing information about working conditions in their factories. It addresses one of the key weaknesses of the system that was implemented after the initial wave of revelations about working conditions in the 1990s, in which auditors enter factories at regular intervals and conduct checklist walk-through examinations. "Auditing just does not have that many data points," said Beth Holzman, Director of Engagement and Operations at Laborlink. "It's specifically focused on a [narrow] compliance checklist to understand what is happening in a factory and doesn't really get into any wider analysis, which can reflect more the reality on the factory floor."
Auditing is haphazard and unreliable, with well-documented cases of fake reports. Moreover, workers' voices are only tangentially included, with Holzman estimating most audits only include statements from 10 to 20 workers maximum. As factories and plantations can have upward of 1,000 workers, this can be woefully inadequate.
Laborlink thrives partly because it does not rely on the latest smartphones or high-tech, remote-sensing technology. It utilizes whatever technology people already have. In Cambodia or India, this can be simple feature phones with SMS capability, whereas in China, the ubiquitous app WeChat is commonly used.
"We really are trying to ensure that, in the use of technology, we're putting workers at the heart of this process."
"We really are trying to ensure that, in the use of technology, we're putting workers at the heart of this process," said Holzman. "They have the ability to provide data and can use tech to better their own engagement."
This approach has been successful in creating knowledge about what's taking place in factories and giving companies that care an opportunity to address those concerns.
"We've reached a million workers and gathered 3.5 million data points," said Holzman. "That information can be shared with factory managers to say, 'How would you actually work to improve supply chain practices?'"
Other low-tech actors making a difference are NGOs. It is because of them that we have supply-chain accountability legislation, and it's often them, or their partners on the ground, who are spreading the word about unsafe working conditions or illegal deforestation.
"Improvements in technology at the local level have been instrumental in communities' ability to participate in the protection of their forests," said Emma Lierley, Forest Communications Manager with Rainforest Action Network. "And improvements in this area could be of great benefit."
But RAN does not expect technology itself to be the solution. It has been working on supply-chain issues since its inception, and it focuses on both environmental degradation and human rights violations in tropical-forest regions. To RAN, the idea that multinational corporations lack knowledge about what's really happening in their supply chains when it can find out and publish verifiable reports is incredulous.
"Time and time again we have seen companies use new tools and technology to further obfuscate the issue rather than to truly take responsibility for the conflicts in their supply chain," said Lierley. For example, shipping data on who is buying and selling palm oil could illuminate how supply chains connect to labor violations widely documented in Southeast Asia, but it is prohibitively expensive and often inaccessible to third parties like NGOs or journalists. Similarly, access to mapping data about land ownership could allow NGOs to connect illegal deforestation and fire to global companies, but the data remains under lock in Indonesian government and corporate databases.
"The lack of transparency in palm oil supply chains comes down to a lack of willpower, not a lack of tools," said Lierley.
This can be demonstrated by the companies that have made progress. Years ago Nike was the poster child for labor violations in its subcontractors' factories, but after years of hard work in collaboration with NGOs and academia, it has become a model in the shoe industry, recently releasing a map of all of its factories. Similarly, Intel, once complicit along with most of the technology industry as likely using conflict minerals, has, after doing a detailed public analysis with the NGO Resolve, officially declared its supply chain as conflict free.
Neither used fancy technology as an end-all solution, and both spent years figuring out an actionable plan. The problem itself was clear from the start.
"If you want to know what is going on in your supply chain, you don't need tech to find that," said Moote. "You need technology to solve the problem."
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Ellen Degeneres is to celebrate 20 years since she came out in a special show this Friday.
The iconic lesbian comic came out on Oprah, as well as in her sitcom, Ellen, back in 1997.
She has now recorded a very special anniversary show looking back at two decades since her coming out, to be joined by Oprah Winfrey and the original cast of the show.
An incredible 42 million people tuned into to watch Ellen come out, one of the most watched TV moments of that year.
For the first time since the sitcom series ended in 1998 – amid anti-gay protests and outrage – the cast will be reunited on this Friday's show.
According to The Hollywood Reporter: “The Ellen DeGeneres Show will celebrate the milestone with a reunion with special guest stars Oprah Winfrey and Laura Dern joining castmembers Joely Fisher, Clea Lewis and David Anthony Higgins.”
Celebrity fans and followers are due to pay tribute to the out star, too.
Ellen has been a champion for the LGBT community for two decades now, something she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom for by former president Barack Obama.
On her coming out, she said: “I knew that it would be big, but I never knew it was going to be this big.
“I didn't think it would drag out for so long either,” Ellen told Oprah at the time.
The media circus and interest in the American tabloids surrounding DeGeneres' sexuality was intense, as she was the first leading character in a television program to be openly gay.
In the summer of 1996, the star called a meeting for the writers of her hit show Ellen, who were about to write Season Four, and told them she wanted her character to come out on the show. “There was concern over not only how the audience would react, but how the advertisers would react,” biographer Lisa Iannucci told Biography.com.
“We had no idea if ABC were even going to allow that to happen,” Ellen's brother, Vance DeGeneres a screenwriter on the show told biography.com “So it was an incredibly stressful season.”
Watch the moment DeGeneres comes out on her sitcom below.
Ellen decided to come out in real life before her character did on the show, with interviews on The Oprah Winfrey Show, Diane Sawyer and the cover of TIME Magazine.
“It's something I decided I wanted to do and thought it would be wonderful for me as a result,” Ellen told Oprah at the time.
“I never thought it was anybody's business, who I am and who I am with. And then I realised since I had this secret that worried me all the time that it made it feel like something was wrong.”
At one point Oprah asks what made Ellen ‘finally comfortable to say it‘ to which Ellen responds, “I've become more comfortable with myself just in general and I went to therapy and you know, not for that issue but just finding out more about myself.”
Sawyer even went as far as to ask Ellen whether she'd slept with men.
DeGeneres noted she'd slept with two men in her life and likened the occasions to Peggy Lee's hit ‘Is That All There Is?'
In the weeks following her character coming out to over 42 million viewers, many religious groups began to protest outside their local ABC stations to take Ellen off air.
It's timely to stress that The Political Compass has been on the internet since 2001. The uniqueness of our take on politics is reflected in the gratifyingly enthusiastic reviews we've enjoyed in the national media of many countries from our earliest years — as well as from many teachers and academics who continue to use our work.
The enduring appeal of The Political Compass lies in its universality, and the fact that it's not a fly-by-night election-time survey, but a continually accessible profile of a political personality applicable to all democracies. Although we'd like the time to develop more updates than we can sometimes offer, we remain a tool for comparing the politics of countries and well-known political figures, past and present. We invite you to check out some of our other features, such as the Iconochasms — a word that we coined in our early life, and one which is now widely used on the internet.
Our essential point is that Left and Right, although far from obsolete, are essentially a measure of economics. As political establishments adopt either enthusiastically or reluctantly the prevailing economic orthodoxy — the neo-liberal strain of capitalism — the Left-Right division between mainstream parties becomes increasingly blurred. Instead, party differences tend to be more about identity issues. In the narrowing debate, our social scale is more crucial than ever.
We're indebted to people like Wilhelm Reich, Hans Eysenck and Theodor Adorno for their ground-breaking work in this field. We believe that, in an age of diminishing ideology, The Political Compass helps a new generation in particular to get a better idea of where they stand politically — and the sort of political company they keep.
A key source of revenue has been from the copyright licenses of our images, which appear in a number of education books.
Our weakest point is commercialism, so it was always inevitable that others with those skills would tinker a little around the edges of our basic concept — and even our name — and repackage it as a national issues-based tool for commercial sponsorship for a few weeks during national elections; or perhaps simply as yet another of those “fun” internet personality tests; or maybe just for five minutes of Facebook fame, with the source almost invariably unacknowledged. The Political Compass continues to offer something more substantial all year round, and we look forward to keeping our hundreds of thousands of visitors stimulated for years to come.
Take the test (it's entirely anonymous and your responses are not logged) — but be sure to check out our other pages as well!
October 31st, 2011 | by Cheryl Ernst | Published in Features, Multimedia, Nov. 2011 | 8 Comments
◄ Back Next ► Picture 1 of 10 The Honouliuli Camp held more than 3,000 interned American citizens and prisoners of war in several compounds during World War II.
“There are still scholarly works that say there were no internment camps in Hawaiʻi,” observes archaeologist Mary Farrell. In fact, there were at least 14 places in the islands where people were detained during World War II.
The Honouliuli camp, located in a gulch cutting through agricultural land of Central Oʻahu, was the largest and longest operating. Dubbed “Hell Canyon” by some inhabitants, the 120-acre site opened in March 1943 after Sand Island facilities were deemed too exposed. Built to hold 3,000 people in several compounds, it was unique in housing both prisoners of war and a diverse group of U.S. citizens and resident aliens.
Farrell is a retired Coronado National Forest heritage program leader and a lecturer at the University of Hawaiʻi at West Oʻahu. She and her husband, Manzanar National Historic Site archaeologist Jeff Burton, first visited Honouliuli as part of a Japanese Cultural Center of Hawaiʻi project to document internment in Hawaiʻi in the hope it will become a public historical park.
The National Park Service, which is evaluating a number of confinement sites in Hawaiʻi for possible addition to the National Park system, partially funds a UH West Oʻahu summer field course taught by Farrell. She guides Hawaiʻi and mainland students in digging both onsite and through thousands of pages of archival materials to bring the story of Honouliuli to light.
Park service grants also support archival and oral history research extending to the neighbor islands and U.S. mainland under the direction of principal investigator and UH West Oʻahu Professor of Anthropology Suzanne Falgout.
Hidden from view, literally and historically
Covered with sugar cane when the camp was built in 1943, the land around the gulch was purchased by Monsanto Company in 2007. ldquo;We want to do the right thing and partner with community organizations to preserve the site,” says Alan Takemoto, media affairs manager for Monsanto's Hawaiʻi operation. “We hope to donate the land to the National Park Service.”
If they do, UH West Oʻahu Chancellor Gene Awakuni pledges to provide access from the adjoining property, where the new UHWO campus is scheduled to open in 2012.
Ironically, the conditions that kept the gulch hidden from view have also left the site largely untouched. And with such a valuable research site literally in their own backyard, eight faculty members have signed onto the UHWO interdisciplinary research project.
“The story of Honouliuli has been largely unknown or forgotten until recently,” says Falgout. “What little has been known resulted in Honouliuli being thought of primarily as a World War II Japanese internment site. Our summer research emphasizes the diversity of those interned and imprisoned in Hawaiʻi.”
Honouliuli held U.S. citizens of Italian, Irish, Norwegian, Danish, Swedish and Finnish ancestry; most arrested and detained as “Germans,” despite their U.S. citizenship and their non-German ancestry, notes UH West Oʻahu Assistant Professor Alan Rosenfeld.
“For me, the important piece of information is that the vast majority of civilian internees at Honouliuli were American citizens,” he says. He hopes their firsthand stories will become part of a chronicle that guides the actions of future generations.
Given the site's large and diverse prisoner of war population from both Atlantic and Pacific theaters, the researchers now refer to the site as Honouliuli Internment and POW Camp. They study those who worked at camps or were impacted less directly as well as those interned or imprisoned. “This is everybody's story,” Falgout says.
A multidisciplinary effort to unearth the facts
With a background in Micronesian perspectives on World War II, Falgout pursues archival and oral history related to the prisoners of war housed at the site, many captured in the Micronesia region.
Joyce Chinen, a UH West Oʻahu professor of sociology and director of the UH Mānoa Center for Okinawan Studies, researches the experiences of Okinawan prisoners of war and Hawaiʻi-born citizens of Okinawan ancestry. “Internment touched a lot of families, especially the well-educated ones,” she observes. Some later became leaders in Hawaiʻi's Okinawan community.
Internees included Japanese language teachers, newspaper editors, religious leaders and others whose personal ties or life circumstances linked them, in the minds of the American military, to enemy groups. Among them was Hilo Republican Sen. Sanji Abe, the first American of Japanese ancestry elected to the state legislature, who was interned after his first session.
Retired faculty members Linda Nishigaya and Ernest Oshiro study the Buddhist priests among the internees and the reciprocal effects of Buddhism and internment.
Professor of Education Susan Matoba Adler is investigating the effects of internment on children and families, has a personal interest in the topic—her parents met at the Manzanar camp in California. “On the mainland, entire families were shipped off to internment camps, while in Hawaiʻi many families had to survive on the ‘outside' with their head of households taken away. The impact was huge for families,” she says.
Excited to return to the site with researchers, Hanako Hashimoto recounted occasional Sunday visits to her late husband, newspaper editor Koji Hashimoto, who was sent to the camp in 1944. Doris Berg, a Hawaiʻi woman of German descent, described being left as a young child when her parents were taken away. The intergenerational impact of forced incarceration is the focus of Assistant Professor of Psychology Garyn Tsuru, who has published previously on Japanese Americans' accounts of coping with internment.
Shedding light on a story affecting multiple ethnicities
By 1940 Japanese immigrants and their descendants represented nearly 40 percent of Hawaiʻi's population, numbering more than 150,000. Only 1 percent of the Japanese Americans in Hawaiʻi were sent to camps; a higher percentage of European American residents were confined.
“I think the effect on the families is even worse when you pick and choose who's detained. It becomes more suspicious,” Farrell observes.
The site provides a multiethnic perspective, Falgout says. Ethnic German spouses lived as couples. Japanese men and women lived separately, although they may have met at dinner, and were more apt to be transferred to mainland camps. Internees had barracks with flush toilets and hot and cold water for showers. Each group had its own gardens. Food rations were supposed to be the same, although records indicate the Asians received less food overall, but more rice.
Adler is pursuing National Archives references to 10 children internees and studying the wives and offspring of male Japanese internees, including those who elected to join their men at mainland camps.
In the POW compounds, prisoners lived in tents and had pit latrines and cold showers. Italians comprised a large group of military prisoners. Why? Falgout has heard that they were the most difficult, so were sent far from home.
“It looks like there was very little interaction between the internees and the POW s, although there are a few stories of internees working as interpreters in the dispensary,” she says. On the other hand, POW s often interacted with members of the local community.
Although the military bulldozed most of the site after the war, more than 125 features of interest to archaeologists remain, including concrete slabs, rock walls, fences and an aqueduct. Last year, part of the roof caved in on one of two remaining structures; one may have been an administrative building.
Finds to date include a guard tower marked Jan. 21, 1943, slabs for a POW shower room and a laundry that may have served the whole camp and scattered artifacts, including a manhole cover and 1940s beer bottle.
“We're looking for the last section to be built,” Falgout says. Photos show a sea of tents near the entrance; the inhabitants were likely Korean POW s.
In the summer field class, students learn the advantages of paper trails and modern tools. The military hired R. H. Lodge to photograph the site and drew blueprints detailing natural features and a proposed sewage system.
“We use features in historical photos, such as a rock wall along a stream bed, as clues to find the location of demolished structures,” Farrell says. Community volunteers like Ross Brown demonstrate use of metal detectors. “We can find ferrous material without turning spoonful of dirt. It is so important to not destroy a site as you study it,” he says.
Students also experience the challenges of fieldwork—contending with heat, mosquitoes and dense, shoulder-high grass that obscures the ground.
“It's all worth it…it's Hawaiʻi!” says Chris Beavers, who attended the summer field course after completing his anthropology degree at the University of Western Kentucky. Beaver has attended field schools before and worked on a biological survey, but this was his first trip west of Chicago. Other 2011 participants included students from California to New Jersey, a local high school student and his mother and UH students from Mānoa and West Oʻahu campuses.
Their involvement not only advances the work at Honouliuli, it helps spread the word that the camp existed so the story of Hawaiʻi internment will not be forgotten.
Tags: anthropology, archaeology, history, psychology, sociology, UH West Oahu, Vol. 36 No. 3
Indian classmates Tejasweeta Pradhan, 18, and Shivani Gond, 17, recently completed an assignment that was definitely not part of their high school curriculum: They acted as decoys to help police and local activists smash an international sex-trafficking ring in their home region of Darjeeling, a district in India's West Bengal State.
The operation began last May when, under the direction of local anti-trafficking group Mankind in Action for Rural Growth (MARG), the girls opened a fake Facebook account and pretended to be young women from neighboring Nepal desperately looking for work. They began communicating with a woman MARG had identified as part of a large network of traffickers who use the social media site to lure young girls to brothels in India's capital, New Delhi, with the promise of easy money. Human trafficking between Nepal and India for forced prostitution is a huge business—an estimated 7,000 Nepalese women and girls are smuggled across the border by criminal networks each year, and according to UNICEF, around 200,000 are now enslaved in Indian brothels. Women and girls from the Indian side of the border, including the area where Pradhan and Gond live, are also vulnerable, as they are prized by traders for the "fairer skin" they share with Nepalese neighbors.
Tejasweeta Pradhan and Shivani Gond meet an Indian dignitary at a ceremony in New Delhi awarding their bravery, January 2017 Courtesy of Mankind in Action for Rural Growth
Pradhan and Gond were conscious of the dangers of trafficking thanks to awareness seminars run by MARG at their school. When Gond's older brother Vishal, a volunteer with the activist group, asked for their help to befriend the female trafficker, they were eager to assist. To gain her trust, Pradhan and Gond chatted with the woman online over several weeks, expressing envy about her "fashionable clothes" and asking her advice about finding employment. "She became quite open with us," Pradhan recalls. "She told us that she could get us work, but that we would have to sleep with many men. She said we could earn around 25,000 rupees [$370] a month, which is 10 times the wages of working on a local tea plantation." (Tea production is the region's most robust industry.)
"She told us that she could get us work, but that we would have to sleep with many men. She said we could earn around 25,000 rupees [$370] a month." —Tejasweeta Pradhan
Eventually, the woman asked Pradhan and Gond to put on makeup and send her photos to prove that they were pretty. "Twenty minutes after we sent the pictures, she sent back fake Indian ID cards with our faces," Pradhan says. The woman told the girls that she would pick them up near the India-Nepal border. Little did she know, MARG and the Darjeeling police, who worked together to organize the sting operation, would be waiting. "Our first priority was to ensure the safety of the schoolgirls," says Nirnay Chettri, cofounder of MARG. "We briefed them intensively about what to do and reassured them they would never be alone at any time."
President Pranab Mukherjee presenting the National Awards for Bravery to Tejasweeta Pradhan and Shivani Gond at Rastrapati Bhawan, on January 21, 2017 Getty Images
In June, Pradhan and Gond boarded a train for the three-hour journey to a hotel where the trafficker had told them she would meet them. "We had to wait for her for nearly four hours," says Gond. "It was frightening because the police had warned us that some members of the gang could be armed." The schoolgirls couldn't stop shaking, even though a number of police officers were inside the hotel disguised as waiters and customers. Chettri was also close by, dressed as an ice-cream vendor, along with Pradhan's mother, Kamlesh Rai, who was dressed as a peasant. "I was reluctant to allow my daughter to take part in this operation at first," says Rai, a schoolteacher. "But I realized this was the best chance to catch the criminals red-handed and save many other girls." In her spare time, Rai works as a counselor to educate young women in the Darjeeling area about the dangers of falling prey to traffickers. "Many girls from poor families want to leave home to make money. Sometimes they think they are going to be domestic helpers, and they end up in sex rackets. So they need awareness training to make sure this does not happen to them."
"Sometimes girls think they are going to be domestic helpers, and they end up in sex rackets." —Kamlesh Rai
Fortunately, Rai was right about the decoy plan working out. When the female trafficker and two other gang members arrived, police swooped in. Those arrests led police to the network's ringleaders in Delhi, who are now awaiting trial. "This gang was responsible for trafficking thousands of victims, and they are now out of business," says district inspector Deo Gazmer, the Darjeeling police chief in charge of the sting.
In January, the Indian government honored Pradhan and Gond with prestigious National Bravery Awards for their crucial role in helping to catch the ringleaders, saying they showed "exemplary courage." (The award is handed out annually by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi to courageous young people between the ages of 6 and 18.) "We would definitely do such work again if necessary," says Pradhan. "Sex trafficking is such a terrible problem—it was scary, but worth it."
This article appears in the May issue of Marie Claire, on newsstands now.
Foto: Nina Đurđević / Pixsell
JE LI se Božo Skoko nakon javne prepiske s Borisom Dežulovićem ponovno našao u aferi s plagijatom? Ukoliko pitate dr. sc. Juru Zovka, redovnog profesora Sveučilišta u Zadru, onda je odgovor potvrdan. Naime, Zovko optužuje Skoku ni manje ni više nego za - "prepisivačinu s Wikipedije".
> Kakva blamaža za čovjeka koji se smatra vodećim PR stručnjakom u Hrvatskoj!
> Božo Skoko: Kako je Boris Dežulović postao moj nesuđeni uzor
> Kakav apsurd: Božo Skoko sjedi u Sudu časti koji je odlučio da nije plagirao Dežulovića
> PR-ovci okreću leđa plagijatoru Skoki: "To je neprofesionalno i neprihvatljivo"
> Raskol među PR-ovcima: Ima još onih koji brane plagijatora Skoku
Riječ je o knjizi Bože Skoke "Hrvatski velikani", koju je objavio nakladnik Večernji list, a napisana je s nakanom da prikaže "25 najpopularnijih, 100 najznamenitijih i najzaslužnijih te 300 najznačajnijih velikana, koje bi svaki Hrvat i stanovnik Hrvatske trebao poznavati".
Zovko: Ovo je prepisivačina Wikipedije
Skokina knjiga predstavljena kao ozbiljan znanstveni rad što potvrđuje i odabir recenzenata kao što su prof. dr. sc. Neven Budak, ugledni povjesničar s Filozofskog fakulteta u Zagrebu, dr. sc. Vladimir Lončarević te komunikolog s VERN-a dr. sc. Ivan Tanta. Promociju knjige uveličali su svojom nazočnošću i predsjednik države Ivo Josipović te Milan Kovač, predsjednik Kluba utemeljitelja HDZ-a.
Tekst se nastavlja ispod oglasa
"Moj je dojam da je Božo Skoko opet bio 'brzoplet' u pisanju kao u slučaju prepisivanja od Borisa Dežulovića, no ovdje je problem što bi ova knjiga, za razliku od kolumne, ipak trebala biti znanstveni rad. Šokantno je što se Božo Skoko umjesto znanstvene metodologije odlučio za metodu prepisivačine iz hrvatske Wikipedije. Božo Skoko sada treba objasniti javnosti, prije svega onoj akademskoj, kakve je naravi njegovo djelo 'Hrvatski velikani' te kako se dogodilo da su određeni tekstovi o velikanima u njegovoj knjizi gotovo identični s tekstovima na stranicama Wikipedije na hrvatskom jeziku", kaže Zovko u razgovoru za Index.
Zovko je našao primjere u prilozima o povjesničaru Milanu Šufllayu, uglednom predstavniku njemačke reformacije i utemeljitelju hermeneutike Matiji Vlačiću Iliriku, te poznatom hrvatsko-francuskom ekspertu za povijest medicine Mirku Grmeku. Vidljivo je to, smatra Zovko i na primjerima tekstova o Ocu domovine Anti Starčeviću, tvorcu prve hrvatske gramatike Bartolu Kašiću, J. J. Strossmayeru, Ivanu Belostenecu, Boži Milanoviću, Ivi Vojnoviću, S. S. Kranjčeviću i Tinu Ujeviću.
"Usporedimo li Skokin skromni prilog o Antunu Matiji Relkoviću (10 redaka) s tekstom na Wikipediji, primijetit ćemo da je osam i pol redaka posve identično. Slično se može reći i za tekst o književniku Dimitriju Demetru, odnosno o velikom veziru Rustem-paši Opukoviću koji je imao nadimak Hrvat", kaže Zovko za Index. nabrojavši četrnaest primjera koji mogu pasti pod sumnju plagiranja te poziva ostale da nastave s daljnjim usporedbama sličnosti i razlika.
Skoko: Da, koristio sam se i Wikipedijom
Skoko koji je nedavno imenovan za novog pročelnika Odsjeka za novinarstvo i odnose s javnošću Fakulteta političkih znanosti Sveučilišta u Zagrebu (FPZG) te se smatra vodećim PR stručnjakom u zemlji, tvrdi da je riječ o neosnovanim optužbama na njegov račun pa tako u odgovoru na upit Indexa priznaje da se dijelom koristio i Wikipedijom.
U tome nema ama baš ništa sporno, tvrdi Skoko.
"Naravno da sam opće poznate biografske podatke u kratkim životopisima hrvatskih velikana, objavljenima u drugom dijelu knjige, koristio dijelom s Wikipedije i više od pedeset drugih izvora, uglavnom knjiga", kaže Skoko dodajući da se na stranici 145. njegove knjige nalazi dodatak u kojem stoji da su "portreti hrvatskih velikana priređeni na temelju činjenica navedenih u literaturi i izvorima čiji se popis nalazi na kraju ove knjige".
"Prema tome, jasno sam naglasio kako sebi ne pripisujem autorstvo, niti intelektualno vlasništvo nad opće poznatim podacima i biografskim činjenicama, već da je riječ o preuzetim podacima iz relevantnih izvora. A na kraju knjige možete pronaći sve izvore na koje sam se oslanjao u preuzimanju tih biografskih podataka. Pritom gotovo identične biografske prikaze onima na Wikipediji pronaći ćete u desecima drugih izvora, jer teško da se može izmisliti kad je tko rođen i gdje se školovao... Ili da netko ima intelektualno pravo na te opće biografske podatke. Zato sam pri priređivanju svakog portreta koristio niz izvora, posebno tamo gdje podaci nisu ujednačeni, sto je također pojašnjeno u knjizi", kaže Skoko za Index.
No, Zovko tvrdi da ga priznanje o korištenju Wikipedije ne opravdava jer pravila su sasvim jasna. Odnosno ispod spornih tekstova nije naznačen izvor što je i osnovno pravilo znanstvenog rada.
Kako se piše znanstveni rad?
"Činjenica da je Skoko na 398. stranici svoje knjige naveo i Wikipediju kao jedan od izvora kojima se služio, uopće ga ne opravdava jer ispod navedenih tekstova nigdje ne stoji da je riječ o citatima iz Wikipedije. Kao sveučilišni profesor trebao bi znati pravila citiranja.", kaže Zovko.
No, Skoko se s tim ne slaže pa tvrdi da ondje gdje su bila u pitanju autorska zapažanja o pojedinim velikanima jasno je i naglašeno i citirano.
"Glavni dio knjige je rezultat autorskih istraživanja i tamo su korištena citiranja prema pravilima. Prema tome, takve napade smatram apsurdnima. A o metodologiji i uvrštavanju pojedinih velikana, pa čak i onih koji g. Zovku idu na živce, spreman sam argumentirano polemizirati", kaže Skoko na kraju.
Skoko već na udaru zbog sumnji u plagijat
No, zasigurno će i ovom optužbama biti riječi u sljedećim danima. Naime, prema definiciji plagijata prema američkom rječniku Random House Webster's Unabridged Dictionary stoji da je plagijat "upotreba ili blisko oponašanje jezika i misli drugoga autora te predstavljanje istih kao vlastiti izvorni rad". Zbog čega Zovko poziva Skoku da ispriča. Kako javnosti, tako i akademskoj zajednici.
"Nakon što je prvo izdanje knjige Hrvatski velikani, tiskane u tri tisuće primjeraka, već rasprodano, autor ima priliku prirediti novo izdanje u skladu sa znanstvenim kriterijima i pri tome se ispričati čitatelji(ca)ma za 'marifetluke' neprimjerene akademskoj praksi. Fakultet političkih znanosti i Sveučilište u Zagrebu trebali bi pomno ispitati metodu 'znaanstvenoga rada' sveučilišnoga profesora Bože Skoke. O Skokinom skandaloznom 'citaranju autora' već je pisao kolega Stanko Andrić u tekstu 'Neznanje kao brend' pokazavši kako Skoko površnim plagiranjem pripisuju francuskom intelektualcu iz vremena renesanse Étienneu de La Boétieu izjavu koju nikada nije rekao da “se u Hrvatima tako duboko ukorijenila ova tvrdokorna volja za ropstvom”. Istodobno proglašava ga našim suvremenikom i pogrešno piše njegovo ime kao 'Boesi'", kaže Zovko na kraju.
Right wing blogs are enraged that a gay coffee shop owner kicked out a group of anti-choice religious nutjobs.
The group was handing out pamphlets in Seattle that called abortion sinful and showed an image of bloody hands and rainbows. They took a break at Bedlam Coffee and went to the upstairs seating area.
At some point, the owner of the coffee shop, Ben Borgman, went upstairs with one of the pamphlets and asked the activists to leave. They asked why they were being told to leave, and he pointed to one of the pamphlets and said, “This is offensive to me.”
A heated discussion ensued that was recorded and posted on Facebook by the anti-choice group Abolish Human Abortion. Borgman is agitated, telling the activists to “shut up” and leave.
One of the activists tells him that she tolerates his presence (so he has to tolerate everything she does?), to which he responded, “If I go get my boyfriend and fuck him in the ass right here you're going to tolerate that? Are you going to tolerate it?”
As the group started to leave, she told Borgman, “Just know that Christ can save you from that lifestyle.”
She then made an asinine comment about “safe spaces” and told him that she would be praying for him, presumably to turn him straight.
Over the last few years, conservatives have become obsessed with the idea that Christian business-owners should be allowed to deny service to gay people, with one conservative couple even getting into the wedding-filming business for the express purpose of suing the state for the right to deny service to gay people.
Right-wingers, though, get in a tizzy the moment people they identify with get denied coffee in a city that has a dozen coffee shops on each street.
Some conservatives have made the connection between this video and their work to legalize using “deeply held personal beliefs” as an excuse to discriminate, chortling about how liberals aren't really so tolerant after all, yuk yuk.
The difference is that the video makes it pretty clear that Borgman is not kicking these people out because they're white, Christian, straight, cisgender, or any other identity. He's kicking them out because of what they were doing – handing out misogynist pamphlets.
And that's just not the same thing.
This Story Filed Under
