Walking over an open grate is scary for most children and even some adults. Even though part of the brain understands that the grate is secure, part of the brain is reflexively scared by the vision of depth.
Likewise, swimming in deep water can be more scary than swimming shallow water for similar reasons — even if you can see the bottom. Part of the brain knows that you won't “fall” to the deep bottom, but another part reflexively fears a fall. Depth is reflexively feared and respected and that “depth” can be perceived in terms of both quantity or complexity.
Astrology, Buddhism, Homeopathy, Biblical Studies, and Evolution all share something in common: depth. Volumes of material are written on these subjects. You could fill your walls with impressive book titles on these topics. These deep walls of information protect your beliefs. For if someone told you that your beliefs were nonsense, your mind would flash a picture of libraries of counterarguments — not the specific arguments, mind you, but just the image of a deep layers of books. This is one version of depth deception — depth of quantity. It is the illusion that if something you embrace has lots of fellow believers and writers, it must have believable substance. And depth illusion can also be caused by deep complexity.
Astrology is complicated — it has deep complexity. Sure, the average astrology fan only occasionally reads superficial daily horoscopes, but enthusiastic believers use complex computer programs to generate sophisticated charts showing the intricate alignment of planet positions and influences. Smart people write these programs. The different perspectives and calculations needed for making an accurate ‘scientific' reading is mind-bogglingly deep. This is depth of complexity. It takes lots of time to learn this highly detailed material. In doing all this, the believer's mind uses such depth in and of itself to support the believer's confidence, even if Astrology is complete nonsense.
Believers are usually unaware that depth deception is strengthening their emotional resolve to protect their beliefs. We all do it.
Question to Readers: Have you ever wondered if your book collection itself offers you more support in your beliefs than they deserve?
CLOSE Dignitaries joined more than 40,000 people at a ceremony on Thursday at Hiroshima's Peace Memorial Park, as Japan marked the 70th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima. (Aug. 6) AP
Visitors observe a minute of silence for the victims of the atomic bombing, at 8:15 a.m., the time at which the bomb exploded over the city. (Photo11: Eugene Hoshiko, AP)
HIROSHIMA, Japan — Japan marked the 70th anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima on Thursday, as its mayor renewed calls for global leaders to rid the world of nuclear weapons, calling them "the absolute evil and ultimate inhumanity."
Tens of thousands of people stood for a minute of silence at a ceremony at 8:15 a.m. in Hiroshima's Peace Memorial Park near the epicenter of the 1945 attack, marking the moment the bomb — code named "Little Boy" — made impact. U.S. Ambassador Caroline Kennedy and representatives from more than 100 countries, including Britain, France and Russia, attended the ceremony.
"President Obama and other policymakers, please come to the A-bombed cities, hear the hibakusha (surviving victims) with your own ears, and encounter the reality of the atomic bombings," said Hiroshima Mayor Kazumi Matsui, who criticized nuclear powers for keeping them as threats to achieve national interests. He said the world still bristles with more than 15,000 nuclear weapons.
Sunao Tsuboi was on his way to class at Hiroshima Technical School on Aug. 6, 1945, when the atomic bomb — the world's first — detonated.
Tsuboi remembers a blinding light, followed by a shock wave that hurled him 30 feet and knocked him unconscious. When he awoke, he was covered in burns and could barely walk. All around him was death, destruction and unimaginable horror.
“Bodies everywhere — no arms, no legs, everyone just dead.” Sunao Tsuboi, Hiroshima survivor
"Houses gone. Bodies everywhere — no arms, no legs, everyone just dead. You look and you ask, 'Were these really human beings?' " Tsuboi, 91, recalled in a recent interview.
The U.S. dropped the bombs to avoid what would have been a bloody ground assault on the Japanese mainland, following the fierce battle for Japan's southernmost Okinawan islands, which took 12,520 American lives and an estimated 200,000 Japanese, about half civilians.
An estimated 140,000 people died from the Hiroshima bombing, and even more were killed three days later in the attack on Nagasaki, on Aug. 9.
Of the 1 million-plus Japanese classified as hibakusha in the postwar years, only about 183,000 are still alive. Their average age is now 80 — only a few years below Japan's average life expectancy. Many are still fighting illnesses and injuries traced to the bombings seven decades ago.
"The survivors are getting old and are disappearing, and there are fewer people to tell their stories. So we need to train people to pass along these stories and knowledge so that it doesn't disappear," said Ayami Shibata, a Hiroshima city official.
Time has not eased the burden. Decades after the bombings, survivors can be diagnosed with cancer and others illnesses linked to radiation.
"When the radiation began to appear, we were all shocked. We thought it was over. But 10 years, 20 years later, people were still dying and still suffering," said Keiko Ogura, 78, a Hiroshima survivor who works as an interpreter and volunteer at the Peace Memorial Museum.
Contributing: Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1SQvZAD
Rise in primary school expulsions a sign of under-resourced system, principal says
Posted
The number of Victorian primary school students being expelled has increased in the past year, raising concerns schools are ill-equipped to deal with acute behavioural issues.
Last year, 26 students were expelled from primary school and 172 from high school.
Both figures were the highest for the past three years, up from 13 primary school expulsions in 2014 and 144 secondary school expulsions.
The figures have alarmed representatives of Parents Victoria and the principal of The Pavilion school for students disengaged from mainstream education, Josie Howie.
Ms Howie said schools like The Pavilion only had to exist because the mainstream system was not resourced to support children with behavioural issues — who are often the most vulnerable students as well.
"From the two examples I can think of where students were expelled from primary school, one has died in a police pursuit and the other is incarcerated," Ms Howie said.
"It's pretty grim."
She said expulsion disproportionately affected the most vulnerable students in the school community.
"It absolutely disrupts the student's education ... then they're plonked into another school and they go there with a big target on their head saying, 'problem kid'," she said.
Ms Howie said she would like to see Australia adopt an education policy similar to Finland, where expulsion is not an option for primary school students.
"In countries like Finland they wouldn't consider giving up on a child," she said.
Expulsion 'a last resort'
Victoria's Education Department considers expulsion a last resort and has mandated an opportunity for the student to be heard by the principal before a final decision is made.
The department's expulsion guidelines state that "a student's behaviour must also be of such magnitude that expulsion is the only available mechanism".
Parents Victoria executive officer Gail McHardy said an inclusive education policy would support students with behavioural issues with the same dedication towards students with a disability.
She said a student's expulsion was often connected with traumatic experiences for the student, teachers and families involved.
"The cost impacts on the health and wellbeing on children, families and educators is a real issue for the Government," Ms McHardy said.
"The reality is some students are non-compliant and so how do schools manage that best?"
She said schools needed to focus on the causes for non-compliance in primary school students and provide greater access to psychologists and support services.
Topics: education, access-to-education, primary-schools, schools, human-interest, vic, melbourne-3000, preston-3072
Ashley Murray, the 16-year-old Peconic girl who went missing 12 days ago, walked into Southold Town Police headquarters safe and sound Friday, authorities said.
Murray, who was reported missing from her Springs Lane home Monday, Feb. 25, showed up at the North Fork police station at 3:15 p.m., according to investigators. But police could not say where she's been.
“She was in good physical condition and she stayed with us until around 4:30,” said Southold Town Police Chief Martin Flatley, noting that she arrived with a friend.
Investigators had teamed with Suffolk police, the FBI and the Center for Missing and Exploited Children in the high-profile search that included a search party organized by friend and family.
Flatley said Murray was taken to a local hospital for evaluation.
“Even though the searching is over, the investigation is still active,” he added.
Now Available: Gothic Icons and Sothis Ascends
Chronicles of Darkness, Mummy: The Curse
As covered in our earlier post, we're rolling out the bold new direction for the World of Darkness with our release of Gothic Icons.
Inspired by the success of the Dark Eras Kickstarter, Onyx Path Publishing has decided to overhaul every classic and new World of Darkness game in their catalog to transport the entire line back to the nineteenth century, during the height of Gothic literature's popularity, to add Historical Angst™! To highlight the new, gothtacular path they'll be following, the company has filed a trademark for the phrase Historical Angst™ and created Gothic Icons to help shed some insight on where the line is headed. Gothic Icons includes six characters that represent the gothiest Gothic icons, and have been drawn from several sources found in Gothic literature. The gothtacular characters included in Gothic Icons employ the rules update to the World of Darkness rulebook using The God-Machine Chronicle. They are presented in chronological order of their Historical Angst™ appearance in the 1800s-ish timeframe.
Also available today — perhaps also taking advantage of our new Historical direction? — we have the advance PDF for Sothis Ascends for Mummy: The Curse.
The State of World Liberty Index was a combination of indices compiled originally in 2006 by Nick Wilson. Since then, I've periodically updated the index. My methodology is similar to the original with the following exceptions: I use only the civil liberties portion of the Freedom House, economic liberty (Fraser/Heritage) is weighted evenly with social liberty, and the Reporters without Borders Press Freedom Scores are of equal weight to each of the Freedom House Civil Liberties sub-components. All changes are done with the purpose of creating the most accurate relative ranking of countries by the degree of liberty (economic and social) enjoyed by the average individual within the state or territory. Note, the ranking is not reflective of, nor does it include, political or electoral rights. Where data is available, territories or colonies (e.g. Hong Kong) are included.
2015 Rankings
2015 Liberty by Quintile. Colors represent countries grouped by quintiles in order of blue (top 20%), green (20-40%), yellow (40-60%), orange (60-80%), and red (80-100%).
Probably the fastest living thing on the force, Ms. Kii Catano is in the process of being saved thanks to obscure character conservationists. Since cheetahs are my favorite animals, I had to join.
I took the original concept by the Byron himself and tried to conceptualize personally what she would look like when translated closer to the style of the final film using reference from real cheetahs and other feminine cats that made an appearance in the movie. I've only ever drawn real cats before, so kinda hard for me.While making this I had a fun little idea regarding cheetah culture. If you notice she has a patch on her shoulder with a couple symbols on it. This would be a modern variation of a traditional pendant given to the fastest of a particular tribe, and a potential prize in direct competition. In modern times the tradition has mostly died off and now they are mostly given out at different tiers to those who can hit a certain speed in a sprint. She has the pendant itself but wears a patch with the same engraving since it is a pride thing for them. Anyway I'd imagine there would be more to it but that wasn't the focus of what I was doing so that can wait until another time.
It has moved up seven places to rank 99 among 137 nations in the 2017-18 Global Competitiveness Index (GCI) released on Wednesday.
Last year's index ranked Bangladesh 106 out of 138 countries.
The latest ranking is the biggest improvement since 2013-14 when Bangladesh moved up eight notches on the index, data shows.
The WEF, known as the Davos Forum, has been publishing the Global Competitiveness Report since 2011.
With over 7 percent GDP growth in the last two fiscal years, the Bangladesh government has set a target for 7.4 percent for fiscal 2017-18.
The WEF index is based on 12 basic factors -- institutions, infrastructure, the macroeconomic environment, health, education, market efficiency, the labour market, financial market development, technological capacity, market size, innovation and business sophistication.
Bangladesh has scored 3.9 out of 7 in the latest ratings with improved scores across all the 12 factors.
It identified corruption as the top problematic factor in doing business in Bangladesh, followed by inadequate infrastructure, inefficient bureaucracy, inadequately educated workforce, poor work ethics and access to finance, instable policies and tax rates.
Switzerland topped the index for the ninth consecutive year followed by the US, Singapore, Netherlands, Germany.
On the South Asian front, Indian remains the most competitive nation. It ranked 40th.
Bhutan and Nepal both have improved their positions -- by 15 notches to 82nd and 10 notches at 88th respectively. The two Himalayan countries are among the most improved countries globally.
Sri Lanka, the third most competitive country in the region, ranked 85th.
Pakistan has moved up, but trails the group of South Asian economies, ranking 115 against last year's 122.
Improving ICT infrastructure and use remain among the biggest challenges for the region: in the past decade, technological readiness stagnated the most in South Asia, says the WEF.
Asserting that Islamism is a “perversion of Islam”, Prime Minister Theresa May has said the threat cannot “be defeated through military intervention alone” and that “people's minds must be turned away from Islamism”. She has stated the Government will attack Islamist extremism's “safe spaces” and counter-terrorism strategies will be reviewed.
The Prime Minister made the statement outside of 10 Downing Street Sunday morning following chairing a meeting of the crisis response committee COBRA, and outlined four areas for change.
Referencing the Westminster terror attack and Manchester attack, Mrs. May said: “In terms of planning and execution, the recent attacks are not connected. But we believe we are experiencing a new trend in the threats we face as terrorism breeds terrorism.
“Perpetrators are inspired to attack not only on the basis of carefully constructed plots after years of planning and training – and not even of attackers radicalising online – but copying one another.”
“We cannot and must not pretend that things can continue as they are. Things need to change and need to change in four important ways”:
1) Mrs. May stated that the attacks are bound together by “the single ideology of Islamist extremism” which she called “a perversion of Islam”.
“Defeating this ideology is the greatest challenge of our time. But we cannot defeat it through military intervention alone” or with permanent defensive counterterrorism operations.
She said it will only be defeated when “people's minds are turned away” from Islamism and they are “made to understand that our values…are superior to anything offered by the preachers and supporters of hate”, she said, in defence of Britain's “pluralistic” values.
2) “Safe spaces” where this ideology is allowed to breed online must be tackled, she said, adding that the British Government must work with foreign governments to reach “international agreements that regulate cyberspace to prevent the spread of extremism and terrorism planning”.
3) The prime minister also targeted “safe spaces that exist in the real world”.
“Yes that means military action to destroy ISIS in Iraq and Syria, but that also means taking action here at home.”
“There is, to be frank, too much tolerance of extremism in the country. So we need to become far more robust in identifying it and stamping it out across the public sector and across society.
“That will require often embarrassing and difficult conversations. But the whole of our country needs to come together to take on this extremism and we need to live our lives not as a series of separated, segregated communities but as one truly United Kingdom.”
4) Mrs. May stated there would be a review of the current counter-terrorism strategy.
“As the nature of the threat becomes more complex, fragmented, and hidden, especially online, the [counter-terrorism] strategy needs to keep up.
“So in light of what we are learning about the changing threat, we need to review Britain's counter-terrorism strategy to make sure police and security services have all the power they need.
“And if we need to increase the length of custodial sentences for terror-related offences, even for apparently less serious offences, that is what we will do.”
“It is time to say enough is enough. everybody must go about their lives as they normally would.”
The prime minister stated that the Conservative Party and other parties will suspend campaigning for Sunday, but the election will go ahead as planned on Thursday.
The threat level remains at ‘Severe' and is set by JTAC – the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre.
JTAC sits within MI5 and is independent of Government.
For the past couple of years, Kentucky's coaches have spent their Decembers trying to fend off potential suitors for top players already committed to the Cats.
Those tables appear to have turned now that the Cats are bowl bound and have some momentum coming off a win over a top-15 team in Louisville and the Cardinals' Heisman Trophy winner.
“Now you've got that win and they see where the program is going and we're going after other people's guys,” UK recruiting coordinator and tight ends coach Vince Marrow said as the Cats run through preparations for the TaxSlayer Bowl on Dec. 31.
“It's a thing where I think most guys were committed somewhere else but liked us,” Marrow said. “They kept an eye (on us) and were like, let me see what these guys do. Then we beat Louisville and it was like, OK, I think these guys are on the right track now.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Lexington Herald-Leader
Coach Mark Stoops hinted at that a little bit earlier this month when reporters noted Lafayette's Jedrick Wills at the UK practice facility. Wills, a five-star offensive lineman, is committed to Alabama.
“Are you peeking in our indoor?” Stoops laughed. “You know we never stop. We're never gonna stop. We're going to make it very difficult for somebody to tell us no.”
Knocking off Louisville gave Kentucky some credibility as it tries to round out the 2017 class, currently ranked No. 23 by Rivals.com (11th in the Southeastern Conference).
“I see a different pool of guys who are calling us now instead of us trying to beat down these guys' door,” Marrow said of the Cats' recent success on the field.
So what's left for UK moving forward in this class, which has 20 players already and probably won't go over the 25-commitment ceiling?
“I ain't going to say no names, but it's one guy, one dynamic guy that we definitely are waiting on,” Marrow said with a smile. “He could be in Ohio somewhere.”
Potential targets he could be discussing include Lynn Bowden, a two-way athlete from Ohio, but there are others who fit the description, including four-star wide receiver Danny Davis and four-star offensive lineman Thayer Munford.
“We've filled our needs; it's just now just maybe getting a lineman here, a receiver there, another DB, and D-line.”
Kentucky wants to spend its last four or five spots on what Marrow called “wild cards” and “playmakers.
“Maybe they're committed somewhere else, but you just want to say, ‘Hey, look at us and where we're at now,'” he said.
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
Michael Moore breaks his silence 911 Cover Up ? Subscribe to Brasscheck TV Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
An obvious, common sense
question that no one will answer
Advertisement
Michael Moore, the maker of "Sicko" and "Fahrenheit 911," has been widely criticized for his apparent lack of interest in examining the details of the 9/11 cover story.
This may have been the case in the past, but things have clearly changed. In this short video, Moore asks an obvious common sense question that no one seems to be able to answer:
"Why can't we see the Pentagon videos from 9/11?"
The Pentagon is surrounded by dozens of video security cameras and yet except for one useless clip, none of this footage has ever been released. Why not?
What struck the Pentagon on 9/11? Whatever it was it failed to leave the wreckage of an airliner.
The Syrian leader then ratcheted up pressure on France to steer clear of military action two days ahead of a parliamentary debate on the issue. Two thirds of French people are against participating, according to a poll out on Saturday.
Assad said: "Whoever contributes to financially or militarily to bolstering terrorists is an enemy of the Syrian people. Whoever is against the interests of Syria and its people is an enemy."
"The French people are not our enemy. If the policies of the French state are hostile to the Syrian people, this state will be its enemy. This hostility will end when the French state changes its policies. There will be repercussions – negative, of course – against the interests of France," he warned.
Mr Assad accused the US president of being a weak leader.
"If Obama was strong, he would have said publicly: 'We have no evidence of the use of chemical weapons by the Syrian State'. He would have said publicly: 'The only way to proceed is through UN investigations. We therefore refer everything to the Security Council.' But Obama is weak because he is facing pressure from within the United States," he said.
Mr Assad said it was too late for dialogue with rebel opponents.
"We are fighting terrorists. Eighty to 90 per cent of those we are fighting belong to Al Qaeda. They are not interested in reform or in politics. The only way to deal with them is to annihilate them. Only then will we be able to talk about political measures," he said.
The Assad regime asked the United Nations to stop the US from taking military action against Syria, claiming it wanted help achieving a "political solution" to the civil war.
Bashar Ja'afari, Syria's ambassador to the UN, demanded in a letter that Ban Ki-Moon, the UN Secretary-General, "shoulder his responsibilities for preventing any aggression on Syria".
He called on the UN Security Council to "maintain its role as a safety valve to prevent the absurd use of force out of the frame of international legitimacy", according to the Syrian state media agency.
The US, meanwhile, must "play its role as a peace sponsor" rather than "a state that uses force against whoever opposes its policies", Mr Ja'afari wrote to Mr Ban and Maria Cristina Perceval, Argentina's ambassador to the UN and the current president of the Security Council.
More than 100,000 people are believed to have been killed since Mr Ja'afari's government began cracking down on reformist protesters two years ago, beginning a slide into civil war.
Adria Arjona plays an older Dorothy and Vincent D'Onofrio plays The Wizard.
L. Frank Baum's children's book “The Wonderful Wizard of Oz” has inspired countless film and theatrical adaptations, including Victor Fleming's iconic 1939 film starring Judy Garland. Now, a dark, gritty TV series based on the world of Oz will finally the small screens early next year. The series “Emerald City” follows an older version of Dorothy Gale, played by Adria Arjona (“True Detective”), who's transported by tornado with a K9 police dog into Oz, a land of competing realms, magic and bloodshed. The series co-stars Vincent D'Onofrio (“Full Metal Jacket”) as The Wizard, Oliver Jackson-Cohen (“Dracula”), Ana Ularu (“Outbound”), Joely Richardson (“Nip/Tuck”) and more. Watch a trailer for the series below.
READ MORE: Watch: ‘The Wizard of Oz', As You Most Definitely Have Not Seen It Before
The series was created by Matthew Arnold, creator, director and executive produced of the first independently-produced network TV series “Siberia.” NBC originally brought on Josh Friedman (“Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles”) as a showrunner, but NBC decided not to go forward with the series due to creative differences between Friedman and the studio. NBC eventually resurrected the series and brought on David Schulner (“Do No Harm”) as showrunner. Tarsem Singh (“Self/less”) will direct all ten episodes of the first season and Shaun Cassidy (“Cold Case”) will executive produce the series.
READ MORE: ‘The Wizard of Oz' to Get IMAX 3D Re-Release in September
“Emerald City” premieres on Friday, January 6 at 9 p.m. ET only on NBC.
Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
A century ago, Tamil Nadu had six native breeds of cattle. Over the last 15 years, one has become extinct and the others are in danger of following. That would be a huge loss. Each breed has evolved in perfect harmony with its local region.
Kangayams, fed on grasses in the calcium-rich soil, are astonishingly sturdy and can pull up to 2.5 times their body weight with ease. Umbalacherys have shorter legs, which make it easy for them to walk around in the water-filled fields of the state's Delta region. Barugurs in the hills of Erode district and Malai Maadus in Theni district are adept at walking in hilly terrain. Pulikulam found mostly in the region around Madurai, Sivaganga, Ramnad, Pudukottai, parts of Tiruchy districts, can walk all day as they are grazed.
Native cattle, which have evolved over millennia, are an integral part of rural life, especially for small and marginal farmers. They serve multiple purposes: they provide milk and farmyard manure, they are used for ploughing and transportation.
By reiterating a ban on the traditional bull-taming sport of jallikattu on Tuesday, the Supreme Court may have undermined their chances of survival. To understand why, it's essential to look at the role jallikattu plays in the state's rural ecosystem.
An essential role
Jallikattu events are held once the winter harvest is finished. Bulls reared specially for the sport are taken out to participate. Spectators take note of the best bulls on display and seek them out in the shandies or cattle markets that are held from December till April all over Tamil Nadu. Since small farmers cannot afford to keep stud bulls, villages through the state buy a common temple bull to service all the cows of the settlement. Jallikattu events provide the opportunity for bulls to be exhibited.
Jallikattu helps bulls establish their pedigree. The calves from such bulls, which have displayed their agility on the sports field, are in great demand.
Male calves are kept only in regions with a tradition of sports like jallikattu. In other regions, male calves are sold and taken to slaughter in only a few days. With the reduced availability of males, farmers have to go for artificial insemination. Native cows do not yield as much milk as the imported breeds and are not supported by breeding programmes. This results in the proliferation of cross-bred cattle. Unless bulls are bred and reared in the region, their offspring will be less likely to adapt to changes in the climate and local environment.
Article 48 of the Constitution requires to the state to “endeavour to organise agriculture and animal husbandry on modern and scientific lines and shall, in particular, take steps for preserving and improving the breeds, and prohibiting the slaughter, of cows and calves and other milch and draught cattle”. Unless we engage with the traditional livestock keepers and support them, we will lose these breeds as well as lay the ground for commercial dairies and slaughter houses to overwhelm small farmers.
Banning jallikattu will hasten this process.
Source: Livestock Survey, 2012.
Himakiran Angula, an organic farmer and entrepreneur based in Chennai, is a trustee of the Seenapathy Kangayam Cattle Research Foundation, an organisation working to conserve native breeds of cattle in Tamil Nadu.
Top Ten Soccer Leagues by Share of Players Remaining in the World Cup
Much has been made of the dominance of the Americas in this World Cup. North and Central American teams surpassed expectations, with the United States and Mexico advancing to the Round of 16 and Costa Rica reaching the quarterfinals. South American teams have fared even better: not just the semifinalists Brazil and Argentina, but Chile, Colombia and Uruguay all making the knockout stages, too.
These countries' success came at the expense of European powers: in particular, Spain, England and Italy, the homes of three of the world's most elite professional leagues.
But as the table shows, the European leagues are still dominating the tournament.
The world's best players come from around the world. Yet the money is in Europe, which means that most of them spend their professional peaks in England, Germany, Italy or Spain.
Some highlights:
How to ask for two beers in lots of useful languages
For those of you planning foreign trips. No responsibility is taken for accuracy of translation or any trouble you may get into if your pronunciation is wrong!
Thanks to Nathan for providing this info (it's all his fault!)
English : Two beers, please
Romanian : Doua beri, va rog
German : Zwei bier, bitte
Spanish : Dos cervezas, por favor
French : Deux bieres, s'il vous plait
Greek : Dhio birres, parakalo
Portuguese : Eu queria duas cervejas por favor
Russian : Dve piver, pajalsta
Hebrew : Shtey Bi'rot, be'va'ka'sha
Finnish : Kaksi olutta, kiitos
Maltese : Due parabira, de nariella
Alsatian : Zwei ber won's belebt
Danish : To oele, tak. (Toe oo-lah, tack.)
Norwegian : To oel, takk
Czech : Dve piva, prosim
Welsh : Dau cwrw os gwelwch yn dda (dye cooroo os gwelook un thar)
Albanian : Dy birra, ju lutem
Italian : Due birre, perfavore
Chinese : Qing gei wo, liang bei pijiu
Japanese : Biru nihon kudasai
Luxembourgish : Zwee beier, wan echgelift
Afrikaans : Twee bier asseblief
Dutch : Twee bier alstublieft
Cantonese : Leung booi bakyu
Icelandic : Ver suo god, eg vil tvaer ol
Korean : mek ju two gay, chu say oh (phonetic)
Vietmanese : xin vui long cho toi hai chai bia (accent marks left out)
Department of Earth Sciences home page
Pete's Page
Peter.Clarke@ncl.ac.uk
Last Modified: 21 Oct 1998
Facebook is already blocking links to so-called “fake news” stories, despite the Washington Post being forced to admit that its own definitive article on “fake news” was based on shoddy research.
A Twitter user revealed how he tried to post an Alex Jones Channel video about ‘PizzaGate' on Facebook but was blocked from doing so because Facebook characterized the YouTube link as “unsafe”.
This suggests that more than just blocking alleged “fake news” websites, Facebook is censoring certain topics from being posted altogether.
@MarkDice @nytimes Facebook's clamping down on Fake News for you New York Times! Tried to post #pizzagate hot tub link today but it's no-go. pic.twitter.com/DYsRMk0LyX — Jock Doubleday (@jockdoubleday) December 8, 2016
The social network giant also appears keen to comply with a European Union demand that all “fake news,” which was listed on a par with hate speech and jihadist propaganda, be censored within 24 hours.
As we reported yesterday, after pressure from academics, Google is also de-listing information pertaining to criticism of Islam and information about black people being overrepesented in crime figures (which is an objective fact).
The notion of social media websites blocking content they arbitrarily decide to be “fake news” is chilling, especially given that the Washington Post has now been forced to admit that its vaunted “fake news” exposé was itself fake after massive blowback.
“A lengthy editor's note appeared on top of the original article in which the editor not only distances the WaPo from the “experts” quoted in the original article whose “work” served as the basis for the entire article (and which became the most read WaPo story the day it was published) but also admits the Post could not “vouch for the validity of PropOrNot's finding regarding any individual media outlet”, in effect admitting the entire story may have been, drumroll “fake news” and conceding the Bezos-owned publication may have engaged in defamation by smearing numerous websites – Zero Hedge included – with patently false and unsubstantiated allegations,” reports Zero Hedge.
Given that the first list of “fake news” websites was also completely debunked as the bias-driven musings of a far-left social justice warrior, what credibility does the mainstream media have left in lecturing everyone else as to what constitutes “fake news”?
Get the REAL list of fake news websites right here.
Dear mainstream media: Calling everyone apart from yourself "fake news" is kind of a hint that you just want to silence your competition. — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) December 8, 2016
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
A tombstone is tattooed on Troy Deeney's right arm. The stone bears the name of his father, Paul Anthony Burke. It records the dates of his birth and death. Lower down the arm are images that depict Paul Anthony Burke's battles with light and darkness.
Higher up, guarded by an angel, is an imagining of the gates of heaven where Deeney believes his father is now at peace. And where the arm meets the shoulder, the eyes of Paul Anthony Burke stare out. It is a tribute still in progress to a man he loved. In time, the eyes will become a face.
Paul Anthony Burke was in and out of prison during much of Deeney's childhood. Deeney does not go into detail about his crimes. He does not see them as something to boast about. And anyway, his father disguised his absences as business trips and holidays when Deeney was young.
Troy Deeney has opened up exclusively to Sportsmail and spoken about how he has turned his life around
Deeney's father Paul Anthony Burke spent much of the now-Watford striker's childhood in and out of prison
He does recall one time his father was away longer than usual. ‘The main one,' he calls that absence. But until Deeney, 27, came to compose his dad's funeral eulogy and sought out the details of his life, he did not realise how much trouble he had been in. ‘He protected us from that,' says Deeney. ‘I always felt he was there for me.'
His father died of cancer of the oesophagus in the summer of 2012, a short time before Deeney was sent to jail for his part in a Birmingham city centre brawl. He raised Deeney as his own although he was not his biological father. ‘My biological father abandoned us before I was born,' says Deeney. ‘The way I think about it, he was just a sperm donor.'
There was a certain formality about Deeney's father. Paul Anthony Burke thought it was right, when first introduced, that he should be addressed by his full name. He was meticulous about extending the same courtesy to others. Deeney will not address someone by their Christian name until he has met them several times. His name was important to his father in other ways, too.
‘He taught me that your last name is your first name,' says Deeney. ‘Your family name is your most important name. So how people see your family name is how people see you before they even meet you. He wanted people to know who he was. My dad did not have fancy cars or gold chains but he made sure his name created respect.'
There was one more thing. Paul Anthony Burke would not allow Deeney and his brothers and sister to take his surname. He knew his name was a byword for trouble in Chelmsley Wood, the suburb of Birmingham where they lived. He insisted they take their mother's name, Deeney. ‘Because of all the stuff he got into, he never wanted us to grow up with the burden of his surname,' says Deeney.
Deeney, now a club captain in the Premier League, feels he learned how to respect others from his father
Deeney was sent to jail for his part in a Birmingham city centre brawl following his father's unfortunate death
His father, who raised Deeney as his own, sadly died of cancer of the oesophagus in the summer of 2012
‘Maybe it will seem strange to some people when I say I admired his morals. But he taught me about responsibility. Never blame anybody else. If you make a mistake, it's your mistake. Don't do something just because someone tells you to do it and then complain if it goes wrong. He demanded good manners and that we stand on our own two feet.
‘Maybe he could have lived more of what we think of as a normal life but that did not appeal to him. Does that mean you are a bad person or just that you made some bad life choices? I believe very strongly that it means the second of those things.'
On Deeney's left arm is another tattoo. It is arranged as a verse three lines deep. ‘I have fought a good fight,' it reads. ‘I have finished the course, I have kept the faith.' It was chosen to explain that when he was faced with the thought of following the same path as his father, he turned away from it.
He turned away from it properly, too. He is frank about the person he once was and relieved that he was given the chance to become who he is now — a husband to his long-time partner, a father to two children, a forward about to fulfill his dream of playing in the Premier League, a feared finisher who has scored 65 league goals in the last three seasons, the captain and driving force of newly-promoted Watford, a better man.
He does not consider that he had a bad childhood. The opposite actually, although his idea of normality will not be familiar to many. To him, it was normal to hear debt collectors knocking on the door of the family flat at the foot of the 19-storey tower block in Chelmsley Wood.
This tattoo is a verse intended to show that he has chosen a different path to that of his beloved dad
Sportsmail's Oliver Holt speaks exclusively to Deeney, who does not hold back on discussing his turnaround
It was normal for his dad to be ‘away' for six or seven months of the year. It was normal for his mum to work three jobs to give her kids the best childhood they could have.
In the space of a few days in February 2012, two events happened that shaped Deeney's life.
One Sunday night, his father phoned and asked if Deeney, then 23, would go with him to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham the next day where he had an appointment with a consultant.
Deeney had then begun to forge a career as footballer. He worked as a bricklayer for a time but Walsall gave him a chance and he scored goals for them. In the summer of 2010, Watford paid £500,000 for him. He started to live life large in Birmingham. A generous man, he soon attracted a coterie of hangers-on who knew he would foot the bill for nights out. He also had a child but he was feckless and footloose and Stacey, the mother of his son, thought about leaving him.
At that time, Paul Anthony Burke had been trying to ignore the pain in his chest and throat for six months. ‘He was old school,' says Deeney. ‘He didn't like hospitals, didn't like pills, didn't like doctors. It was only when he started getting short of breath while he was walking that he decided he had to do something about it.'
The hospital consultant told them the cancer was advanced. ‘They told him he had to come back on the Friday to get the ball rolling with his treatment,' says Deeney. ‘His partner and my partner started crying so he asked them to leave because he didn't like seeing people cry.
‘Then he and I faced it up. I have been through that situation before so I knew the questions to ask. The guy just said it would take a miracle. He was pretty far gone. Going out and seeing the strongest man I know crying wasn't ideal.'
The next evening, Deeney went out in Birmingham. He and his hangers-on and his brother hit the strip of bars and clubs on Broad Street. Deeney got drunk. At the end of the night, out on the street, someone shouted that his brother was being attacked in a fight.
Deeney turned and saw a melee. ‘In a split second, I forgot who I was and what I was,' he says. ‘I just went back in and steam-rollered anything and anyone who was in the way. I could just see a commotion and I thought, “Right, until I find my brother, someone's in the way”. The only people I didn't hit were people I knew. Everyone else was a target.'
CCTV footage showed something else, too. It showed Deeney kicking a student in the head as he lay on the ground. ‘That is my biggest regret,' says Deeney. ‘I hit the guy and he went down and as I have turned round to start fighting again, I felt like a tug on my leg.
‘If you know, in fighting, if someone's grabbing at you, there's a chance he's got a weapon. You don't know what he's got. I just put him out. That's the only part I don't like talking about. That could have gone so far left. The guy could have died because I am a powerful guy. I didn't think about my actions. When the police showed me the video the next day, I couldn't watch.'
Deeney is frank about the person he once was and opens up about the person he feels he is now
Deeney was affected by seeing the strongest man in his life cry following the news of his father's cancer
Life is getting better for Deeney as he is preparing to captain Watford and lead them in the Premier League
Three months after that, his father lost his battle with cancer. He was 47. Deeney read that funeral eulogy. Three days later, he was sentenced to 10 months in jail for affray. Stacey wept in the public gallery at Birmingham Crown Court. From the dock, Deeney pleaded with her to stop.
He served three months of his sentence, first at Winson Green in Birmingham and then at Thorn Cross open prison, near Warrington. He was released early because he had shown his remorse in court and in prison and because it had been his first offence. He emerged from his brief incarceration a changed man.
Stacey had told him before the court case that if he escaped jail, she was going to leave him. ‘She said if I went to jail, she'd stick by me because I was going to need somebody that wasn't after me for my money,' says Deeney. She stayed. His so-called friends did not. Of the many who had accepted his lavish patronage, only a few visited him in jail. When Stacey could not pay the bills, his Watford team-mate, Adrian Mariappa, sent money to keep them afloat.
Deeney was mortified when some of his friends threw a welcome home party for him on his release. ‘I didn't want anyone at my house when I got home,' he says. ‘I just wanted it to be me, my missus and my son. I was a bit embarrassed to be honest. I was ashamed. I was coming home from jail. I wasn't coming home from winning the league. It wasn't time for a celebration.'
Deeney emerged from his brief incarceration a changed man and has used his second chance for good
Deeney was left embarrassed when he was thrown a welcome home party following his release from prison
But Deeney has never looked back. He played for Watford 10 days after his release. He was fitted with an ankle tag, which he had to wear during games. It had to be wrapped in padding and approved by the referee before every match. It stuck out like a deformity, a symbol of his shame. ‘I was so single-minded by then I didn't even notice the tag,' he says.
Deeney has since been Watford's stand-out player, the man whose goals propelled them to promotion to the Premier League at the end of last season. He is bullish about his prospects. ‘I'm not worried about making the step up,' he says. ‘If anything, I'm borderline over-confident.
‘There are not many forwards who are physical like me. Diego Costa is physical. Christian Benteke is sometimes physical. There are not many big strikers like me who don't mind roughing up defenders. I might be a surprise for a few. I might be a pain in the **** for a few. It takes them out of their rhythm.
‘Playing in the Premier League, it was never meant to happen in my mind. It was a million miles away. Playing for Chelmsley Town was the main thing because all the cool kids played there. I thought Walsall would get rid of me. Every time I have thought, “This is my limit”, I have exceeded it. Now, I've got to the stage where I think I have got no limits. No excuses now.
Deeney played for Watford just 10 days after his release, fitted with an ankle tag, and has never looked back
Deeney is blunt about how there are 'not many big strikers like me who don't mind roughing up defenders'
‘Going to prison was the best thing that ever happened to me. The two years leading up to that, I was thinking I was a man because I was going out drinking and paying for everyone.
‘I am happier now, just being content in life. I used to wake up worrying about paying my mum £50 rent. That's pressure. Mum saying that debt collectors are coming: that's pressure.
‘Captaining Watford against Everton on the first day of the Premier League season, that's not pressure. That's enjoyment. That's a reason to smile.'
Deeney is living up to what Paul Anthony Burke asked of him. He took responsibility for what he did that night in February 2012, he sought no one else to blame, he stood up and rebuilt his life and his career. He has become a polite, articulate, honest man, uninterested in trying to gloss over what happened.
Was there ever a danger that he would follow the same path as his father? He thinks for a minute. ‘I would never have gone all the way because I know what that brings,' he says. ‘Going down that road, there are not many that come out happy.'
Dan Wolf | Virginia Christian Alliance
Living in the Land of Lies discussed some progressive principles, how they impact society and differ from our founding ideas. Progressive ideas are not limited to any particular political party. This article draws from the 2016 Democratic Party Platform, a platform steeped in progressive ideas representing man's enlightenment of himself. Man turned toward man, or man and man alone.
At its heart, the Democratic platform presents government solutions to all our current problems. Actions requiring government expenditures and intervention. The words invest, investing, and investment occur over 60 times in just 50 pages. Some of their stated ends I agree with, but it's not just the ends alone that matter. The means used to achieve them are at least as important—and overlooked.
This article refutes the economic and moral bases underlying the Democratic platform. The Democrats approach fails in both cases. The next article examines three specific policy areas from their platform.
The Economic Argument
Like everything else, government is not free. Whenever a new government solution is created, a whole host of new activities are required to support it. These include;
Application processing
Application approval
Fund disbursements
Overseeing solution compliance
Program audits
Investigating out of compliance instances
Enforcement actions when non-compliance is found
Solution management
Solution support functions, such as IT and Operations
Each new regulation or law requires hundreds, and in some cases thousands, of new federal employees for support. Not one of these new positions creates any economic value, and probably takes away from it. In general, government is a fiscally irresponsible problem-solving approach. It is estimated the federal government provides about $ .30 in services for each tax dollar it receives.[1] A private charity performing at this level would likely be prosecuted for fraud or malfeasance. From a Biblical view it is bad stewardship, and man was charged with stewarding God's creation.
But It's Not Just About Government
The good news doesn't end there. Additional expenses are not only incurred by government whenever one of their solutions is implemented, but each and every organization subject to the new requirements also incurs additional costs for;
Applications
Expenditures
Compliance monitoring
Audit
Management
Support functions
None of these new program related activities add value to the economy either. These new functions produce nothing. Instead they increase costs and reduce profitability if the increases cannot be passed on to those using the goods or services. Even if the cost increases are passed on, they take disposable income that would have been used to make other purchases. The only party winning under this approach is government itself. Everyone else loses, except the few well connected elite.
The Moral Argument
It is now time for the moral argument. God is good. If He weren't, you probably wouldn't be here because neither you nor your ancestors would have been created. You would not have been granted the gift of existence.
Someone good must be virtuous—righteous or morally upright. Justice is the virtue of giving each their due. An example. A worker earns their wages and should be paid what they have earned. It is morally right. Doing the moral thing is good. Therefore a moral being must give someone what they have earned, what they are due. As God is not only good, but the source of good, He must also be morality's source. As God is creation's Creator, He is also its Governor. In Jonathan Edwards' words;
[T]he Creator of the world is doubtless also the Governor of it. He that had power to give being to the world, and set all the parts of it in order, has doubtless power to dispose of the world, to continue the order he has constituted, or to alter it.[2]
God's governance is the only absolute power. This governance requires communication. As Governor, God's law is one means of communicating His commands to His creation. This is referred to as the law of Nature's God contained within scripture. As Creator, His law is supreme. Man's disobedience is therefore rebellion, a rebellion that is the closest man can come to committing a capital crime against God. If God is just, man must be punished for that rebellion. There is no balance as envisioned by pagan thought, no mixing between good works and bad works. Virtue is not a balance. There are only fully virtue and vice. Our individual choices make the difference.
The Difference Between Pagan and Christian Morality
Christianity provides a unique solution to the pagan paradox noted above. “Paganism declared that virtue was a balance. Christianity declared it was in a conflict; the collision of two passions apparently opposite.”[3] Conflict within a will to do good or evil, to promote virtue or practice vice. This view is Christianity's key to ethics. Paganism holds this passion to be a mixture, a blending of white and black into gray. Accepting this pagan view means becoming not too much of anything. One is neither too prideful nor too humble, too boastful nor too meek. However, when one strives to become not too much of anything, they also become not much of anything. We do not fulfill our purpose as we do not utilize the gifts we've each received.
What Does This Have To Do with Politics?
Quite simply we belong to Him, and this is true in two ways. The first is through our creation by Him. In this sense of belonging we have no choice. The second is through our obedience to Him as Governor. In this second sense we have a choice, for we were each given the gift of free will. The ability to choose the actions we take. This is freedom, and we cannot fulfill our purpose without it. Through our choices we are “not merely to be his subjects and servants, but to be his children.”[4]
Governance is to have a moral foundation. This requires communication between Creator and created, between Governor and governed, in order to promote His declarations, methods, rules, and enforcements. This understanding is necessary in order for us to choose obedience. This understanding requires revelation. We are not born with it. The only way we learn it is through education, but we've shut God out of our government, schools, the public square, and even some of our churches. All in the name of a corrupted idea labeled ‘separation of church and state.' A perversion of the original idea created by man's legal mind.
The Biblical View
This morality requires self-sacrifice. Several passages in both the Old and New Testaments point this out. “[S]o we, who are many, are one body in Christ, and individually members one of another. Since we have gifts that differ according to the grace given to us, each of us is to exercise them accordingly.”[5] All power comes from God. “For there is no authority except from God, and those which exist are established by God.”[6] Rulers are not exempt from this “for rulers are servants of God.”[7]
Finally, “You know that those who are recognized as rulers of the Gentiles lord it over them; and their great men exercise authority over them. But it is not this way among you, but whoever wishes to become great among you shall be your servant; and whoever wishes to be first among you shall be slave of all.”[8] There is a distinction between man's governance and God's. Man uses his power to be served, God's exerts His power to serve others.
Moral Leadership
Moral leaders create environments promoting virtue and unity as a people. This virtue and unity produces good, leads to prosperity, and promotes peace. Immoral leaders, on the other hand, promote vice and create division among a people. Vice and division lead to weakness, jealousy, envy, and hate. It promotes strife and discord. It leads to war, either with other nations or civil war within. Look at the last nine years. Which road are we on?
Political parties make little difference. We can look at the irresponsible spending under Bush the younger's administration. Spending that accelerated under the Obama Administration. Their excuses do not matter, because the problems they cite were in turn caused by poor governance and other weak minded decision making. Division increased under Obama along many fronts. Racial tensions increased, as did difference between genders, sexual orientation, and the divide between those that have and those that do not. We can look at issues such as abortion, gay marriage, gender confusion and many others. These are the result of a society that has lost its way because we no longer teach what is necessary for success. It is evidence we are no longer a single people. Sodom and Gomorrah are here.
There is no freedom without faith, and if our faith wanes so will our freedom. We will not be able to manage self-governance. Instead we will trade our freedom for economic security, a promised security that can never be delivered because it is a false promise. Our security is our responsibility. Giving that responsibility to another is an illusion, one for which we are ultimately held accountable.
The next article examines the areas of education, poverty, and healthcare within the Democratic platform.
Dan Wolf is a researcher, analyst, and author. He has written three books examining the relationship between faith, freedom, virtue, and charity. Together these form the cornerstone of our purpose, and our society's foundational principles derived from those relationships. Links to his work can be found at the Living Rightly website.
[1] Edwards, James Rolph, The Costs of Public Income Redistribution and Private Charity, p. 3, Journal of Libertarian Studies, Vol. 21, No. 2, Summer, 2007.
[2] Edwards, Jonathan, The Works of Jonathan Edwards, Vol. 2, p. 937, Hendrickson Publishers, 2006.
[3] Chesterton, G.K., Orthodoxy, p.59, Jefferson Publication, 2015.
[4] Edwards, Jonathan, The Works of Jonathan Edwards, Vol. 2, p. 939, Hendrickson Publishers, 2006.
[5] Romans 12:5-6, New American Standard Bible.
[6] Romans 13:1, Ibid.
[7] Romans 13:6, Ibid.
[8] Mark 10:42-44, Ibid.
Hey so y'all remember when I was talking about new breweries popping up all over the place? Well, here's the info on another Orange County brewery opening soon (like this Sunday, Sept. 7th soon) this time in Huntington Beach, Four Sons Brewery! I had the opportunity to drop by whilst I was in HB with the husband and meet two of the “four sons” and chat a bit about beer and brewing.
The assumptions are true, the brewery is named after the family which has four sons and own the brewery as a family. “We are a very close family and do almost everything together,” said Deven Dufresne (on of the four sons). “You must live close by,” I blurted…hoping to not come off too creepy. “Yeah, like five minutes down the road,” Deven casually responded. Good, didn't freak him out. “We really wanted to open a place in Huntington because it's our home and we love it here,” Deven continued as I sipped my delicious coconut amber beer. Their flagship and most well-known so far beer is their amber with coconut that has some of the most pronounced coconut flavors that I've ever had in a beer that manages to be so clean and drinkable.
So, Sean (husband) and I love to chat with brewers about beer. Being homebrewers and professional lovers of craft beer we could talk about styles and ideas for hours. I spied a nitro tap handle and probed Deven for insight on what they anticipate on the nitro tap and then bounced around ideas of some unexpected nitro beers. Vanilla Bean Hef on Nitro anyone? Please and thank you.
We also got to taste their raspberry blond which I almost didn't want to try in fear the raspberry flavor would come from an extract or shortcut for flavor and my palate can sniff out an artificial fruit flavor a mile away. It tastes like chalky lipstick to me. My worries were dashed away the moment this beer touched my lips and my eyes grew wide…”you made this with actual raspberries?!” Deven laughed and said, “We used some 35 pounds of raspberries for this beer. It made quite a mess!” The blond was well-balanced and had a slight tart tang to it, which I had described out loud and commented about how beautiful the hue was. “We added some hibiscus to enhance the color and add a little more flavor complexity,” Deven said while nodded enthusiastically. Yessss…more hibiscus beers!!
The taproom wasn't super huge but it had a nice homey vibe and some cool design aesthetics. Apparently they are already thinking of expanding to the crossfit place next door. I feel like this is a trend lately so all you breweries who are in the planning stages, think big because expansion is almost always what happens as long as your beer is good and you have loyal customers. Come by and check them out this weekend, they will be at OC Brew Ha Ha on Saturday and Sunday is their Grand Opening!
18421 Gothard St., Ste. 100
Huntington Beach, CA 92648
Hours of Operation:
Monday: 4-9pm
Tuesday: CLOSED
Wednesday: 4-9pm
Thursday: 4-9pm
Friday: 12-10pm
Saturday: 12-10pm
Sunday: 12-8pm
Frank goes solo
With each new update for Dead Rising 4, my enthusiasm diminishes. In what is sure to be the final nail in the coffin for most, Frank West's new adventure won't feature campaign co-op. In a special stream on the ExpertZone_Community Twitch channel, Capcom Vancouver played a demo with some employees answering questions about the upcoming zombie action game.
David McAnerin (who was surprisingly hard to find on Google) gave a definitive response on whether or not the story mode would feature co-op of any form. The short, sad answer is no. The longer answer can be read in this transcript (or in the video at the 18:10 time stamp);
Fan Question: Is this game going to be four player co-op and if so, what's the type of mode is it? Capcom (David McAnerin, Producer): Yeah, we have an online four player modes. So, in the story mode, it's a single player story mode, you're going to play just as Frank…The four player co-op is our multiplayer mode. It's a little bit inspired by the original Infinity mode for the old school fans. It's four player co-op. It takes place in the mall. You play as four survivors who are also featured in the story as well. You get a little more backstory on them, as well. You go into the mall and take part in crazy missions, trying to survive. The structure is, the four of you start the game together, you start in a safe house; you get a load up, get some weapons, get yourself ready to go; we unlock the doors, it's killing, mayhem, madness lots of interesting missions that take advantage of our systems…You have to get to the safe house to survive the end of the day.
To me, that sounds more like Left 4 Dead or some lame throwaway bonus mode. The true joy of Dead Rising 2 was experiencing everything with a friend. While I've certainly enjoyed the series on my own, I had a transformative experience with both 2 and Off The Record when playing with friends, so to lose that just hurts.
I'm not sure I can even muster up the energy to care about this title anymore. With T.J. Rotolo being replaced and the time limit getting cut, what is left in Dead Rising 4 to even tie it back to the main series? No two games in a series should be the same, but this seems to be catering to a mainstream audience.
I'm really tired of reading about companies turning their backs on the fans that made them famous. Dead Rising was successful because it offered something new and hilarious during a period where the Xbox 360 was still making a name for itself. Fans liked all of the crazy opportunities present along with the rigid and unforgiving structure of the title.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Two people were taken to hospital following separate shootings in Winnipeg on Wednesday night but police don't believe they are connected.
Gertie Street between Elgin and William avenues was blocked late Wednesday night while police investigated a shooting. (Cliff Simpson/CBC) Police say one person was found shot in the 200 block of Provencher Boulevard, in the St. Boniface neighbourhood, at around 5 p.m.
Then just after 6 p.m., a man was found shot on the 600 block of Elgin Avenue in the West Alexander neighbourhood.
Police shut down part of Provencher for about an hour but have since cleared the scene. Investigators were still at the Elgin scene as of Thursday morning.
In both cases, the victims were taken to hospital in critical condition and later upgraded to stable. Police have no information on suspects or arrests in either incident.
Lindsay Richard, who works near home of the Provencher shooting scene, called it a party house and said she often sees people coming and going from there.
Police are also well aware of it, she said, noting there seems to be a police car showing up every other day.
"I'm not so sure what goes on there. During the day it's not too bad, but it's [trouble] at night," she said.
It may seem like a ludicrous idea today, but if this early 20th century food movement had been successful, the swamps of Louisiana might be filled with hippos, who would feast on the region's invasive water hyacinths and provide meat for America's tables.
Jon Mooallem's fascinating long read American Hippopotamus, which is available through the Atavist and as a Kindle Single, details the circumstances that led up to this remarkable proposal. In 1910, the United States, with its growing population and many of its native animals hunted to extinction, was facing a meat shortage. Frederick Russell Burnham, a famed American scout, had a novel idea to beef up the country's dwindling meat supply: import animals from Africa. Burnham is the star of Mooaellem's piece and with good reason; he was a highly skilled scout whose exploits the Matabele Wars and Second Boer War were legendary, and he was a key inspiration for the Boy Scouts of America. While settled in a secluded part of Pasadena, Burnham began to think about repopulating the landscape with the animals he had encountered during his time in southern Africa. In 1910, the New York Independent published his article "Transplanting African Animals."
Burnham's earlier attempt to advocate for the importation of African animals had fallen apart, despite support from President Theodore Roosevelt. But in 1910, Burnham's quest lined up nicely with the designs of Congressman Robert Foligny Broussard, a Democrat from New Iberia, Louisiana. Broussard's district had a peculiar problem that he believed Burnham's import scheme might be able to solve. That problem was the water hyacinth, a flower that had been brought to New Orleans by the Japanese delegation to an international cotton exposition in 1884. The asexually reproducing plant proved a menace, clogging up waterways used by cargo ships and causing the deaths of numerous fish. Mooallem writes that Broussard was a politician who "liked to plug up problems with big solutions." And he saw the introduction of hippos as killing two oxpeckers with one stone: the hippos, Broussard had been assured, would happily chow down on the water hyacinth and serve as a new source of meat for the country.
Broussard introduced H.R. 23261, commonly known as the hippo bill, "to appropriate $250,000 for the importation of useful new animals into the United States." Along with Fritz Duquesne (more on him later), Broussard and Burnham cofounded the New Food Supply Society, a fledgling group to investigate and promote the idea of importing hippos and other African animals, and sent Duquesne on a fact-finding mission to Louisiana. The Washington Post assured the public that the US would see shipments of hippos within a few years.
However, those shipments never arrived. Despite the initial burst of energy and press excitement, the movement to import and ranch the hippopotamus fizzled out. Burnham saw the beginning of the end when one congressman argued that unscrupulous hunters would sneak onto the farms and hunt them for trophies. The Department of Agriculture would eventually decide that the way to answer the question of the meat supply was not to diversify the animals on our plate but to increase the land available for beef. Instead of the swamps becoming home to hippos, many would be converted to beef-friendly agricultural land.
Mooallem's piece actually goes beyond the question of hippo meat and focuses on Burnham and Duquesne, who were themselves sort of American hippopotamuses: larger-than-life figures who felt at home on the African continent. Long before they became allies over the hippo proposal, Burnham and Duquesne had served on opposite sides of the Second Anglo-Boer and were actually tasked with killing one another. They knew and respected each other by reputation; Duquesne, a Huguenot by upbringing, was known as the "Black Panther" and his daring escapes and sometimes fictitious escapades made him a romantic figure. But in the years following the formation of the New Food Supply Society, Duquesne's longstanding hatred of the British prompted him to become a spy and saboteur for the German forces. He had a deeply bizarre career that includes faking his own death (and then undoing it), posing as an Australian infantryman and giving lectures on his daring feats against the Germans, a daring escape from Bellevue Hospital, and the formation of his very own spy ring during World War II. Burnham, on the other hand, would eventually become wealthy after striking oil, but continued to dedicate his life and activities to conservation and a sense of preparedness, the same ideals that made him dream of hippos in the American South.
Advertisement
American Hippopotamus 6 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
Hippo photo by Peter Harrison.
[American Hippopotamus]
Ever copied and pasted text from various web sites and found some extra text in your clipboard that wasn't included in the text you selected? Here's how to stop this annoying (and privacy-invading) behavior.
Recently, a company called Tynt has been providing a service to sites that allows them to automatically add citations to any text copied and pasted from their site. You can find Tynt's dirty work on The New Yorker (as seen on this page) and on other publications like Wired, Sports Illustrated, and Politico. If you try to copy any text from The New Yorker, for example, the pasted output will look like this (notice the citation at the end, which wasn't in the text I selected and copied):
Bisphenol A, commonly known as BPA, may be among the world's most vilified chemicals. The compound, used in manufacturing polycarbonate plastic and epoxy resins, is found in plastic goggles, face shields, and helmets; baby bottles; protective coatings inside metal food containers; and composites and sealants used in dentistry. Read more: http://www.newyorker.com/reporting/2010…
This can be pretty annoying if you're just copying the text for your own purposes, and even more annoying if you would cite the text, since everyone almost certainly has their own style that they prefer (or have to) follow—not to mention the security and privacy concerns that come with Tynt sending tracking information to their servers without your consent.
Advertisement
Rants about the service aside, there are a few easy ways to disable Tynt's heavy-handed service. The simplest for Google Chrome users is Tynt Blocker, a simple extension that alerts you the first time you visit a Tynt-enabled site and asks you if you want to block the script.
The geekier-but-more-broadly-effective solution, courtesy of John Gruber over at Daring Fireball, is to edit your /etc/hosts file to block access to Tynt's server. We've covered how to edit this file in Method 2 of our guide to banning time-wasting web sites. Follow those directions to locate your host file (Windows Vista and 7 users will find their host file in the same place as in Windows XP), open it in a text editor, and add this line to the end of it:
127.0.0.1 tcr.tynt.com
Save the file and quit. From now on, Tynt's clipboard-invasion tactics should no longer work. Hit the Daring Fireball post for more information on Tynt's service, and let us know what you think of it (and the above fixes) in the comments.
Advertisement
Tynt, the Copy/Paste Jerks [Daring Fireball]
Netflix has become known for rebooting classic television shows, and its latest project will be taking it into the depths of space with a reboot of the classic 1965 science fiction drama Lost in Space.
The streaming media company announced yesterday that it has picked up the show for a 10-episode first season, which is expected to stream worldwide starting in 2018. The reboot will be run by Zack Estrin, one of the executive producers for Prison Break, and written by Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless (Dracula Untold, Power Rangers). Game of Thrones director Neil Marshall is also attached the project. The new show will be produced by Legendary Pictures which has been working bring the show to Netflix since late 2015.
The original Lost in Space television show first aired in 1965 on CBS. Over the course of its 83-episode run, the series followed the Robinson family as they set off for Alpha Centauri. The mission goes awry when the crew's doctor sabotages the starship and sends it deep into space. The family's misadventures were ultimately cut short with the show's cancellation in 1968.
This isn't the first time Lost in Space has been resurrected.
This isn't the first time Lost in Space has been resurrected. In 1998, New Line Cinemas produced a feature film directed by Stephen Hopkins. Starring William Hurt and Matt LeBlanc, it garnered widely negative reviews. In 2003, the WB commissioned a pilot directed by John Woo but failed to pick it up for a full series order. The franchise languished until 2014, when Legendary picked it up for a fresh adaptation.
It'll be interesting to see just how the new incarnation of the story is adapted on Netflix, especially with one of the executive producers behind Prison Break. Other rebooted science fiction television shows such as Battlestar Galactica have returned with a far more serious take than their original source material, and Netflix noted that this new version would be ready to please fan of the original show while bringing in modern audiences. A dark, modern drama is certainly something Netflix can deliver to viewers, but hopefully, they'll keep the classic phrase "Danger, Will Robinson," somewhere in there.
An earthquake of 6.2 magnitude was registered in the border area between Russia, China and North Korea, the US Geological Survey said Friday.
The epicenter of the quake was 9km from the Russian village of Zarubino, about 60km northeast of the North Korean city of Aodzhiri and approximately 608 km from the capital Pyongyang. No casualties or damage have been reported.
The earthquake struck at a depth of 561.9 km.
As the epicenter of the quake is not within North Korea itself, the South Korean Defense Ministry said that the quake did in fact result from natural causes, and not a nuclear test.
Both earthquakes and nuclear tests create seismic waves, and the earthquake comes as Pyongyang has recently threatened to launch a nuclear strike against the US.
On Friday, North Korea warned that it would be unable to guarantee the safety of embassies and international organizations in the country in the event of conflict starting from April 10.
In March, a 6.1-magnitude earthquake shook the northern part of Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula in the country's Far East, and a 6.9 earthquake struck south of the peninsula in late February.
Neither resulted in causalities nor significant damages.
An underground formation in the area known as the Kuril-Kamchatka arc is one of the most seismically active regions in the world.
The USGS says that since 1900, seven massive earthquakes registering 8.3 on the Richter Scale or higher have occurred along the arc.
We are sorry to report that Extreme Kids & Crew's CAP House was vandalized sometime over the weekend of April 19th and 20th. CAP House is an intimate, sensory play space located within Crispus Attucks park in Bed Stuy designed for children with special needs ages 6 months to 5 years of age.
While this is certainly sad news, at least no one was hurt and this was not a malicious attack. It looks a mess, but it's not beyond repair. It will be up and running as soon as possible for the many families that depend on it.
If you'd like to make a donation to help remake CAP House, you can use the donation page https://donatenow.networkforgood.org/extremekidsandcrew and make a note that you'd like it to be used for CAP.
Copy Source
Kenneth E. Warner is the Avedis Donabedian distinguished university professor of public health and former dean of the School of Public Health at the University of Michigan.
The Food and Drug Administration was right to assert their authority to regulate novel products containing nicotine and/or tobacco. They must use that authority wisely, however. Novel products such as e-cigarettes hold the potential to help thousands of Americans to quit smoking. Vaping is unquestionably less dangerous than smoking. The trick, then, is how to regulate e-cigarettes and other novel products to maximize their potential to reduce harm while simultaneously discouraging their use by young people who otherwise would never be exposed to nicotine.
The announced regulations target potential young smokers sensibly. But they fail to encourage the development of harm-reducing lower-risk products. To the contrary, the exacting demands for submitting a new tobacco product application, which will be required of the vast majority of novel products, including e-cigarettes, will impose a production and financial cost that few manufacturers will be able to meet. As these firms and their products disappear, smokers will be afforded fewer low-risk alternatives to smoking and some will pay the ultimate price as a consequence.
Even if e-cigarettes prove a lasting risk on kids, those kids will not experience the consequences for 40 years, during which time 10 million adults will die prematurely from smoking.
There is a better way. The F.D.A. should evaluate classes of products, like e-cigarettes. For those it determines are substantially less hazardous than smoking, the agency should establish basic standards, prohibiting or limiting exposure to toxic substances not essential to creating the products. Manufacturers would simply have to demonstrate that their products complied. The F.D.A. should also require product advertising to be directed only to adult smokers and to focus solely on harm reduction potential. It could even require advertising and packaging to inform consumers that while these products are not risk-free, they are significantly less dangerous than smoking and should be used instead of combusted tobacco products if smokers are otherwise unable to quit. Unfortunately, today e-cigarettes cannot legally make such health claims despite their self-evident truth.
The government's current approach to e-cigarettes, as voiced by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and now the F.D.A., is hugely unbalanced, emphasizing the hypothetical risk to children while ignoring the potential harm reduction benefits for adult smokers. Even if products like e-cigarettes prove to impose a lasting risk on a small subset of kids – there is no good evidence to that effect to date – those kids will not experience the adverse consequences for the next four decades. During that period, more than 10 million adults will die prematurely from smoking, each losing on average 20 years.
The F.D.A.'s announced new product regulation is likely to squander an opportunity to hasten the demise of the enormous toll of combusted tobacco.
Join Opinion on Facebook and follow updates on twitter.com/roomfordebate.
Muslim governmental officials -- not "ISIS" -- in nations such as Brunei, Somalia, and Tajikistan continue openly and formally to express their hostility for Christmas and Christianity. And extremist Muslims -- not "ISIS" -- continue to terrorize and slaughter Christians on Christmas in nations as diverse as Bangladesh, Belgium, the Congo, Germany, Indonesia, Iran, Nigeria, Philippines, Syria, the West Bank, and even the United States.
On Christmas Day in the West Bank, two Muslims were arrested for setting a Christmas tree on fire in a Christian-majority village near Jenin. On the same day in Bethlehem, Muslim rioters greeted the Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem with a hail of stones. Authorities subsequently arrested 16 "Salafi radicals" who were planning to carry out terror attacks against tourists celebrating Christmas.
If this was Christmas in Bethlehem -- Christ's birthplace and scene of the Nativity -- Christmas in other parts of the world experienced similar abuse.
In the United States, a 46-year-old Christian mother of three was among the 14 people killed in the San Bernardino terrorist attack targeting a Christmas party. Ironically, Bennetta Bet-Badal had fled Iran for the U.S. when she was 18 to escape the persecution of Christians after the 1979 Islamic revolution. After graduating from college with a degree in chemistry and marrying and raising three children, the jihad caught up with her. She was attending a Christmas luncheon and bringing gifts to her co-workers when Muslim terrorists burst in and massacred them.
Belgium resembled Bethlehem: A video appeared showing a number of youths lighting a firebomb under a Christmas tree in Brussels. Seconds later, there is an explosion, and the tree is engulfed in flames. Young men shouting "Allahu Akbar," ["Allah is Greater"] run away. The person who originally uploaded the video, Mohamed Amine, has since taken his Facebook page down.
In Germany, four Eastern Orthodox Christians were accosted in the early morning hours after Christmas Day in Berlin by a man shouting, "I am a Muslim! What are you?" The man and his friends then attacked and violently beat the Christians.
The few anecdotes of Muslims terrorizing, beating, and even killing Christians on the occasion of Christmas in the West -- where Muslims are minorities -- were expanded in Muslim-majority nations.
Stifling Christmas
In Syria, the Islamic State "arrested, if not executed, some youths [five] in the city of Raqqa for befriending and greeting Christians on the occasion of Christmas." ISIS reportedly told the five youths that "they are being detained after an investigation [including their personal computers], found that they greeted the Christians and wished them a Happy New Year." When one of the youths tried to clear himself, an ISIS member replied: "Shut up! You accompany the Christians -- is that not so?" The five youths were then hauled to an unknown location. There has been no further information on their fate.
ISIS was not alone. The governments of three countries -- Somalia, Tajikistan, and Brunei -- formally banned Christmas (celebrating its Gospel message, putting up trees, dressing like Santa Claus, and giving gifts). Transgressors can face up to five years in prison. Some Islamic clerics in Brunei stated: "Using religious symbols such as crosses, lighting candles, putting up Christmas trees, singing religious songs, sending Christmas greetings ... are against the Islamic faith."
In Bangladesh, churches skipped traditional Christmas midnight mass because of the increasing number of threats against, and attacks on, Christian leaders. Although Christians constitute less than one percent of the Muslim nation, more than three dozen church leaders received death threats and at least four narrowly escaped attempts on their lives.
Although not canceled, Christmas church services were tense and on high alert in the supposedly most "moderate" Muslim nation, Indonesia. More than 150,000 security personnel and others were deployed to safeguard churches around the country during Christmas and New Year's Eve celebrations. Days earlier, on December 20, police arrested six men who had bomb-making materials and jihadi literature.
On December 25 in Iran, a group of about 10 Christians celebrating Christmas were verbally abused and arrested after plain-clothes government agents raided a private service in their home. Separately, on December 23, agents beat, handcuffed, and arrested a Christian man during a raid on his home. His books, computer, mobile phone, and a decorated Christmas tree were seized.
Christmas Carnage
On December 24 in the Philippines, Muslim jihadis terrorized the Christian-majority nation after they seized and executed 10 Christians. A military spokesman said the terrorist attack was intentionally launched on Christmas Eve "to make a statement."
On December 25 in Nigeria, the Islamic group, Boko Haram, slaughtered 16 Christians, including children. The jihadi group has been bombing churches and massacring Christians on Christmas Day for several years in a row. One of the deadliest attacks occurred in 2011, when the jihadis bombed a Catholic church during Christmas mass. They killed 39 and wounded hundreds.
On Christmas Eve in the Democratic Republic of Congo, over 50 people of the Christian-majority nation were massacred by the Ugandan-based group, ADF-Nalu, which "has acquired in recent years the characterization of a jihadist movement."
On Christmas Eve in Iraq, the Islamic State bombed ten Christian homes and a convent in the Assyrian village of Tel Kepe. Several people were injured. On December 30, members of the Islamic State bombed several Christian-owned restaurants in Syria; 16 people were murdered.
Left: The Miami restaurant was bombed by the Islamic State, one of three Christian-owned restaurants bombed in Qamishli, Syria on December 30, killing 16 people. Right: A number of youths set fire to a Christmas tree in a public square in Brussels, Belgium, while yelling "Allahu Akbar" ["Allah is Greater"].
Muslim governmental officials -- not "ISIS" -- in nations such as Brunei, Somalia, and Tajikistan continue openly and formally to express their hostility for Christmas and Christianity. And extremist Muslims -- not "ISIS" -- continue to terrorize and slaughter Christians on Christmas in nations as diverse as Bangladesh, Belgium, the Congo, Germany, Indonesia, Iran, Nigeria, Philippines, Syria, the West Bank, and even the United States.
Documentary films have become more diverse, experimental and popular than ever before. Here we consider why, and survey the genre's game-changers
The Guardian relaunches Guardian documentaries Read more
As long as there have been films, a few have had the temerity to be about stuff that actually happened in the real world. Yet across the course of the last century, documentaries were relegated to the bottom of the industry's cultural hierarchy, coming to be seen as something less than cinema – glorified television perhaps, or the hallmark of a slow release week.
In the last decade, all that's been turned on its head, as a handful of factors has conspired to render non-fiction film-making the liveliest pocket of the cinematic coat. For one thing, the films themselves – singular creations such as The Arbor, Citizenfour and Banksy's Exit Through The Gift Shop – have fought tooth and nail to expand not just their audiences but their horizons. They've rejected the insipid library music and staid talking heads of yesteryear and instead borrowed from the rainbow of stylistic devices available to dramatic film-makers.
Technology has also levelled the cinematic playing field. As more and more films have left the cinema and arrived in our homes, or on our phones, documentaries have been spared the Sisyphean task of competing with the latest Marvel Studios megalith for each potential ticket sale. Instead, fiction and non-fiction are now thrown together on low-cost subscription services that draw no distinction between the two. And while new camera and editing technologies have been adopted across the film industry, they've been especially beneficial to doc-makers, who can now effortlessly sift through 10 hours of dung beetles in search of one perfect shot for Planet Earth II.
Our appetite for documentaries has changed, too. Viewers will today binge-watch serialised doc OJ: Made In America in a single weekend, and push Louis Theroux's first big-screen outing towards the £1m mark at the UK box office. At the same time, dyed-in-the-wool fiction film-makers – from MOR kingpin Ron Howard to leftfield darling Jim Jarmusch and Selma director Ava DuVernay – are scrambling to jump aboard the non-fiction bandwagon.
Institutions that continue to distinguish between docs and dramas, meanwhile, feel increasingly anachronistic, as the line between fiction and non-fiction films begins to blur. Indeed, many of the key works of this burgeoning documentary golden age have blended real and fictive elements with abandon. Joshua Oppenheimer's The Act Of Killing remains perhaps the only Oscar nominee in which a confessed murderer performs a song-and-dance number under a waterfall.
That kind of nuance seems to be spreading, with audiences welcoming a new definition of documentary that's broader and livelier than ever before. Here are just a few of the vibrant scenes springing up in the land of the real… CL
STAR VEHICLES
Michael Moore, outside Trumpland.
Sometimes it's less about the story than who's telling it – and you trust the brand even if you don't know exactly what you're getting. Some film-makers literally have a voice: Werner Herzog's films wouldn't be the same without his trademark Teutonic disdain; Adam Curtis's lecturing style adds to the portent of his revelations. It's difficult to imagine others getting the same results if they stayed behind the camera. And they do get results.
Michael Moore in TrumpLand review – part dingus, part holy roller aiming to help Clinton Read more
Michael Moore's campaigning films might not swing elections but they shape national debates (as with his recent Michael Moore In TrumpLand). Grayson Perry has a disarming way of getting along with absolutely anyone. Louis Theroux's excruciating silences force people to talk. And Nick Broomfield's shambolic investigations often get to truth (his last film for HBO targeted serial killer The Grim Sleeper, who's since been apprehended). They're accused of seeking the limelight but it's never easy or safe making films like this. After all, putting yourself in the frame often means putting yourself on the line.
NOW SHOWING: Grayson Perry explores transgender identity in Born Risky, a series of shorts on All 4. Werner Herzog's latest Lo And Behold: Reveries Of The Connected World is out on DVD and Blu-ray on 5 Dec, while his Into The Inferno is currently on Netflix. Book in some time for HyperNormalisation, Adam Curtis's 166-minute study of where we are now via BBC iPlayer. SR
NEW-GEN ROCK DOCS
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Liam Gallagher of Oasis in Mat Whitecross's Supersonic. Photograph: Ignition/eOne
Dust swirls over Nick Cave's piano in 3D as the grief process and the creative process collide in Andrew Dominik's One More Time With Feeling. Wilko Johnson plays chess with Death in Julien Temple's 11th-hour biopic about the Dr Feelgood guitarist. Wolf Alice share their bus with actors in Michael Winterbottom's part-fictionalised tour diary, On The Road. The sheer quantity of music documentaries being produced today is overwhelming – but notable too is their quality. No longer just a part of the album promo cycle, they are flashing a AAA pass at the realm of high art.
Supersonic review – Oasis pop history lesson ignores battles Read more
The last three years have produced two masterpieces of archival profiling in Amy and Cobain: Montage Of Heck. Meanwhile, Cave has invited the cameras in not once but twice (first for intimate portrait 20,000 Days On Earth). This year, Mat Whitecross's cunningly edited Supersonic reunited Oasis in spirit rather than reality. The BBC4's recent investment in music stories – their Kate Bush docs have proved particularly popular – also speaks volumes about the medium's burgeoning appeal. You no longer have to dig the subject's back catalogue to fall under a music doc's spell.
COMING SOON: Gimme Danger. Jim Jarmusch's new Stooges doc is out in cinemas from 18 November; One More Time With Feeling is in limited cinemas on 1 December. BT
ARTISTIC ACTIVISM
The revolution will be televised, it seems – maybe even on the big screen. Activist docs have risen in the 21st century to encompass varied voices, spanning Michael Moore's blockbuster style to smart unions such as Brit director Michael Winterbottom and Canadian activist Naomi Klein (The Shock Doctrine), historic archives and modern revelations.
13th review – Ava DuVernay's angry, persuasive film about the jailing of black men Read more
Most of these films highlight grassroots issues; many now command powerful platforms. Writer-director Ava DuVernay recently released 13th, examining the US constitution's treatment of slavery, incarceration and race relations, which recently opened the New York film festival. Dawn Porter's Trapped, about US abortion laws, has been tipped for the Oscars. Cowspiracy, an agriculture industry doc, inspired a new version, exec-produced by Hollywood's foremost eco warrior Leonardo DiCaprio.
The mainstream impact of independent docs can be startling and their scope can prove galvanising, whether it's the Aids activism doc How To Survive A Plague or Dreamcatcher's stories of Chicago sex workers. There's also Everyday Rebellion, about global non-violent resistance, described by its directors the Riahi brothers as “a celebration of life”. An optimistic idea drives the heaviest docs: that film can effect real change.
NOW SHOWING: There's more eco-Leo in climate change treatise Before The Flood, currently streaming on Nat Geo's YouTube channel. AH
THE INSIDERS
Facebook Twitter Pinterest NYC mayoral hopeful Anthony, disgraced star of Weiner. Photograph: Everett/REX/Shutterstock
These days you can't call yourself an institution without a documentary exposing your inner workings. The September Issue famously made a star out of Grace Coddington and gave Vogue a human face, while Page One: Inside The New York Times showed the Grey Lady attempting to adjust to a digital world. Documentary-makers are sharing space with investigative reporters: it's arguable that Blackfish has damaged SeaWorld beyond repair, an environmental feat that DiCaprio (yup, him again) will be hoping to emulate with his exec-produced elephant crisis doc The Ivory Game. Scientology doc Going Clear, of course, was a global headline spinner.
Weiner review – mayoral motormouth makes for painfully compelling viewing Read more
Early bets for 2017 Oscar glory should go to Josh Kriegman and Elyse Sternberg's Weiner, an extraordinary fly-on-the-wall doc about the disgraced politician Anthony, and if the giddy pace of present-day politics isn't enough to have you reaching for the tinfoil hat, Laura Poitras's Citizenfour tells the paranoia-inducing story of Edward Snowden and the NSA. Even British TV is getting in on the information overload – fixed-rig television has ushered in a new era of intimacy in which all facets of life, from school days (the Educating… series) to romance (First Dates), are served up for your analysis and dissection.
NOW SHOWING: The Ivory Game is on Netflix now. RN
EXPERIMENTAL
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Heart of a Dog director Laurie Anderson. Photograph: Dogwoof
Back in the age of cinéma vérité, it was felt that feature-film techniques had no place in documentaries. The turnaround since then – post-Errol Morris, say – couldn't be more complete, and formal experimentation has run riot in the last 20 years, and more so in the last five. One imagines old ideological purists wincing at the visual pyrotechnics of Adam Curtis, or Joshua Oppenheimer's use of that erstwhile documentary taboo, dramatic re-enactment. Andrew Dominick and Wim Wenders have both incorporated 3D into wildly contrasting docs about mourning and ballet (One More Time With Feeling, Pina), while Clio Barnard's The Arbor used lip-synching to deeply eerie effect.
One More Time With Feeling review – undeniably moving contemplation of loss Read more
And with movies such as Roger Ross Williams's Life, Animated (out here on 9 Dec), Brett Morgen's Chicago 10 and Ari Folman's Waltz With Bashir, even animation has been bent to serious documentary purposes. Simplicity also works: both Jafar Panahi's This Is Not A Film, filmed while he was banned from film-making, and Laurie Anderson's Heart Of A Dog, a meditation on grief, are self-conscious anti-home movies, both making a virtue of limitations. Often these once-proscribed techniques can come closer to other kinds of truth than mere “verite”.
NOW SHOWING: Alexander Sokurov's eerie Louvre/Nazi doc-drama Francofonia, out in selected cinemas. JP
TRUE CRIME
Facebook Twitter Pinterest OJ: Made in America. Photograph: Publicity image
True-life crime stories have long been a tabloid staple, with nosey-parker sensationalism often reframed as cautionary tales. But a resurgence in thoughtful, meditative and often quietly furious examinations of crime and punishment has made this storied subgenre the current kingpin of on-screen non-fiction. Who's the culprit? You could point an accusing finger at Serial, the 2014 megahit podcast that patiently walked the world through the evidential minutiae of a horrible 1999 murder and subsequent shoddy prosecution. Certainly, many of the recent ascendant breed of true crime docs seem to share some of Serial's questing DNA.
Amanda Knox review – intriguing but flawed Netflix documentary Read more
These features and, increasingly, TV series re-examine high-profile murders (the monumental eight-hour OJ: Made In America; Netflix's recent Amanda Knox), reignite cold cases (procedural hit Making A Murderer, mumbled manhunt The Jinx), unpick the war on drugs (from Cartel Land's volatile border vigilantes to the gamed US systems of The House I Live In) and even – in the case of the disturbing (T)error – ride shotgun with a steamrollering FBI sting. Guilt trips have never been so addictive.
COMING SOON: Alex “Going Clear” Gibney's docuseries The Killing Season starts 22 November on Crime & Investigation. GV
LEGACY DOCS
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Crytic rocker Orion, the subject of Orion: The Man Who Would Be King. Photograph: Sun Records
When celeb bio-docs are 10-a-penny, it's no wonder directors are drawn to putting culture's unsung heroes in the frame for the first time. Often it's about crediting those who influenced from the sidelines: Everything Is Copy profiled Nora Ephron, the unsparing writer who later defined the modern romcom. In Life Itself, a beautiful movie about Chicago film critic Roger Ebert's vivid life and dying days, no less than Martin Scorsese cites him as an inspiration. Bill Cunningham New York marvelled at the tireless 81-year-old New York Times street photographer, and featured Iris Apfel, the eccentric 93-year-old “geriatric starlet” and subject of Albert Maysles's Iris.
Orion: The Man Who Would Be King – poignant story of Elvis soundalike Read more
Other docs make previous unknowns into icons: Searching For Sugar Man exposed Mexican-American songwriter Sixto Rodriguez's surprising role in the anti-apartheid movement, Jeanie Finlay's Orion: Man Who Would Be King last year unmasked Elvis sound-and-lookalike Jimmy Ellis, and Finding Vivian Maier established the children's nanny among the 20th century's finest photographers. These empathetic studies of fleeting eras remind us that influence doesn't always equal fame.
COMING SOON: The Eagle Huntress follows a young girl's journey to become her Kazakh family's first female eagle hunter, out in cinemas on 16 December. LS
CURIOSITIES
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tickled Director: David Farrier & Dylan Reeve Starring: David Farrier, Dylan Reeve, David Starr Photograph: A Ticklish Tale Limited
In an age when any hobbyist can meet friends with the same quirks online, documentarists find gold in unseen, teeming subcultures. Niche docs thrive on TV, especially on Channel 4, where sex generates the easiest buzz. But good fetish-gawp docs have more than titillation, from the wistful escapism of the dog-people in Secret Life Of The Human Pups to the psychosexual darkness of lonely Brits yanking each other's trackie bottoms down in Dogging Tales. The fully clothed enthusiasts in The Secret World Of Lego are just as revealing. Some programmes give a singular human a flash of immortality: nobody who saw The Lost Gold Of The Highlands on BBC4 will forget bounty-hunting outcast Garnet Frost. On the big screen, strange nooks lead somewhere else. Sinister power games lie behind a weird video craze in Tickled; in Finders Keepers, a bizarre spat over a severed leg ends up being a story about how ordinary oddballs are affected by these moments in the light.
NOW SHOWING: Sonita, the recently released doc about the titular Iranian refugee-turned-rapper. JS
Deep in the South Hall of the Las Vegas Convention Center, past the bustling Oculus demo booth and the frenzied whirring of the Drone Corral, people are playing pinball. Seven tables—all dishing out endless free plays—ding and whistle, the red dot-matrix lights of their attractor screens flashing high scores and retro animations. Even in a building full of 2016's hottest gadgets, there is no shortage of pinball players.
This is nothing new for Stern Pinball, which traces its roots as far back as the 1930s. The oldest and largest producer of arcade-quality pinball games in the world, Stern has been putting out its specific form of consumer electronics for longer than the Consumer Electronic Show has existed.
It's just not CES without a new Stern table, the same way it's just not an arcade without at least one pinball machine. Last year it was Wrestlemania. The year before that it was Star Trek. This year, it's the Spider-Man Vault Edition table, a refreshed version of a 2007 machine that was pegged to the now-finished trilogy of films starring Tobey Maguire. The new table mixes brand-new art with the 2007 machine's tried-and-true field of play. At this year's booth, the refreshed table sits next to a wholly new one—a Game of Thrones table worked up from scratch.
Stern cranks out new tables like it's no big deal, but bringing a pinball table into the world is no small feat, Stern Pinball's director of marketing Jody Dankberg tells me. "It's not an easy thing to do. It takes us about 12 months. We'll probably invest at least one million in research and development to bring one to market."
In many ways, that process is the same as it's always been. Stern employs three internal design teams, each charged with leading a project from its vaguest beginning—a license, an idea of "oh wouldn't it be cool if"—through exhaustive testing of an art-free mechanical design, meticulous construction of the scoring rules, the creation of illustration and custom-made statuettes, and the brute-force work of just screwing all the stuff together.
Even in 2016, making a pinball machine is an artisanal process. Hundreds of workers screw bespoke rails and springs and plungers into countless tables by hand at Stern's plant in Chicago. "This is a made-in-America product," says president Gary Stern, son of founder Sam Stern. He jumps at the chance to stress that fact any chance he can. He's understandably proud. Stern Pinball directly employs hundreds at its 110,000-square-foot factory in Chicago, and thousands more in the local industry devoted to producing its unique components. These machines are the product of hundreds of human hands, and a cohesive community of artisans. "Chicago is pinball," Dankberg says.
The gameplay at the heart of Stern's most modern tables is still very traditional—"It's a ball-and-bat game," Stern stresses, and for good reason. Dankberg boils it down to a single maxim: "Gravity is the ultimate randomizer." It's a mantra you can immediately identify as well-worn, but mostly because it's true.
Beneath that traditional surface, modern technical advances improve the new tables in mostly unseen ways. Revamped guts allow tables that look and feel like they stepped out of the mid-1990s to be more robust and capable in subtle ways you'd only really notice if you tore one apart.
"We redesigned the electronics of pinball."
"It's what's underneath the hood," Dankerberg says. "We redesigned the electronics of pinball. Pinball was built the same way for about 30 years—big relay cable that went down the middle that controlled all the switches lights and coils." Nowadays, the innards have been squished down, condensed into chips instead of a rat's nests of wires. "It's a fully modern electronic system," Dankberg says. "A bus system that allows the game not to be made from scratch every time."
Stern Pinball's designers considered flashier implementations of modern tech—LCD screens under the glass, for instance, instead of (or in addition to) good old-fashioned blinking lights. "It's been done before," Dankberg says. "If it adds to the gameplay, we're all for it." But clearly the real enthusiasm is for how tech can enhance the periphery of the traditional game, everything around the ball and bat. "'We're going to be in the cloud one day. Games will be connected to Wi-Fi. Automatic updates. That's where you want to be."
"We love digital pinball. It lets people know pinball still exists."
Stern isn't shying away from full-on digital pinball either. Later this year, the company plans to launch its own app. Made by developer FarSight, the app will include simulations of dozens of Stern machines, bringing them to every gadget you could imagine: iPhones, Android devices, Xboxes, Playstations, PCs. Stern's digital pinball will even be available in Oculus Rift. But while Stern has affinity for the digital game, it's only the appetizer, never the main course. "We love digital pinball," Dankberg says. "It lets people know the rules of the game. Lets them practice up. It lets people know pinball still exists."
Meanwhile, in the South Hall, players vie for time on seven more direct reminders.
Chael Sonnen tried to get himself into a fight, but it looks like his effort will go wasted.
Despite reports on Monday that Sonnen (27-13-1 MMA, 6-6 UFC) would fill in for an injured Antonio Rogerio Nogueira (21-5 MMA, 4-2 UFC) in the co-main event of UFC 161 later this month against Mauricio Rua (21-7 MMA, 5-5 UFC), that fight won't happen. Instead, UFC 161 will move forward with 11 fights, and “Shogun” will wait to fight another day – perhaps still against Sonnen.
The UFC made the announcement late Monday night that Rua had been removed from the card. But Globo, which first reported that Sonnen and Rua would meet, reported that visa issues created a problem for Sonnen to get into Canada – and that the two are expected to meet on Aug. 17 at UFC on FOX Sports 1 1 in Boston. The UFC has yet to announce the fight is in the works.
But as far as UFC 161 is concerned, with Rua's slot falling off the main card, UFC officials confirmed to MMAjunkie.com (www.mmajunkie.com) that a preliminary card light heavyweight fight between Ryan Jimmo (17-2 MMA, 1-1 UFC) and Igor Pokrajac (25-9 MMA, 4-4 UFC) will be promoted to the pay-per-view.
UFC 161 takes place June 15 at MTS Centre in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The main card airs on pay-per-view following prelims on FX and Facebook.
After Nogueira fell off the card on Sunday with a back injury, “Shogun” was in need of an opponent. Sonnen tried to ask for the fight on Twitter, and a Monday report from Globo surfaced that his tweet had done the trick.
But instead, Sonnen won't be making a late-notice trip to Canada, and Rua will wait for another card. Whether that proves to be Sonnen later this summer, of course, remains to be seen.
UFC 161 was set to be headlined by a interim bantamweight title fight between Renan Barao and Eddie Wineland. But an injury to Barao forced him out of the headliner, which bumped the co-main event between Dan Henderson and Rashad Evans into the top position.
Now with Rua out of the co-main event spot, a heavyweight bout between Roy Nelson (19-7 MMA, 6-3 UFC) and Stipe Miocic (9-1 MMA, 3-1 UFC) climbs a spot on the card.
With the change to the card, UFC 161 is again finalized:
MAIN CARD (Pay-per-view, 10 p.m. ET)
PRELIMINARY CARD (FX, 8 p.m. ET)
PRELIMINARY CARD (Facebook, 7 p.m. ET)
For the latest on UFC 161, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
(Pictured: Ryan Jimmo)
TL;DR
Execute a typical scenario, returning to the original state.
Repeat the scenario several (≥ 4) times.
Call -[LeaksInstrument measure] after each run.
after each run. Assert on -[LeaksInstrument hasLeaksInRepresentativeSession] being falsy.
Source code
Intro
Whether you test your code or not, you've probably heard of generational analysis. In short, it's an invaluable tool that allows you to detect if you have a retail cycle or a leak, and some nasty objects are not being released when you expect them to. The way you can test it is:
Run app, you're profiling in Instruments.app.
Go through a logically complete flow and return to starting point.
Click “Mark generation”.
Repeat several times.
What is a logically complete flow? That depends on what your app is doing. For example you're building one-more-note-taking-app. You have a list of notes, tapping on a note takes you to the editing screen. In this case one of the possible flows would be:
Start from the list view
Tap one of the notes
Edit it (preferably do the same editing every time)
Return back to the list
Why would we want to run this several times? Well, depending on your app, first time you might need to warm up some caches and such. While the last time some objects might naturally still persist in memory - either due to autorelease scope, or a particular framework quirks. That's why you want to take in account all the runs except for the first one and the last one.
As a good practise you should fire this tool once in a while and walk over your application checking if you introduce any retain cycles. While very useful, this can be quite annoying. Once, an iOS engineer told me how he wrote a test checking for retain cycle in a particular scenario. While we didn't discuss any specifics, from what I understood there was a particular reference (let's assume a view controller) that was not released. My assumption, is that the test was simply checking for a particular weak variable to turn nil :
__weak id obj = ...; // this is what we expect to become nil if there are no retain cycles [self _executeScenario1]; // our typical user-flow XCTAssertNil(obj);
Automate all the things!
Some time ago I stumbled upon a brilliant library by Richard Heard, called Objective Beagle. It is a great tool for debugging. It searches all allocated instances, and finds those, matching specified class. I figured that this is just what I needed. After slight refactoring, I had a running prototype, here is how to use it:
- (void)testLeakingExample { XCTestExpectation *leaksExpectation = [self expectationWithDescription:@"No leaks detected"]; [self _runFlowNTimes:5 progressHandler:^{ [self.instrument measure]; } completionHandler:^{ XCTAssertFalse(self.instrument.hasLeaksInRepresentativeSession, @"%@", self.instrument); [leaksExpectation fulfill]; }]; [self waitForExpectationsWithTimeout:10 handler:nil]; }
We set up an expectation (new awesome feature of XCTest, works in pair with waitForExpectationsWithTimeout:handler: ). We run our test scenario (editing a note in the example above). After finishing each run, we measure memory footprint with our instrument Finally, we assert on a property hasLeaksInRepresentativeSession returning YES if at least one leak was found.
So all you need to do, is to implement your flow (KIF or any BDD library might come handy), make sure you are returning into the starting point, measure the leaks after each run and assert on leaks once you finish.
Why do I believe this is a great test to have? As time passes by, you will add more features to your app or simply redesign underlying architecture. But until the flow exists, this test will make sure that your refactoring did not introduce any leaks.
The guts
Now a bit more about the way it works internally. Every recorded session is being diffed against its predecessors, so it contains only the newly added leaks. While you can access allSessions to get list of leaks from all the measured sessions, most of the time, you want to use representativeSessions instead. As mentioned above, it returns only meaningful measurements, i.e. allSessions excluding the first and the last one.
Currently leaks are stored as weakly referenced objects in a NSHashTable . I'm still experimenting with it, but the current approach is that the instrument will not extend the lifecycle of the object whether it's leaking or not. However, you might see the hasLeaksInRepresentativeSession returning YES while enumeration over the leaks in representativeSessions will return nothing.
Original implementation in Object Beagle goes to great length to avoid using private or potentially unsafe classes. In the current implementation, I decided to work around this problem by limiting classes to those coming from the [UIBundle mainBundle] . It is both an improvement and a limitation: e.g. current implementation will ignore classes from shared frameworks.
To-dos
One of the biggest improvements possible would be to allow a more flexible measure call. E.g. if I know that every run of my scenario produces X objects of cache, I could've specified something like
[self.instruments measureIgnoring:@{ [XYZImageCache class]: @(NSRangeMake(0,3)) }];
The Court of Appeal for Ontario says the right of police to search through your cellphone depends on whether or not you have a passcode, reports the Canadian Press.
If a passcode is present, police should get a warrant in order to look through your phone. The decision comes from a case where Kevin Fearon appealed his robbery conviction and argued police breached his rights under the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. How so? Police looked through his phone after his arrest and discovered photos of a gun, cash and text message evidence linked to his alleged jewellery heist in Toronto at the time, back in 2009.
His appeal was ultimately denied by the Ontario Court of Appeal, as they noted police were allowed to search Fearon's phone “in a cursory fashion” to look for evidence related to the crime but should have requested a search warrant soon after. If the phone had a passcode, the judges noted “it would not have been appropriate” to look through the phone without a warrant.
“There was no suggestion in this case that this particular cell phone functioned as a ‘mini-computer' nor that its contents were not ‘immediately visible to the eye,' the court said in its ruling, released Wednesday. “Rather, because the phone was not password protected, the photos and the text message were readily available to other users.”
Appeal Court judges referred to a precedent set in a former murder trial where the judge did not permit evident from a personal electronic device as it “functioned as a mini-computer,” known to have a high expectation of privacy. In that case, data was extracted by police using specialized equipment. The court declined to create a new specific rule for cellphone searches saying “if it ain't broke, don't fix it.”
For those without passcodes on their iPhones, you should be saying to yourself right now “note to self: set a passcode.”
We're always on the hunt for talented LAMP developers and as a consequence we end up evaluating a decent amount of fairly diverse PHP code. We always ask potential employees for a code sample so that we can get a sense of their style and generally make sure they have their heads screwed on right. Because of this, we've been evaluating PHP samples from everything from Drupal modules, to batch processing scripts, and even “hardware hacks”.
During this process, one of the issues we've had is coming up with an objective rubric to evaluate the relative skill of a PHP developer. Although there are several broad criteria for evaluating code, I've been interested in coming up with PHP-centric benchmarks since they're more directly applicable. Here's a list of criteria that we've been working on to help us identify how familiar an engineer is with PHP.
Negative Signals
Unfortunately, it's sometimes easier to spot negative signals so here are a few PHP specific “code smells” we've identified.
Re-inventing standard library functions
Often, inexperienced engineers won't search for standard functions that'll do exactly what they're looking for. Not always a bad thing but it's a sign of inexperience. An example would be:
Not really understanding the ORM (or SQL)
This one isn't really PHP specific but we've noticed it a couple of times anyway. We'll often see code that looks something like:
As you can see, the code returns all the results and then evaluates the criteria as opposed to passing the selection criteria to the ORM or SQL.
Everything is a global
Due to PHP's global keyword it's unfortunately really easy to throw encapsulation to the wind and just make everything a global. Because of that, we've seen code that looks like:
Positive Signals
What we look for next is usually positive signals that an engineer is generally familiar with PHP. These are generally things you'd pick up after you've written a fair amount of PHP.
Has implemented __toString() somewhere
I know this one will be controversial, but my sense is that if an engineer implements __toString() somewhere in PHP they probably have a decent familiarity with the language since It's something you have to “seek out”. A canonical example would be something like:
Uses output buffering
Output buffering is a bit exotic but it's indispensable when building web apps without a framework. It also certainly demonstrates a level of familiarity with PHP. A good example would be capturing output from a template and returning it inside some JSON:
Voodoo Positive Signals
Finally, the last couple of things we've been looking for are “exotic” techniques that really demonstrate that someone “gets” PHP. Granted, some (most?) of these are bad ideas in production they do convey a certain level of understanding.
Classes that implement the ArrayAccess interface
Since PHP relies so heavily on arrays, building classes that implement the ArrayAccess interface makes them work more naturally in PHP and definitely demonstrates a strong level of familiarity with the language. An example would be:
Using __set, __get, or __call
Although, using any of these in production is questionable at best, they undeniably do convey a sense that whoever used them knows their way around PHP. An example (from the documentation) would be:
Anyway, like everything I'd take this list with a big grain of salt. We'd also love any input or feedback.
Posted In: PHP
Tags: php, php code, recruiting
The Storage Tek site on Wednesday in Louisville. The 432-acre site is under contract to California's Bancroft Capital, which hopes to woo Amazon's planned second headquarters. ( Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer )
A site long associated with a pillar of Boulder County's high-tech past could house one of the current reigning tech giants: Amazon.
The massive StorageTek campus in Louisville is under contract to California's Bancroft Capital, which is using it to woo Amazon as the web retail giant hunts for a second headquarters.
Officials from Bancroft confirmed their intent to the Colorado Real Estate Journal, which first reported the story Monday. Bancroft confirmed to the Camera on Wednesday.
"We've been chasing this deal for a decade and a half," said founder Doug McDonald. "Amazon is a great fit for Boulder County and could be a game-changer for public transportation and connectivity."
Phillips 66, which spun off ConocoPhillips in 2012, owns the 432-acre site. In regulatory filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Phillips 66 discusses the site as being "held for sale" and values it at $50 million. Bancroft declined to confirm the price.
Located just off Northwest Parkway and U.S. 36, the property has been mostly vacant for the better part of a decade.
The campus was long home to Storage Technology Corp., which was bought by Sun Microsystems in 2005. While Sun initially had plans to continue operating lab space there, it reversed course, vacated the property and put it up for sale in 2007.
Advertisement
ConocoPhillips bought the property for $58.5 million in 2008, with plans to create a sustainable energy research center. At the time, a company spokesperson said Louisville's proximity to national labs, major universities and Denver International Airport drew the energy giant to Boulder County.
Similar factors could lure Amazon. The mega-retailer has said it is seeking a metro area with at least 1 million people, with decent public transportation, access to outdoor recreation and a culture of inclusion to take in up to 50,000 new employees.
The announcement of a desired HQ2, as it's been deemed, two weeks ago sent cities and states into a feeding frenzy, vying for the estimated $5 billion project. The Chicago Tribune tallied 100 municipalities that expressed interest, including Austin, Texas; New York, Boston, Chicago, Washington/Baltimore, Atlanta, Denver, Ottawa and Toronto.
The New York Times identified the Denver metro area as the best potential choice for a landing spot for Amazon, which will keep its original headquarters in Seattle. Amazon already has presence in the area, including a large fulfillment operation in Aurora and a planned office and distribution center in Boulder.
All Colorado bids will be directed through the Metro Denver Economic Development Corporation and are due Friday. The cities of Denver and Aurora also are putting in bids on sites, according to Sam Bailey, vice president of economic development for the organization.
"We're looking for sites that boast connectivity, ability and mobility for a highly educated work force," Bailey said. "The ConocoPhillips site is nestled in a nice work force region. There are some attractive assets to the company that a company like Amazon could benefit from."
At least some backlash from growth-wary citizens is expected. The expansion of Google in Boulder — by at least 1,000 employees — was a tough sell. A strong anti-growth movement has risen up, though two Boulder ballot measures to curb development failed in the 2015 election.
The StorageTek site on Wednesday in Louisville. (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer)
Though Boulder won't have a say, per se, in Amazon's plans, the company did say it wants to go to a "business-friendly environment." That will likely include economic incentives, which would be handled by the governor's office and the Metro Denver Economic Development Corp.
Louisville Economic Development Officer Aaron DeJong said any discussion of financial incentives was premature. Addressing potential opponents, DeJong said that the site has always been home to big business.
"These 400 acres is on the books to be a primary employer," he said. "It's zoned for that, it's in our comprehensive plan."
Whatever happens, Bancroft's purchase represents forward momentum on a property that has long been stagnant. Indeed, the firm went under contract in June, before the Amazon announcement earlier this month, and was a losing bidder when Sun put it up for sale a decade ago.
McDonald said Bancroft has always viewed the site as ripe for redevelopment into a "corporate-anchored," walkable, mixed-use project including retail, hospitality and something else Boulder County needs desperately: housing.
Bancroft has had a hand in developing other properties in Boulder, including the Ball Aerospace campus, the former Amgen facility now home to McGraw Hill (and Google's overflow), and The Peloton, now completing the last of its rental-to-condo conversions.
"Whether it's Amazon or not," said Bailey, "we have a finite supply of land west of the metro area. Louisville is sitting on a very unique parcel that represents a unique opportunity."
Shay Castle: 303-473-1626, castles@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/shayshinecastle
If you're a Jaguars fan, you may want to consider urging your team to move to London because apparently the Jaguars play very very very well there.
Against the Bills in London, the Jaguars scored their first defensive touchdowns of the season. Err, maybe it's not so much the Jags should move to the UK, but that the Bills should pray they never have to play abroad again. QB EJ Manuel managed to commit three turnovers in 2 minutes and 26 seconds.
1) Manuel is sacked for a seven-yard loss. But not only is he sacked, he fumbles the ball, too. Defensive end Chris Clemons runs the ball six yards for a TD .
2) Barely 10 seconds later, Manuel has his pass intercepted by Telvin Smith, who proceeds to run 26 yards for a TD.
3) AND AGAIN. Manuel's throw is picked off by the Jaguars' Paul Posluszny. No TD for the Jags this time, though.
Perhaps the Bills should have kept Matt Cassel, whom they traded to the Cowboys. Cassel, by the way, will be Dallas' starter vs. the Giants.
Rep. Dennis Kucinich (D-OH) introduced a constitutional amendment to the U.S. House on Thursday that would overturn the U.S. Supreme Court's 2010 ruling in Citizens United v. the Federal Elections Commission.
The court held that corporations have the same First Amendment rights as people and that money was a form of speech.
“Because of the decision by the Supreme Court majority in the Citizens United case, more money was spent on campaigns in the 2010 election than has ever been spent in a mid-term election,” Kucinich said. “Because of the Citizens United case, more money will be spent in the 2012 elections than has ever been spent in an election in the history of our country. Because of the Citizens United case, American democracy has been put up on the auction block.”
A number of other Members of Congress, including Rep. John Yarmuth (D-KY), Rep. Ted Deutch (D-FL) and Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) have proposed constitutional amendments to overturn the Citizens United ruling. Sens. Tom Udall (D-NM) and Michael Bennet of (D-CO) have also introduced less ambitious constitutional amendment that would give Congress and the states the authority to regulate the campaign finance system.
Kucinich's proposed amendment would completely bar interest groups from influencing elections by requiring that all federal campaigns be financed exclusively with public funds and prohibit any expenditures from any other source.
“We must rescue American democracy from unlimited corporate money,” Kucinich added. “This is the most fundamental issue facing the future of our nation. With corporate, private financing we have officials working for the interest of corporations. With public financing we have officials working for the public. And public financing will actually save taxpayers' money, by eliminating any incentive of public officials to reward campaign contributors with taxpayer subsidies.”
BLOOMFIELD, New York – -(Ammoland.com)- Up your game with the fastest, most unique hybrid hunting weapon available! Generating more speed and power than a crossbow while being safer and easier to operate, the Pioneer Airbow by Crosman is a revolution of traditional archery equipment.
Hunters who enjoy the varied experiences that come with rifles, bows and crossbows will instantly gravitate to the Pioneer Airbow for its power, convenience and flexibility.
Filled to 3000 PSI and firing full sized arrows, the integrated pressure regulator delivers eight consistent full power shots at a blazing 450 FPS. The convenience of a trigger firing mechanism, top cocking lever with only two pounds of cocking force and compact profile means anyone, regardless of size or strength, can handle the Benjamin Pioneer Airbow. With no cocking rope to lose or tangle, the Pioneer Airbow is especially safe for treestand use.
Benjamin Pioneer Airbow
Jim Shockey, professional hunter and host of “Jim Shockey's UNCHARTED” and “Jim Shockey's Hunting Adventures”, is excited about this new entry into the archery market.
“The confluence of quiet, precharged air power and the cutting diameter of today's broadheads has produced the fantastic groundbreaking Benjamin Pioneer Airbow and I am confident using it on North American big game,” says Shockey.
Arrows from the Pioneer stabilize quickly, giving shooters an expanded kill range for any game animal. The Airbow features a cocking lever that can be operated with only two fingers and decocking is just as easy. Its accuracy is not affected by canting and it does not require the complex maintenance of crossbows. Simply put, the Pioneer Airbow enhances everything enthusiasts enjoy about archery hunting while making the sport safer and more accessible.
“This is an entirely new category of weapon that broadens opportunities for hunters while also renewing opportunities for those who may have left the sport because they are physically unable to draw a compound bow or cock a crossbow,” says Jennifer Lambert, VP of Marketing for Crosman Corporation. “With groups less than 2” at fifty yards and getting there faster than any crossbow, we invite archers of every caliber to give it a try.”
The Pioneer Airbow features a black synthetic stock with a Picatinny rail system for mounting accessories and includes:
Three 375 grain carbon fiber arrows with nano ceramic Victory ICE™coating for increased speed, penetration and easier retrieval, plus field tips
CenterPoint 6×40 mm optic with custom MTAG reticle offering aiming points to 75 yards
A canted Picatinny base providing an additional 20 Moas of adjustment
Custom sling
Quick-detach quiver
The Pioneer can be cocked and decocked easily, making it especially safe for treestand use
It will be branded under Crosman's premier hunting label, Benjamin Airguns, and available in Spring 2016 for $849 MSRP. A bonus Realtree AP camo decal kit will be included so owners can decorate the Airbow to their tastes.
See the Benjamin Pioneer Airbow and more than Crosman Corporation exhibits its product line at the ATA Tradeshow from January 5-7 2016 in Booth #647 / Shooting Lane #N-4 and at SHOT Show from January 19-22 in Booth #13940.
For up-to-the-minute news from Crosman Corporation, follow us on Twitter (@crosmancorp).
For over 90 years Crosman has led the world in the design and manufacture of airguns and airgun ammunition, along with airsoft, optics and shooting sports accessories. Headquartered in Bloomfield, N.Y., the company sells its products worldwide under the Crosman®, Benjamin®, CenterPoint® and Game Face® brands. For more information about any of these brands or products, please contact Crosman Public Relations at (800) 7-AIRGUN or visit crosman.com.
Joey Gibson's Last Card to Play: False 'Nonviolent' Martyrdom for Violent Bigots And Neo-Nazis
Update: “John” was identified as Jarl Rockhill by Eugene Antifa and PNW-AWC.
With a legacy of attacking anti-fascist protesters and inviting openly anti-semitic keynote speakers who encourage participants at his rallies to recite neo-nazi slogans, Joey Gibson has been running for cover from angry community members who are tired of having his events draw hate to their cities.
But Gibson is trying one last gambit to promote his franchise of far-right celebrity: martyrdom. His event scheduled for September 10th in downtown Portland has been rebranded several times– first as a “southern pride” event, then an “entire nation” event. Now, Gibson has changed his facade once again, calling for “peaceful warriors who believe in MLK Jr. and Jesus's philosophy of nonviolent resistance,” and encouraging them to “please contact if you are willing to take a beating.”
A number of people have answered his call, but because Joey Gibson has spent most of this year enabling white supremacist and neo-nazi organizing at his events, he now finds himself in the position of bestowing the mantle of “nonviolent martyr” on violent bigots and neo-nazis.
Nonviolence as a Tactic
Nonviolence has been a fixture of activism for many decades. In certain situations, adopting a strict policy of nonviolence reinforces an ethical critique of the issue being protested. For example, if protesters are trying to draw attention to the violence of the police, sitting still while the police pepper spray peaceful protesters sends a powerful message. In the Civil Rights Era, nonviolent protest drew attention to the inherent violence of white supremacy, whether substantiated by the police, the Klan, or every day white people who harassed protesters mercilessly. If you are seeking justice, nonviolence can be a powerful tool, when it demonstrates the inherent injustice being protested.
However, for Gibson, nonviolence could never provide an ethical demonstration. If your movement is inherently violent, and for one event you display less-violent behavior, that proves nothing. It is as if a police officer, accused of police brutality, suddenly decides one day to walk around in uniform without a gun, as a dedication to “nonviolence.” That doesn't make them any less of a police officer. And it certainly doesn't erase the charge of police brutality. All it does is serve as a transparent misdirection. Justice occurs when the overall conditions that lead to violence are altered. Gibson and his far-right events are conditions bringing violent white supremacists into Portland, and until that changes, it doesn't matter if Gibson carries an umbrella, rides a unicycle, or stands on his head.
Kyle Chapman, aka “based stickman,” who earned that moniker by hitting activists with a stick in Berkeley, attempts to hop on the “nonviolence” bandwagon.
The Fake “Nonviolent” Activists of the Far-Right
Gibson has always claimed that his events are peaceful. Given that they have decidedly not been peaceful, it defies belief that suddenly, they will be. These events attract a number of far-right groups that are proud to place violence front-and-center in their ideology. That is the reason that they turn out violent.
The American Freedom Warriors, Gibson's own group of street brawlers, have traveled across the country to fight anti-fascist activists, from Berkeley on April 15th, to New Orleans on May 7th, to New York on May 29th. Several have been arrested for fighting at protests, including Tiny Toese, Gibson's personal bodyguard, who is currently on the lam. A “failure to appear” warrant was issued because Toese failed to face a charge stemming from Gibson's August 6th event at the Portland waterfront. The very name of the group, “Warriors,” shows just how ridiculous Gibson's claim of nonviolence is.
The “Hell Shaking Street Preachers,” who have been at every one of Gibson's events, and who Gibson himself has worked security for as they harassed attendees of Portland Pride, often attack activists. Allen Pucket, one of the street preachers and a self-described white nationalist, has himself predicted that “bloodshed” will occur at this so-called “nonviolent” event.
The III% militia, who have done security for Gibson's events, takes its name from their belief that only 3% of Americans took up arms during the revolution. They see themselves as the inheritors of that role– hence, the opposite of nonviolent. They have carried out their interpretation of that mission by protecting neo-nazis and Klan members at patriot rallies.
The Proud Boys, a so-called “fraternal organization” that prides itself on getting in street brawls with left-wing protesters, has little in the way of an actual mission outside of self-described “western chauvinism,” which has encouraged many fascists and racists to join the group.
And lastly, but certainly most seriously, we have the various fascist groups that have taken advantage of these far-right events to organize in public, such as Identity Europa, Cascade Legion, the Traditionalist Workers' Party, and more.
Fascism and white supremacist racism are violent ideologies. They believe in dehumanizing subsets of the human species and perpetrating violence against them, in order to increase their own political power. There is no such thing as a peaceful fascist, because it is only a matter of time until those violent ideas are translated to reality. The SPLC has tracked instances of recent hate crimes and determined that members of the neo-nazi website Stormfront have been responsible for the murders of nearly 100 people in the last five years. How could a mere website, or a rally be dangerous? If that website or rally promote ideas which are in themselves violent, which in turn enables their participants to go out and commit violence. This isn't merely speculation, but our own tragic history.
It does not matter one iota whether fascist groups decide to be “nonviolent” for the course of one event. The National Socialist Movement could have a bake sale– but that would not change the fact that their group seeks to eradicate certain ethnicities from the face of the earth by mass murder. Joey could walk a basket of canned goods into a hurricane naked, but if he allows white supremacists to walk with him, then he is enabling their entry in whatever community he decides to enter.
Gibson's Cohort of Fake Martyrs
Anthony Edward Bell and Aaron Laigaie
Among the people who have volunteered themselves to “take a beating” in this spectacular appropriation of the tactic of nonviolence are two Proud Boys: Anthony Edward Bell and Aaron Laigaie of Bellingham, WA. Laigaie and Bell have both been present at several of Joey Gibson's portland area rallies in recent months, and Laigaie in particular has relished brawling alongside white nationalists and neo-nazis against Portland anti-fascists.
Proud Boys Aaron Laigaie and Anthony Edward Bell volunteer to be part of Joey Gibson's cynical “civil rights martyrdom”
Proud Boys Anthony Edward Bell (top) and Aaron Laigaie (bottom) at Patriot Prayer's June 30 march in Portland
Proud Boy Aaron Laigaie is interviewed by local journalist Mike Bivins after assaulting anti-fascist community organizers alongside neo-nazis at a recent Patriot Prayer march in Portland.
The Proud Boys claim to be “western chauvinists” and, like Patriot Prayer, frequently make facile disavowals of the very racism and fascism which they nonetheless enable and defend. Gavin McInnes, the creator of the Proud Boys, has himself stated, “I cannot recommend violence enough. It is a really effective way to solve problems.” One of the ways that members advance in the group's hierarchy, is explicitly by getting into a fight with anti-fascist activists. McInnes worked closely with neo-nazi Mike Peinovich on organization for the “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, at which an anti-fascist activist was murdered, and many injured. The Proud Boys also count among their membership Jason Kessler, one of the main architects of the Charlottesville event.
Screenshot of Gavin McInnes coordinating for Charlottesville with neo-nazi Mike Peinovich aka “Mike Enoch”
(top) Jason Kessler's “Proud Boy” induction video, (bottom) a snapshot of reporting on the general strategy of the far right to portray themselves as “victims” while organizing for racist violence.
Thorsson Snyder and “Gary Lee”
Also among other volunteers for Joey's ploy are an Identity Europa-affiliated fascist who we will call “Gary Lee,” as well as a local neo-nazi named Thorsson Snyder. Both of these white supremacists have attended many of Joey Gibson's Portland-area rallies since June 4th, and have frequently been seen in the company of neo-nazi Identity Europa coordinator Jacob Ott.
Gary Lee (going by “Bango Cascadia”) and Thorsson Snyder (going by “Tariq Anbar”) volunteer to be part of Joey Gibson's cynical “civil rights martyrdom”
Thorsson Snyder (left) and “Gary Lee” (right).
“Gary Lee” expressing his approval of Hitler
“Gary Lee” telling anti-semitic jokes with his friends on facebook
Thorsson Snyder (left) and California-based neo-nazi John T Brown III (right) hold up a celtic cross white power flag. Snyder's jacket also displays the “92” symbol of the fascist “Operation Werewolf” organization.
John T Brown III (left) performs a fascist roman salute as he and Thorsson Snyder (right) display a celtic cross white power flag.
Kyle Broussard
Kyle Broussard shows up to Gibson's events, claiming to want to “keep the peace.” However, he mixes it up with fascists, and then attacks activists. His “nonviolence” is a hollow shell.
Broussard, on the far right, chats with fascist Thorsson Snyder and other violent right wing brawlers at Joey Gibson's 6⁄ 30 rallies.
Broussard, center in bright blue shirt and shorts, tackles an activist while Thorsson Snyder kicks him.
“Mike Gainer”
A fascist going by the pseudonym of “Mike Gainer” plans on being at Gibson's event, but unlike some of the others, refuses to be nonviolent, because of course, he believes in a violent ideology that dictates “might makes right.”
Mike Gainer has been seen at a number of Gibson's events in the company of fascists, wearing his trademark helmet emblazoned with “RWSS,” which stands for “right wing safety squad,” as well as being a dog whistle for the SS, Hitler's paramilitary organization.
“Mike Gainer” attacks an activist at Gibson's 6⁄ 30 events
Mike Gainer “likes” Thorsson Snyder's white power flag selfie.
Gainer was seen skulking about a protest against the repeal of DACA in downtown Portland, on September 5th. He was with Jarl Rockhill, who treated the crowd to a roman salute while yelling “white power!” They were quickly chased away by the protesters on scene.
Jarl Rockhill, the fascist who salutes and runs
Other Fascists Seen at Gibson's Events
Cody Bussard
Cody Bussard may look like a little babyface, but he has been playing dangerous game, associating with Identity Europa affiliates like Jake Ott, Gary Lee, and Thorsson Snyder.
Cody Bussard, at 8⁄ 6
Cody Bussard recited neo-nazi talking points on facebook with violent white nationalist, Allen Pucket
Jake Ott
Jake Ott, Identity Europa organizer for Oregon, has been seen at many of Gibson's rallies, often leading a cohort of other young fascists. We wrote a detailed article documenting Ott's anti-semitism and fascism, here.
Joey Gibson's attempt to co-opt the legacy of civil rights struggle to serve the ends of violent bigots and open fascists is transparently opportunistic and disgusting. Portland will not be fooled into accepting white supremacists and their enablers simply because they are wrapping themselves in a transparent cloak of “nonviolence.” Rose City Antifa will continue to actively oppose violent white supremacist and fascist organizing, no matter what form it takes. Join us on September 10th in shutting down Patriot Prayer's planned rally.
If you have any other information, or real names for the people mentioned in this article, please email us at fight_them_back@riseup.net.
Rock concert ticket sales dropped sharply last year, sounding another sour note for the beleaguered music industry.
Total box-office sales of the world's top 50 tours fell 12% in 2010 to $2.93bn (£1.9bn), down from last year's $3.34bn, according to an annual survey by the music-business publication Pollstar. The total number of tickets sold fell 15% as new stars such as Lady Gaga failed to prove a match for veteran rockers such as U2, who cancelled the American leg of their 2010 tour because of 50-year-old lead singer Bono's bad back.
Bon Jovi, led by 48-year-old Jon Bon Jovi, had the biggest tour of the year with the band's 80 concerts worldwide grossing $201.1m. Veteran heavy rockers AC/DC (a five-piece band with a combined age not far short of 300) and U2 took the next two slots in the Pollstar poll. Sir Paul McCartney, the Eagles and former Pink Floyd frontman Roger Waters, 67, all made the top 10, underlining the music industry's reliance on its elder statesmen.
The youngest stars in the top 10 were Lady Gaga, 24, who took the fourth slot with $133.6m in sales and Canadian big-band vocalist Michael Bublé, 35, who came in sixth with $104.2m. Teen sensation Justin Bieber came in 17th with gross ticket sales of $48.3m. Much of the top 50 reads like a 1980s radio-station playlist: Tom Petty, Aerosmith, Rod Stewart, Rush, Depeche Mode, Elton John, Whitney Houston, Cher and Simply Red all polled highly.
The drop in ticket revenue is another blow for an industry still struggling with the impact of digital technology on recorded-music sales. Live concerts have been a bright spot in recent times, with increases in gross revenues in eight of the previous nine years. But that growth has been largely been driven by rising ticket prices, with the number of tickets sold remaining steady.
Concerts have become highly profitable for the musicians themselves, with touring grosses rocketing as ticket prices have risen. Worldwide, the face values of tickets increased 3.9% on average to $76.69 in 2010, up from $73.83 in 2009.
But the high prices have come under pressure as western economies have weakened. Poor sales have led promoters to offer steep discounts on concerts and cancel or postpone dates for even popular acts such as the Jonas Brothers, Christina Aguilera and Simon & Garfunkel.
Although ticket prices rose slightly worldwide, in the US the average ticket price for the top 50 tours dropped 2% to $64.74, Pollstar reported.
The discounting has been led by Live Nation, which became the world's biggest promoter this year after merging with Ticketmaster. In November, Live Nation's chief executive, Michael Rapino, told analysts that the company had "scrapped and fought" through the third quarter, offering heavy discounts to stem the damage of declining attendance. Live Nation said attendance from July to September had dropped 16% from a year ago, even after it cut prices for dozens of acts, including Rod Stewart.
Rapino believes the discounting will continue in 2011. "We know that if you lower the price, they'll come," he said. "If you want to get a casual concert buyer to come to a show that he's debating, we know in the amphitheatres that if you price it at $20 all-in they will come."
"Artists worked fewer shows in a tough business climate and those that overreached suffered the consequences," said Pollstar.
Researchers at North Carolina-based Locus Biosciences think they have a potential cure for antibiotic resistance using CRISPR's lesser-known Cas3 enzyme.
Most of the interest in CRISPR technology centers around the enzyme Cas9, which acts as a type of genetic scissors, allowing scientists to snip out, edit and replace DNA at certain intervals along the genome. However, Cas3 goes beyond Cas9 by targeting the DNA of bacterial cells and then chewing them up beyond the point of repair. This action turns the CRISPR-based bacterial immune system on itself, prompting the cell's death.
Co-founder Paul Garofolo likens the process to Pac-Man. “It comes in and it chews the target DNA so when a Pac-Man chews the chromosome it in turns kills the bacterium,” Garofolo told TechCrunch.
And he and his co-founder Rodolphe Barrangou believe the technique could be used on dangerous antibiotic-resistant bacteria.
The coming antibiotic resistance crisis has been called one of the world's most pressing public health problems. Just imagine a world in which we had nothing to cure pneumonia, gonorrhea or meningitis. The introduction of penicillin in the 1940s was a lifesaver for millions, heralding the dawn of the antibiotic era.
But, according to the Centers for Disease Control, more than half of the antibiotics prescribed these days for patients are inappropriate — merely killing good bacteria while weakening our immune systems and strengthening the bad bacteria, and we are fast approaching a day when we have nothing to cure us of these deadly bacterial infections.
We're already seeing the effects of antibiotic resistance in MRSA deaths. Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) — or staph — is a bacterium ironically picked up in hospitals and is highly antibiotic resistant. Though a JAMA report shows MRSA infections are on the decline, two out of every 100 people are carriers and if left untreated it can cause sepsis and death.
Locus Biosciences hopes to head off a crisis with its patented technology and tells TechCrunch it is already in the midst of raising a significant round of Series A funding to do just that. Though it didn't want to say how much or from whom the funding would come, Locus did tell us it was seeking finances from both strategic health investors and traditional VCs.
The startup is also in the final rounds of the $2 million Health and Human Services Carb-x fund to combat antimicrobial resistance.
The Locus team also comes loaded with heavy scientific and business chops. Barrangou came from Caribou Biosciences and helped found CRISPR company Intellia with Jennifer Doudna. Garofolo left Valeant Pharmaceuticals (yes, that Valeant) in 2008 to join pharma company Patheon as its CTO before starting Locus. Both teach in the sciences department at North Carolina State.
But this technology, like gene-editing technique CRISPR-Cas9, isn't perfect, and Barrangou and Garofolo are aware of the risks. For one it still needs to get FDA approval. And though the 21st Century Cures Act may be able to help out, it will still need to go through human trials to prove its effectiveness.
On the upside, the enzyme is only able to target bacterial cells as it's too big to enter a human cell and cause DNA damage there. You also don't have the moral or ethical issues Cas9 presents.
“We're not trying to change baby eye colors or make super soldiers or any of those types of things…we're killing some of the deadliest pathogens on the planet,” Garofolo said.
Overall, it's an intriguing idea and may have the potential to kill off bacterial diseases in a major way, possibly eradicating them from the face of the Earth. But, of course, all of that depends on FDA approval and proof this works in human trials first.
There's a new Ultima Online
The new game will take players into a dark world, where they will meet more than 30 powerful new characters created by McFarlane. The central character in the new game, Lord Blackthorn, has been featured in previous installments of Ultima Online, but he has now been transformed into an evil half-human creature in charge of an army of other fearsome monsters. The game will include new artificial intelligence, a new interactive storyline, and a new virtue system that rewards and punishes players based on their choices and behavior during the game.
There's a new Ultima Online in the pipes, designed in collaboration with Canadian indie comix magnate cum collectibles magnate Todd McFarlane, who is ensuring that there will be a plethora of purchasable Ultima Online schwag.
Get certified online in machine learning and data science As big companies wrangle an ever-increasing amount of data, the applications for deep learning grow – and so do the job opportunities. If you've got a working knowledge of Python, all you need are the tools to start making data work for you. Get up to speed on the science and code behind the field […] READ THE REST
Listen to vinyl anywhere with this extremely portable record player Anyone who really listens to vinyl knows the medium is far from dead. But convincing others of its appeal can be an uphill battle. For one thing, there's the gear: A quality record player takes up a lot more space than, say, a smartphone packed with thousands of streaming songs at the ready. But here's […] READ THE REST
The android in an Austrian household had to clean up some spilt cereal when it climbed onto a kitchen hotplate and was destroyed. (Reuters)
In what is being touted as the world's first case of 'robot suicide', a house bot fed up of its tedious job of cleaning has ended its life by climbing onto a kitchen hotplate and destroying itself in a blaze.
The android in an Austrian household had to clean up some spilt cereal when it climbed onto a kitchen hotplate and was destroyed.
It had grown tired of being forced to clean the same house every day, according to reports in Austria.
"Somehow it seems to have reactivated itself and made its way along the work surface where it pushed a cooking pot out of the way and basically that was the end of it," explained fireman Helmut Kniewasser, who was called to tackle the blaze at Hinterstoder in Kirchdorf, Austria.
"It pretty quickly started to melt underneath and then stuck to the kitchen hotplate. It then caught fire. By the time we arrived, it was just a pile of ash," Kniewasser said.
The entire building had to be evacuated and there was severe smoke damage particularly in the flat where the robot had been in use, 'metro.co.uk' reported.
"It's a mystery how it came to be activated and ended up making its way to the hotplate. I don't know about the allegations of a robot suicide but the homeowner is insistent that the device was switched off," Kniewasser said.
The homeowner plans to sue the robot's manufacturer.
ALSO READ CBI sought part RTI exemption, Govt gave it full
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
The second group, named Fancy Bear, which appeared to have attacked in April, is believed to be operated by the G.R.U., the military intelligence service. Its past targets have included military and aerospace organizations from the United States, Europe, Canada, Japan and South Korea.
CrowdStrike concluded that neither Russian group knew the other was attacking the same organization. “One would steal a password, and the next day the other group would steal the same password,” Mr. Alperovitch said.
Mrs. Clinton said on Telemundo that she had learned of the breach only after news outlets reported it. She called it “troubling,” but said she was unsure about the hackers' goals.
“Now, why?” she asked. “We don't know yet. So far as we know, my campaign has not been hacked into, and we're obviously looking hard at that. But cybersecurity will be an issue that I will be absolutely focused on as president. Because whether it's Russia, or China, Iran or North Korea, more and more countries are using hacking to steal our information, to use it to their advantage, and we can't let that go on.”
The Office of Personnel Management, whose files on about 22 million Americans with security clearances or applications for them were breached by Chinese hackers, is still trying to assess the damage first detected last year.
The Democratic committee avoided any discussion of its vulnerabilities.
“The security of our system is critical to our operation and to the confidence of the campaigns and state parties we work with,” said Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, the Democratic national chairwoman. “When we discovered the intrusion, we treated this like the serious incident it is and reached out to CrowdStrike immediately. Our team moved as quickly as possible to kick out the intruders and secure our network.”
The party did not say how it came to suspect the intrusion.
Cyberattacks by foreign governments are a constant threat to political campaigns. Because campaign operations are temporary, they often do not invest heavily in the kind of security that financial institutions, large companies and government agencies spend millions or billions of dollars on each year.
KALAMA, Wash. - River otters may be cute to some, but they are more than ready to get mean, especially if they think someone is threatening their young.
Kierra Clark, 13, may have accidentally gotten between a mother otter and her babies while playing in the Kalama River on Wednesday. The river otter attacked and began biting her leg.
"At first it felt like somebody was just, like, grabbing onto my leg with their nails, and then it felt like somebody was like stabbing me kind of," said Clark. "It was probably one of the scariest things ever."
She caught a glimpse of the otter's eyes popping out of the water. She says she can't forget those teeth.
"They were, like, sharp and long," she said.
Clark's grandfather and a neighbor pulled her out of the water while her grandmother watched in horror.
"I could see she had blood streaming down her leg," said Clark's grandmother, Arlita Schlecht. "(It was like) a scene out of 'Jaws.'"
Neighbors who've lived along the river for six decades said they've never seen anything like it.
"Then all of the sudden I see it coming right after her, and thought 'Oh she's not playing,'" said Fred Palmer, who witnessed the attack.
Craig Bartlett of the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife says many animals have newborn babies this time of year and can be protective and aggressive. He says river otter attacks are unusual but not unheard of, especially this time of year.
"I didn't really know what was in the water at first, so that was like the worst thing ever because that's like my biggest fear is to be attacked in the water," said Clark.
Clark went to the hospital with bite marks and scratches. She got a tetanus shot, but she expects to be fine. She said she plans to go swimming again when she heals.
"I think the mother was just protecting what she thought was a threat to her babies," said Clark's grandfather, Bob Schlecht. "I've never heard of it before. It's probably one in a million."
Clark's grandmother wrote a reminder on her kitchen chalkboard that said "You otter be careful when swimming."
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
How To: Give your old t-shirts a second life. Sorry dust rag pile!
photos: kirsten for we heart this
I love using simple materials to make something fun and innovative. The supplies for this bracelet DIY are really basic, so there's a REALLY good chance you own all of them already. I mean, who doesn't have a stack of soft old T's you can't wear outside of the house, but love too much to toss in the rag pile?
As with most of my DIY's for wht, this is very customizable. You can easily work with your favorite color combos or add other textures for variety. Plus you can even make multiple bracelets to give to friends or just to match every one of your favorite outfits!
Supplies:
• T-shirt scraps
• 2 keychain rings
• Scissors
• Needles and thread
• Glue gun
• Ruler
1. Cut 3 strips of t-shirt fabric. One inch is a good width to work with. Length wise, they should be the length of your wrist PLUS 3 inches or so. It's better to make them too long than too short! Gently tug at the strips so that the edges curl up neatly.
2. Stack the ends of the 3 strips on top of one another, and stitch a few times to secure them together.
3. Braid away.
4. Stitch the other end – just like you did in Step 2.
5. Connect the key rings.
6. Insert one end through one key ring. Fold over and secure with hot glue.
7. Repeat on the other side with the other key ring, and you're done!
More Options:
• Add a strand of metallic thread into the braid
• Add charms to the key rings or actual strips of fabric
• Use the colors of your school or favorite sports team, or coordinate it with your latest spring outfit
Readers – do you have an favorite T just waiting to be turned into a new bracelet? Join us in the comments and tell us all about it!
Kirsten of Studs-and-Pearls.com is currently in graduate school, working towards her Masters of Science in Nutrition. She loves vintage shoes, photography, and baking at obscure hours of the night. Her art and DIY supplies are currently taking over her apartment, and she wouldn't want it any other way.
As the number of oil trains crisscrossing Washington state grows, lawmakers need to improve safety and clean-up plans in case of spills.
AS Washington legislators weighed competing oil-train safety bills this past week, yet another train filled with volatile North Dakota crude oil derailed and exploded, this time in West Virginia.
It provided still more evidence that stronger laws and regulations are needed to protect the public and the environment from the trains, which now carry a significant and fast-growing share of North America's oil from well to refinery.
The first oil train crossed the Washington state line in 2012. By last year, 19 were arriving weekly, according to the state Department of Ecology, and there could be seven times as many by 2020.
They travel through Spokane, the Tri-Cities, Vancouver and every major city on the I-5 corridor.
In Olympia, two bills are in play: Gov. Jay Inslee's HB 1449, supported by environmentalists and many Democrats, and SB 5057, sponsored by state Sen. Doug Ericksen, R-Ferndale, which has the backing of railroads, oil companies and many Republicans.
Either measure would be an improvement over the status quo. But a Republican Senate and Democratic House all but guarantee neither would become law in their present forms.
A compromise is needed; it should include at least two key features of Inslee's bill that aren't found in Ericksen's.
Perhaps most important is the governor's proposal to require railroads to provide the state with advance notice of transfers of oil to and from trains — time, location, volume, type of oil. Backers say communities and first responders need the information to plan for and respond to accidents. Railroads contend it's proprietary and that making it public would pose security risks.
Some details may indeed be so sensitive that access should be restricted. But the railroads' insistence that the public has no right to know anything goes too far.
They've even fought to keep secret the very limited information the federal government now requires them to provide to states on oil-train movements — information the Federal Railroad Administration concluded is “neither security-sensitive nor commercially sensitive.”
Inslee's bill also would quite reasonably require railroads to develop state oil-spill response plans, as marine oil terminals already must. Ericksen contends requiring such plans is beyond the state's power because the federal government has pre-empted the field.
Railroads agree, and have hinted at litigation. They've already gone to court to challenge a similar requirement in California.
Fear of a lawsuit shouldn't deter Washington legislators. While the federal government has limited states' power to regulate railroads, some lawyers argue those limits don't preclude states from adopting their own oil-spill plan requirements.
And federal standards for spill plans fall far short of what's needed.
The federal government is moving to tighten its oil-train safety rules, in part because of prodding from U.S. Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash. But states have a role here, too, and Washington legislators shouldn't shy away from claiming it.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has opened up a new front in his war against the media, this time with NBC News in his sights. But is the conflict taming the press or simply making it stronger?
Trump has used attacks on the media to fire up his base since his campaign began. There are few more reliable applause lines at his rallies than his attacks on the “fake news media.”
Yet at the same time, news organizations have reaped journalistic and commercial rewards from a White House that is unparalleled in its drama and volatility.
ADVERTISEMENT
Media outlets across the board have seen their audiences grow, often in ways that seem correlated with their willingness to confront Trump.
“It is a matter of record that, for a number of media outlets, there is this thing called the ‘Trump bump' that has helped with circulation and paid subscriptions and traffic,” said Rick Edmonds, who covers the media business for the Poynter Institute.
MSNBC, the most liberal of the three cable news networks, has been enjoying its best-ever ratings during the Trump presidency. The New York Times, far from “failing” as Trump often insists in his tweets, has seen subscriptions surge.
The pattern is not confined to news journalism.
The latest late-night ratings show Stephen Colbert of CBS and Jimmy Kimmel of ABC winning viewers with their politically flavored material, while NBC's Jimmy Fallon, who typically displays less bite in that area, has seen his viewership decline. NBC's “Saturday Night Live” enjoyed its best ratings in decades during its most recent season, when Trump skits were the main draw.
Individual journalists have also experienced both sides of the Trump coin.
Katy Tur of NBC News was a frequent target of Trump's campaign trail rhetoric; on at least one occasion, she had to be walked to her car by Secret Service agents who feared for her safety. But Tur's book about that campaign, “Unbelievable,” received warm reviews and is in its third week on the New York Times bestseller list.
Those kinds of data points have to be balanced against the more abstract question of whether Trump has succeeded in undermining the credibility of the media among his supporters.
“There are some disturbing [polling] numbers in terms of media credibility, and he is exploiting that,” said Charlie Sykes, a onetime conservative radio talk-show host who is critical of Trump and of the broader right-wing media ecosystem.
The president, apparently upset with NBC for stories on Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws her name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE and his own reported comments about nuclear weapons, suggested in a tweet Wednesday morning that the network's broadcasting license could be revoked.
In fact, the NBC network possesses no single license — it is the individual stations that make up the network that are licensed.
But that was only one jab in a broader flurry. During a brief interaction with reporters in the Oval Office late on Wednesday, Trump declared that it was “frankly disgusting the press is able to write whatever they want to write. And people should look into it.”
The frontal attack on the First Amendment provoked immediate and fierce blowback.
“Trump's latest threat to NBC is reckless and unfounded, and such rhetoric continues to jeopardize the integrity of our democracy,” said Amanda Fayer, a senior adviser to the Free the Press Coalition.
In a statement provided to The Hill, Alexandra Ellerbeck, the North America coordinator of the Committee to Protect Journalists said, “Heavily censored countries such as Azerbaijan, Russia, Saudi Arabia and Turkey license news outlets according to whether their leaders agree with their coverage. Donald Trump's assertion that NBC's license could be challenged not only puts him in unfavorable company but emboldens other governments to embrace authoritarian tendencies.”
Sykes noted that, four days before Trump's tweet about broadcasting licenses, the president had also demanded “equal time” in coverage — an apparent allusion to the “Fairness Doctrine,” a regulatory law on broadcasters that was undone during the Reagan presidency.
“A few days ago he is talking about the Fairness Doctrine and today he is talking about whether NBC should lose its license. So here you have the president of the United States suggesting that he could use government power to retaliate against his critics in the media.
“It is one thing for Donald Trump to be a media critic. It is something very different for the president of the United States to muse about using the coercive powers of government to punish his critics,” Sykes added.
Trump's recent attacks are hardly unexpected. His previous blasts have included sharing a tweet that showed an illustration of a train apparently hitting a CNN reporter. (He deleted the retweet within minutes.) He also tweeted a manipulated image that showed him wrestling a figure to the ground whose head was covered by the CNN logo.
In February, he described the news media generally as “the enemy of the American people.”
Some media critics on the right applaud the general thrust of Trump's attacks even as they raise an eyebrow at some specifics.
Tim Graham, the director of media analysis for the Media Research Center, said that there was no real chance that Trump would press the Federal Communications Commission to take action against NBC or any other network.
“It's Twitter bluster,” Graham said. “But it drives them insane — that is part of the fun, I guess.”
Graham insisted, however, that media bias was real. He questioned, for instance, whether reports of dissent between then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE and then-President Obama would have got the same coverage as those between Tillerson and Trump.
He also suggested that a degree of pomposity on the part of the media had contributed to a loss of public credibility.
“The news media has just too high an opinion of themselves: ‘We are the guarantors of democracy. We are the only ones who care about truth.' No, you don't. You don't care about truth any more than any other sector of the media or any other sector of the political system,” he asserted.
Voices within the mainstream media, however, lament that unless more efforts are made to win the public over to their side — not in terms of individual outlets, but in terms of the importance of a free press generally — they might be stuck in a permanent war with the president.
“Organizations want to be forceful in responding to threats and attacks, but they also don't want their voice to become background noise,” said Andrew Seaman, the ethics committee chair of the Society of Professional Journalists.
“Personally, I think news and journalism organizations must make a substantial commitment to educating people about the press and the First Amendment. Otherwise, we'll all be stuck in this endless tug of war.”
The Memo is a reported column by Niall Stanage, primarily focused on Donald Trump's presidency.
Church slammed for selling blackcurrant cordial and olive oil drink as a 'miracle cure' for cancer and HIV
Victorious Pentecostal Assembly leaders promise the over-inflated goods, which have been blessed, can cure serious health conditions
Blackcurrent squash and olive oil sold for £14, double their real value
Church's founder, Pastor Alex Omokudu, lives in £1.8m home in Essex
Cancer charity warns vulnerable people are being exploited by practice
Church may be breaking the law by promising to 'cure' cancer
Pastor claims: 'We have got the answer to healing'
Divine inspiration: Pastor Mbenga, at VPA's Manchester branch, claims mixing olive oil and blackcurrent squash can cure cancer, HIV and diabetes
Cancer and HIV patients have been told to buy bottles of ordinary blackcurrent squash and olive oil for £14 by a church claiming the blessed goods are a 'miracle cure' for their illnesses.
The Victorious Pentecostal Assembly (VPA) sells the over-inflated goods with the claim that once blessed by a pastor they can cure a host of serious health conditions.
Undercover reporters found members of the VPA congregation in Manchester were told that if a terminally-ill person drank a mixture of the specially blessed litre of squash and 500ml bottle of olive oil, which were being sold at double their real value, their ailments would disappear.
A church leader who identified himself as Pastor Mbenga also claimed to have previously cured diabetes and a brain tumour using the concoction.
He said the mixture would 'do what no man can do' through divine intervention and guaranteed the cancer would be cured.
'God will take over with divine intervention and the cancer will disappear,' Pastor Mbenga told the reporters from Manchester Evening News.
The church's founder, Pastor Alex Omokudu, who lives in a £1.8million mansion in Hornchurch, Essex, has also regularly appeared in television adverts claiming, 'doctors do not have the answer - we have got the answer. We have got the answer to healing'.
The products sell in several supermarkets for less than £6.
Now a cancer charity has warned the practice is deliberately targeting the vulnerable and could stop patients from seeking proper medical treatment.
Martin Ledwick, head information nurse at Cancer Research UK said people should be wary of 'miracle cures' and consult the advice of professionals.
He said: 'It is shocking that anyone could exploit people with cancer in this way.
'We would encourage anyone affected by cancer to be cautious of any alternative therapies, especially those that claim to be "miracle cures".
'If a therapist encourages them to use an alternative treatment instead of conventional medicine prescribed by a qualified doctor, we would also advise caution.'
Dr Michelle Harvie, research dietician at the Genesis Cancer Prevention Centre at University Hospital South Manchester Trust, urged patients to always seek the advice of medical professionals.
She said: 'When people are suffering from cancer they are often desperate and will seek out alternative or a miraculous cure when it is often the more mundane treatments will do them the most good.
'The problem is none of this is based on any real evidence, but sufferers are often being told what they want to hear rather than what is medical fact.
'The sad fact is when someone is suffering from cancer they can often be at their most vulnerable and they want to do something to take control, but it is really important they adhere to treatments planned by their doctors and lead a healthy lifestyle.'
Drink this: The Victorious Pentecostal Assembly claims the mixture of these ordinary supermarket goods, sold at double their real value, is a 'miracle cure'
The church opened in Manchester last year and is the first northern base of the VPA, which has three other churches in Hackney, Luton and Barking.
The organisation has previously been fined by Ofcom for making similar claims on its television channel.
Believe TV, which is available on Sky and via the internet, has twice been blasted by the regulator for running promotional campaigns with testimonies from people claiming to have been cured of HIV, cancer and infertility.
The church may also be breaking the law, as any advertisement, including verbal claims, promoting products as treatments or cures for cancer is illegal under the Cancer Act 1939.
Trading standards officers have also been told about the practice and promised to look over the case.
Pastor Mbenga however said he was not aware the church was breaking the law.
He said: 'It is the word of God, it is in the scriptures that God can heal these illnesses and that is the message we are passing on to people.
'I wasn't aware of that law, but we live in a free society and if this is what people believe then people should be free to believe in it and carry out their faith.
'We have seen divine intervention in the past where people have been healed of terrible diseases and believe that God has the supernatural power to bring about miracles.
'This is what we believe and we are just trying to help people, trying to help them live a better life by giving them the power through God to make changes in their lives. We are not hurting anyone.'
Cure all: Leaders at the Victorious Pentecostal Assembly in Manchester claim the blessed mixture can 'do what no man can do' and guarantees people will be restored to good health Growing membership: The church opened in Manchester last year and is the first northern base of the VPA, which has three other churches in Hackney, Luton and Barking
'HEALING' CHURCH HAS PREVIOUSLY DEFENDED CLAIMS OF EXPLOITATION
Victorious Pentecostal Assembly leaders have previously landed in trouble over claims of curing serious illnesses.
The church, based in Barking, Essex, was founded in 2004 by Pastor Alex Omokudu.
His wife Patricia is a listed director of The Light Academy which runs religious channel Believe TV from the same address.
The channel has twice been blasted by TV regulator Ofcom for making claims which ‘exploited' vulnerable viewers.
The channel was first rapped in August 2011 after a broadcast featuring Pastor Omokudu in which people claimed they had been cured of serious illnesses by the church. One woman said she had collapsed with 'a tumour in my head'.
A relative added that she had thrown away her cancer medication and purchased "blackcurrant and oil" from the church.
When she then went to hospital for a scan, she claims there was 'no longer a problem'. Another man told the audience he was given two years to live with a brain tumour.
The man said he had come to VPA and had been cured with 'olive oil' - to which Pastor Omokudu responded: 'We have got the answer to healing.'
The report concluded 'there was a material risk that susceptible members of the audience may be exploited by the material broadcast on Believe TV'.
In February this year the channel was fined £25,000 by the regulator for another broadcast featuring Pastor Omokudu.
LONDON (19 December 2016) – Strong demand from China will drive the tenth year of consecutive growth for the global PV market, according to a new report released today by IHS Markit (Nasdaq: INFO), a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions.
The quarterly IHS Technology PV Demand Market Tracker report provides forecasts and analysis for installed PV capacity in almost 50 countries. It includes quarterly installations and annual installations for 21 key regions, and annual grid-connected PV installations analysed by installation type.
“The proposed Feed-in Tariff cuts announced in China since September have resulted in stronger than projected growth in the fourth quarter,” said Josefin Berg, senior analyst, IHS Technology. “Therefore, we forecast annual installed capacity to be 77GW in 2016, and 79 GW in 2017. This is a year-on-year growth rate of 34 percent in 2016, which follows the 32 percent year-on-year growth in 2015.”
Since the 2010-2011 period, global PV demand had not grown by more than 30 percent for two years in a row, the IHS Technology report said. The PV Demand Market Tracker projects, however, that global demand will only grow by 3 percent in 2017 due to the decline in PV installations in the two largest markets in 2016 -- China and the United States. There will be two years of single-digit growth before a stronger market recovery in 2019.
Chinese demand for solar PV installations to drop by 40 percent
“Until China officially publishes the changes to the Feed-in Tarrif (FiT) rates, and the timeframe for the reductions, the forecast for total installed capacity in 2017 and the quarterly distribution remain highly uncertain,” Berg said.
China has also lowered the 2020 minimum target for solar power from 150 GW to 110 GW. This reduced ambition reflects a projected decline in additions of Chinese additions in 2018, followed by relatively flat demand in subsequent years, enough for China to exceed its target and reach 169 GW of cumulative installed capacity in 2020.
India to become third largest market in 2017
At projected 10 GW of installations, India is set to become the third largest PV market in 2017, overtaking Japan.
“The Indian solar market is rapidly maturing and it is benefiting from low system costs globally,” Berg said. India is currently the world's fourth largest market with a projected annual demand of 5.8GW. Japan is currently in third with 8.7 GW of newly installed capacity.
About the IHS Technology Solar Service
The IHS Technology Solar Service provides end-to-end research on the global solar industry from polysilicon to policy. Projects, prices, technologies, market shares, and manufacturing are covered in detail to provide the most actionable information on the solar industry.
To learn more about the report, please click here.
####
About IHS Markit (www.ihsmarkit.com)
IHS Markit (Nasdaq: INFO) is a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions for the major industries and markets that drive economies worldwide. The company delivers next-generation information, analytics and solutions to customers in business, finance and government, improving their operational efficiency and providing deep insights that lead to well-informed, confident decisions. IHS Markit has more than 50,000 key business and government customers, including 85 percent of the Fortune Global 500 and the world's leading financial institutions. Headquartered in London, IHS Markit is committed to sustainable, profitable growth.
IHS Markit is a registered trademark of IHS Markit Ltd. All other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners © 2016 IHS Markit Ltd. All rights reserved.
“It seemed like a good idea at the time”
~ Oscar Wilde on Yugoslavia
“Yugoslavia translated to english means south Slavs” Captain Obvious
“Yugoslavia?” ~ An American answering the question "Name a country beginning with U"
Yugoslavia (Jugoslavija -- "Ju" as in You!) was the name of a former generic communist utopia, best known for its phonetic alphabets and exploding hatchback cars. Legend has it that the name is a portmanteau of "you", "go" and "slavery" (a favourite hobby among the poor in all its incarnations).
There was a significant difference between the socialist Yugoslavia and the original kingdom of Yugoslavia. The former was founded by one Josip Broz Tito (twin brother of the beloved pup of Ozzian fame), whereas the latter was originally formed in the early 1900s by the rock band Franz Ferdinand.
Contents show]
Culture Edit
Despite Yugoslavia's colourful history of genocides, the people were said to be rather bleak. Although avowedly atheistic, the ritual of eating dinner together with the family every evening, starting always with soup as a first course, was so firmly ingrained in the culture that it had reached the status of cult. A missed meal usually resulted in a public flogging or a crucifixion.
Yugoslavian popular culture is best known for its rollicking dance films. You Got Serb'd received the "European Musical Least Likely to Be Ripped Off By Americans and Repackaged as New Material" award from the Third Annual European Cinema Least Likely to be Poorly Remade by Hollywood Awards. Its sequel, You-Go-Girl (or Jugogrl, as it was known in Europe), was the biggest hip-hop/square-dance hit of 1985, and the largest grossing film endeavour in Yugoslav history (est. 9 USD in box offices).
Yugoslavia is notorious for its daunting number of seemingly identical ethnic groups, making it difficult for a foreigner to visit the country without being stabbed for insulting somebody's people.
Homes Edit
Houses became bigger and bigger and bigger in time. Originally, they were simply huge (now seemingly small): three floors, balcony outside every room, etc. but this would start to annoy jealous neighbours. So, when the time came, the neighbour extended his house to be even bigger; as for balconies, no longer were they hanging outside each room but they stretched across the entire elevation.
Outraged by this, the first "big house" resident would then build his house one floor higher and switch to balconies across every elevation, he'd also extend his driveway and paint the house red or orange from outside. Eventually America got sick of this. Old couples whose children had grown up and had their own families were living in MASSIVE houses which looked rich from the outside but internally they'd be half-empty with unoccupied rooms. The problem with America was that after its ambassador to Yugoslavia (Donald Rumsfeld) sent pictures of the Yugoslav houses to the Whitehouse, the US de facto president Willie Nelson realised that these houses had already surpassed Beverley Hills for outstanding beauty, and if steps weren't taken to break up Yugoslavia from within, very soon Beverley Hills would look impoverished by comparison, and thus were created the conditions for America to cause in-fighting. The good news was - yes Yugoslavia broke into six countries! The bad news - the locals carried on with their bickering even MORE! Now the rich got richer and the poor started stealing so EVERYBODY looks rich - but they all pretend to be poor (publicly) and say that the old days were better, before going off on holiday abroad and coming back to their second homes.
Industry Edit
One of Yugoslavia's primary industries was the manufacture of Slavic accents. Known behind the Iron Curtain and abroad for setting the standard for stereotypical, nondescript, Eastern European diction in popular culture, the nation fell on hard times with the publication of Yakov Smirnoff's seminal classic on the subject, In Soviet Russia, R Backwards Ya!! An offshoot of this industry was the development of vowels for third world alphabets. However, in 1991, with the adoption of "Q" as the sixth vowel of the Latin alphabet (replacing Sometimes Y), the Yugoslavian vowel industry could no longer compete with its five vowel system, causing the "Great Vowel Crash of '91" (vaolkaputski) and the creation of The Country Formally Known as the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, inciting the wrath of Graecophiles everywhere.
Contrary to popular belief, Yugoslavia's other industry was not that of the production of Yugo automobiles, but that of herding them. This is because the Yugo is not a car, but a large yellow mammalian of the squirrel family, regularly hunted for its fine pelt and sweet milk (jugomooska). The Yugo is unique in the animal world in that from birth onwards it is constantly on the verge of death. In the deep forests of Croatia it was once believed a boy couldn't become a man if he did not take down the wily Yugo.
Language Edit
The subject of language became a difficult and controversial subject in the waning years of the republic. Conflicts between Serbs, Croats, and Bosnians over whether their particular dialect should be called "Serbo-Croato-Bosnian", "Croato-Serbo-Bosnian", or "Bosnio-Serbo-Croatian" naturally lead to blood shed and mass terror, only to be resolved with a national thumb war held by the United Nations. The suggestion of simply calling it "Yugoslavian" was rejected on the grounds that it was a "total cop out."
However, according to some academics, there were actually 6 different languages spoken in Yugoslavia. In addition to the afformentioned Serbian, Croatian, and Bosnian, some posit the existence of three other languages: Herzegovinian (Hercegovacki), Negrian (Crnski) and Montian (Gorski). In 2011, it was discovered that yet another language was being spoken in Kosovo but there was something wholly un-Slavic about the so-called Shqip dialect, so Milošević neutralised the threat of this language spreading by installing a Serbian only policy in the region.
Common to all six languages is the use of sentences consisting of two to seven words and elaborating a death threat.
Civil War Edit
? Did you know... Civil War has continuously torn Yugoslavia into more and more independent nations. Today each citizen lives in the Democratic Republic of Himself
In 1990 , member states of Yugoslavia decided that their thought pills were wearing off and the decades-long rave was finally coming to an end with the first rays of dawn slicing into the dark sky. Trouble arose when Slovenia decided that it was going to stay and drop half a tab with some guy he just met, and Croatia was determined to pursue its own fun so decided to go smoke some billies in the park next to the rave. Serbia was mad as a top , because it was depending on Croatia for a lift home from the party and to pay his tab and Slovenia for a place to crash, so it started spitting chips Bosnia and Macedonia realized that Serbia was having real problems handling comedowns and proclaimed that they weren't going to roll with Serbia unless it learned to relax.
After a short brawl to relieve sexual frustration, all of them went back to their family homes and swore that they would end counterproductive friendships, study harder and never go raving again.
The citizens of Yugoslavia realized that the only difference between any of them was that the Serbs didn't go to Orthodox mass, the Croatians didn't go to Catholic mass and the Bosniaks didn't go to Islamic prayers. They decided to put aside their differences and go down to the bar and have a drink or forty.
Miscellanea Edit
Highest point: When Tito bitch slapped Stalin back in '48, and he was all like, "Snap!"
When Tito bitch slapped Stalin back in '48, and he was all like, The Lowest point: When they got punk'd by Cominform.
Earlier Monday, Dan Devine noted that Los Angeles Clippers point guard Chris Paul is now wearing a protective mask just like fellow Staples Center star Kobe Bryant. In L.A., protecting a broken nose with a clear plastic mask is the new black.
It's so popular, in fact, that little kids are also catching on. In fact, Paul's young son has asked to get in on the trend. As you can see in this photo, he had his father make him a special mask for his own basketball games.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Well, that is pretty much the most adorable thing in the world. Teammate DeAndre Jordan mocked CP3's arts-and-crafts skills, saying that the young Paul looked like Blankman, but that's nitpicking. Plus, it'd be pretty awesome if any player, let alone a superstar, wore a mask with this shape during a real game.
[Related: Kobe Bryant looks like a superhero with black mask]
After the jump, check out CP3's original tweet on why his son needed the mask in the first place.
It's going to be hard for anyone in the NBA to top this photo for the rest of the season. As far as I can tell, the only thing that will come close is if LeBron James' son shaves his head to mimic his father's hairline.
(via SB Nation)
Related NBA video from Yahoo! Sports
Other popular content on the Yahoo! network:
• Grizzlies' Zach Randolph warns Western Conference that Memphis is a contender
• Manny Pacquiao embroiled in two public controversies in his native Philippines
• Y! Finance: Secrets to NCAA tourney success are much like investing
The winner of the Alabama-LSU game, slated for Saturday, November 5, need complete only a few victory laps—the remainder of the schedule, the SEC championship game against whatever hapless sacrifice the East sends, and the national title game against whatever sacrifice SOC sends—to add another crystal football to its case.
Or so the overwhelmingly leading narrative goes.
To be fair, it is difficult to quibble with current positive assessments of these squads. LSU has terrific speed and size, and (at least for the moment) appears to be devoid of that trademark Milesesque erraticism. Alabama may have its most complete team of the Saban era yet, and wow, are they hitting hard on defense. We may in fact be headed for a game of uncommon consequence; the match of the year.
But it's a way out there, folks. There are things like fatigue and possible injury to consider. And—oh yeah—those pesky other opponents between now and then. Don't misunderstand me. I'm excited about it too, and I'm delighted with my Tide so far. Let's just enjoy it all, okay? This is by far my favorite sports season, but it's also by far the shortest one. Let's not wish it away. Looking around:
Can you ever remember a deader man walkin' in September than Houston Nutt in 2011?
I kind of hope Richt hangs on at Georgia, just because I like him. It's tough to quibble much with Bulldog fans' complaints, though. I think he has to win the division to keep his job.
Looking forward to Alabama at Florida. I really don't know what to make of the Gators. That's why they play the games!
It looks very much as if Auburn cannot reasonably expect to win any of its next four games. Their defense is so bad, it's difficult to write even a plausible upset scenario. Consider they have not faced a high-power offense yet.
Is Vandy headed back to a bowl in James Franklin's first year? It certainly looks doable from here.
You might also like:
The Minnesota state high school hockey championship tournament was completed this weekend. Or as we like to call it, the side dish to the main course that is the Minnesota All-Hockey Hair Team
This surreal annual tradition is brilliant in so many ways, from honoring the sickest salad in the State of Hockey to the low-fi production values (filming off the television, the droll commentary).
Scroll to continue with content Ad
This season's All-Hockey Hair Team featured cameo appearances by T.J. Oshie of the St. Louis Blues and Blake Wheeler of the Winnipeg Jets, but even they couldn't overshadow some of the most spectacular mullets, Fabio locks and Minnesota head shrubbery we've ever seen.
But oh, it was not without controversy! You may have seen the video of Luke From Lakeville during the tournament, skating up to the camera and revealing flowing hair to a horrified teammate. He seemed like the odds-on favorite to take the top spot … but there was a “Shakespeare in Love” to his “Saving Private Ryan.”
Watch the video to find out. And to hear bon mots like:
- “They should let him play in a leather vest because he's the leader of these sons of anarchy.”
- “If that's a salad, it's a chop, because a MAN ordered it.”
- “Wink? Why wouldn't ya?”
- “Here's a bit of a flavor savor. Hey, put it on Sea Bass's tab.”
- “The tournament had some negatives. We had a military academy. We'll just fast-forward past that.”
- “I hope this kid ends up on ELLEN. He's that good.”
If the video gets 100,000 views, new sponsor Warrior is going to give $15,000 to the Hendrickson Foundation for sled hockey programs. So send this to a friend who appreciates wicked salad and sick flow and old dirtys.
MORE FROM YAHOO HOCKEY:
WJC questions
From:adesai@clintonfoundation.org To: stalbott@brookings.edu, SBerger@stonebridge-international.com, nsoderberg@comcast.net, john.podesta@gmail.com CC: efeder@clintonfoundation.org, lkoffler@clintonfoundation.org, mdunkelman@clintonfoundation.org Date: 2011-11-04 15:45 Subject: WJC questions
Dear John, Sandy, Nancy, and Strobe, as you may know, WJC is doing Q+A with Nick Kristof on Wednesday (at the Foursquare Conference). It's supposed to be closed press, but. Below are the questions they sent that are related to international issues - namely Israelis/Palestinians, China (trade/Tibet/Taiwan), and Greece/Euro. Are there any WJC Admin accomplishments that we should equip him to be able to highlight? [I put some initial ideas in CAPS below; and we also have requested input from the State Department.] We'd welcome any feedback by Sunday. Thanks, Ami * At the very end of your presidency, it seemed that you came a whisker from a Middle East peace deal, and the Clinton parameters are still generally acknowledged to be the basis of an Israeli-Palestinian peace deal if it comes. But will it ever come? Aren't demographics and the growth of settlements making it harder to see a two -state solution emerging any time soon? * For most of human history, China has been the dominant power in the world. We just happen to live in a relatively brief 300-year stretch when China was weak. But is China regaining its customary position as the dominant power in the world today, and should that worry us? Should we just get used to it? And given that China is our creditor, where do we find leverage to change Chinese behavior, whether on Tibet or Taiwan or human rights or trade? 1. REMINDER ABOUT GETTING CHINA INTO WTO; AND DEVELOPING APEC TO ENHANCE REGIONAL INFLUENCE; AND WJC ADMIN SUCCESS IN BUILDING-UP THE US ECONOMY AND IMPORTANCE OF HAVING DOMESTIC ECONOMIC STRENGTH * Greece looks as if it's headed for default, the Euro zone may be imploding, and the American economy is pretty much stagnant. If you were president today, what would you be doing right now? 1. REMINDER ABOUT BAILING OUT MEXICO AND HOW UNPOPULAR THAT WAS BUT ENDED UP BEING SUCCESSFUL - IMPORTANCE OF SOMETIMES HAVING TO MAKE UNPOPULAR DECISIONS 2. AND IMPORTANCE OF INVESTING IN JOB CREATION AS A WAY TO WORK OUT OF THIS CRISIS AND GIVE PEOPLE TOOLS THEY NEED TO LIFT THEMSELVES UP - MENTION WJC ADMIN ACCOMPLISHMENTS * There are a lot of potential crises that give nightmares to international strategists. A nuclear Iran. A belligerent or collapsing North Korea. A revolution in Saudi Arabia. A naval clash with China. Cyberattack. So what keeps you awake at night? Which of these do you worry about most? Or is there another peril that we in the media haven't adequately spotlighted? 1. REMIDER ABOUT WJC'S THREE CHALLENGES AND HOW WJC ADMIN HELPED ADDRESS EACH ONE, DIRECTLY AND INDIRECTLY: UNEQUALITY (IN INCOMES/OPPORTUNITY), INSTABILITY (DUE TO GLOBAL INTERCONNECTEDNESS, DISEASE AND HATE AND EVERYTHING CAN BE SPREAD ACROSS BORDERS EASILY), UNSUSTAINABILITY (DUE TO RESOURCE SCARCITY AND CLIMATE CHANGE)
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Ark: Survival Evolved is set to grow in a major way next week.
GameSpot can reveal today that the game's Tek Tier patch, which Studio Wildcard creative director Jesse Rapczak tells us is the game's largest ever, is coming out on Monday, January 30, for PC.
One of the coolest parts of the patch is the addition of new power armor sets, which come through the new Tek Tiers. These give you super-abilities such as Tek Vision, which identifies enemies, players, and creatures in the world; night vision; and Tek Boots, which negate fall damage completely. Also, these boots let you scale cliffs and slopes simply by walking up them.
Tek Pants, meanwhile, let you run very fast, while a new jetpack lets you rocket upwards like Tony Stark. A Tek Gauntlet item lets you punch really hard--this is useful for harvesting items and melee combat. The Tek Rifle, meanwhile, has a long scope and can be combined with night vision and other special modes. This rifle can also be equipped while riding a T. rex to let you become a laser-shooting, dino-riding, blasting machine. Why would you not want to do that?
Additionally, these special abilities can be combined, so you can tailor the wackiness to exactly what you want, which is always nice.
The armor sets are aimed at Ark's end-game, Rapczak says. Specifically, he anticipates that players will use them to fight bosses. That's probably because bosses drop a resource called Element, which is needed to construct the armor sets.
The Tek Tier patch also adds new weapons, four new dinosaurs, and a sheep; you can shear the sheep to collect wool.
The new Ark patch also revamps the boss battles, as each boss now has three difficulties. Additionally, the bosses will drop new items, encouraging players to go back and fight them again.
Also coming to the game is a lance item so you can joust on the back of a dinosaur. Additionally, the patch adds hairstyles and facial hair for your character. Hair grows in real time and you can style it, cut it, and dye it. When you cut your hair, you receive a resource called...human hair.
Overall, Rapczak describes this new Ark patch as "the patch to kick off the final stretch," referencing the game's full launch for PC, Xbox One, and PS4. The game is available on those platforms right now, but in an in-development state. The full release is scheduled for sometime in 2017.
Finally, Rapczak teased that Studio Wildcard is thinking about adding an underwater element to Ark sometime down the road.
For lots more on Ark's Tek Tier patch, watch GameSpot's video above.
Source: Minerva Studio/Shutterstock
As a physician, I've found that the biggest energy drain on my patients is . Some relationships are positive and mood elevating. Others can suck and serenity right out of you. I call these draining people emotional vampires. They do more than drain your physical energy. The most malignant ones can make you believe you're unworthy and unlovable. Others inflict damage with smaller digs to make you feel bad about yourself—"Dear, I see you've put on a few pounds" or "You're overly sensitive!" Just like that, they've thrown you off-center by prodding areas of shaky .
5 Signs That You've Encountered an Emotional Vampire
Your eyelids are heavy, and you feel ready for a nap. Your mood takes a nosedive. You want to binge on carbs or comfort foods. You feel , depressed, or negative. You feel put down.
To protect your energy, it's important to combat draining people. The following strategies can help you identify and combat emotional vampires from an empowered place.
5 Types of Emotional Vampires
1. The
Their motto is "Me first." Everything is all about them. They have a grandiose sense of self-importance and entitlement, hog , and crave admiration. They're dangerous because they lack and have a limited capacity for unconditional love. If you don't do things their way, they become punishing, withholding, or cold.
How to Protect Yourself: Keep your expectations realistic. These are emotionally limited people. Try not to fall in love with one or expect them to be selfless or to love without strings attached. Never make your self-worth dependent on them or confide your deepest feelings to them. To successfully communicate, the hard truth is that you must show how something will be to their benefit. Though it's better not to have to contend with this tedious ego stroking, if the relationship is unavoidable this approach works.
2. The Victim
These vampires grate on you with their "poor-me" attitude. The world is against them, it's the reason for their unhappiness. When you offer a solution to their problems they say, "Yes, but..." Eventually, you might end up screening your calls or purposely avoiding them. As a , you may want to help, but their tales of woe overwhelm you.
How to Protect Yourself: Set kind but firm limits. Listen briefly to the friend or relative but then say, "I love you but I can only listen for a few minutes unless you want to discuss solutions." With a co-worker, sympathize by saying, "I'll keep having good thoughts for things to work out." Then add, "I hope you understand, but I'm on deadline and must return to work." that telegraphs "This isn't a good time," such as crossing your arms and breaking eye contact, can help enforce these healthy limits.
3. The Controller
These people obsessively try to control you and dictate how you're supposed to be and feel. They have an opinion about everything. They'll control you by invalidating your emotions when they don't fit into their own rule book. They often start sentences with "You know what you need?" and then proceed to tell you. You end up feeling dominated, demeaned, or put down.
How to Protect Yourself: The secret to success is to never try to control a controller. Be healthily , but don't tell them what to do. You can say, "I value your advice, but really need to work through this myself." Be confident, and don't play the victim.
4. The Constant Talker
These people aren't interested in your feelings. They are only concerned with themselves. You may wait for an opening to get a word in edgewise but it never comes. Or they might physically move in so close that they're practically breathing on you. You edge backwards, but they step closer.
How to Protect Yourself: These individuals don't respond to nonverbal cues. You must speak up and interrupt, as tough as that is to do. Listen for a few minutes, then politely say, "I hate to interrupt, but I have to talk to these other people/get to an appointment/go to the bathroom." (It's a much more constructive tactic than saying, "Keep quiet, you're driving me crazy!") If this is a family member, politely say, "I'd love if you allowed me some time to talk to so I can add to the conversation." If you say this neutrally, it can better be heard.
5. The Drama Queen
These people have a flair for small incidents into off-the-chart dramas. My patient Sarah was exhausted when she hired a new employee who was always late. One week he had the flu and "almost died." Next, his car was towed, again! Each time this employee left her office, Sarah felt tired and used.
How to Protect Yourself: A drama queen can't draw energy from of equanimity. Stay calm, and take a few deep breaths. This will help you not get caught up in the histrionics. Set kind but firm limits. Say, for example, "You must be here on time to keep your . I'm sorry for all your mishaps, but work comes first."
To improve your relationships and increase your energy level, I suggest taking an inventory of people who give you energy and those that drain you. Try to spend time with the loving, nurturing people, and learn to set limits with those who drain you. This will enhance the quality of your life.
Judith Orloff MD is the author of Emotional Freedom: Liberate Yourself From Negative Emotions and Transform Your Life (Three Rivers Press, 2011), available in paperback, and upon which this article is based. An assistant clinical professor of at UCLA, Orloff's work has been featured on The Today Show, CNN, and in Oprah Magazine and USA Today.
Migrating to Kubernetes: Day 20 Problems
Adam Hawkins Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 26, 2017
We completed migrating the majority of our production components from our hand rolled container infrastructure to Kubernetes earlier this month. Our previous post discussed problems making it this far. This post discusses recent issues production issues, how we got into trouble, out of trouble, and how to stay out of trouble.
Our first migration strategy exposed Kubernetes components with a LoadBalancer service with ~14 ports. We could not figure out why this caused instant bad connection errors on those ELBs. We switched to multiple LoadBalancer services with a single port. This “solved” the problem. I quote solved because we did not determine the root cause and skipped out since it was only relevant in the migration phase. We've switched to ClusterIP now that all components are running in Kubernetes.
We also changed our migration approach to mitigate a big bang rollout. We used the existing HAProxy in our old infrastructure to do percentage based load balancing to the container running in the old infrastructure to the matching Kubernetes LoadBalancer . That worked like a charm! Moral of the story: I'm suspicious of services with a large number of ports (say more than two?).
Where are we now after about a month in production?
Situation Report
We have ~20 Deployments in our application. 2 Deployments consume ~80% of cluster CPU capacity. These two deployments are the Core API and the Search Service.
The Core API powers our web site, Android, and iOS applications. We make classifieds sites. The most common interaction in the product is either searching for ads or viewing an ad. Thus, the majority API calls include calls to the Search Service. It handles translating application level searches to ElasticSearch. Core API and Search Service horizontal scales (replica counts) have increased by 2x (or more) since migrating to Kubernetes. We're seeing severe latency in these two components which directly impacts customer facing flows. Our SERP (Search Engine Results Page) availability is ~75% during peak hours. Here's flow:
An application (web site, Android, or iOS) requests GET /v1/serp . (Core API) The Core API validates parameters does some transformation make a Thrift RPC call to the Search Service The Search Service makes a query to Elasticsearch The Search service generates an appropriate Thrift RPC response The Core API generates an appropriate JSON response
This particular flow (or similar) accounts for ~85% of API requests. Here's what this looks like in number:
If you're the betting type, you might want to put some money on the next iPhone beating up on Samsung in the latest battle in the war for smartphone supremacy.
We still haven't (officially) seen the Galaxy S8 or the yet-to-be-christened iPhone 8, but one of the most trusted leakers in the rumor mill is already confident enough to name Apple the favorite.
KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo's latest investor note, spotted by 9to5Mac, is bullish on the sales prospects of the next iPhone compared to the Galaxy S8, calling the predicted OLED iPhone a "bigger draw for consumers" than last year's iPhone 7. But he doesn't just think Apple will fare better than Samsung one-on-one—he also predicts consumers won't be as excited about the S8 on the whole because it's missing "sufficiently attractive selling points" to make it worth their while.
SEE ALSO: Smartphones are only a luxury if you have money
Kuo's note mostly focuses on what should be coming with the Galaxy S8. His projections run in line with just about everything we've heard about the flagship device: he writes there will be two sizes of the device, which will have rounded edge-to-edge buttonless displays, iris scanners and a range bright new color options.
But Kuo doesn't believe those features will be flashy enough to tempt customers looking for the top phone in the market, so he thinks Apple will ultimately steal the spotlight. He predicts Samsung will actually ship fewer S8 units than it did for the S7—which was boosted by its position as the only premium offering in the Samsung line after the fiery demise of the Galaxy Note7—as a result of the decreased demand.
Notably, Kuo made a similar prediction last year about the prospects of the iPhone 7. He said then he didn't see “many attractive selling points for the iPhone 7,” and predicted Apple would be the only top-five smartphone brand to experience a decline in shipments year-over-year from 2015 to 2016. After Note7 phones started catching fire around the world, he changed his tune a bit, but he still expected lower sales than the iPhone 6S the year before.
In one respect, he wasn't wrong. While the iPhone 7 was received with largely positive reviews, it was widely acknowledged to be a boring update in the iPhone line. But that boring phone wound up driving Apple's record-breaking end of 2016, selling the most units in any fiscal quarter of the iPhone's history.
The Note7 might have affected the market in favor of the iPhone 7 more than we know. But just because Kuo was wrong last year doesn't mean he'll misfire again. His predictions about the S8 are backed up by the intense focus on the next iPhone, with its projected addition of an OLED display and a host of innovative new features. Speculation has led to a surge in Apple stock prices months before the device will even be announced.
We do know the S8 will have at least one edge over the iPhone: It will have a headphone jack, contrary to early rumors. If a 3.5 mm connection is all you dream of in your phone, the Galaxy S8 is the obvious choice.
The U.S. Senate energy committee voted Wednesday to advance legislation to open part of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling.
The 13-10 vote, which would lift an existing ban on oil and gas leasing in the refuge, was largely along party lines. Republicans and Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., voted in favor of the bill, while the rest of the committee's Democrats voted against it.
The legislation, pushed by Sen. Lisa Murkowski, chair of the committee, would require the federal government to establish a program for competitive oil and gas development for the refuge's coastal plain. It requires at least two lease sales in the next seven years.
Alaska's oil industry and politicians have long sought to develop the area, citing its potential to stimulate the state's economy and boost domestic energy production. The coastal plain, which lies along the Arctic Ocean, contains 1.5 million of the refuge's 19 million acres, or about 8 percent.
Alaska is grappling with a multibillion-dollar deficit stemming from a crash in the oil revenues that long covered the majority of state spending. Under the legislation approved Wednesday, it would get half the proceeds from the federal leasing program — a share that the Congressional Budget Office estimates at some $1.1 billion over the next decade.
Environmental groups have fought efforts to develop ANWR's coastal plain, citing its importance for wildlife and as a symbol of the country's commitment to conservation.
The legislation heads now to the Senate Budget Committee.
Senate Republicans, with their 52-member majority in the 100-seat chamber, lack the 60 votes needed to overcome a Democratic filibuster.
Before the advent of internet age, newspapers played an evermore critical role in writing the first draft of the history and in setting a precedent for how events and occasions would be remembered in future. Leading world newspapers from the New York Times to the Irish Times prioritised the event of Indian independence on their front pages, with typographical emphasis unspared in the employment of big, bold headlines, as this article shows. What is especially interesting is to examine how the British national press chose to interpret the end of its India empire, given that India was the proverbial ‘jewel of the imperial crown' and easily its biggest source of income in the beginning of 20th century. Only a few years prior to Indian Independence, British Prime Minister Winston Churchill has infamously refused to “preside over the liquidation of the British empire.”
Advertising
The pro-empire thrust of the British press in the 20th century is widely acknowledged, according to Chandrika Kaul, researcher at the School of History in University of St. Andrews. The press had always been a key player in the imperial project. Scholar Gauri Vishwanathan argues that British proved themselves to be fit to rule to its audience at home and abroad, more by representation than by actual behavior. And in that national press served as a major vehicle for representing these values and their political uses.
Self Congratulatory narratives
“Power is transferred at Midnight” “Indians Praise Britain” (Daily Telegraph)
“Power is handed over to India” “Lord Mountbatten on a friendly parting” “The End of an Era” (The Times)
Advertising
“India is pledged to peace” “Midnight guns greet two new dominions” “An Accidental Empire ends” “Freedom Day” (Daily Herald)
“Farewell and Hail” (Manchester Guardian)
“India: The end of an epoch” (Spectator)
“Indian Link Arms — Great Freedom” (Daily Mirror)
“India greets Dawn of Independence” (Daily Worker)
The above are the August 15 headlines carried by some of the leading newspapers in Britain in 1947. As apparent from the various headlines, Kaul notes that in spite of the pro-empire trends and their vastly differing takes on domestic politics, the British newspapers were able to find a remarkably consensual, positive reception of India and Pakistan's newly found nationhoods in the months leading up to August 1947.
One can argue that many of them awarded considerable credit of India's independence to Britain itself. Both quality papers and the tabloids in British press portrayed the transfer of power to India and Pakistan as peaceful and as the ‘fulfillment of Britain's mission'. Widely quoted and referred to, in these reports, was the Macaulay ideal of Britain's “proudest moment” — a reference to an event in 1833, when Lord Macaulay, in his Minute on Indian Education, had declared that the eventual self-rule of India would be “the proudest day in British history.”
A ‘progressive mission' completed
Kaul examines the ways in which India's decolonisation was viewed as the fulfillment of 19th century ideals that purportedly underlay the very establishment of the empire. A cleansed version of British history in India was generally referenced in these stories. The liberal News Chronicle's special correspondent Normal Cliff, contended, “Never has a great Imperial Power surrendered its proud domain or freedom been acquired by subject millions by so peaceful and friendly a transition”.
Even The Guardian, which had been ahead of its times in being supportive of Indian nationalism, stated how “freedom by a voluntary transfer of power was unique in the history”. It was further emphasised that Britain had gone to India “not to conquer, but to trade. Events not intention created the British Raj.” In fact, it credited the Raj for enabling “contact with the outer world” which facilitated the “recovery of a vitality and self-confidence” by the Indians. “As soon as this happened, the political changes now being completed could only be a matter of time, for Great Britain had neither the desire nor the ability to rule a people which had recovered the will to rule itself,” the piece read. The Observer emphasised the “moral and material benefits” that the Raj had brought to India, which included institutions like the Indian Army and the Indian Civil Service (ICS).
Grateful Imperial subject and Wise Colonial Master
The motif of the grateful imperial subject and the wise colonial master was amply present in the British press coverage of Indian independence. Conservative British newspapers such as Mail, Express, Telegraph and the Herald avoided a discussion on Indian nationalism and instead chose to focus on the gratitude expressed by the Indian leaders to the British. For instance, Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan was widely quoted as having said, “When we see what the Dutch are doing in Indonesia and the French in Indo-China, we cannot but admire the sagacity and genius of British people … as from midnight tonight we can no longer blame the Britisher”. Left out were all the details about exploitative and racist nature of imperialism and its deeply impoverishing impact on India.
The newspapers described Partition which led to the creation of Pakistan as a “misfortune” and a “tragedy”. Where the communal bloodshed was mentioned, the British steadfastly claimed no responsibility of it. The responsibility of it lay with the Indians. The Guardian maintained, “We have handed over India to the Indians: they have chosen what … seems a second best — a divided India. But it is their choice; if they come together well and good, but their destiny is in their own hands.”
The widespread publicity and coverage of Indian Independence, not only in print but audio-visually in newsreels was a managed staging, rather than an isolated coincidence.
The iconic Punch cartoon shows photographer Mountbatten trying to orchestrate the impossible trio post of the smiling British Lion and the two tigers representing the new dominions.
A pair of very friendly tigers (India & Pakistan) E H Shepard cartoon PUNCH 1947. #InternationalTigerDaypic.twitter.com/dzxL6Fq0pz — Punch Cartoon Books (@PunchBooks) July 29, 2016
It was priority for Britain to see the last act of its imperial chapter unfold well, in the interest of international approval and not the least because it also hoped to maintain productive ties with the now independent colonies, where it still had powerful economic and strategic stake. Economists Michael Lipton and John Firn in their book ‘The Erosion of a Relationship,' mention that by the end of 1950s British private capital in India was “well above the 1948 level”.
Vindicating Britain
Britain had always been divided about how it felt about its Indian Raj — “a paternalistic despotism in the name of the superior Christian civilization or a progressive programme of improvements leading to eventual self-rule,” writes Kaul. The former sentiment had been more strongly grounded in the press, particularly in the right-leaning newspapers. But around the time of Independence, the press attitude took a new character, which reflected the latter. It was able to cast India's Independence as a British achievement — reflecting Lord Macaulay's dream in the 1830s — and an organic product of its long-term policy.
This collective honeymoon period of the Press did not not, however, last too long. It dissipated in less than a month alongside the reports about the Partition's blazing fires. Once more the conservative papers reverted to questioning India's capacity for self-governance and to the warnings of Churchill about the necessity of the British empire to maintain stability in India. Rebuking this wave, the progressive New Statesman, called it a “deliberate press campaign designed to convince the British public that the end of British rule in India has thrown the entire country into a state of anarchy”. And while the Partition massacres were “a ghastly by-product of painful rebirth” in India, they were “much less serious” than the 1943 Bengal famine which got “barely reported in England when more than one and a half million died”. The contrast points to the multiplicity of ideas floating at the time in the British public opinion above the severing of India.
The reversion of a part of the press to its skepticism about India's independence soon after the event had a curious, ironic effect. They were able to vindicate and justify the British Empire, while simultaneously celebrating the loss of its crowning glory and deploring the violence of partition.
Advertising
(The piece draws on history scholar Chandrika Kaul's observations about British reportage in “Lord Mountbatten and the British Media at Independence”.)
Bill O'Reilly Is Concerned About Gulf Area Strippers?!
Bill O'Reilly is such a humanitarian. His concern for those who are losing wages, as a result of the Gulf oil crisis, extends to those who bare all for a living. Last night's “Culture Warrior” segment featured a discussion about Gulf area strip clubs which are submitting claims for lost wages. Gotta love Bill. He never wastes an opportunity to engage his giggling, blonde wingwomen in voyeurism and titillation as part of a “serious” discussion about current events – and during “family hour,” too! Drill, baby, drill!
While Margaret Hoover was discussing the claims made by those who lost business, shots of gyrating strippers were shown. When Gretchen Carlson said that she wanted to see the “documentation” that these workers present, O'Reilly said that they work on tips. (Hope he's a good tipper!). When both Carlson and Hoover agreed that these claims should be honored, Bill said, “so both of you are going to give the ladies the dough.” Hoover said that it was actually the owners. Concerned Bill said “it has to go to them, too.” But then he changed his mind when he said that he would bypass the “Mafia” owners and give the money directly to the women.
Comment: What a guy!
I was one of the first administrators to put Hyper-V into production, using the Windows Server 2008 version to power a startup hosting company just hours after it was released. I have been one the biggest advocates of Microsoft's hypervisor from its introduction, where I have stood in front of uninterested and aggressive audiences to evangelize Hyper-V. I was even told once that a team of VMware employees allegedly formed a team to attack me via social media. I have provided feedback to the Hyper-V product group over the years, happily seeing some of my contributions turn into something real. Since those early rough days, it's been a pleasure to see Hyper-V build on its reliability and performance and evolve into a cloud-scale virtualization platform that's fit for everyone from the largest cloud hosters and enterprises all the way to small business.
And this is why I need to talk about the elephant in the Microsoft datacenter. Hyper-V management has some real problems, as has been discussed by The Register recently, and has led to some strong feedback on Microsoft's User Voice site for Windows Server. Some who are familiar with me might have expected a strong response from me on The Register‘s article, but I actually agreed with the writer's sentiments.
Some might call me a Microsoft fanboy, but they would be wrong. I criticize Microsoft as much as I praise them, where there are some people at Microsoft who dislike me. But I've learned through my hobby of photography that constructive criticism is a tool that can be used to improve. This article explains what I think is the biggest weakness of Hyper-V and the Microsoft virtualization, cloud stack.
Hyper-V Management Tools
Let's look at an important question, what tools do you use to deploy and manage Hyper-V?
Windows Azure Pack (WAPack)
Windows Azure Pack is Microsoft's preferred cloud solution. I've attended several TechEd sessions on WAPack, and I've left not learning much other than you need a lot of stuff to make this work, and you need to put a huge investment in learning and deploying with WAPack. Quite honestly, WAPack is only for the largest of customers that need a true cloud that features self-service.
System Center Virtual Machine Manager (SCVMM)
I was once a huge advocate of System Center Virtual Machine Manager (SCVMM), but that started to change with the 2012 version. What I saw was a product that had some great ideas that were poorly implemented. The product is unstable, the UI is a nightmare from the minds of a Symantec designer, and the quarterly update rollups should come with a pharmaceutical-like list of possible side-effects, assuming that they were adequately tested, which they are not. Let's also not forget that you can only get Microsoft's answer to vCenter if you cough up an additional $1,323 per host for two VMs or $3,607 per host for unlimited VMs to get the complete licensing bundle of System Center. SCVMM cannot be purchased alone, which is why I no longer work with SCVMM, as no one in my market is buying it and few in the Enterprise Agreement market choose to deploy it.
PowerShell
PowerShell is the Microsoft vision for management. While visions are great, history shows us that visionaries usually get assassinated. I am a big fan of PowerShell, as I use it in all of my deployments, and I automate a lot of change with it. Although PowerShell really is a time saver, I am a realist. The GUI is here to stay — why? Well, we humans are designed for vision. Techies are normally people who visualize things, and their natural UI is a graphical one. If I want to explore, learn, teach, troubleshoot, and so on, then the GUI is where I do it best. For example, when Jeffrey Snover's demo of expanding a Nano Server cluster failed at Ignite, I probably could have solved that in very little time by using Failover Cluster Manager. Having said that, I also have a very nifty PowerShell script for creating a Hyper-V cluster while I make coffee!
Hyper-V Manager (HVM)
Hyper-V Manager (HVM) is a GUI tool that comes with Windows Server. It allows you to configure most features of core Hyper-V, such as host and VM settings, and virtual switch and virtual fiber channel configuration. If you are running non-clustered Hyper-V hosts, then HVM is your go-to tool when everything else fails. Combined with Event Viewer, you can diagnose those issues, which you might fix using HVM or with PowerShell. The few administration experience changes to HVM since Windows Server 2008 are mostly cosmetic.
Failover Cluster Manager (FCM)
If you want highly-available hosts, then Failover Cluster Manager (FCM) is great for managing your virtual machines, as well as being able to configure and manage clustering. This creates an issue for many newbies to Hyper-V, where they are unsure of whether to use HVM or FCM.
Hyper V's Core Issues
There are three issues at hand with managing Hyper-V, which include confusion, tool quality, and customer abandonment.
Confusion
Did you ever see a Microsoft fanboy give VMware a compliment? If there's one thing that VMware has gotten right, it's virtualization administration. VMware does virtualization administration through vCenter, which includes an easy-to-use GUI console that provides centralized administration of vSphere hosts, clusters, and virtual machines.
This is where some Microsoft defenders will say that the platform is irrelevant because it's all about the cloud. If the platform is dead, then don't come running to the likes of me when you want to know how to fix or troubleshoot your Hyper-V hosts or cluster. The cloud does not function without the hypervisor and the fabric, and it's folks like me that make that stuff function and work well.
What is Microsoft's answer to vCenter? The response is most of the solutions listed above, but there are simply too many ‘what ifs' to consider when managing Hyper-V.
Tool Quality
As I said before, I am a huge supporter of Hyper-V and part of the reason is the quality of the hypervisor. I typically experience issues when trying to scale up the management of Hyper-V, where Microsoft advises deploying SCVMM. Anyone using SCVMM has experienced a strange scenario, where they spend more time trying to figure out and troubleshoot SCVMM than they do in managing Hyper-V! A quality management product should be an enabler, provide feature discoverability, require little effort to use and be available to all markets. Unfortunately, SCVMM, and therefore the Microsoft stack, has failed in this regard.
Customer Abandonment
Ninety nine percent of all European businesses are small-to-medium enterprises with up to €43 million in turnover or balance sheet. I doubt that percentage is much different in North America or the rest of the world. This fact really does make me wonder why Microsoft chose to abandon this market to VMware when they made System Center unaffordable by removing per-product licensing and forced customers into licensing System Center using the SML bundle, doubling the cost of licensing a host.
Don't get me wrong, I can manage a Hyper-V farm perfectly well using HVM, FCM, and PowerShell. . . but I'm not the typical user of Hyper-V. Most find the mixture confusing, and many of the powerful features are lost to the perceived mystery of PowerShell.
My Wish for Hyper-V in the Future
Let me get this out of the way, nothing will change by the time that Windows Server 2016 is released because there's simply not enough time. If I had a wish, it would be that the various architects of Windows Server and System Center would sit down and completely re-factor the management of Hyper-V, the underpinning of the Microsoft private and partner-hosted public cloud.
The entire solution starts with SCVMM being deprecated. Maybe a Fabric Manager product is created to replace the role of deploying hosts and servers from System Center. My goal is that all management has a clear delineation between cloud and virtualization. We already know that Azure Stack is bypassing SCVMM using new providers to manage Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V, and this is perfect for cloud fabric and tenancy administration. PowerShell must continue as a way to script and automate deployment and configuration.
My biggest desire is that there is a single GUI for managing Hyper-V, replacing:
The current Hyper-V Manager
Failover Cluster Manager
The virtualization elements of SCVMM
This new Hyper-V Manager, let's call it HVM 2.0, would be a part of Windows Server and manage everything from networking, storage, and clustering, all the way through to virtual machine deployment. Some of the foundations to make this possible are there in Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V, a new generalized administration model was added in TPv2 to abstract no-HA and HA VMs. HVM 2.0 would be the one tool to rule all Hyper-V hosts. And if one wants a cloud, then Azure Stack is deployed on top or side-by-side with HVM 2.0.
This approach would embody the “One Microsoft” mindset to have one consolidated effort for managing Hyper-V. The easy-to-understand tool for best managing Hyper-V would be available to all and quality would be more achievable.
I have been and continue to be a huge believer in Hyper-V. In my opinion, and that of others, it has become clear that the management of Hyper-V has become fragmented and has suffered over the years. It is time for architects to revisit the cost and experience of ownership of Hyper-V. If you agree, then please let your voice be heard.
Ben Livingston, a longtime Seattle pot advocate, has filed a bar complaint against the attorney who wrote a threatening, misogynistic letter to the five female council members who voted against a street vacation that would have eased the way for a future NBA arena Monday. The letter, which a “Jason M. Feldman, Esq.” sent to all five female council members today, laments that the women have “robbed” him of the sports stadium to which he was entitled, and concludes,
As women, I understand that you spend a lot of your time trying to please others (mostly on your knees) but I can only hope that you each find ways to quickly and painfully end yourselves. Each of you should rot in hell for what you took from me yesterday. I hope you enjoy your thirty pieces of silver and know that I will be make donations to your competitors next election cycle. Please don't misunderstand me. I TRULY pray for nothing but horrible things for each of you moving forward. You have made this world a worse place by whoring yourselves out to the highest bidder. Please Please Please do the honorable thing and end yourselves. Each of you are disgraceful pieces of trash that deserve nothing but horrible outcomes.
In his complaint, Livingston writes that Feldman, an attorney in Lynnwood, “is sending abusive email to female elected officials because he is angry over a land use decision. He makes sexual suggestions and repeatedly encourages these woman to commit suicide,” and asks the bar association to discipline Feldman for unethical conduct.
As Seattlish noted earlier, the female council members, who made up the five-vote bloc needed to prevent the street giveaway to wannabe stadium developer Chris Hansen, have been subjected to a barrage of misogynistic insults and threats by sports fans, almost all of them male, angry that women would take their stadium away from them.
The insults, which can be summarized as “You cunt,” “Die,” “Get back in the kitchen,” and “women are subhuman,” may be familiar territory for women who spend a lot of time having opinions on the Internet. But they're unprecedented in recent memory for the Seattle City Council, and give the council's five-woman majority an unwanted taste of what happens when female public figures fail to “know their place” — by, say, voting against an arena supported by a large, mobbish clique of male sports fans. It says something that the sexist vitriol against these five women with the temerity to hold local elected office only bubbled over once men were no longer a majority of the council.
Since all these men (and, it looks like, one woman) were proud enough of their memberships in the He-Man Woman Haters Club to use their own names on Facebook, Twitter, and in emails to city council members, I'm posting them here unredacted.
You all sound like grade-schoolers: the “icky boys against the girls”. So going forward I in turn be misogynistic in my support–NO to all female Council hopefuls. You all bring shame to our city, and are an embarrassment with your immaturity and emotional compulsion. Tim Hirano-Lifelong (50+ year Seattle Resident) and completely resentful of my vote for Herbold-NEVER again.
I know you have heard a million of these today but I really don't think you ladies did your homework. If you ever left Seattle to see other city's with multiple sports teams have the all centrally located. We can never make progress around here and try something new. Maybe you should look at how much progress in the world President Obama has made by opening up many closed doors. Wether by hiring many minorities and women in key cabinet positions or starting new relations with Cuba. I guess we have some ladies that are too afraid to stick there neck out like many other great politicians have in our history. I hope if you get a second chance you will change your mind to really make a difference From: Daniel Anderson
Date: May 2, 2016 at 7:08:03 PM PDT
To: kshama.sawant@seattle.gov, debora.juarez@seattle.gov, sally.bagshaw@seattle.gov, lorena.gonzalez@seattle.gov, lisa.herbold@seattle.gov
Subject: Extremely disappointed with your no votes on street vacation I sit here and try and think of the words to say but I am so angry I think it is best to just tell you council “women” that you have just ruined your political careers with one vote. I do not want any response just know that I will do everything in my powers to ensure you are all not re-elected. Good riddance From: Marcus Kramer
Date: May 2, 2016 at 5:08:42 PM PDT
To: council@seattle.gov, sally.bagshaw@seattle.gov, Lorena.Gonzalez@seattle.gov, Lisa.Herbold@seattle.gov, Debora.Juarez@seattle.gov, Kshama.Sawant@seattle.gov
Subject: How much were u 5 paid off?! U 5 women were paid off and I hope we all find out how much. You're what's wrong with government. There is no way a person with common sense would vote for this and then against it without $ being exchanged for some of you. The rest of you have no idea how sports and the economics of it work. Leave it to 5 women to set your sex back and not be progressive and be afraid to take a chance and make something awesome in this city I love and you don't. Embarrassed to share the same city with u.
(I've removed one comment I posted here after the commenter–who said the five council members who voted against the street vacation should get used to criticism if they're going to make decisions like that–pointed out he was responding to a different Twitter thread.)
The five council members have not responded publicly to the onslaught, but I talked to three of them tonight and they are considering a formal response, possibly in the form of an op/ed, in a week or so. In the meantime, as someone who's taken my share of online abuse, I take up space in solidarity with the five women of the city council who are having to deal with this demoralizing garbage.
If you like the work I do here, please consider becoming a supporter; this website is entirely funded by your contributions, and I appreciate them tremendously.
Share this: Email
Twitter
Facebook
More
Pinterest
The reserves are hitting the psychological threshold also because benign current account deficits over the last few quarters had allowed RBI to use less of the reserves to finance it. (Reuters)
India's foreign exchange reserves have climbed tantalisingly close to the $400-billion mark — to be precise, the reserves stood at $398.123 billion on September 1 — on the back of strong foreign portfolio investments into the Indian market, especially the debt segment. The reserves are hitting the psychological threshold also because benign current account deficits over the last few quarters had allowed RBI to use less of the reserves to finance it.
To be sure, the latest $100 billion addition to the reserves has taken close to 10s years. The $300 billion mark was reached in February 2008, while the previous $100 billion was accumulated in a span of just eleven months.
While the rupee remains strong against the dollar at levels of 64 having appreciated 6% so far in 2017, few would have anticipated this strength, especially after the free fall of the currency in mid-2013 when it slipped all the way to 68.85 against the greenback (the forex reserves had plunged by more than $17 billion during this period).
The other critical period for the reserves and currency was in 2008, during the financial crisis when the currency lost almost 25% of its value between May and November. In this period, the reserves fell by a little over $70 billion to $245.8 billion.
Currently, the reserves take care of approximately 12 months of imports; in the past the reserves have typically covered seven to eight months of imports. Interestingly, India has seen the third-highest reserves accretion globally after Switzerland and China, so far in 2017.
According to Indranil Sengupta, chief economist at Bank of India Merrill Lynch, RBI has been intervening fairly aggressively in the forex market and might continue to do so if the dollar weakens but perhaps less so if the greenback was to strengthen.
After a brief overnight pause, the rupee was again caught in a downward spiral and slipped by 12 paise to 64.12 against the US dollar on Thursday on fresh demand for the American currency from banks and importers amid persistent foreign capital outflows. Foreign portfolio investors sold shares worth a net Rs 827 crore on the day.
Meanwhile, India's CAD, which stood at 0.7% in the fourth quarter of last fiscal is expected to widen sharply to 3% in Q1FY18 due to a sharp deterioration in the merchandise trade deficit. According to Sonal Varma, chief economist at Nomura, the low commodity prices in the last two years have resulted in the CAD narrowing to about 1% of GDP. “With commodity prices marginally higher and a cyclical recovery expected in coming quarters, we expect the current account deficit to widen to a steady state of around 1.5-2.0% of GDP (for FY18),” Varma said.
Currently, as the central bank continues to shore up the reserves, it appears to be depending more on forward purchases than the spot market. This is due to the abundant liquidity in the system which prevents excessive action in the spot market.
MV Srinivasan, vice-president, Mecklai Financial Services believes the RBI is attempting to prevent any appreciation of the rupee beyond 63.80 levels. “The central bank is trying to rein in the excess liquidity in the system through OMO sales and dollar purchases in the spot will counter these measures,” he says.
Srinivasan believes that if the US Federal Reserve begins to reduce its balance sheet size, there could be forex outflows following which the RBI might intervene to stabilise the markets. Net portfolio inflows to the India's bond and stock markets have been to the tune of $26.7 billion so far in 2017.
HTC has just announced the release of the DROID Eris source code. Most people will most likely not even take notice since there's nothing much they can do with it, but developers should be grateful. Over the past year, the Android platform has fragmented quite significantly. HTC has played its part with the fragmentation by releasing most of their new handsets with their Sense UI customization. With the release of the source code, HTC gives developers an inside look at how the handset's OS is built, giving the developers the opportunity to tweak their apps for optimal performance on the HTC handset.
HTC is also aware that there is a huge developer community dedicated to their handsets. The DROID Eris kernel source code will allow developers to customize, tweak, and build their own ROMs for the DROID Eris. To our knowledge, HTC is the only manufacturer that has given developers the source code to their handsets.
Source: HTC
Tonight hundreds of Oklahomans gathered in the cold drizzle to voice their concerns about Pedestal Oil Co's proposal to drill and frack up to six wells just near the South side of Lake Hefner, Oklahoma City's primary drinking water source and popular public park. However, due to a very small venue being chosen the majority of citizens were not given the opportunity to come inside to hear the proposal and instead were forced to stand out in the cold rain. Protestors were left to stand and watch through the clear glass conservatory including seeing many empty seats in the back going unfilled. The rumor going around the protest was that Pedestal Oil Co. had reserved many seats for their own staff. To make matters worse many of those who managed to make it inside stated they could not even hear the proposal as no P.A. system was used. In short, Pedestal Oil Co. really fracked up this proposal. It is doubly concerning that they did not take proper action to be able to communicate with citizens and many believe their lack of concern for the public and poor planning is indicative of how they plan to operate the project if they get the go-ahead.
As the public meeting began inside protestors began yelling for the Pedestal Oil Co. representatives to come outside and share their proposal with everyone rather than the select few inside. Those calls went unanswered though protestors in the cold rain were informed that there would be a second meeting at 7:00pm if they were willing to hold out in the cold rain for an hour. Citizens that did make it inside asked many questions and commented on the seriousness of the situation. “You can't drink oil and you can't eat gas. We don't have another place to go; we mess this one up, we're through.” one man said.
Pedastal Oil stood by their stance that this operation is purely safe and there is no need to be concerned. “As far as all of the concerns about safety, modern well construction is so highly regulated by State and federal rules that the risks of contamination have nearly been eliminated,” Wayne Smith, an advisor for Pedestal Oil said.
What happens now?
“This would have to pass two bodies in order to become implemented. First, it would have to pass five votes on the Oklahoma City water utilities trust, and then it would have to pass the City Council,” Shadid says.
Take Action
The Utilities Department has made it possible to receive comments until December 22nd and questions via email at [email protected] or by regular mail at:
Oklahoma City Water Utilities Trust
General Manager
420 West Main, suite 500
Oklahoma City, OK 73102
See more pictures & videos of the protest here.
Saturday Night Live Transcripts
Season 21: Episode 16
95p: Phil Hartman / Gin Blossoms
Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer
Judge…..Nancy Walls
Cirroc…..Phil Hartman
Jury Foreman…..Will Ferrell
Prostitute…..Molly Shannon
Announcer: [ over SUPER ] “One hundred thousand years ago, a caveman was out hunting on the frozen wastes when he slipped and fell into a crevasse. In 1988, he was discovered by some scientists and thawed out. He then went to law school and became.. Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer.
Jingle: “He used to be a caveman,
but now he's a lawyer.
Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer!”
Announcer: Brought to you by.. Lawn Destroyer – when you don't even care anymore; and by Cubic Yard of Earthworms – what you do with it is your business; and by Wilson Ear Drill – we don't recommend that you use an ear drill, but if you insist, why not get the best! And now, tonight's episode of “Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer”.
[ open on interior, courtroom, the Judge banging her gavel ]
Judge: Mr. Cirroc, are you ready to give your summation?
Cirroc: [ stepping out] It's just “Cirroc”, your Honor..and, yes, I'm ready. [ approaches the jury box ] Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I'm just a caveman. I fell on some ice and was later thawed by some of your scientists. Your world frightens and confuses me! Sometimes when I fly to Europe on the Concorde, I wonder, am I inside some sort of giant bird? Am I gonna be digested? I don't know, because I'm a caveman, and that's the way I think! When I'm courtside at a Knicks game, I wonder if the ball is some sort of food they're fighting over. When I see my image on the security camera at the country club, I wonder, are they stealing my soul? I get so upset, I hop out of my Range Rover, and run across the fairway to to the clubhouse, where I get Carlos to make me one of those martinis he's so famous for, to soothe my primitive caveman brain. But whatever world you're from, I do know one thing – in the 20 years from March 22nd, 1972, when he first ordered that extra nicotine be put into his product, until February 25th, 1992, when he issued an inter-office memorandum stopping the addition of that nicotine, my client was legally insane. And, for that reason, I ask that you fine him.. not guilty. Thank you.
Judge: The jury will now retire to deliberate.
Jury Foreman: [ standing ] Your Honor.. I don't think we need to retire. Cirroc's words are just as true now as they were in his time. We find the defendent.. not guilty.
[ the jury applauds Cirroc ]
Judge: Did you hear that, Mr. Cirroc? [ no answer ] Mr. Cirroc?
Cirroc: [ watching a basketball game on a tiny TV ] I'm sorry, your Honor. I was watching the tiny men trapped inside this strange modern device! [ smiles maliciously to the camera ]
Announcer: “Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer” has been brought to you by.. Chili-B-Gone – soothes eyes inflamed by chili spray; and by Spider Whistle – spiders come crawling when you start blowing, also works on certain ants. Next time, on “Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer”..
[ cut to Cirroc in bed with a prostitute, smoking a cigarette ]
Cirroc: I'm just a caveman, your world frightens and confuses me. And I don't understand why I should pay you $200 for what we just did.
Prostitute: You always say that.
[ Cirroc leans back and laughs, as the scene freezes ]
Announcer: Next time, on “Unfrozen Caveman Lawyer”.
SNL Transcripts
SDR receiver
Some interesting links on digital signal processing and software defined radio:
Short description
The implementation of the SDR receiver is quite straightforward:
An antenna is connected to one of the high-impedance analog inputs.
The on-board ADC (125 MS/s sampling frequency, 14-bit resolution) digitizes the RF signal from the antenna.
The data coming from the ADC is processed by a in-phase/quadrature (I/Q) digital down-converter (DDC) running on the Red Pitaya's FPGA.
The I/Q data is transmitted via TCP to the SDR programs such as SDR# and HDSDR.
The tunable frequency range covers from 0 Hz to 50 MHz.
The I/Q data rate is configurable and four settings are available: 50, 100, 250 and 500 kSPS.
Digital down-converter
The basic blocks of the digital down-converter (DDC) are shown on the following diagram:
The in-phase/quadrature (I/Q) demodulator is implemented using the CORDIC algorithm. CIC filter is used to decrease the data rate by a configurable factor within the range from 125 to 1250. FIR filter compensates for the drop in the CIC frequency response, filters out high frequencies and reduces the data rate by a factor of two.
FIR filter coefficients are calculated with the following code in R:
library ( signal ) # CIC filter parameters R <- 125 # Decimation factor M <- 1 # Differential delay N <- 6 # Number of stages Fo <- 0.22 # Pass band edge; 220 kHz # fir2 parameters k <- kaiserord ( c ( Fo , Fo +0.02 ), c ( 1 , 0 ), 1 / ( 2 ^ 16 ), 1 ) L <- k $ n # Filter order Beta <- k $ beta # Kaiser window parameter # FIR filter design using fir2 s <- 0.001 # Step size fp <- seq ( 0.0 , Fo , by = s ) # Pass band frequency samples fs <- seq ( Fo +0.02 , 0.5 , by = s ) # Stop band frequency samples f <- c ( fp , fs ) * 2 # Normalized frequency samples; 0<=f<=1 Mp <- matrix ( 1 , 1 , length ( fp )) # Pass band response; Mp[1]=1 Mp [ -1 ] <- abs ( M * R * sin ( pi * fp [ -1 ] / R ) / sin ( pi * M * fp [ -1 ])) ^ N Mf <- c ( Mp , matrix ( 0 , 1 , length ( fs ))) h <- fir2 ( L , f , Mf , window = kaiser ( L +1 , Beta )) # Print filter coefficients paste ( as.character ( h ), collapse = ", " )
To get an idea of the combined (CIC and FIR) filter response, the following figure shows a 256k FFT display from the SDR# program when Red Pitaya inputs are not connected to anything:
The projects/sdr_receiver directory contains one Tcl file block_design.tcl that instantiates, configures and interconnects all the needed IP cores.
The projects/sdr_receiver/server directory contains the source code of the TCP server (sdr-receiver.c) that transmits the I/Q data stream (up to 2 x 32 bit x 500 kSPS = 30.5 Mbit/s) to the SDR programs and receives commands to configure the decimation rate and the frequency of the sine and cosine waves used for the I/Q demodulation.
User interface
The I/Q data coming from Red Pitaya can be analyzed and processed by a SDR program such as SDR# or HDSDR.
The SDR programs are communicating with the SDR radio hardware through an External Input Output Dynamic Link Library (ExtIO-DLL). The detailed specifications of this interface and the source code examples can be found at the following links:
Based on the example ExtIO DLL, I've developed a simple ExtIO plug-in for the Red Pitaya SDR receiver. The projects/sdr_receiver/ExtIO_RedPitaya directory contains the source code of this plug-in.
The ExtIO plug-in can be built from the source code with Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Express Edition.
A pre-built ExtIO plug-in for the Red Pitaya SDR receiver can be downloaded from this link.
For both SDR# and HDSDR, the ExtIO_RedPitaya.dll file should be copied to the directory where the program is installed and the program will recognize it automatically at start-up.
Antenna
Inspired by the “Wideband active loop antenna” article appeared in the January, 2000 issue of Elektor Electronics, I've built my antenna using 4 wire telephone cable (9 m, 4 x 0.2 mm2). A schematic and picture of the antenna connected to Red Pitaya is shown in the following figure:
With this antenna I can receive some MW and SW broadcast stations.
Screen shot and audio sample
Signal from a 300 kW broadcast MW transmitter, 25 km from the transmitter:
Audio sample
Getting started
Requirements: Computer running MS Windows. Wired or wireless Ethernet connection between the computer and the Red Pitaya board.
Connect an antenna to the IN2 connector on the Red Pitaya board.
Download customized SD card image zip file.
Copy the content of the SD card image zip file to an SD card.
Insert the SD card in Red Pitaya and connect the power.
Download and install SDR# or HDSDR.
Download and install Microsoft Visual C++ 2008 Redistributable.
Download pre-built ExtIO plug-in for SDR# and HDSDR.
Copy ExtIO_RedPitaya.dll into the SDR# or HDSDR installation directory.
into the SDR# or HDSDR installation directory. Start SDR# or HDSDR.
Select Red Pitaya SDR from the Source list in SDR# or from the Options [F7] → Select Input menu in HDSDR.
Press Configure icon in SDR# or press ExtIO button in HDSDR, then type in the IP address of the Red Pitaya board and close the configuration window.
Press Play icon in SDR# or press Start [F2] button in HDSDR.
Building from source
The installation of the development machine is described at this link.
The structure of the source code and of the development chain is described at this link.
Setting up the Vivado environment:
source /opt/Xilinx/Vivado/2018.3/settings64.sh
Cloning the source code repository:
git clone https://github.com/pavel-demin/red-pitaya-notes cd red-pitaya-notes
Building sdr_receiver.bit :
make NAME = sdr_receiver bit
Building sdr-receiver :
arm-linux-gnueabihf-gcc projects/sdr_receiver/server/sdr-receiver.c -o sdr-receiver -lm -static
Building SD card image zip file:
It is no secret that in the war against meat pathogens in commercial U.S. meat production, the pathogens are winning. The logical result of the tons of antibiotics that Big Meat gives livestock (not because they are sick but to fatten them) is clear: antibiotics that no longer work against antibiotic-resistant diseases like staph (MRSA), enterococci (VRE) and C.difficile. Antibiotic resistant infections, once limited to hospitals and nursing homes, are now in the community and have been found on Florida public beaches and on the highway behind a poultry truck. Big Meat has found some novel ways to retard the growth of salmonella, E.coli and listeria on commercially grown meat–but it does not necessarily want people to know about them and they are conspicuously absent from labels.
Chlorine Baths
If you want to know the most problematical ingredients in our food supply, just look at what the European Union boycotts starting with GMOs, hormone beef and chicken dipped in chlorine baths. U.S. Big Food lobbyists are pushing hard to circumvent the European bans says MintPress News, especially “bleached chicken.” They claim that the “many unwarranted non-tariff trade barriers… severely limit or prohibit the export of certain U.S. agricultural products to the EU.” That's the idea. In fact, the EU has not accepted US poultry since 1997.
Why do U.S. poultry processors use chlorine? It “kills bacteria, controls slime and algae, increases product shelf life [and] eliminates costly hand cleaning labor and materials” in addition to disinfecting “wash down” and “chilling” water. “Pinners” in the slaughter facility who remove the birds' feathers by hand wash their hands with chlorinated water to “reduce odors and bacterial count” after which the birds are sprayed to “wash all foreign material from the carcass.” Meat is similarly disinfected with chlorine, says one industrial paper, especially because conveyer belts are “ideal breeding grounds for bacteria.”
In a 2014 directive, the USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service (FSIS) admits the many uses of chlorine in poultry and meat production none of which are required to be on the label under the “accepted conditions of use” (which limit the parts per million of chlorine allowed). And it gets worse. The FSIS directive also reveals that chlorine gas is used on beef “primals,” giblets and “salvage parts” and for “reprocessing contaminated poultry carcasses.” Bon appétit.
Ammonia
It has only been two years since the nation's stomach churned when it saw photos of “pink slime” oozing out of processing tubes and bound for U.S. dinner tables and the National School Lunch Program. Looking like human intestines, “lean, finely textured beef” (LFTB) was made from unwanted beef “trim” and treated with puffs of ammonia gas to retard the growth of E. coli. While the company making most of the nation's LFTB, Beef Products Inc. (BPI) shuttered three plants and laid off hundreds of employees two years ago, it is since fighting back and has brought a lawsuit against ABC News. The suit alleges “that ABC launched a disinformation campaign that had an adverse effect on BPI's reputation, and used the term ‘pink slime' to describe the company's LFTB even after it had been provided factual information about the product,” reports Beef magazine. And, indeed, a quick look at the FSIS's 2014 directive, whose purpose is to provide an “up-to-date list of substances that may be used in the production of meat, poultry and egg products,” shows that “lean, finely textured beef” is alive and well. “Lean finely textured beef,” says the FSIS, is treated with anhydrous ammonia, “chilled to 28 degrees Fahrenheit and mechanically ‘stressed.'” Ground beef is also treated with anhydrous ammonia “followed with carbon dioxide treatment.” Neither treatment appears on the meat label.
In November, Ag giant Cargill announced it is bringing back “pink slime” with two changes–instead of ammonia, E.coli will be killed with citric acid and the meat will be identified as “Finely Textured Beef” on its label.
Carbon Monoxide
Eight years ago there was an uproar about Big Meat using gasses like carbon monoxide to keep meat an unnatural red even as it was aging on the shelf. The brown color that meat assumes after a few hours is as harmless as a sliced apple turning brown says the American Meat Institute. But like mercury in tuna or ractopamine in beef, pork and turkeys, Big Food didn't blink or make any changes because it knew the contretemps would blow over–and it did. Thank you for your short memory, John Q. Public. “Modified atmosphere packaging” of meat, using assorted gasses, is still a mainstay of meat production and “safe and suitable” in meat production according to the FSIS report.
According to the FSIS directive, carbon monoxide is used as a “part of Cargill's modified atmosphere packaging system introduced directly into the bulk or master container used for bulk transportation of fresh meat products. Meat products are subsequently repackaged in packages not containing a carbon monoxide modified atmosphere prior to retail sale.” Carbon monoxide is also used to “maintain wholesomeness” in packaging Cargill's “fresh cuts of case-ready muscle meat and ground meat,” says the FSIS directive.
Why is Cargill's name actually written into government directives? Maybe because it's one of the world's biggest Ag players according to Rain Forest Action. With annual revenues bigger than the GDP of 70 percent of the world's countries, Cargill is the world's largest privately held corporation, says Rain Forest Action. It operates in more than 66 countries it is one of a “very small handful of agribusiness giants that collectively are shaping the increasingly globalized food system to their advantage.”
Other “Safe and Suitable” Ingredients You Don't Know You're Eating
Unless you are a chemist, there are other ingredients in the 2014 FSIS directive that you don't particularly know what they do but certainly don't want to ingest them. Take “cetylpyridinium with propylene glycol for bacterial control.” While cetylpyridinium is a germ-killing compound found in mouthwashes, toothpastes and nasal sprays, in meat production it is combined with propylene glycol to “treat the surface of raw poultry carcasses or parts (skin-on or skinless).” Yum. How about the “aqueous solution of sodium octanoate, potassium octanoate, or octanoic acid and either glycerin and/or propylene glycol and/or a Polysorbate surface active agent” also to kill germs? And, does anyone want to eat “hen, cock, mature turkey, mature duck, mature goose, and mature guinea” into whose raw meat and tissue has been injected protease produced from the mold Aspergillus for tenderness?
Another unrecognizable chemical is sodium tripolyphosphate used as an “anti-coagulant for use in recovered livestock blood which is subsequently used in food products,” says FSIS. According to Food and Water Watch seafood like scallops, shrimp, hake, sole or imitation crab meat may be may soak in sodium tripolyphosphate to make it appear firmer, smoother and glossier. Sodium tripolyphosphate, “a suspected neurotoxin, as well as a registered pesticide and known air contaminant in the state of California,” says Food and Water Watch also can make seafood weight more. To avoid sodium tripolyphosphate buy fish labeled as “dry,” says Food and Water Watch and avoid seafood marked as “wet.” We have not found advice on how to avoid the chemical in meat.
Bacteriophages
An underreported way in which Big Food is seeking to kill meat pathogens, especially antibiotic-resistant pathogens, is with bacteriophages. Phages are viruses that infect and kill bacteria, essentially turning the bacteria cell into a phage production factory until the bacteria cell bursts, releasing hundreds of copies of new phages, which go on to infect and kill more bacteria. Phages, discovered in 1919, were used to treat bacterial infections but fell out of favor when antibiotics became widely used in the 1940's. Antibiotics had the advantage of attacking more than one bacterium at the same time and not usually being recognized by a patient's immune system, so they could be used over and over in the same person to fight bacterial infection without producing any immune response.
In 2008, OmniLytics, Inc. announced FSIS approval (issuance of a no objection letter) for a bacteriophage treatment for poultry it developed in conjunction with Elanco, the animal division of Eli Lilly to reduce salmonella. Other, similar products soon surfaced for meat production. At least nine bacteriophage uses are listed in the FSIS 2014 directive, mostly sprayed on the hides or feathers of live animals to reduce bacterial count before slaughter. While phages are certainly “greener” than antibiotics, there are two reasons many food activists do not laud the development. Bacteriophages accommodate rather than reform the high-volume, low-ethics factory farming and do not clean up drug excesses. (It is like the researchers developing a prion-free cow rather than reducing mad cow risks. What?) The other reason is phages could become yet another tool of factory farming. Cattle and other livestock operators could use phages to make animals gain weight without risking antibiotic resistance observed a recent documentary.
This week's edition of the Sunday Herald is a “referendum special” marking 200 days of the campaign to go (although actually it doesn't have an awful lot more referendum coverage than a normal issue).
There are lots of things worth reading – as ever, we recommend spending a modest 69p for a digital copy via PressDisplay – but what really caught our eye were the two interviews with the heads of the Yes and No camps, Blairs Jenkins and McDougall.
The the two pieces are lumped together as one online, which makes it slightly easier to pick up on the thing that really jumped out at us. See if you can spot it.
BLAIR JENKINS:
“Blair Jenkins is proud of no longer being in control of the Yes campaign. In his 20 months as chief executive of Yes Scotland, the cross-party independence movement that includes the SNP, Greens and Scottish Socialists, he says it has mushroomed to such an extent it has developed a life of its own. Now, on the eve of a spring campaign offensive, things are well past the point where it is possible to track everything Yes Scotland's volunteer army is getting up to. Ignorance really is bliss in such matters. ‘There is so much of it going on now,' he explains cheerfully in his Glasgow headquarters. ‘Referendum cafes, public meetings, it's enormous. We're no longer able to have an accurate handle on what's happening, because like a proper grassroots campaign it's self-generating, it's autonomous, people are getting on with it. The scale of that is quite phenomenal.'”
BLAIR MCDOUGALL:
“The ‘fence-sitting period' is well and truly over, declares Blair McDougall as both sides of the indyref campaign mark 200 days until the vote.
The campaign director of Better Together, the pro-union campaign formed by Labour, the LibDems and the Tories, says the referendum is finally coming into focus for voters. Chancellor George Osborne ruling out of a formal currency union with an independent Scotland; EC president Manuel Barroso raising the spectre of long, hard EU negotiations on EU membership; and household names such as Standard Life warning of jobs moving south in the event of a Yes vote.”
One campaign director rejoicing in the enthusiasm of ordinary people getting out on the streets to make their country better. The other glorying in deploying a hated Tory Chancellor, a right-wing Eurocrat and Conservative-supporting big business with a history of opposing devolution to frighten people into thinking their nation would be too wee and too poor to make a success of running its own affairs.
Just our biased spin? Hardly. McDougall admits it openly:
“He won't discuss the detail behind Osborne's announcement, but it is understood the Better Together parties agreed the line and the schedule more than six months ago. Rather than a reaction to recent polls, the timing was set to coincide with the onset of the financial reporting season, forcing big businesses such as Standard Life to comment. Better Together's plan now is to link currency to the cost of living crisis and job security, more pressure points for swaying voters. ‘For those people in the middle, it's much more a personal transactional decision, about their own finances and their family's finances.' It's not inspirational – reducing a historic moment to getting people in a sweat about their bank balance – but ‘if it works, it works' is the calculation at Better Together's headquarters in Glasgow. ‘Our strategy is working,' insists McDougall. ‘Our message will always be the economic risk and gamble of independence versus the safer, better way to create a better Scotland through devolution, which offers you distinctive decision-making with the back up of the UK.'”
The last words on the Yes Blair, in contrast, are these:
“Jenkins isn't a campaign wonk trying to grind out a result. He's a believer, hoping that big inspirational themes – opportunity, optimism, change – will convince people to back independence. The job, he says, remains ‘an absolute pleasure and privilege', despite challenging weeks. ‘I come to work every day with a spring in my step and a song in my heart because I am absolutely convinced this is the right thing for Scotland to do. I have never felt this energised and enthused by anything I've done in my life as I am with this. I fundamentally believe Scotland will be a healthier, wealthier, happier society as an independent country. That gets you through the toughest week.'”
Hope and positivity versus threats and fear. The independence debate in a nutshell.
I don't know if my secret santa just got lucky, or if he read really deep into my reddit posts... but he got me exactly what I wanted and I never even told him.
I'm from Michigan, moved to Florida in high school about 10 years ago. I miss it like nothing other, the place is my home. I mentioned (once, very briefly, several months ago) that there was a brewery that I liked up in Detroit, that I couldn't remember what it was called, and that I loved the beers from there.
I open my package to find FOUR beers from that exact brewery, a purple Faygo (possibly from another story I told EVEN LONGER ago) and two bags of chips made in Michigan. To top it all off? The humble introverstion bundle for my pc, which I will be using on my 9 hour trip to the UK, and later in Afghanistan when I get deployed.
This man is a hero among men, and I hope he gets everything he wants for the holidays. Since I couldnt be home for them this year, he brought home to me.
The mother of a 5-year-old transgender girl in Pearland, Texas, is continuing her fight against the Pearland Independent School District to allow her daughter to use the girls' bathroom.
Kimberly Shappley -- mom of soon-to-be kindergartner, Kai Shappley -- said her fight against the school district started in May. The district allows students to use gender-neutral bathrooms, found in some areas of the school, but the mom says that isn't enough.
"I went to the campus and approached the school district to try and work with them," she told ABC News today. "I wanted to make sure Kai wouldn't be discriminated against and be able to use the girl's bathroom, but it soon became very apparent that the superintendent has a very strong, prejudiced stance against the LGBTQ community."
Coincidentally, later that month, the Obama administration issued a directive to schools saying that transgender students should be able to use bathrooms that match their gender identity.
The district's superintendent, Dr. John Kelly, said in a statement in May to The Pearland Journal that he believed the directive was just "one more example of unconstitutional interference and social engineering by the federal government."
"What's next? Legalizing pedophilia and polygamy?" he said. "Unless we return to the Biblical basis on which our nation's laws were established, we are in serious trouble – and cannot expect God's continued favor."
Kelly added that it "has been the position of Pearland ISD administration that children whose parents declare them 'transgender' must go to the bathroom for the sex indicated on their birth certificate. Such student(s) have also been allowed to use a private bathroom (such as in the nurse's station) if they are so inclined."
Obama to Public Schools: Allow Transgender Students Access to Bathrooms
11 States Sue Obama Administration Over Transgender Bathroom Directive
How President Obama's Transgender Bathroom Guidance Will Impact Schools and North Carolina
In a statement to ABC News today, Pearland ISD said its "stance on transgender students remains" and that all "Pearland ISD kindergarten classrooms have a private, gender-neutral bathroom within the classroom for student use."
Kimberly Shappley told ABC News today that she was still concerned her daughter, Kai, would feel alienated and discriminated against if she wanted to use the girls' bathroom during recess, physical education, or assemblies -- times she might not have access to a kindergarten classroom where a gender-neutral bathroom is available.
Though Shappley said she found the words and actions of the superintendent and the school "hurtful," she said she would be the first to admit she "used to be one of them."
"I am a devout and conservative Christian and an ordained minister," she said and explained that she tried to force Kai into being a boy when she was a toddler.
"I knew my kid was different before the age of 2," Shappley said. "My child was very feminine, flamboyant and dramatic. No matter how I tried to punish, reshape or discipline her, she continued being very feminine."
By the age of 3, Kai began "adamantly saying and verbalizing she was a girl."
Shappley said a turning point for her came, though, when Kai -- who was called Joseph back then -- began "consistently praying for Joseph to go to heaven."
"Kai was begging the Lord to let her die," she said. "My child would pray and ask the Lord to let Joseph go to heaven and be with Jesus."
Shappley said she then began doing research and discovered that transgender children without familial support are at a significantly higher risk of suicide.
"That did it for me," she said. "I chose to stick with the words in red in the Bible, the words that Jesus spoke. I clung to those words, prayed and fasted -- and the Lord just helped me to be my kid's mom."
In my mind's eye, the South Shore of my youth was pristine.
With its big old homes and apartments, four grocery stores and doctors' offices, South Shore had all kinds of residents — laborers, city workers, artists, businessmen and executives — raising their families side by side. A black child in the '80s could feel insulated from the trappings of urban life. It's where first lady Michelle Obama called home.
Auburn-Gresham, the Southwest Side neighborhood where I would later attend and graduate from grade school, was no different. My block on South Aberdeen Street felt downright suburban, with boys my age more concerned with riding bikes, watching cable TV and playing video games than engaging in gang conflict.
We never encountered anything like a little girl shot dead while jumping double Dutch, or grandmothers wounded by stray gunfire inside their homes, or young men so hardened by street life that they targeted the children of gang rivals as well as the rivals themselves.
Now a multitude of black residents have called it quits with their hometown, searching for safety and prosperity beyond the city limits — my own friends and family among them.
It's been a humbling experience watching as those worlds, those communities filled with stable families and businesses, crumble into the dust.
Outsiders and former residents read headlines describing violence on the South Side and wonder what has gone wrong in the largely black neighborhoods. But few discuss the toll that black flight is having on Chicago, long a beacon for progress and employment for African-Americans stretching back to the days of slaughterhouses, steel mills and Pullman porters.
Chicago, the city that had once been home to the most prominent African-Americans, from Joe Louis and Mahalia Jackson to Michael Jordan and Oprah, lost 181,000 black residents just between 2000 and 2010, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
Between 1910 and 1970, some 8 million African-Americans left the South. Now, a reverse of the 20th century's Great Migration is in motion. Sept. 12, 2011. (YouTube) Between 1910 and 1970, some 8 million African-Americans left the South. Now, a reverse of the 20th century's Great Migration is in motion. Sept. 12, 2011. (YouTube) SEE MORE VIDEOS
For South Side residents, the writing has been on the wall. Starting as a slow trickle into the suburbs as industrial jobs began drying up in the 1970s, black flight increased in the 2000s, with blacks seeking the suburbs like never before — as well as places like Georgia, Florida or Texas, according to U.S. Census data.
The population shift has folks like myself, left behind on the South Side, feeling like life after the rapture, with relatives, good friends and classmates vanishing and their communities shattering. A recent study found that nearly half of the city's African-American men between 20 and 24 were unemployed or not attending college.
There are troubling signs that more well-to-do blacks have forsaken the city. Last fall, a Tribune article detailed how Chicago had fallen out of the top 10, from seventh place to 21st, in the percentage of black households earning at least $100,000. Many of the cities on the list are now in the South, as affluent blacks from northern cities have relocated.
Demographer William Frey calls it a "reverse migration."
"For educated folks, for people with skilled jobs to go to a place like Atlanta with a large middle-class black population that they can help network and to find those jobs … they probably wouldn't have (that) in other parts of the country," said Frey, a senior fellow with the Brookings Institution who has long studied the migration and wrote "Diversity Explosion: How New Racial Demographics are Remaking America."
Young and educated residents are also swearing off the northern inner cities, including New York and Chicago, and looking for suburbs, Frey said.
"It's a lot of younger blacks feeling, 'I don't want to grow up in this city neighborhood that my parents and grandparents lived in. I have the opportunity to move to the suburbs.' And this is happening in bigger numbers in the last 10 or 15 years," Frey said.
I fear that this reverse migration is setting into motion a chain reaction as it robs Chicago of homegrown talent that could have helped revitalize ailing neighborhoods like South Shore. The loss of the black middle class deprives their communities of their skills, tax revenue and political clout while also robbing a younger generation of desperately needed role models.
Among them: South Side native Tenisha Bell.
I wouldn't want [my son] to go to the basketball court. I wouldn't want him to walk to the corner store. There are so many things that I'd just be afraid to let him do. — South Side native Tenisha Bell, who now lives in Atlanta
Bell, a veteran TV news executive producer who grew up in the Calumet Heights neighborhood, doesn't need to see census data to know this migration phenomenon is real. Bell, who recently started her own media consulting firm in suburban Atlanta, says she sees the housing and job advantages the South has over Chicago.
"All of our housing down here is much more affordable than Chicago," she said. "The economy is a little bit better here. I do see opportunities for jobs. ... I see a lot of growth for us — when I say 'us' I mean young (African-Americans) in that 35-50 group — we are the movers and shakers here in Atlanta. We're getting things done, we're having a lot of success, we're moving, we're doing, we're starting our businesses."
Though Bell, 38, has spent years in the Atlanta metro area, she'd love nothing more than to return to Chicago so that her mother, Velma, could help watch over her young son.
But the frequent headlines about violence in her hometown have shattered any fantasies she had about returning. For Bell, coming home to the South Side would mean living with constant anxiety.
"My fear is too strong," she recently told me. "I wouldn't be comfortable letting him play basketball. I wouldn't want him to go to the basketball court. I wouldn't want him to walk to the corner store. There are so many things that I'd just be afraid to let him do."
Bell's anxiety is all too normal in a city where dozens of people can be wounded during a single weekend, and innocents like Hadiya Pendleton and Aaren O'Connor are snuffed out just for being at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Bell knows that pain firsthand.
"My father was killed on 79th and Stony Island," she said. "He was robbed and killed. And as a 5-year-old, I remember the cops coming to my house that night with my mom. He was only 34."
One of Bell's interns, Darius Johnson, a senior at the historically black Morehouse College, is another South Side native. After spending much of his childhood tucked away indoors by his protective grandparents, Johnson is eager to see the world beyond his old Burnside neighborhood.
His plans don't necessarily include moving back home, either.
Family photos Left: Darius Johnson's mother, Sonja F. Johnson, was killed in Chicago on Aug. 22, 1994. Right: Tenisha Bell's parents Velma and Ezekiel Taylor. Bell's father was shot and killed in Chicago when she was 5. Left: Darius Johnson's mother, Sonja F. Johnson, was killed in Chicago on Aug. 22, 1994. Right: Tenisha Bell's parents Velma and Ezekiel Taylor. Bell's father was shot and killed in Chicago when she was 5. (Family photos) (Family photos)
"I feel like I can do a lot more outside (in Atlanta) and I can actually enjoy the environment as opposed to Chicago," said Johnson, a 21-year-old who graduated from King College Prep. "I can't say that I have too many worries as much as I do whenever I'm in Chicago."
Syrian regime forces fire towards Islamic State group positions as they advance through the desert on February 7, 2017
ADVERTISING Read more
Beirut (AFP)
The Syrian army has reached the last jihadist-held town on the road to its besieged garrison in the east, a monitoring group said on Friday.
Government forces are on the outskirts of Al-Sukhna, some 70 kilometres (45 miles) northeast of the famed ancient city of Palmyra, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
The town is the last on the desert road to the eastern city of Deir Ezzor, where a government garrison has held out under siege by the Islamic State group since early 2015.
Al-Sukhna and the oil and gas fields in the surrounding countryside have been held by IS since 2015.
"Heavy fighting is ongoing between the two sides, with regime artillery and rocket fire," Observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman said.
He said Russian warplanes were supporting the government advance.
IS commanders fled into the surrounding mountains as the army neared the town, he added.
Since May, the army has been conducting a broad military campaign to recapture the vast desert that separates the capital Damascus from Deir Ezzor and other towns along the Euphrates Valley.
Already defeated in its Iraqi bastion of Mosul, IS is facing multiple assaults in Syria.
The US-backed Syrian Defence Forces now control more than half of its most important remaining stronghold Raqa.
© 2017 AFP
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Heavy fighting in Libya's capital city has shut down the airport as turmoil in the North African country continues to grow. Three people were killed and several others were injured in fighting across Tripoli on Sunday.
From the Reuters report:
Explosions and anti-aircraft gunfire were heard from early morning on the airport road and other parts of Tripoli. Residents said that Zintan militiamen who had controlled the airport came under fire and local TV footage suggested that the attacking rebels were from the western city of Misratis.
As we noted, late last month elections were being held in Libya as the country still tries to stabilize three years after Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi was overthrown. The battle for airport highlights one of Libya's biggest problems — the conflict between the various militias that technically serve under the government, but frequently defy it.
Amid fears of "widespread conflict," the United States has called on the country to get its parliament to work in quickly drafting a new constitution to help end lawlessness there. In the past year alone, roughly $30 billion of oil revenue has been lost in the oil-rich country due to fighting and unrest. The closing of the airport certainly won't help.
Tripoli international airport will remain closed till midnight the 16th acc. To latest msg sent to airlines. #libya — Rana Jawad (@Rana_J01) July 13, 2014
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
Analysis of six endangered North Atlantic right whales found dead since June in the Gulf of St. Lawrence suggests four were struck by ships and one died caught in fishing gear, says a report released Thursday.
The sixth was too decomposed to be sure. Preliminary findings of a seventh carcass assessed after the others and not included in the report indicate it too was caught in snow crab fishing lines, said co-author Pierre-Yves Daoust of the Atlantic Veterinary College.
There was no evidence that various toxins may have played a major role in the deaths, he told a press conference in Charlottetown. They were among 12 right whales discovered lifeless since June 7 in Canadian waters, plus another three in the U.S.
“They died because of human activity,” Tonya Wimmer, director of the Marine Animal Response Society, said Thursday.
Fisheries scientists have scrambled to explain what they say is an unprecedented die-off in modern times. The curious, acrobatic animals have not perished at such a pace since they were hunted for their oily blubber in the 1800s.
The North Atlantic right whale population is now estimated at just 458.
Scar tissue, along with evidence of internal bleeding, helped veterinarians confirm the injuries did not happen to already deceased whales, Daoust said.
“Scar tissue doesn't form after death,” he said.
Scientists say collisions with large vessels and getting tangled in fishing gear are the greatest threats to the docile surface feeders. But without actual footage of random strikes over a vast area, it's not yet clear what kind of ships are most often involved.
In August, the federal Fisheries Department announced new measures to improve the safety of whale migration in the Gulf, including rules around fishing gear and speed restrictions for large vessels.
Wimmer said the focus now has to be about preventing ship strikes and entanglements.
“Everyone really needs to sit down together — all the players” from government, industry and animal protection in Canada and the U.S., she said.
“I think their fate is really in our hands and it's up to us to make sure they're still here.”
Matthew Hardy, a Gulf region spokesman for the Fisheries Department's science branch, said there's no time to lose.
“That sense of urgency that we've had over the summer and the sense of urgency going forward to get ready for next season and have measures in place, I think we all feel that.”
Federal Fisheries Minister Dominic LeBlanc said in a statement Thursday that efforts to slow ships and close some snow crab fishing areas were warranted.
“This has been a tragic summer for the North Atlantic right whale population and we are deeply concerned abut the future of these marine mammals,” it said. “We will continue to monitor the migration of the whales and the efficiency of our measures in order to act accordingly, based on evidence.”
For now, speed restrictions for vessels 20 metres or more to a maximum of 10 knots in the western Gulf of St. Lawrence will continue, said LeBlanc.
Right whales are expected to migrate out of the area later this fall but feeding patterns can be unpredictable. A big question is whether the massive animals, which can reach 18 metres in length and live at least 75 years, have shifted habitat.
Traditional feeding grounds include the Bay of Fundy and Roseway Basin, but the whales have increasingly appeared over the last five years in the Gulf. They prefer to eat small crustaceans called copepods.
Of the 12 killed in Canada this past summer, Wimmer said there were eight males and four females aged from two years to more than 37 years old. One was an 11-year-old female that might have added at least five to 10 calves to the dwindling population.
I wonder if I could get away with just making Star Wars comics all the time. Here, I got it all figured out. Ence and Locke fall through a warp-sphere that teleports them onto a Star Destroyer. They are quickly captured and must decide whether or not to join the Dark Side. Locke gives in to his anger and slaughters younglings. Ence, on the other hand, saves Ewoks. Their seperate journeys shape them into the men that they have always been destined to become. They eventually meet again and an epic duel worthy of song takes place. Locke and Ence learn to put their differences aside and both agree that being in Star Wars land is totally rad.
3 Reddit 8 StumbleUpon 0
This entry was posted on Monday, August 6th, 2012 at 12:00 am and is filed under Comics. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Friday evening, the Raiders officially announced which coaches they will be retaining. Among those were senior offensive assistant Al Saunders, tight ends coach Mark Hutson, and wide receivers coach Ted Gilmore who had yet to be officially named or reported.
Among those not on the list were defensive backs coaches Clayton Lopez and Jonnie Lynn along with assistant special teams coach, Keith Burns, and strength and conditioning coach, Al Miller, who is replaced by former assistant strength and conditioning coach, John Grieco.
The entire list of assistant coaches retained is as follows:
Bobby April, Special Teams Coordinator
John DeFilippo, Quarterbacks
Ted Gilmore, Wide Receivers
John Grieco, Strength and Conditioning
Justin Griffith, Quality Control - Offense
Mark Hutson, Tight Ends
Greg Olson, Offensive Coordinator
Bob Sanders, Linebackers
Eric Sanders, Quality Control - Defense
Al Saunders, Senior Offensive Assistant
Kelly Skipper, Running Backs
Tony Sparano, Assistant Head Coach/Offensive Line
Jason Tarver, Defensive Coordinator
Terrell Williams, Defensive Line
Someone had to be held accountable for the poor performance by the Raiders defense and the defensive backs coaches are a sensible place to look. After all, this defense set a new franchise record for passing touchdowns given up in a game (7) and in a season (33).
This keeps Dennis Allen's staff almost entirely intact. The only coaches who are not retained are those the Raiders very likely did not want to return. It puts to rest early concerns about Mark Davis perhaps digging in his heels on only handing out one-year extensions. He may have put that offer out there initially but his willingness to be flexible in the face of the possibility of losing key assistants is admirable and refreshing. We know that at very least Tony Sparano received a two-year deal and perhaps others as well, though not announced.
Though the Raiders went 4-12 last season, there is something to be said about continuity. This staff will be given at least one more season to see what they can do with a full salary to spend on player additions and another draft.
Follow @LeviDamien
It's been a tough few days for pollsters. First, they missed Senator Ted Cruz's surging popularity in the Louisiana primary. Then they were totally wrong in the Michigan Democratic race, consistently predicting a double-digit margin of victory for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, not U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, who narrowly won Tuesday night.
This week, no doubt, anyone who's in the business of predicting races is busy double-checking their methods.
As the U.S. political polling editor for Reuters, I should say at this point that the Reuters/Ipsos poll doesn't predict state primaries, in part for the simple reason that they're really hard to get right. Turnout is usually low at state nomination contests, and it's tough to determine who's going to show up. In Michigan's case, for example, it's possible that polls of “likely voters” focused too heavily on politically active Democrats and not enough on new voters who were inspired by Sanders.
That said, we're always looking for ways to improve. This year may turn out to be the year of the frustrated American — when people who were turned off by politics in the past finally showed up to vote. The challenge, then, is to make sure that we're fairly accounting for all of these people into our poll.
The Reuters/Ipsos poll is different from many others in that we interview everyone before we decide who's a “likely voter”. We then consider their reported voting history, registration status, interest in election news and certainty about showing up on Election Day. That won't change, though it's possible that we'll fine-tune this analysis before November after checking our results with primary returns in large states. We're also looking at several other ways to improve the way we predict turnout in the general election like cross-referencing voter files.
Come November, our poll will be put to the test. The Reuters/Ipsos poll was considered one of the most accurate in 2012, and we hope to keep that going this year.
In September 2014, Mats Järlström, an electronics engineer living in Beaverton, Oregon, sent an email to the state's engineering board. The email claimed that yellow traffic lights don't last long enough, which "puts the public at risk."
"I would like to present these facts for your review and comments," he wrote.
This email resulted not with a meeting, but with a threat. The Oregon State Board of Examiners for Engineering and Land Surveying responded with this dystopian message:
"ORS 672.020(1) prohibits the practice of engineering in Oregon without registration … at a minimum, your use of the title 'electronics engineer' and the statement 'I'm an engineer' … create violations."
In January of this year, Järlström was officially fined $500 by the state for the crime of "practicing engineering without being registered."
*
An excerpt from one of the letters sent to Järlström by the Oregon engineering board.
It started in 2013, when Järlström's wife was caught running a red light by a camera near their home. Järlström spent a year looking into the timing of yellow lights and red light camera statistics, and learned that cameras were catching people who were running yellow lights.
The original paper that determined yellow light timing, written in 1959, is too simplistic for the modern world, he said. And yet the original calculations in them are still used all around the world.
A screengrab from the final fine order sent to Järlström.
"They only looked at a vehicle traveling safely directly through an intersection, however the equation they developed is not used for turning lanes," Järlström told me. "When you make a turn you slow down but that's not accounted for in their solution, so people are getting caught in red light cameras for making safe turns."
Järlström, understandably, wanted to get feedback on his findings. And so he reached out to the engineering board, his local sheriff, and 60 Minutes. He was even invited to give a talk about his research in front of the Institute of Transportation Engineers in Anaheim, California. He also spoke to Alexei Maradudin, the last surviving author of that 1959 paper: "He wants me to continue with this, it's amazing that I have his support," Järlström said.
The engineering board cited each time Järlström used the word "engineer" or "engineering" in emails he sent to them.
To be clear, Järlström is doing this work in his free time, for free, and does not have any control over the red lights in Oregon or anywhere else. In 2014, he sued the City of Beaverton over the length of its yellow light lengths, but that case was quickly thrown out because a judge said he lacked standing to challenge it because "for purposes of standing, Plaintiff must allege that the short yellow-light intervals create a credible threat of imminent injury to him."
"I'm not practicing engineering, I'm just using basic mathematics and physics, Newtonian laws of motion, to make calculations and talk about what I found," Järlström said.
Some of Järlström's calculations.
And yet, the engineering board in Oregon says he should not be free to publish or present his ideas. Tuesday, Järlström and the Institute for Justice sued the engineering board in federal court for Violating his First Amendment rights.
"Mats has a clear First Amendment right to talk about anything from taxes to traffic rights," Sam Gedge, an attorney for the Institute for Justice, told me. "It's an instance of a licensing board trying to suppress speech."
Järlström, for his part, said he never expected anything like this to happen when he moved to the United States from Sweden 20 years ago.
"When I got the first letter, it was this feeling of being violated and shocked that someone can be treated like this in the USA for sharing their ideas," he said. "I've done this freely, self-funded, as a civil service. I want to show these ideas to the public and I'm getting surpassed. It's been a civil rights violation since day one."
Below is Järlström's correspondence with the Oregon engineering board and the official fine notice it sent him.
mats4 by Jason Koebler on Scribd
mats3 by Jason Koebler on Scribd
mats2 by Jason Koebler on Scribd
mats1 by Jason Koebler on Scribd
Earlier today one of Donald Trump's lawyers, John Dowd, made a rather remarkable assertion. He declared that the “President cannot obstruct justice because he is the chief law enforcement officer under [the Constitution's Article II] and has every right to express his view of any case.”
This statement is wrong.
To be clear, the president's power under the Constitution limits the president's vulnerability to obstruction of justice charges, but it does not end it. For example, our own Andrew McCarthy wrote about some of those limits today:
The FBI and the Justice Department are not a separate branch of government; they are subordinates of the president delegated to exercise his power, not their own. Even on Comey's account, Trump did not order him to shut down the Flynn investigation, even though he could have. Trump could have ordered an end of the Russia counterintelligence investigation, but he did not. He could have pardoned Flynn, which would effectively have ended the FBI's criminal investigation — beyond any possibility of review. We can stipulate that these would have been sleazy things to do, potentially damaging to national security, and still grasp that the president had the undeniable power to do them. Similarly, the president had undeniable power to fire the FBI director. You can argue that his reason was corrupt, but the truth is that he didn't need a reason at all — he could have done it because it was Tuesday and he felt like firing someone; he could have done it because he figured that the Justice Department's criticism of Comey's handling of the Clinton emails investigation gave him the political cover he needed to dispense with a subordinate he found nettlesome. The point is that even if the president hoped that cashiering Comey would derail an investigation he was addled by, it was wholly in Trump's discretion to fire the director. Moreover, firing the director did not derail the Russia investigation; it has proceeded apace under the director whom Trump appointed to replace Comey.
Advertisement
Let's assume for the sake of argument that the president cannot violate a federal statute by exercising powers guaranteed the president by the Constitution. He is not, however, above the law when acting outside of his Constitutional authority. With that in mind, read the key language of the most relevant federal statute, 18 U.S.C. Section 1505:
Whoever corruptly, or by threats or force, or by any threatening letter or communication influences, obstructs, or impedes or endeavors to influence, obstruct, or impede the due and proper administration of the law under which any pending proceeding is being had before any department or agency of the United States, or the due and proper exercise of the power of inquiry under which any inquiry or investigation is being had by either House, or any committee of either House or any joint committee of the Congress— Shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years or, if the offense involves international or domestic terrorism (as defined in section 2331), imprisoned not more than 8 years, or both. (Emphasis added.)
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
As the head of the executive branch of government, Trump has the power to fire an FBI director. He has the power to exercise the prosecutorial discretion to order federal law enforcement agencies to drop an investigation. He possesses an immense pardon power. He does not, however, possess the power to order any federal agency to reach a specific conclusion in its investigation. In other words, he does not have the constitutional authority to “corruptly” put his thumb on the scales of an investigation to dictate that the investigation vindicate him or his associates.
Thus, if Trump isn't just seeking the end of the investigation but rather the total vindication of his campaign, he is barred from “corruptly” influencing the relevant proceeding (or Congressional investigation.) For example – and to hearken back to both the Nixon and Clinton impeachment counts – he can't manipulate witnesses into giving false testimony (Clinton allegedly provided grand jury witnesses with false information knowing that they'd transmit that false information to the grand jury). There are limits to his ability to conceal evidence. He obviously can't direct subordinates to lie to the FBI.
But what about his decision to terminate Comey? Clearly, if he terminated Comey because Comey failed to follow a lawful presidential directive – even if that directive was foolish or self-serving – then it's specious to argue that a federal statute can criminalize the exercise of a constitutional power for a constitutionally-acceptable purpose. For example, if Trump truly fired Comey for refusing to publicly declare the fact that Trump wasn't personally under investigation, then that action may be unwise, but it is lawful.
Advertisement
If, however, Trump fired Comey for not clearing Flynn because Trump wanted the FBI to vindicate his senior team, then Trump would have used his constitutional power as part of an effort to deceive the American people. Given the scope of the president's constitutional authority over Comey, I still do not believe the firing alone can meet the legal definition of obstruction of justice. However, since impeachment is a political process – not a legal adjudication of violations of federal statutes – evidence of malign intent could certainly transform the termination into an abuse of power sufficient to support an article of impeachment. In fact, given the various legal and constitutional complications involved in prosecuting president, I agree with Andy. The likely course of action even if Mueller believes Trump violated criminal law isn't a criminal indictment but rather a report articulating the grounds for impeachment. In such a case, however, the legal argument over an alleged statutory violation would be just as important as the political, historic, and constitutional arguments over the definition of high crimes or misdemeanors.
My own view is that there is yet insufficient evidence to bring an obstruction claim against Trump – either as an article of impeachment or as a count in a federal indictment. The Comey firing, however, should not be viewed in isolation. It may represent one key component of a comprehensive effort to corruptly influence relevant proceedings or investigations.
Advertisement
Let's not forget, Trump didn't just fire Comey, he misled the American people about his reason for firing the FBI director. Judging from his tweet this weekend, he also misled the American people about his reasons for forcing out Flynn. He also was reportedly directly involved in drafting a misleading statement about his son's meeting with purported Russian operatives during the campaign. His administration has time and again made false public statements about its Russian contacts.
As the Flynn guilty plea demonstrates, it's one thing to mislead the American people, it's another thing to lie to the FBI. As we've watched the administration get caught in falsehood after falsehood over the Trump campaign and transition team's numerous contacts with Russian officials or purported operatives, it's premature for any person to definitively declare that there exists insufficient evidence that Trump violated the law. Any person making that declaration now is, at best, offering an educated guess. But there is one thing that we can definitively declare. Trump is not above the law, and that law includes statutes prohibiting obstruction of justice.
TrainYAS™ by Daman
HADDINS joins StartYAS by Daman Health to provide FREE weekly fitness classes
Spend your Tuesday evenings working out on our Formula 1® track. Whether you're a serious runner, a keen cyclist, or simply wanting to take a sunset stroll with the family, TrainYAS™ by Daman's welcomes participants of all fitness levels and speeds to get on the track.
Weekly TrainYAS™ evenings offer free entry for all. Clubs, friends and families, the fast and the not-so-fast, are all welcome to take part.
Yas Marina Circuit offers a unique, safe and friendly training ground.
For more information please call 800 YAS (927)
Weekly Group Classes by HADDINS
o2 from 6:30pm
Get ready to embrace the outdoors with our o2 workouts. Sessions are primarily bodyweight and suitable for all fitness levels and 16+ years old. You can expect Endurance, HIIT and Circuit style sessions.
HADDINS Moves from 7pm
Is a dance class that uses a combination of different styles such as, Salsa, Bachata, Merengue, Reggaeton (Hip Hop) and Zumba. The Goal of HADDINS Moves is to improve your social dance skills, provide an workout, and most importantly for us all to have fun! Classes are suitable for all levels and ages 10+.
For more information [email protected]
How to register
To attend TrainYAS™ by ActiveLife, you need to register for TrainYAS™ by Daman's.
Register now
We HIGHLY recommended to register online beforehand so as to avoid long waiting cues onsite!
All you need to do is:
Fill out the registration form
Receive a BARCODE on your email confirmation
Present this BARCODE at the gate to gain entry to track
For More Information
Find out how to embrace an Activelife here
How to get here
Come to Yas Marina Circuit West Gate 20 entrance, where you will be directed to Yas Central.
Get directions
SCHEDULE
Dates Activity Time Circuit Length Location 05 March TrainYAS™ 6 PM - 10 PM 5.55 km Full Grand Prix Yas Central 12 March TrainYAS™ 6 PM - 10 PM 5.55 km Full Grand Prix Yas Central 19 March TrainYAS™ 6 PM - 10 PM 5.55 km Full Grand Prix Yas Central 26 March TrainYAS™ 6 PM - 10 PM 5.55 km Full Grand Prix Yas Central
Please note, the above schedule and track configurations are subject to last minute track bookings. Please contact us on the day you wish to attend to ensure you are not disappointed.TrainYAS ™ gates open at 6.00 PM
gates open at 6.00 PM Latest entry for walkers: 9:30 PM
Latest entry for Cyclists: 9:45 PM
Key Info
Jason Miller/Getty Although he is famously curt during sideline interviews and postgame press conferences, San Antonio Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich has become one of the most vocal figures in all sports when it comes to politics and social issues.
In 2017, he has weighed in with impassioned remarks on the election of Donald Trump as president, the Women's Marches that followed Trump's inauguration, "alternative facts," and Trump's recent executive order on immigration.
Before his team's game against the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday, Popovich was asked what Black History Month means to him.
His response was a three-minute monologue that touched on Trump, the American Dream, systemic racism, and more.
He began by responding to the question about Black History Month:
"Well, it's a remembrance and a bit of a celebration in some ways. It sounds odd because we're not there yet, but it's always important to remember what has passed and what is being experienced now by the black population. It's a celebration of some of the good things that have happened and a reminder that there's a lot more work to do."
He then expressed his disdain for those who don't want to talk about race or feel it is necessary:
"But more than anything, I think if people take the time to think about it, I think it is our national sin. It always intrigues me when people come out with 'I'm tired of talking about that' or 'Do we have to talk about race again?' And the answer is, you're damned right we do. Because it's always there, and it's systemic in the sense that when you talk about opportunity, it's not about 'Well, if you lace up your shoes and you work hard, then you can have the American Dream.' That's a bunch of hogwash."
He launched into a further discussion about systemic racism and white privilege:
"If you were born white, you automatically have a monstrous advantage educationally, economically, culturally in this society and all the systemic roadblocks that exist, whether it's in a judicial sense, or a neighborhood sense with laws, zoning, education — we have huge problems in that regard that are very complicated but take leadership, time, and real concern to try to solve. It's a tough one because people don't really want to face it. And it's in our national discourse."
This led him, ultimately, to Trump:
"We have a president of the United States who spent four or five years disparaging and trying to illegitimatize our president. And we know that was a big fake. But still, [he] felt that for some reason it had to be done. I can still remember a paraphrase close to a quote, 'Investigators were sent to Hawaii, and you cannot believe what they found.' Well, that was a lie. So if it's being discussed and perpetrated at that level, you've got a national problem. I think that's enough."
The Spurs went on to blow out the 76ers and improve to 38-11 on the season.
Developer of $20 million Australian-first solar thermal pilot plant predicts sunny future under Turnbull
Updated
After hours of steady rain, there is not a ray of sunshine in sight and the mud is thick on the ground at the $20 million Jemalong pilot solar thermal plant near Forbes in central west New South Wales.
But in a way, the fact it is overcast helps to explain the importance of this technology, which enables both capture and storage of energy from the sun, according to James Fisher, chief technology officer of Vast Solar.
The engineer, who formerly worked in the fossil fuel industry and said he never thought renewables could compete with coal, now has a much sunnier outlook on the subject.
Technology behind solar thermal power plant
The Australian company has developed what it hopes will be a low-cost, high-efficiency Concentrated Solar Power (CSP) generation technology.
The Jemalong pilot plant will be ready for commissioning in mid-January and is designed to prove the technology works.
Five modules of 700 mirrors — or heliostats — will concentrate the sun's energy onto a receiver mounted on a 27-metre high tower.
Sodium will then be pumped through the receiver where it will be heated up to 565 degrees Celsius and stored in a tank.
When power is needed, the hot sodium will be put through a steam generator, similar to a big kettle, which will boil the water, generating steam and driving the turbine in the same way a coal-fired plant operates.
What's different about CSP?
Mr Fisher said traditional solar or photovoltaic power production converted the sun's energy directly into electricity which then had to be stored in expensive batteries.
This sort of technology will put massive amounts of money into regional Australia if it takes off James Fisher, Vast Solar
He said the difference with CSP was that it captured the sun's energy in heat which was cheaper and easier to store.
"So the big advantage with solar thermal is the storage. Our storage costs around $25 a kilowatt an hour, compared to lithium-ion batteries which cost about $300 a kilowatt hour," Mr Fisher said.
He said the system meant power production could happen whenever it was needed and until now, that role of maintaining a steady electricity grid had mainly been provided by coal power.
"We can run 24 hours a day and providing base load is really the key to solar thermal," he said.
Potential for 'massive' money in regions
Mr Fisher said if the 1.1 megawatt Jemalong pilot proved the technology was viable for 30 years, a billion dollar commercial plants would be built.
It could be very significant here in Australia but also, there are significant overseas opportunities for Vast where Australia could earn export dollars. Ian Kay, Arena
"This sort of technology will put massive amounts of money into regional Australia if it takes off," he said.
Vast Solar has revealed plans for a 30 megawatt commercial plant — at a yet to be determined location — and Mr Fisher said the company had progressed well in attracting investment.
"But a problem is it's big money to develop it. These plants you can only build in large scale, so a tiny plant will be $100 million and a good-sized plant will be $500 million," Mr Fisher said.
The commissioning process at the Jemalong pilot will take four to six months and experts ranging from representatives of power utilities to academics from the Australian National University will be involved.
The project is also being closely watched by the Australian Government's Renewable Energy Agency, Arena, which has committed $5 million.
Arena's chief financial officer, Ian Kay, said it had supported Vast Solar from the initial stages of a smaller pilot plant.
"This is the next logical scale-up of their technology and then, assuming this is successful, Arena expects to support them in a far larger plant," Mr Kay said.
"It could be very significant here in Australia but also, there are significant overseas opportunities for Vast where Australia could earn export dollars."
Sunny future for solar thermal
Mr Fisher said solar thermal had been the "poor cousin" of renewable energy and research and development in the field was about 20 years behind photovoltaic technology.
However, he is hopeful following the change in leadership within the Federal Government.
"Malcolm Turnbull's government is being very proactive on this sort of thing and innovation, which is where I squarely sit," Mr Fisher said.
"We're excited that we've got a government that understands that."
Mr Fisher said commercial solar thermal plants could be producing power at seven cents per kilowatt hour, which was cheaper than the most up-to-date coal-fired plants.
"I think we'll look back in 50 years and think, 'wow, what were we doing building coal mines to power a plant that has to run 24-hours a day when the sunshine's free?'"
He said solar thermal technology had a bright future.
"Hopefully it will be Vast Solar that cracks it but someone will do it, there's no question in my mind," he said.
Topics: solar-energy, research, regional, federal-government, electricity-energy-and-utilities, forbes-2871
First posted
Toshiko Sato heads to Russia on the trail of a mysterious radio signal – but who will be waiting for her? Listen to the trailer today!
The KVI. Outside the Kremlin, beyond the President. A secret institute created by his majesty Tsar Nicholas II to defend the Motherland from unknowable evil. The 20th Century changed everything – but the KVI are still ready...
Based on the beloved Doctor Who is a spin-off series created by Russell T Davies, Big Finish's range of Torchwood audios continues the legacy of Earth's greatest defenders, with new stories set in and around the original TV show.
Continuing our second series of audio dramas, Torchwood: Zone 10 sees the return of Naoko Mori as Toshiko Sato – and sees her voyage to the wastelands of Russia...
They call it "Pulse" - a radio signal which has puzzled the world for 40 years. But now Toshiko Sato has solved it.
She's uncovered a message which leads her to Russia, and into an uneasy alliance with the KVI - the Russian equivalent of Torchwood. Toshiko needs to get into Zone 10 - a frozen wasteland which officially doesn't exist.
An intergalactic war was once fought in Zone 10. And it turns out there's a survivor.
Written by David Llewellyn, and starring Naoko Mori, Krystian Godlewski, Ella Garland and Geoffrey Breton, Torchwood: Zone 10 introduces powerful new players into the Torchwood mythology – and a danger that will plague the team for years to come...
Torchwood: Series 2 begins in March with the release of Torchwood: The Victorian Age – starring John Barrowman as Captain Jack Harkness and Rowena Cooper as Queen Victoria.
Further releases include the return Tom Price as Sergeant Andy in Torchwood: Ghost Mission and Indira Varma as Suzie Costello in Torchwood: Moving Targets. Two further releases will be announced at a later date.
You can subscribe to the whole of Series 2 today at the special introductory rate of £45 on CD and £40 to download (this price being held through to March 31st 2016).
Series 1 is also available as a single, money-saving bundle today; including the recently released series finale Torchwood: More Than This. And remember, when you choose to buy this release on CD directly from Big Finish, you will also unlock instant access to a digital copy for download.
Buy Photo Local counties among Ohio leaders for new gun licenses (Photo: The Enquirer/ Liz Dufour)Buy Photo
More than 110,000 concealed carry handgun licenses were issued or renewed in Ohio in 2014, according to a report issued by state Attorney General Mike DeWine. Counties in the Greater Cincinnati area also issued more licenses than most.
Data provided by Ohio's county sheriffs showed 58,066 new licences were issued in Ohio in 2014 while 52,146 licences were renewed.
Fifty-seven temporary licenses were also issued for a grand total of 110,212, according to the report from DeWine's office.
Hamilton County issued more concealed carry licenses than most Ohio counties, as did Clermont and Butler. Hamilton County Sheriff Jim Neil's office reported 2,434 new licences - the fourth most in the state.
Top 15 Ohio counties for new concealed carry licences
1. Lake County - 3,748 new licenses (1,853 renewed)
2. Franklin County - 3,696 (2,770 renewed)
3. Montgomery County - 2,798 (2,258 renewed)
4. Hamilton County - 2,434 (1,918 renewed)
5. Clermont County - 1,773 (2,361 renewed)
6. Butler County - 1,750 (2,293 renewed)
7. Mahoning County - 1,494 (686 renewed)
8. Wayne County - 1,435 (1,058 renewed)
9. Warren County - 1,410 (1,707 renewed)
10. Summit County - 1,353 (1,973 renewed)
11. Madison County - 1, 338 (884 renewed)
12. Cuyahoga County - 1,313 (1,340 renewed)
13. Wood County - 1,231 (798 renewed)
14. Lorain County - 1,228 (1,116 renewed)
15. Licking County - 1,144 (882 renewed)
The report also said 1,412 licenses were suspended in 2014. Last year was the fifth consecutive year in which the quantity of suspensions increased.
According to Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine's office, 1,412 concealed carry handgun licences were suspended in 2014. (Photo: Provided, Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine's office)
Suspensions occur when a license holder has been arrested or charged with certain offenses or if the licensee is the subject of a protection order issued by a court, according to the annual report on concealed carry handgun licences release by DeWine's office.
These numbers might seem high, however, the quantity of new licenses issued in 2014 was down considerably from 2013 when 96,972 new licenses were issued.
State laws require county sheriffs to report concealed handgun license statistics to the Ohio Peace Officer Training Commission within the Ohio Attorney General's Office, the release said.
The release from the DeWine's office, as well as the annual report, does not account for the population of respective counties relative to the quantities of concealed carry handgun licenses.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1AdU3Og
0
Three years ago, Todd Duffee (Pictured) was dubbed by many pundits as the heavyweight division's next big thing. He was fresh off a seven-second knockout victory, which at the time was recognized as the fasted KO in Octagon history, and was unblemished through six professional fights.
Then out of the blue, UFC president Dana White fired the now-27-year-old because of his “attitude problem.”
Duffee went on to lose his next two bouts, one of which was a 34-second thrashing by Alistair Overeem, but righted the ship against Neil Grove prior to getting called back up to the majors.
The UFC granted Duffee a reprieve when Phil De Fries' UFC 155 opponent was pulled from their tango, and White says the slugger has been a model employee ever since.
“I had a beef with him a while ago,” White said of their rocky relationship. “I felt like he didn't give a [expletive] if he was in the UFC or not. So if you don't want to do business with us, then don't do business with us.
“We ended up bringing him back and he's been great through this whole thing.”
Duffee made the most of his second stint with the UFC by steamrolling De Fries in 124 seconds. Did the promising youngster simply need time to grow up? According to White, it was likely a case of ‘You don't know what you've got until it's gone.'
“I don't know if the guy needed to mature or anything,” White shared. “I just think that once you get into the UFC, some of these guys start to get like, ‘Aw, this and that, I'm not being treated [right].' And when they leave they're like, ‘Holy [expletive]. It was actually pretty good over there.'
“I think he's got great potential. He looked good [Saturday]. We'll see.”
The exhibition space is enormous. Built in the 1920s, the Gasometer on the Rhine-Herne Canal in Oberhausen, western Germany, is one of the country's most astonishing industrial monuments. The former gas storage container is 117 meters tall and 67 meters wide (580 x 220 feet), towering over any people below. It was converted into an exhibition hall in 1993, but it has never been used to its full potential -- until now.
On March 16, what is likely to be the final installation in Germany by the American artist Christo will be opened to the public. Entitled "Big Air Package," the work is meant to be the largest inflatable object of all time. Its volume would rival the ill-fated Hindenburg blimp, still the largest airship ever created.
His most famous project in Germany to date was the 1995 "Wrapped Reichstag," when Christo and his wife Jeanne-Claude draped the entire German parliament building in Berlin in just under 100,000 square meters of fabric, which was covered by an aluminum layer.
The inflatable package, 94 meters high and 54 meters wide, of "Big Air Package" is made up of 20,350 square meters of specially made milky-white, translucent material the artist calls "ETex Christo." A specialty firm in the northern city of Lübeck spent 2,800 hours completing 12.5 kilometers (7.8 miles) of stitching. The 600 panels of fabric are to be held together by ropes and Velcro, which are meant to allow the 5.3-metric-ton formation to hold as much air as possible.
But all that is just numbers. And numbers can't describe the experience of stepping through the airtight revolving doors and climbing the stairs -- or better put, floating up them as if you were in the interior of a surreal rain cloud. Those who want to step into this transcendental space must make their way to Oberhausen. It's the kind of pull toward the heavens that people in the Middle Ages must have felt when they first entered a gothic cathedral and looked up.
"Religious? Me?" Christo says bewildered. "Oh, goodness!" He came to Oberhausen to talk about his "Big Air Package," not to answer "questions about politics, religion or the art of others."
Accompanying Christo are his ever-present house photographer and curator, Wolfgang Volz, a young art historian and his nephew, who is constantly on the phone and constantly filming. Christo's handshake is surprisingly weak, as if you're grabbing hold of a bundle of dry twigs.
'Artists Don't Retire. They Die.'
Christo's long, thinning hair is its customary tangled mass of gray, and the look in his eyes is alert, even as his head droops lower and lower between his shoulders the longer he speaks in a conversation. Ever since his wife, Jeanne-Claude, died in 2009, he has been speaking and working for two. And it's taxing.
At one point, he briefly rests his forehead on the table. He says "we" and "us" when referring to their work together, which he wants to bring to an end. And just as if Jeanne-Claude were still alive and well, he speaks of her as an equal. "We are 77 years old now, and I don't know how much time is left," he says. "So, by promoting several projects simultaneously, we try to push things forward."
Shortly before her death, Jeanne-Claude said ominously: "Artists don't retire. They die." This explains why Christo wants to complete what they began together. Admittedly, all the drafts came from him. But executing those ideas was possible only with the oversight and persistence of his wife. "She just knows how to deal with people," Christo says. "I can't do that, but I have to try." The "things" that he wants to speed up are three final works of art that originated between him and his wife.
The first is "Over The River," a plan to drape large panels of silvery translucent fabric over parts of a 50-kilometer stretch of the Arkansas River in the western US state of Colorado. Christo speaks of the project with such euphoria that you would think his mere words could make it happen -- which may well be the case. "I stopped counting after more than 200 public hearings with local residents and opponents," he says.
All the bureaucratic hurdles have been cleared, but he's still accused of waging eco-terrorism on the area, which is part of a nature reserve. Despite that, and the project's cost of $50 million, "Over The River" could come to fruition by 2015. Plans began back in 1992.
Oil Drums Stacked in the Desert
The second project is much less of a hassle, even though its megalomaniacal dimensions cause it to surpass everything we once knew as "art." Christo wants to put 410,000 multi-colored oil drums in the desert sands of the United Arab Emirates, stacking them into what he would call the world's largest sculpture.
Its name, "The Mastaba," refers to a type of ancient Egyptian tomb that mimics one of the oldest geometric architectural models in the world. "Mud benches with this form would be found in front of the first houses our species built, 6,000 years ago in ancient Mesopotamia," he says. "Two vertical walls with a flat top, and two slanted sides at an angle of 60 degrees. It's a geometric form you get when you stack round objects."
The colossal construction is set to cost 300 million and will be taller and wider than the pyramids at Giza. The 10 colors, partially developed by German chemical company BASF, are meant to evoke the pointillism of Islamic mosaics. And unlike other projects by Christo, "The Mastaba" is supposed to stay standing as a monument to the oil-age of an oil-rich nation, designed by an artist who for 50 years worked mostly with polyester -- a product derived from crude oil.
And that's not supposed to be a political commentary? Christo shakes his head, letting his hair fly. "Today, art is illustration," he says. "It illustrates war, economy, nature, religion -- no matter what, it's all propaganda. These are not real things; they are only images of real things. All our projects are the real things. They are politics. It is the real water, real rivers, real fear -- not just an illustration of fear!"
Art Evolves from the Social Process
There are critics who call Christo's approach to art -- a fusion of land art and pop art, with a shot of surrealism -- outdated. Other critics more favorably assume that his works are akin to "social sculpture," the term coined by the German artist Joseph Beuys that refers to art's ability to transform society. Christo declines to argue with that assumption.
Sculptors create their art with stone, painters with a canvas. "Our art evolves from the social process, from the controversy with bureaucrats and farmers," he says. "These debates in the run-up are our material as well as the wind or the rain." In Oberhausen, however, there haven't been any problems -- which is why it's "only an installation," as Christo stipulates with a raised index finger. This makes "Big Air Package" sound as if it were only an apprentice piece, or another means by which to finance the other two projects. Almost everything has been paid for by Jeanne-Claude and Christo themselves.
But "Big Air Package" is much more. A final circle is coming to a close, and the giant inflated construction is a part of that. "In the past 50 years, we've realized 22 projects and failed to get permission for 37 more." Early on, the artist team was stacking oil drums on a street in Paris "and in a gallery on the Buttermarkt alley in Cologne," as Christo effortlessly recalls. They packed together objects, and the objects kept getting bigger -- so big that the artists would be perceived as only "packaging artists." They even built an air package for the German modern and contemporary art exhibition Documenta in 1968.
Just as Christo's time to finish his work is disappearing, so too, he says, is the world around us. "This is how the world is, this is how humans are," he says. "Everything that exists must disappear. Now, our art is something that basically cannot be owned, cannot be purchased, cannot be kept. It is ephemeral, and therefore it is free -- and it is beautiful."
Is that all it is, just beauty? Christo furrows his brow, as if not understanding the question. No, nothing more. What should it be? Then he smiles indulgently and says with a shrug: "Now it is there. Soon it will be gone." And that's all.
"Big Air Package" will be at the Gasometer in Oberhausen, Germany, from March 16 to Dec. 30, 2013. For more information, visit the Gasometer's website.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered his military to visibly declare ownership of a large area in the Philippine Sea where China's survey ships were spotted last year – but to do it in a way that would not anger or cause confrontation with Beijing.
“My order to my military, you go there and tell them straight that this is ours, but I say it in friendship,” Duterte said during a press conference on Monday when asked about the Chinese vessels spotted at the Benham Rise off the Philippine north east coast.
Read more
His country has no option but to be diplomatic because “I cannot match the might of China,” the Philippine president explained according to AP.
Earlier, Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana said that suspicious movements of Chinese ships was spotted in the Benham Rise between July and December 2016. Benham Rise, which Manila says is rich in biodiversity and fish stocks, was declared part of the Philippines' continental shelf by the UN in 2012.
The Defense Secretary said that President Duterte ordered to increase naval patrols in that area and put up unspecified structures in the sea to make it clear “that says this is ours.”
“We are concerned, they have no business going there,” Lorenzana said on Sunday as cited by Reuters.
The official pointed out that the Chinese vessels were not just passing through but stopped for long periods on several occasions, raising suspicion that they might be carrying out some kind of surveys.
READ MORE: 'Dock here anytime': Duterte visits Russian destroyer, wants Moscow to be allied & protector
The Philippines Embassy in Beijing has filed a diplomatic protest over the issue, with the Chinese Foreign Ministry replying on Friday that the vessels were acting in line “normal freedom of navigation and right of innocent passage.”
READ MORE: Japan sending the largest warship for biggest show of force since WWII in S. China Sea – report
The dispute may disturb the thaw in relations between Manila and Beijing, which began after Duterte became president last June. Duterte opted to seek business cooperation with China instead of continuing a separate territorial feud west of the Philippines in the South China Sea, through which $5 trillion of goods are shipped annually.
“Let us not fight about ownership or sovereignty at this time, because things are going great for my country,” the president reiterated on Monday. “America wants to pick a fight there… Why would I get into trouble in that area?”
Claus Andersen/Getty Images
For much of the year, the race for last overall and the best odds of landing the 2015 first overall pick has been a two-team affair. The Edmonton Oilers got off to a wretched start that gave them an early lead, and then the Buffalo Sabres went 14 straight without a point to make themselves the favourites.
If there's a third team in the mix, it is the Arizona Coyotes. They've been near the bottom of the league for most of the year, and while they've been bad, the potential is there for them to get much worse.
Christian Petersen/Getty Images
The biggest move, trading Devan Dubnyk out of town, has already been made. The Coyotes were a lovely 9-5-2 with him in the crease and a wretched 11-26-5 without him. With Dubnyk bound for free agency this summer, Mike Smith signed long term at big money, and the season already sunk by the time the former had wrested the starting job away from the latter, dealing him away was a logical move.
The question of course is whether the trade came too late; if we extrapolate Arizona's non-Dubnyk record the team would be neck-and-neck with Buffalo rather than in front by a significant margin.
More is to come, though.
Christian Petersen/Getty Images
Antoine Vermette, who leads all Coyotes forwards in both points and ice time, is a pending free agent and a prime candidate for a trade in the next few weeks. In an interview last week with TSN's Darren Dreger, Vermette seemed resigned to a trade, even admitting that he was excited about the opportunity. Dreger described interest in the pivot as “strong and varied” and named six teams believed to be in pursuit of the veteran pivot.
Normally, No. 2 centre Martin Hanzal would help ease the pain, but news came last week that he would have surgery to correct a nagging problem with his back. Arizona general manager Don Maloney told Dave Vest of the team website that he likely would be out for the year.
Christian Petersen/Getty Images
“Marty is going to have a procedure on his back next week, which will put him week-to-week and in all likelihood finish his season,” Maloney told Vest. “The good thing is he'll have time to recover and we'll get him back as soon as possible. The likelihood of him returning this season is remote but we do anticipate a full recovery.”
The Coyotes could lose plenty of other players along the way, too. Keith Yandle, who has a year and a bit left on his contract, has been discussed or rumoured as a possibility all year; dealing him now would allow Arizona to avoid the depreciation that comes with trading a player only one year away from free agency.
Most of those linked reports also include the name of pending free agent Zbynek Michalek as a cheaper alternative for a team looking for a depth defender. If both players are moved, that would eliminate half of the Coyotes' top two pairings and leave Michael Stone as the club's de facto No. 2 rearguard.
Andre Ringuette/Getty Images
Add in a couple of support players bound for free agency—top-six winger Martin Erat, energetic B.J. Crombeen—to the trade mix, and Maloney could end up totally decimating a team that really wasn't all that good to begin with. The Coyotes have dropped four straight; it doesn't take much imagination to know what removing some of the club's most useful players will do.
The question is whether that would be enough to get Arizona into the mix for 30th overall. As of this writing, the bottom end of the NHL standings looked like this:
27. Carolina Hurricanes: 56 games, 47 points
28. Arizona Coyotes: 58 games, 47 points
29. Edmonton Oilers: 58 games, 42 points
30. Buffalo Sabres: 57 games, 36 points
With the Oilers playing better of late, the five-point gap between Arizona and Edmonton likely isn't insurmountable; it's the difference between two wins plus an overtime loss and three losses. With 25 games left on the schedule, it should be attainable, particularly since the Coyotes already have an inferior goal differential to the Oilers.
Eliot J. Schechter/Getty Images
Buffalo is a tougher opponent to match. The Sabres have won just three games in the last two months (3-21-2 over that span) and, like the Coyotes, have a long list of free agents that they can dump for draft picks prior to the trade deadline. With 11 points already separating the two clubs and only 20-odd games left to go in the season, Arizona would need the NHL's worst team to catch some unexpected wind in its sails.
In other words, any Arizona plan to land Connor McDavid is probably going to involve finishing 29th and getting some help from the lottery balls.
Statistics courtesy of NHL.com, salary information via NHLNumbers.com.
Jonathan Willis covers the NHL for Bleacher Report. Follow him on Twitter for more of his work.
Vice President Joe Biden is feeling frustrated with the pressure to make up his mind on a presidential run, people who've talked with him say, and Wednesday, Democratic officials got to hear just how torn he is.
The conference call was supposed to be about Iran — and took the place of an appearance at the Democratic National Committee's summer meeting alongside all the declared candidates, as he was invited to do — but the first question he was asked was what the deal was with him.
Story Continued Below
He didn't know, he said.
“I have to be able to commit to all of you that I would be able to give it my whole heart and my whole soul, and right now, both are pretty well banged up,” Biden said, according to several people on the call.
“He sounded like he was a man in the midst of a big decision,” said a person on the call.
Biden said he needed to figure out whether he had the “emotional fuel” to go forward, the person said.
Meanwhile, Hillary Clinton was in Iowa, pouring on her own fuel.
“I cannot even imagine the grief and the heartbreak,” she said.
“Vice President Biden is a friend of mine — he and I were colleagues in the Senate, I worked with him as first lady, I worked with him in President Obama's first term, and I have a great deal of admiration and respect for him,” she said. “I think he has to make what is a very difficult decision for himself and his family, and he should have the space and opportunity to decide what he wants to do.”
She said it all standing with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, the state's former governor, whose endorsement her campaign just happened to roll out this week. He could have come out for her at any point — the Iowa caucuses aren't for months, and there aren't any pressing agriculture issues that Clinton's suddenly put out a white paper on.
But he just happens to be one of the longest-serving members of Obama's Cabinet, spending the last seven years working with Biden, and now he's the first member of the administration to make a 2016 endorsement, right in the midst of the biggest Biden flare-up yet.
Or in other words: Yep. This is how it's going to be. Come on in if you want.
Everything about the Biden presidential exploration has been improvisational, and Tuesday's conference call was no exception, scheduled for right when many of the invited Democratic National Committee members were getting on and off planes to get to their summer meeting in Minneapolis. About 80 were on the phone, but from officers down to state chairs to the rank-and-file members, many of them missed it. Technical problems kept others off, the conference call line repeatedly hanging up on them.
A bunch who could have made it decided not to call in at all — they didn't feel they needed to hear anything more about the nuclear deal. Biden did spend the first hour of the call talking about the agreement; one person listening described it as the vice president “eloquently and thoroughly” going through the details, setting up the arguments against it and knocking it down.
But what they all wanted to know was would he get in. “All ships rise with the tide, that's what we say here in Rhode Island,” said state Democratic chairman Joe McNamara, who missed the call because he was in transit but said many Democrats will be excited and more of them will be interested if Biden jumps in.
Meanwhile, White House press secretary Josh Earnest was pushed yet again on where the White House stands: Earnest repeated that the president would make an endorsement at some point — leaving open whether that was a promise or a threat.
Asked whether Obama prefers Clinton over Biden, Earnest said only, “the president has not delivered that message to me, so I can't account for all of the conversations the president has had at the White House.”
Then he went nice: Obama's pick of Biden as a running mate obviously reflected that Obama believes Biden has the “aptitude for the job of president of the United States.”
Biden hasn't left many people in the White House with the impression that he's actually going to go forward with a race. He has left them with the impression that he's struggling and being coy.
“Well, listen, if the vice president is winking and nodding,” Earnest said about the conference call, “it will be hard to tell because he'll be on the phone.”
Alice Germond, the former DNC secretary, dropped off the call before Biden answered the question about his presidential musings. She's headed to Minneapolis on Thursday. But Wednesday evening, she had to make sure to walk her dog before getting on a call that Clinton was doing.
“I had to work out my schedule around the vice president,” she said, “and the person who's going to be president.”
As Biden continues to figure out what to do, he's going to spend Thursday in Washington meeting with senior advisers, according to a schedule put out late Wednesday.
MADTOWN member Jota will be joining four other celebrities known for their physical strength in the upcoming season of MBC's “Real Men”!
On September 27, the show's producing director (PD) Kim Min Jong confirmed that they were starting filming on the new season of the show that day. The season also includes actors Shim Hyung Tak, Lee Shi Un, and Sung Hyuk, and comedian Yoon Hyung Bin. The theme for this season is “manly men.”
Jota is currently also appearing alongside his virtual wife Kim Jin Kyung on “We Got Married,” and became well recognized for his strength and athleticism after his many appearances on the sports variety show “Cool Kiz on the Block.”
The new season is expected to begin airing in mid-October. “Real Men” airs every Sunday on MBC at 6:45 p.m. KST.
Source (1)
The Leafs and the 2017 NHL Draft: Defensemen to watch Get to know the draft-eligible defensemen you should keep an eye on in the second half of the season.
It's no secret the Leafs' pool of prospects is decidedly thin on the backend.
Andrew Nielsen, a 2015 NHL Draft overaged third rounder, has turned into a real prospect. Travis Dermott, taken 34th overall, is off to a strong start in his professional career with the Marlies and remains a potential NHL option down the line. Marlies defenseman Rinat Valiev might become a candidate for an NHL job but he's turning 22 in May and hasn't yet separated himself as a lock. Others, including James Greenway, Stephen Desrocher, and Jesper Lindgren are long-shots while Viktor Loov, Nicolas Mattinen, and Keaton Middleton likely never make the jump.
As a result, this season, ahead of the 2017 NHL Draft, the most common question I've been asked is which draft-eligible defensemen the Leafs might be prudent to target.
And while the Leafs likely won't be in the sweepstakes for Timothy Liljegren, a projected top-5 pick in this year's draft, there are several intriguing options in this class.*
*A best-player-available approach is almost always the right route, regardless of position, but we'll play along for the sake of it.
Here are five top draft-eligible defensemen the Leafs may look to target with a first round pick and one option they should consider as a potential steal.
Nicolas Hague, Mississauga (OHL), 6'6, 215 Ibs — FC Rank: No. 9
There's little that makes NHL scouts, coaches, and executives drool more over a prospect than when he's big and he can play. I have often been vocal about my concerns with drafting for size, but Hague skates well enough that he puts most concerns at ease. Hague isn't an outstanding skater, but he's capable with the puck and an elite defender with a shot that will allow him to be a threat on at even-strength and with the man-advantage at the next level. He's on pace for 23 goals this season, six more than the OHL's highest scoring defensemen in 2015-2016 (Mikhail Sergachev).
If the Leafs miss the playoffs, Hague will likely be in their range.
Jusso Valimaki, Tri City (WHL), 6'2, 200 Ibs — FC Rank: No. 13
It's impossible to talk about the 2017 NHL Draft's top defensemen without mentioning Jusso Valimaki, who is undoubtedly one of the more exciting young D prospects on the planet. After leaving Finland for the WHL when he was taken 14th overall in the CHL Import Draft, Valimaki has played at a more than point per game pace as the league's highest scoring draft-eligible defensemen. Valimaki is the poised, calculated defender who picks his spots to jump up into the play that most teams are constantly in search of. With Tri City, he has played steady, big minutes on the second pairing away from New York Islanders prospect Parker Wotherspoon.
A better skater and carrier than Hague, Valimaki also has presence as a shooting option and scorer. If Finland's World Juniors performance hurt his perception (he had two goals in six games while playing with Red Wings third rounder Villi Saarijarvi), Valimaki could become a steal.
Miro Heiskanen, HIFK (Liiga), 6'0, 170 Ibs — FC Rank: No. 16
Last season, after being named the Rookie of the Year in Finland's top junior league, Heiskanen has taken on a regular role with one of Liiga's top teams — where Heiskanen plays the sixth most minutes on HIFK at 19:28 per game. He ranks first among all under-18 players and second among all under-19 defensemen in scoring in Liiga with seven points in 25 games. After spending most of the World Juniors on Finland's top pairing with Canucks first rounder Olli Juolevi, Heiskanen has been thrust into the spotlight.
He's not an imposing defender, and he's certainly not a physical one (and rarely takes penalties as a result), but Heiskanen makes effective stick-on-stick plays on the puck defensively and can transition the other way with high-end skating and mobility.
Cale Makar, Brooks (AJHL), 5'10, 180 Ibs — FC Rank: No. 18
Recency bias is certainly at play for Makar, the recent top defensemen at the World Junior A Challenge — and the AJHL isn't even the strongest of the sub-CHL junior leagues — but his resume speaks for itself.
The WJAC standout performance in December (where he posted eight points in four games) wasn't an anomaly for a player who was also the AJHL's top rookie and the RBC Cup's MVP and top scorer last year.
Despite lacking size, Makar is the best player in the AJHL this year and dictates games offensively and defensively. There are few defensemen in this class, or any class, who play with the same kind of pace. When Makar is on the ice, play moves faster.
Callan Foote, Kelowna (WHL), 6'4, 210 — FC Rank: No. 22
NHL bloodlines aside, Cal doesn't play the physical, overpowering game his father Adam did. Instead, he plays a cerebral, patient, calculated two-way game. With the puck, he's a smoothe-in-transition passer and excellent, elegant skater for his size. Without it, he uses an incredibly long stick to disrupt plays defensively and reach in on puck battles.
Don't let lazy Luke Schenn comparables fool you, Foote is a more gifted playmaker and skater, whose draft year production (0.77 points per game) far exceeds Schenn's in 2007-2008 (0.44 PPG).
Robin Salo, Sport (Liiga), 6'1, 190 Ibs — FC Rank: No. 32
Salo is one of the very few prospects in this draft class who I believe we have ranked too low at FC. The lone U19 defensemen in Liiga with more points than Heiskanen, Salo has 11 points in 35 games, including just one goal on 116 shots (0.9%) with Sport, while playing huge minutes (19:50). Salo should have made Finland's World Juniors team and should (in my opinion) be regarded as a top-20 prospect in this class.
If he falls because he missed out on the recency bias created by the World Juniors, you're looking at a prospect with top-4 upside and near-NHL readiness.
Other draft-eligible defensemen to keep an eye on: Urho Vaakanainen (FC: No. 27), Erik Brannstrom (No. 28), Henri Jokiharju (No. 40), Artyom Minulin (No. 54), Pierre-Olivier Joseph (No. 59)
Claudio Eva says ruling against him and five others for falsely reassuring statements over 2009 quake was 'eye for an eye'
An Italian physicist handed a six-year jail sentence for giving falsely reassuring statements over an earthquake has condemned as "medieval" the court that convicted him.
Claudio Eva, who was sentenced on Monday along with five other scientists and a government official over the earthquake in 2009 that killed more than 300 people and levelled the city of L'Aquila, said the verdict was an "eye for an eye".
The ruling by a court in the shattered city, which defied the commonly held view that earthquakes cannot be predicted, has prompted outrage from the world's scientific community.
"It was a very Italian and medieval decision," said Eva, 74, who added he had received messages of support from colleagues in the UK, elsewhere in Europe and the US. "The judge was local, the prosecutor was local and the public were local – which judge would not have been persuaded by the atmosphere?" he told the Guardian.
Fellow expert Enzo Boschi – also sentenced – who was head of Italy's national geology and volcanology institute in 2009, compared himself to Galileo, the Italian scientist who was tried by the Vatican in 1633 for claiming the Earth revolved around the sun.
On Tuesday, Luciano Maiani, head of the Italian commission that monitors seismic risk, resigned, saying: "I don't see the conditions are there for working serenely." His deputy also quit.
Stefano Gresta, the current head of the geology and volcanology institute, said: "From today on, it will be very difficult to appear in public to speak about seismic activity in Italy."
Eva said: "From what I hear, colleagues saying, no one wants to join commissions."
Alessandra Stefano, a lawyer representing Gian Michele Calvi, one of the experts convicted, said: "This verdict could lead to the continuous raising of alarms in Italy since there are so many seismic zones here."
Italy's environment minister, Corrado Clini, on Tuesday, said: "The risk is of confirming the principle that no doubt is permitted in any scientific evaluation."
The scientists sentenced – who represent the cream of Italy's earthquake experts – formed part of the seismic activity committee, known as the Major Risks Commission, in 2009. They were summoned six days before the 6 April quake by Italy's civil protection agency to consider a series of tremors in the L'Aquila area.
Prosecutors alleged they gave "incomplete, imprecise and contradictory" information on the dangers locals faced.
One of those convicted, the former deputy civil protection chief Bernardo De Bernardinis, who organised the meeting, told journalists scientists had told him "the situation was favourable".
He was also quoted as advising locals, before the meeting, to relax with a glass of good red wine. "That's just not true," he said on Tuesday. "A journalist asked me if he should have a glass of wine while awaiting the end of the meeting and I agreed."
Lawyers now await the judge's explanation of the sentencing – expected in 90 days – to find out if the group were convicted for actively playing down the risk that a quake was on the way.
The local official Stefania Pezzopane, who backed the verdict, claimed that the experts had been called in by the civil protection agency specifically to reassure people. Scientists, she said, "should be scientists and not buffoons".
"They reassured us and then we died in our homes," said a resident, Domenico Di Giamberardino.
But Eva insisted neither he nor his colleagues had given any reassurances in their brief, 40-minute meeting. "We always maintained it was not possible to predict or exclude an earthquake," he said.
With two appeals permitted under Italian law, the scientists will not be going to jail immediately, but Eva said his morale was devastated by the verdict. "I do not feel guilty from a scientific point of view," he said.
"In court the prosecutor referred to the failure in predicting hurricane Katrina, but it is a lot easier to predict a hurricane than an earthquake," he said.
L'Aquila, which still lies in ruins, was also damaged by earthquakes in 1349, 1461 and 1703. "An earthquake is like an assassin that returns to the scene of a crime after centuries," said Eva, "but you can never tell when."
Eric N. Shapiro | Jul 24, 2014 by:| Jul 24, 2014
One of the little-noticed gems from WWDC (Apple Worldwide Developers Conference) was a change in how iOS 8 interfaces with HTML5: Apple enabled its just-in-time (JIT) compiler for HTML5's JavaScript when that HTML5 is embedded inside a “hybrid” app. (Hybrid apps written in HTML5 are “wrapped” with a native wrapper, to make it appear like any other app on your iPhone or iPad. This is often done using Adobe's PhoneGap/Cordova technology.)
Previously, only HTML5 content that ran inside Safari could take advantage of the JIT, meaning that all hybrid apps ran more slowly. This wasn't mentioned in the keynote, and only a few bloggers picked up on it. But it's a big deal for an app development company like ArcTouch and for the enterprise. More on that in a minute, but first…
The Backstory
A couple of OS versions ago, Apple introduced a similar JIT for JavaScript that ran inside of Safari. It resulted in a tremendous speed improvement to HTML5 apps running in the browser — but it was not available to native iOS apps with embedded HTML5 content.
If you built an HTML5 web application, it might perform pretty nicely in Safari. But if you tried to embed it into an iOS app — either as part of a hybrid app or using PhoneGap — JavaScript was interpreted the old way, and performance would break down. With our own development, we've spent a lot of time optimizing HTML code so that it was functional in iOS, but it never performed up to its full potential.
Although Apple's non-JIT interpreter of JavaScript is one of the fastest in the industry, Android hybrid apps could actually outperform the same app on iOS, since the JIT was enabled even for these hybrid apps on Android.
Why this iOS8 Update REALLY Matters
This news was not particularly interesting to the majority of people who attend WWDC, which is largely aimed at developers who develop native apps for iOS. And that's probably why it didn't make it into Apple's keynote.
But for those of us making enterprise apps that need to support multiple platforms, this improvement means you can effectively write an app once, in HTML5, and use it for the Web, iOS, Android, or Windows Phone… and maintain performance parity across all those deployment targets. Now that both web apps and hybrid apps offer similar performance for HTML5 content, there's good reason to consider using this for cross-platform development, which can lead to time savings.
This efficiency is especially important when you consider the increasing pressure on businesses to support BYOD (bring-your-own-device) policies with employees. Individual workers demand to use the technology/platforms they are most comfortable with. Which means IT departments need to support an array of devices and provide productivity applications that work across all of them.
Related: 3 Hidden Gems Your
Enterprise Will Love About iOS 8
Nuance: JavaScript vs. CSS3
The JIT for iOS 8 only affects the performance of JavaScript, and has less bearing on HTML5 apps where CSS is doing the bulk of the heavy lifting using built-in transitions, transformations, and other animations. At ArcTouch, we do a lot of coding using Angular.js, which leverages CSS. The new JIT will still improve the performance of these type of apps, although not as dramatically as an app that does most of the work in Javascript instead of CSS.
Ultimately, these JIT changes make everything faster. And for app developers like us at ArcTouch, which already optimize apps to make them as fast as possible, they're going to get faster still.
Rohan Dennis (BMC) lived up to expectations and moved this iteration of the Hour Record to fresh territory when he established a new mark of 52.491 kilometres at the Velodrome Suisse in Grenchen on Sunday. Related Articles Wiggins will not underestimate Hour Record Challenge
Hour Record finale was journey into unknown for Dennis
Q & A: World Hour Record holder Rohan Dennis
Larsson tackling World Hour Record eight months after third spinal fracture
Turning a gear of 56x14, it was quickly apparent that, barring mishap, Dennis would comfortably overhaul Matthias Brändle's record of 51.85 kilometres established last Autumn. The Australian was decisively ahead of Brändle's pace within the first kilometre and he endured no scares over the course of the hour as he bettered his mark by over 600 metres.
"I'm pretty tired but really proud," said Dennis, who has begun the season on something of a high after winning the Tour Down Under last month. "BMC made it easy. The whole week leading into this since the Tour Down Under was really stress-less, it was perfect. It nearly felt too easy but of course it wasn't. It was just that they made it absolutely perfect."
The predicament Dennis faced in drawing up his pacing strategy beforehand was not a common one. Historically, riders have tackled the Hour Record by basing their schedule firmly on that of the holder, but with a spate of riders sets to take to the boards following the UCI's change in regulations last year, Dennis was looking to better Brändle's mark and tack on some significant change.
In essence, Dennis was not so much chasing Brändle's 'ghost' around the velodrome as trying to establish a mark that might prove beyond Bradley Wiggins when he takes to the boards this summer. That said, Dennis will have drawn lessons, too, from his compatriot Jack Bobridge's failed attempt last weekend, when he set off aiming to break 53 kilometres and ultimately fell short of Brändle's mark.
Dennis, however, looked very smooth indeed through the opening half of his effort. He set off to the strains of the Black Eyes Peas' "I Gotta Feeling" and there were early auguries that he was going to outstrip Brändle by some considerable distance.
After 20 minutes, he was on course for 52.6 kilometres and Dennis' pace rose to 52.7kph by the halfway mark. By the time he reached the 40-minute mark, Dennis has upped the ante once again and was now on track for 52.8 kilometres, and his effort appeared to be a masterpiece of pacing strategy.
For a dizzying few laps, it seemed as though Dennis might even edge closer to the 53-kilometre barrier but crossing the three-quarters mark of an Hour Record attempt has the feel of breaking the 20-mile wall in a marathon. The best laid of plans can come undone in a matter of laps and for the first time, Dennis showed some visible signs of strain as he came off the crown of the bends.
His pace dropped slightly but the Hour Record was never in doubt – nor indeed, was it ever in doubt that he would easily surpass the 52-kilometre mark. The only question was by how much.
"We had a couple of different options in terms of pacing and he was bang on. There was potential to go a little faster which he clearly did," Dennis' coach Neal Henderson said. "We had goal of 52.4kph and one a little bit higher than that. We're fantastically happy."
Dennis passed Brändle's 51.852 kilometres with almost a minute to spare and from there, it was simply a matter of how much he could add to the record. “There was a lot of pain. I couldn't really enjoy it too much to be honest," Dennis said of the moment he set the new mark. "I knew I needed to get 208 laps and once I went past it, I knew I had about two, two and a half laps still to go."
The clock hit sixty minutes just as Dennis was completing his 210th lap of the Siberian pine track and the official measurement for his new record is 52.491 kilometres.
In comparison to the "old" hour record – that is, the distances achieved on aerodynamic bars between 1972 and the 1990s that were expunged by the UCI at the turn of the century – Dennis overhauled the mark of 52.270 kilometres established by Chris Boardman in Bordeaux in 1993.
That record came during a period of remarkable competition for the Hour Record, when Boardman, Graeme Obree, Miguel Indurain and Tony Rominger all set new marks in the space of 15 months in 1993 and 1994.
2015 promises a similar spate of Hour Record activity, with Bradley Wiggins ready to try in June, and with Tony Martin also considering a tilt in the not so distant future. Only time will tell if Dennis' record endures but his place in the history books is assured.
"It's a great event and hopefully that record stands for a little while," he said.
Let's imagine that you have the collection of objects to be sorted and form a graph from them with one node per object. You're then given a list of pairs indicating how the comparisons go. You can think of these as edges in the graph: if you know that object x compares less than object y, then you can draw an edge from x to y.
Assuming that the results of the comparisons are consistent - that is, you don't have any cycles - you should have a directed acyclic graph.
Think about what happens if you topologically sort this DAG. What you'll end up with is one possible ordering of the values that's consistent with all of the constraints. The reason for this is that in a topological ordering, you won't place an element x before an element y if there is any transitive series of edges leading from y to x, and there's a transitive series of edges leading from y to x if there's a chain of comparisons that transitively indicates that y precedes x.
You can actually make a stronger claim: the set of all topological orderings of the DAG is exactly the set of all possible orderings that satisfy all the constraints. We've already argued that every topological ordering satisfies all the constraints, so all we need to do now is argue that every sequence satisfying all the constraints is a valid topological ordering. The argument here is essentially that if you obey all the constraints, you never place any element in the sequence before something that it transitively compares less than, so you never place any element in the sequence before something that has a path to it.
This then gives us a nice way to solve the problem: take the graph formed this way and see if it has exactly one topological ordering. If so, then that ordering is the unique sorted order. If not, then there are two or more orderings.
So how best to go about this? Well, one of the standard algorithms for doing a topological sort is to annotate each node with its indegree, then repeatedly pull off a node of indegree zero and adjust the indegrees of its successors. The DAG has exactly one topological ordering if in the course of performing this algorithm, at every stage there is exactly one node of indegree zero, since in that case the topological ordering is forced.
With the right setup and data structures, you can implement this to run in time O(n + m), where n is the number of nodes and m is the number of constraints. I'll leave those details as a proverbial exercise to the reader. :-)
A Hoover lawyer says he and six others have filed an ethics complaint with the Alabama State Bar seeking an investigation of whether Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange stalled an investigation into Gov. Robert Bentley to get an appointment by the governor to a vacant U.S. Senate seat.
Sam McLure, an adoption lawyer who writes columns for the Alabama Political Reporter website, said he filed the complaint Thursday. The complaint asks that the Alabama Bar investigate the claims.
"It appears that Sen. Luther Strange has egregiously violated his duty to his client, the State of Alabama, by accepting Governor Robert Bentley's appointment to U.S. Senate after stalling the Legislature's impeachment investigation into Governor Robert Bentley and halting his own investigation in to Governor Robert Bentley," the complaint provided by McLure states.
An Alabama Bar spokeswoman said this morning that rules prevent them from commenting on whether a complaint has, or has not, been filed. A spokeswoman for Strange also has not responded to a request, made Thursday afternoon, for comment.
Strange was appointed to fill the vacant U.S. Senate seat of Jeff Sessions, who was appointed U.S. Attorney General in the Trump Administration.
Luther Strange to replace Jeff Sessions in U.S. Senate Gov. Robert Bentley named Alabama's attorney general to the post after Sessions' confirmation.
The appointment came four months after Strange asked the Alabama House Judiciary Committee to suspend an investigation into impeachment articles against Bentley because his office was conducting a related investigation.
"I respectfully request that the Committee cease active interviews and investigation until I am able to report to you that the necessary related work of my office has been completed," Strange wrote in a Nov. 3 letter to Judiciary Committee Chairman Mike Jones, who agreed to suspend the proceedings.
Luther Strange
Strange, however, never confirmed that an investigation of Bentley was underway in his office, but new Attorney General Steve Marshall revealed it existed when he took office. Marshall turned the investigation over to a special prosecutor.
The impeachment investigation was related to allegations that Bentley had an affair with former political adviser Rebekah Mason and whether state resources were used to facilitate the relationship.
Ethics Commission finds probable cause against Gov. Robert Bentley The commission heard testimony this morning on ethics complaints filed against the governor.
The Alabama Ethics Commission on Wednesday found probable cause that Bentley violated the state ethics law and the campaign finance law. The commission is turning their findings over to the Montgomery County District Attorney's Office, which could seek possible criminal charges against Bentley.
Bentley and Mason have denied having an affair and the governor has denied doing breaking any laws or doing anything to warrant impeachment.
McLlure said he had sought out five people to join him in filing the bar complaint in one of his columns for the Alabama Political Reporter. That column ran March 28.
"There it is ... if your bologna meter peaked out when Luther Strange was appointed to the U.S. Senate you are not alone. If you think there is a sufficient likelihood of impropriety that you would like a public hearing to determine if there is clear and convincing evidence of Sen. Strange's alleged ethical violations, then contact me," McLure wrote. "I'm applying the Rule of Six in this case. If five other Alabama citizens will join with me in a Disciplinary Complaint to the Alabama State Bar, then we'll file it together."
McLure said of the six residents who joined him in filing the complaint "are just concerned Alabama citizens like me."
MAJDAL SHAMS, Israel — When an ambulance rolled through Druze villages near the Israeli-Syrian border last month, it was met by an angry mob of stone-throwing protesters shouting that they'd been betrayed by Israel. Surrounding the emergency vehicle, they said Israel's government is giving medical treatment to Islamist fighters who are now threatening to kill their Druze brethren in Syria. The mob opened the doors of the ambulance and dragged out the two patients inside, killing one of them.
Druze community leaders deeper inside Israel condemned the episodes as vigilantism, but in the Golan Heights, many Druzes fear an imminent attack against their kin in Syria at the hands of the Nusra Front—an al Qaeda offshoot—which is believed to be leading a wider offensive to capture the traditionally pro-regime southern province.
The Druze are members of an esoteric and secretive sect rooted in Shia Islam, and are seen by ISIS and other Sunni radicals as heretical. They are a minority of just over 1 million in Syria, Jordan, Lebanon, and Israel. Except in the Golan Heights, where most have refused Israeli citizenship, the Druze men in Israel have served in large numbers in the Israeli army, most famously in elite combat and reconnaissance units along Israel's borders.
While there is no evidence the Israeli government or its intelligence services are in direct contact with Nusra, for the Druze the distinctions among the Syrian opposition factions make little difference. The Druze on the far side of the border traditionally have supported the Assad regime, which now appears to have forsaken them. The motley rebel forces, which may well include Nusra, are closing in.
Since the Syrian civil war erupted more than four years ago, Israel has officially declared its policy to be non-intervention. But, reports by the United Nations buffer force on the Golan Heights, known as UNDOF, show that Israel has consistently maintained lines of communication with the Syrian opposition.
The UN has observed multiple incidents since early 2013, in which “armed individuals crossed the ceasefire line, approached the technical fence and at times interacted with IDF [members of the Israel Defense Forces] across the ceasefire line in the vicinity of United Nations observation. In some instances, wounded individuals were handed over from the Bravo [Syrian] side to the Alpha [Israeli] side,” according to a report issued in March by the UN peacekeepers on the scene.
There is also documentation of what may be weapons transfers between the IDF and members of the Syrian opposition. One report provided details of the evening of January 20, 2015, in which “UNDOF observed two trucks crossing from the Bravo [Syrian] side to the Alpha [Israeli] side, where they were received by IDF personnel. The trucks were loaded with sacks before returning to the Bravo [Syrian] side.” On another occasion trucks with anti-aircraft guns parked near the fence on the Syrian side, but the terrain blocked the view of UNDOF observers so they could not determine the extent of “interaction between individuals on each side of the line.”
These may be prudent contacts to keep Israeli intelligence services informed about what is going on in the horrendous war next door. But the Druze in these parts think there is more to them than that, and they do not believe these secretive contacts are meant to help their brethren across the line.
Israel maintains that it has dealt only with the Free Syrian Army, which has Western backing but has struggled to take the kind of military initiative seen by Nusra or, worse still, by the so-called Islamic State. Members of the multitude of Syrian rebel factions often move from one group to another and have shifting loyalties. (Imagine a jigsaw puzzle with pieces that sometimes allied and joined together—and sometimes attacked and destroyed each other. Now look at it through a kaleidoscope. That's the Syrian opposition.) As a result many analysts doubt the Israeli government's claim that it is steering clear of Nusra. Even if that's its intention, the lines are terribly hard to draw.
The Israeli media regularly refer to the rebel groups' constant contact with the IDF. Israeli journalist Ehud Yaari writes of “frequent secret meetings reportedly held in Tiberias,” but “only a modest amount of weapons has been provided to them, mainly rocket-propelled grenade launchers.”
While the IDF originally claimed to aid only unarmed opposition members, that claim is now ludicrous. “Today in Syria no man who respects himself would be unarmed,” Major Haim Mizrahi, a commander of the Golani reconnaissance unit, told Israel's Channel 2 last month, as he drove to the border in the dead of night to facilitate the transfer of wounded Syrians to Israeli hospitals.
All this background has made the reported medical treatment of more than 1,600 Syrians in Israel an extremely sensitive issue among the Druze minority community, many of whom work as doctors at northern Israeli hospitals.
While the IDF originally promoted the humanitarian aspects of such treatment and allowed press to interview Syrian children given life-saving care at Israeli hospitals, army officials have gradually revealed that fighters are being healed along with the women and children.
Ayoub Kara, a Druze Knesset member with the right-wing Likud party, says that Israeli links to the Syrian opposition give it leverage on the rebels and that may be Israel's best means of protecting the Syrian Druze just over the border. Kara, the highest-ranking Druze in the Israeli government, has discussed the situation extensively with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who recently announced for the first time in more than four years of Syrian war that he will “do what is necessary” both to protect the Druze in Syria and to keep Islamist radicals like the Nusra Front and ISIS away from Israel's border.
In a very nuanced and very gray set of relationships, Israel's intercourse with the rebels is possible in part because the southern Nusra Front is known to be more moderate than the northern branch, says Daniel Nisman, president of the Levantine Group, a geopolitical risk consultancy in Tel Aviv.
“This is an ongoing relationship with locals who Israel was probably working with before, people who just joined the rebels because that's where the money is, unlike ISIS that moved into the area from outside,” he says.
But for the Druze in Israel, whatever plan there is for protecting their brethren is not taking shape nearly quickly enough. They have grown increasingly anxious over the past three months as the Assad regime supported by many Syrian Druzes has suffered a string of defeats and has increasingly withdrawn from the south to replenish its forces in other parts of the country.
Families at a lookout point gaze through binoculars to examine the nearby village of Hader, which has been surrounded almost completely by rebel forces since last month. According to some accounts, more than 100 men have already died in the clashes with the rebels.
Druze community leaders here say that they have sent more than 10 million shekels ($2.6 million) to their families, via Jordan, so that they can buy weapons off the flourishing arms trade route there.
Hader, once a serene agricultural town of about 12,000 inhabitants, and historically allied with Bashar al-Assad, is also strategically critical, say security analysts. Its capture would enable the opposition to build a continuous supply route between southern Syria and the decisive northwestern Qalamoun region near Damascus.
Here, tit-for-tat shelling and gunfire has been continuous over the past weeks, with the rebels on one hilltop and the residual regime forces on another, a Druze IDF officer tells the crowd. Last month, Israeli tanks began to position themselves near the border, prepared to intervene if the need arises.
Naim, a resident of Majdal Shams who asks that his full name not be used out of concern for his relatives in Syria, says he has faith that his brothers will be victorious in their anticipated battle against the rebels. He says that his cousin has joined thousands of other men from the village in intense training and is now prepared to fight. Naim's cellphone buzzes with a text from his cousin: “The Nusra Front is getting closer.” He then hears a resounding boom and sees a plume of gray smoke rise just a few miles north of the village.
Hader's immediate enemy is the Nusra Front, although the Druze say that a number of Syrian militant groups pose a threat to their people.
The community throughout the region was shaken to the core in June when 20 Druze villagers were massacred far from Israel in the northern Syrian province of Idlib at the hands of the Nusra Front. And while the Nusra Front said the incident was the fault of rogue members who would be tried in sharia court, many residents in places like Hader and Sweida saw it as confirmation that the Assad regime is deserting them and leaving them to be slaughtered.
Druze in the Golan have taken to the streets to call for protection by both Israel and the international community against what they worry could translate into genocide for their minority group.
Israel is a “humanitarian” country, says Druze IDF Brigadier General Maada Hasbani, but it also has a longstanding “blood pact” with its 120,000-strong Druze minority. If Israel truly wants to help the Druze to protect themselves, he says, it will need to help restock their dwindling weapon supply.
“Israel knows what is a Holocaust and we trust that it will, in the moment of truth, make the right decisions in order to protect the Druze of Syria from this real risk of annihilation,” he says.
Because many have been trained in Assad's army, the Druze in the southern Quneitra province near Israel are prepared to defend themselves, explains Majdal Shams Mayor Doulan Abu Saleh.
“The Druze in the Golan have begun to understand that there is life after Assad, that it's only a matter of time,” he says. “We, the Druze with Israel's help, must begin to look toward the future situation. There is no one else to do this for us.”
The Witch Directed by Robert Eggers
Courtesy of TIFF
Published Feb 19, 2016
8
Tellingly subtitled "A New England Folktale," this graceful, hauntingly stylish psychological thriller is thoroughly permeated with the fervid religious paranoia animating and agitating 17th-century colonialists unable to intellectually reconcile their religious beliefs with the chilling impotence of man against the merciless, unfathomable puissance of Mother Nature.Exiled from a plantation village, a man, his wife and their five children set up a homestead of their own in complete isolation. The situation is far from idyllic in the best of circumstances, but when a tragedy befalls the family, the ominous woods surrounding them take on a more sinister cast, suggesting to minds made malleable by myth-taken-as-fact that a malicious supernatural force may be to blame.Taking cues from the insidious creeping tension of thoughtful horror like Polanski's Rosemary's Baby, Eggers does a tremendous job of making the commonplace feel otherworldly and menacing, effectively portraying the inner mindset of a people convinced that the devil is always lurking, seeking any opening in which to infect the innocent. The young director also very effectively sets up dual readings of the film with a strong subtext that isn't subtle but is easy to ignore for viewers that would prefer to interpret the events as purely supernatural.To simply experience the visceral thrills and masterfully wrought tension of The Witch would be a disservice to how well Eggers plays with the symbolic psychological shields these characters used to deflect blame for pretty much everything, especially the sort of discomfiting urges that would arise with isolated children approaching maturity; it's certainly not incidental to the film's intent that Thomasin (Anya Taylor-Joy), the story's protagonist, is on the cusp of womanhood.Equally effective as high-brow horror and as a thoughtful look at how religion demonizes sexuality (especially of the female sort), The Witch is an assured debut from a promising talent that will leave an imprint of terror on your psyche in the shape of a wet goat nose.
This article is from the archive of our partner .
In the continuing saga over Newsweek's "Crazy Eyes" cover photo of Michele Bachmann, the magazine is defending its photographer, Chris Buck, against anonymous claims made by a "source" to NBC News that the photographer meddled with the shoot to get the candidate's startled expression. NBC's Jamie Novogrod reported that her source said the photo "came from a lighting test conducted during the photo shoot."
But Newsweek spokesman Andrew Kirk denied that claim, saying Bachmann wasn't even in the frame when photographer Buck prepared lighting for the shoot. "The photo assistant did the light test," Kirk told The Atlantic Wire. Also the frame that appeared on the cover also was not from the beginning of the shoot. As Newsweek tweeted, "Image used on cover was #27 of 33 frames, not a lighting test."
Officially, of course, the Bachmann campaign does not want to appear worked up about the Newsweek cover. When asked about the controversial image in Iowa on Monday just hours after its release, Bachmann said only, "Well, we'll have to take a look at that." And Novogorod's piece reported, "The Michele Bachmann campaign tells NBC News that the candidate is not interested in getting into a conversation over the controversial Newsweek cover photo of its candidate." Novogorod's "source" also said the photo was not among the photos it had said it preferred. But, like most magazines, Newsweek does not offer subjects photo approval.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
President Barack Obama on Thursday designated three new national monuments honoring civil rights history in an effort to “ensure that more of country's history will be preserved and celebrated.”
The Birmingham Civil Rights National Monument will protect important landmarks from the civil rights movement, including the A.G. Gaston Motel, an “epicenter of Birmingham's civil rights protests and demonstrations.” It also safeguards the 16th Street Baptist Church, which the Ku Klux Klan bombed in 1963 during the height of desegregation. The Freedom Riders National Monument will honor the 1961 rides through the Deep South with the protection of a Greyhound station in Anniston, Alabama, where a bus was firebombed.
“These monuments preserve the vibrant history of the Reconstruction Era and its role in redefining freedom,” the president said in a statement. “They tell the important stories of the citizens who helped launch the civil rights movement in Birmingham and the Freedom Riders whose bravery raised national awareness of segregation and violence. These stories are part of our shared history.”
Another, called the Reconstruction Era National Monument in Beaufort, South Carolina will protect areas near the first site where “formerly enslaved people could begin integrating themselves into free society,” the White House said.
All three sites will be protected under the Antiquities Act of 1906.
Obama has frequently turned to the act to solidify his conservation legacy. Just last month, he set aside 1.35 million acres of federal land, including areas important to Native American communities, in Utah and Nevada. The president has protected more public land and water than any of his predecessors.
I am working on a documentary about thorium, an element that can be converted into energy in a Liquid Fluoride Thorium Reactor (LFTR). This is a clean, reliable, source of energy that doesn't require large amounts of land to deploy.
I personally feel we will have a much better chance of addressing global warming the sooner this technology is commercialized. And I do worry about global warming.
The working title of this documentary is "THORIUM REMIX 2012". It is a follow-up to THORIUM REMIX 2011, which is available for free on YouTube, and also downloadable in a variety of formats.
So far, TR2012 is going great, if not as quickly as I'd like. We've got lots of new footage since TR2011, and the improvement will be significant. You can see, just with lecture-footage I've got a great deal more flexibility...
Right now I'm the bottleneck as I work through footage, but I've got a fast PC, decent software, and contact with many wonderful volunteers who contacted me though my previous thorium Kickstarter campaign. These volunteers have helped videotape events I could not otherwise afford to cover myself.
And of course we have lots of non-lecture footage, little of which has yet been posted to YouTube. In TR2011, Kirk traveled to Calgary. For TR2012 I visited Kirk in Huntsville...
...we were toured through ORNL and saw the Molten Salt Reactor Experiment. We spoke to MSRE technicians. It was a world of difference, and TR2012 will not be shackled by limited footage the way TR2011 was.
But, there is one major event that been announced since I began work on TR2012... International Thorium Energy Organization is holding a thorium conference ThEC12 in Shanghai.
While I think it would cost me more than $2,000 to videotape in China myself (or arrange decent coverage), I can make up any difference with previous money from backers that I've been hanging on to for TR2012 post-production.
If you attended TEAC4 you probably got a sense of how extra manpower can help. It allows experimentation such as chroma-key and extra angles. It allows simultaneous interview and lecture coverage. It lets me double-check tripod camera framing while someone else is ensuring a hand-held camera is being operated. It allows me to go to the bathroom.
$2,000 worth of coverage is probably me, and a bunch of cameras. One will be perpetually hand-held, everything else on tripods.
I'm hoping this campaign can help with the volunteer aspect... videographers who speak Shanghaines / Mandarin (... / Chinese?). TEAC4 coverage was such as success because of volunteers I'd found through Kickstarter as much as it was money. A successful Kickstarter campaign may help facilitate both once again.
If you think ThEC12 coverage is worth pursuing for TR2012's sake, or you'd like to use the footage yourself ASAP after the event (maybe for your own documentary) then please help out. If you have particular needs... release forms, etc, let me know what those might be before this campaign wraps up.
Now what I am NOT promising with this campaign is to post lecture videos online in the same high-quality and timely manner as TEAC4 videos are being posted. I was responsible for TEAC4 video coverage (allowing me free access to the event). I'm NOT looking to be the single guy responsible for ThEC12 coverage because my highest priority is now TR2012. I will gladly help others cover it, and share footage with anyone willing to share back. But I can't return home only to spend the next month editing lecture videos.
So I'll cover TR2012 to the best of my abilities, and share a copy of all the raw footage with $500 backers (or footage sharers). For sure this will be TBs of data. It will be shipped on a 3.5" naked hard drive.
China is a key player as the thorium story unfolds. The footage may turn out to be critically important.
It has been my repeated experience that conference events do not (themselves) capture footage in a manner suited to my documentary making. If we want any ThEC12 in TR2012, we'll need decent coverage. I've launched this campaign so we can secure that coverage without depleting post-production funds.
Thanks for your support, -Gord
Jason Datsun suggested an infographic might help...
South Carolina, USA
Features:
Accurate rendition of KCUB – Jim Hamilton-L.B. Owens Airport
Custom models for all airport buildings
Hand places buildings in the vicinity of the airport
Dynamic reflections
Custom high resolution ground textures
HDR night lighting
Animated vehicles (GroundTraffic)
Randomly placed static aircraft, can be easily toggled off in the X-Plane settings
High resolution photo scenery (30cm/px)
Installation:
Unpack the .zip file you downloaded. Make sure to select “extract here” instead of extracting to a separate folder
Copy the “KCUB - Jim Hamilton-L.B. Owens Airport” folder into „X-Plane 10/Custom Scenery” or “X-Plane 11/Custom Scenery”.
Download and install MisterX Library. You can skip this step if you already have MisterX Library 1.5 or higher installed (see link below)
Scenery Load Order:
It is important that X-Plane loads your custom sceneries in the correct order, or else this scenery might look faulty or is missing entirely.
Inside your “Custom Scenery” folder, you will find a file called “scenery_packs.ini”, which defines the order in which your sceneries are loaded. You can open this file with any text editor. If you run X-Plane at least once after installing this scenery, you will find an entry for it in this file. This entry MUST always be above any meshes, photoscenery, or other airports in the same area (most importantly, the default “Global Airports”).
Requirements:
X-Plane 11 is required for this scenery package to run properly. No support will be offered for older versions of X-Plane.
MisterX Library version 1.5 or higher is required.
If you do not already have the libraries used in this package, you may find download links in the Master Library List.
Known issues:
From some angles, you can see a small seam on the ground. This is caused by the fact that KCUB lies on the intersection of two scenery tiles. Unfortunately, there is nothing I can do to prevent this.
Credits:
Thanks to Jonathan Harris for his fantastic GroundTraffic plugin
Thanks to Stevae Wei for providing reference photos for this scenery
License:
This scenery is for personal, non-commercial use only. You are not allowed to redistribute any part of this package without permission.
Orthoimagery used in the scenery was sourced from the USGS.
USGS-authored or produced data and information are considered to be in the U.S. public domain.
Credit: U.S. Geological Survey
Department of the Interior/USGS
U.S. Geological Survey
http://www.usgs.gov/laws/info_policies.html
Other sceneries:
Follow my latest projects and see an overview of all my released airports on this page!
http://forums.x-plane.org/index.php?/misterx6/
If you want to support my work, take a look at my first payware scenery, Salt Lake City International:
http://store.x-plane.org/KSLC--Salt-Lake-City-International_p_596.html
Since retiring as a player, Morris has worked as a broadcast color analyst for the Blue Jays, Twins, and Tigers. He has also been an analyst for MLB broadcasts on Fox Sports 1 . Morris was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2018.
Amateur career Edit
Morris attended Highland Park High School in Saint Paul, Minnesota, graduating in 1973.[5] He then attended Brigham Young University (BYU), and played college baseball for the BYU Cougars.[6]
Detroit Tigers Edit
The Detroit Tigers selected Morris in the fifth round of the 1976 MLB draft.[7] He was first called up to the Detroit Tigers in 1977 after Mark Fidrych was placed on the disabled list with an injury. Morris broke into the Tigers' starting rotation in 1979, posting a 17–7 record and a 3.29 ERA and establishing himself as the ace of the Detroit staff. Morris, along with catcher Lance Parrish, shortstop Alan Trammell, second baseman Lou Whitaker, outfielder Kirk Gibson, and manager Sparky Anderson, played a notable role in turning the Tigers into a contending team for most of the 1980s. In 1980, Morris learned to throw the split-finger fastball from newly hired pitching coach Roger Craig, and it became an effective pitch for the rest of Morris' career. He led the major leagues with 14 wins in the strike-shortened 1981 season.
Despite playing for the notorious "Captain Hook" (Anderson),[8] so named because of his tendency to pull his starters at the first sign of weakness, Morris was known for finishing what he started. He racked up 175 complete games in his career (154 with Detroit). In 10 of his 12 full seasons as a Tiger, he compiled double-digit complete game totals. In 1983 alone, Jack completed 20 of his 37 starts. That year, he led the league in innings pitched (293.2), batters faced (1204) and strikeouts (232), while posting his first 20-win season.[9]
On April 7, 1984 (on NBC's nationally televised Game of the Week), Morris no-hit the Chicago White Sox at Comiskey Park,[10] beginning what would be an excellent season for both him and the Tigers. The no-hitter was the first by a Tiger since Jim Bunning in 1958. By the end of the 1984 campaign, he had notched 19 wins and a 3.60 ERA, leading Detroit into the postseason. He scored a win over the Kansas City Royals in the ALCS, and added two more complete-game victories in the World Series against the San Diego Padres as the Tigers concluded their wire-to-wire 1984 campaign with the World Championship. While teammate Alan Trammell was named the World Series MVP, Jack was given the Babe Ruth Award for most outstanding performance in the 1984 postseason.
In 1986, Morris racked up 21 wins, and had a stretch from July 9–18 in which he threw three consecutive complete game shutouts.[11] But he was overshadowed that year by eventual Cy Young Award winner Roger Clemens of the Boston Red Sox, who went 24–4. The Tigers headed to the postseason again in 1987 behind a team-leading 18 wins from Morris, but this time Jack's postseason performance was below expectations. He lost his only start in the ALCS, surrendering six runs in eight innings to the eventual World Champion Minnesota Twins. Despite a sub par season in 1989 when he made only 24 starts and won just 6 games, he still finished the 1980s with 162 wins, the most by a major league pitcher during the decade. In 1990, his final season in Detroit, Morris lost a career high 18 games, though he also led the Tiger staff with 15 wins and led the AL with 11 complete games.
Morris had a 3–1 post-season record as a Tiger, with a 2.73 ERA.
When playing for the Tigers, Morris was approached for a locker room interview by Jennifer Frey. At the time, Frey was an intern with the Miami Herald; she would later work as a reporter for The New York Times and The Washington Post. Morris responded to Frey that, "I don't talk to women when I'm naked unless they're on top of me or I'm on top of them". When the Herald complained about his actions, Bo Schembechler, who was the president of the Tigers at the time, said that the newspaper had a "lack of common sense" for assigning a woman to a locker room interview.
Minnesota Twins Edit
In 1991, Morris signed a one-year contract with his hometown Minnesota Twins. He enjoyed another great season, posting 18 wins with a 3.43 ERA, and an even better postseason after Minnesota won the AL West. Morris won both of his starts over the Toronto Blue Jays in the ALCS, and his team went on to face the Atlanta Braves in the World Series. Jack started for the Twins three times in the series, going 2–0 with a 1.17 ERA, making his final outing in the deciding Game 7. In a postseason performance for the ages, the 36-year-old hurler threw 10 innings of shutout baseball against the Braves, as the Twins won the World title 1–0 on a 10th-inning single by Gene Larkin that scored Dan Gladden. Morris was named the World Series MVP for his fantastic performance, and joined fellow pitcher Sandy Koufax as the only players to win the Babe Ruth Award twice. He holds the record for most wins by a Twin in a single postseason, with four acquired in 1991.
Toronto Blue Jays Edit
Following the 1991 season, Morris signed with the Toronto Blue Jays. He earned 21 wins for the second time in his career (the first ever 20-win season for a Blue Jays pitcher) with only six losses, though he rode the wave of superior run support from his offense, given his 4.04 ERA that year. The Blue Jays reached the 1992 World Series against the Braves. Despite a subpar post-season performance (he went 0-3, including 2 World Series losses), Morris won a third World Series ring as Toronto beat Atlanta in six games. He won a fourth ring in 1993, as the Blue Jays repeated as World Champions with a victory over the Philadelphia Phillies in six games. However, Morris was not an important factor in the Blue Jays World Series repeat: he pitched poorly for the team in the regular season, finishing 7–12 with a 6.19 ERA, and was not used at all in the postseason due to a season-ending injury.[12] Regardless he was given his fourth World Series ring
On Tuesday, April 6, 1993, Morris set a major league record by making his 14th consecutive opening day start, an impressive achievement since he played on numerous title-contending teams. The opening day start is usually given to either the best pitcher in the rotation or the pitcher with the highest level of respect among the players and coaches.
Cleveland Indians and Cincinnati Reds Edit
He joined the Cleveland Indians in 1994, but was released by the team on August 9, three days before the season was ended by a strike. Morris finished the season with a 10-6 record, but an ERA of 5.60. After an abortive attempt at a comeback with the Cincinnati Reds during spring training of 1995, Morris retired. In 1996, however, he made a brief return to professional baseball, this time playing with the St. Paul Saints of the independent Northern League. The 41-year-old Morris went 5-1 in 10 starts, with a 2.69 ERA, before retiring for good.
Salary Edit
Morris was the highest-paid pitcher in the American League on at least 4 occasions: 1987, 1988, 1991, and 1993.
Wildness Edit
Although it likely helped his strikeout totals, the split-finger pitch was also responsible for Morris leading the league in wild pitches on six separate occasions. His 206 wild pitches in his career rank eighth in baseball history.
Awards and highlights Edit
Jack Morris's number 47 was retired by the Detroit Tigers in 2018.
Roberto Soldado: Capable of ending Tottenham's search for a top-class striker
Vicente Del Bosque cut straight to the point when praising his centre forward after seeing Spain beat Venezuela 5-0 last year. "I have to commend Roberto Soldado," said the coach of the world and European champions. "Because he did what a striker should do - finish."
It wasn't always that way for Soldado, whose wastefulness in front of goal was criticised as a youngster and saw him go five years between international caps. But the 28-year-old Valencia man has developed into a remarkably consistent goalscorer, with only Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo scoring more Primera Liga goals over the past four seasons. It is no wonder he is a target for Tottenham.
Spurs' search for a striker has become a recurring theme in recent seasons, reaching a nadir in the 2010-11 campaign when Roman Pavlyuchenko, Jermain Defoe and Peter Crouch netted just 18 Premier League goals between them. Last season saw Defoe and Emmanuel Adebayor share striking duties and their tally of 16 goals once again fell some way short of expectations.
Demands
Defoe started the campaign well and appears to have improved his link-up play while retaining his pace beyond his 30th birthday. Although not physically suited to the traditional demands of the lone forward role, his ability to stretch the play and create space for the marauding Gareth Bale proved a valuable asset under Andre Villas-Boas, given the manager's penchant for the high defensive line.
But Defoe saw his form fade from October and of the 10 goals the England international netted in his final 33 games of the season, four came in the Europa League against Maribor and Panathinaikos. With Adebayor enduring a predictably disappointing campaign after signing on a permanent basis, the two men combined to boast some alarmingly unimpressive conversion stats.
Defoe's 11 Premier League goals represented a paltry return for his 108 efforts on goal, while Adebayor managed just 42 shots all season - finding the net with just five of them. It is here that the contrast with the more ruthless Soldado is marked, with the Spaniard notching 24 goals from his century of shots for Valencia.
Shot conversion - 2012/13 Player League apps Goals Shots Conversion rate Roberto Soldado 35 24 100 24% Jermain Defoe 34 11 108 10% Emmanuel Adebayor 25 5 42 12%
In this sense, Soldado is clearly an upgrade on the incumbents at White Hart Lane. He is technically sound with an ability to hold the ball up and can also offer intelligent movement away from the ball to create space for others - so important given Tottenham's goalscoring potential in the attacking midfield zones. The fact that he scored four headed goals last season should also be considered a bonus asset, given that Adebayor and Defoe failed to net a single header between them in 2012/13.
However, it is worth noting that Soldado is a very different proposition to Christian Benteke, the Aston Villa forward who was linked with a move to Spurs before penning a new deal at Villa Park. Soldado cannot offer the robust line-leading skills of the Belgian and does not thrive in aerial duels. While Adebayor won 40 per cent of his aerial battles last season, Soldado's 13 per cent success rate in the Champions League was inferior to the Premier League record of the diminutive Defoe.
As such, he is not necessarily the man to bring others into the game by winning the physical battle. This is an out-and-out striker who is not at his best when coming deep for the ball. Soldado is essentially a penalty-box poacher, as shown by the fact that all 24 of his league goals last season came from inside the area. His Champions League hat-trick against Belarusian champions BATE Borisov in October provided a good example of this, as the striker fired off almost as many shots as passes.
No matter. The most important thing Soldado can bring to Spurs is goals. As the prospect of Bale leaving for Real Madrid continues to grow, Tottenham's reliance on the Welshman becomes an imminent concern. Bale scored 32 per cent of the team's Premier League goals last season and was the true focal point of the attack. In this regard, it may be of interest to Villas-Boas - a coach as interested in the psychological as the tactical - that Soldado has a history of replacing star names.
In the summer of 2010, Soldado left Getafe to join a Valencia team shorn of both David Villa and David Silva. The pressure could have been suffocating but instead he embraced it to become a hero. "When I came here, I never expressed it openly, as in 'replacing David Villa'," Soldado told UEFA's Champions magazine last season. "But I was really conscious that if things didn't go well, that tag was going to weigh very heavily for a long time - not just in my own mind but for the press and fans."
Soldado responded to this challenge by taking responsibility and going on to become Valencia's captain. It is difficult to imagine Adebayor, for example, assuming this mantle so comfortably. And while Soldado might not possess the physical assets of the Togo frontman, or the game to be a like-for-like replacement for the club's Welsh wizard, this particular Spaniard looks to be the stand-out individual when it comes to ending Tottenham's long search for a top-class striker.
A writer at Medium.com wishes death upon Senator John McCain in an article published Monday.
“A study by the Journal of Patient Safety says that somewhere between 210,000 and 440,000 patients die every year as a result of medical errors,” Caitlin Johnstone writes. “If there was a God, murderous warmongering neocon John McCain would have been one of them.”
The 80-year-old Arizona senator recovers from surgery to remove a blood clot located above his left eye in the brain.
Johnstone cites the former prisoner of war's support of various military actions to justify her position. Johnstone calls herself a “rogue journalist” and names “love, whimsy, fun, laughter, singing, swimming, music, healing, food, art, [and] dancing like a fool as her interests on her Facebook page.
Medium.com, launched by Twitter co-founder Evan Williams, describes itself as the “home to unique ideas from the world's smart minds.”
“If you're waiting for the part where I say I'm just kidding and would never wish death on anybody, please allow me to make myself clear: I sincerely, genuinely hope that Arizona Senator John McCain's heart stops beating, and that he is subsequently declared dead by qualified medical professionals very soon,” she writes. “I don't wish him a painful death, I don't wish him a slow death, I don't wish him an unnatural or violent death; I only wish that he becomes incapable of facilitating the merciless slaughter of any more human beings.”
Calvin Johnson had the greatest receiving season in NFL history last year. He had the greatest receiving game in NFL history earlier this year. He's amid the most prolific three-year stretch by a receiver in this game's history. He's 28 years old.
Calvin Johnson is in his prime? Not really, according to one Baltimore Ravens defensive back.
Megatron would appear to be at the height of his prime. But that's not so, according to rookie Ravens safety Matt Elam. "He's pretty old, so I don't know how physical he'll be," Elam told local reporters in Baltimore when asked about covering Johnson. "He's a big guy, but he's older." Elam's comments about Johnson's physicality are odd, considering Johnson is 6-foot-5 and among the most physical receivers in the NFL. Elam is a 5-foot-10 rookie. The comments about his age are peculiar as well, with Johnson squarely in his prime. But he does broach a subject that is on the horizon, which is just how long Johnson can remain the game's greatest receiver before Father Time catches up to him. He hasn't slowed just yet, but is starting to develop chronic knee issues that have limited him to just a practice or two a week for much of the season, and cost him one game. "I'm not worried about (the knee)," Johnson said last week. "Like I said, when the time comes (to hang it up), y'all will know. It's not here right now." Johnson can't be this good forever. But for right now, he is this good, and Elam will get a close look at just how good he is soon enough.
Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.
Public Lands Bundy supporter gets 68 years In April, a jury found Gregory Burleson guilty for his part in the 2014-armed standoff at Cliven Bundy's ranch.
On Wednesday, one of 17 defendants being tried for their part in the 2014 standoff between supporters of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and the Bureau of Land Management was sentenced to 68 years in prison. Gregory Burleson, 53, of Phoenix, was convicted in April of eight counts including assault on federal officers, obstruction of justice and extortion.
During the 32-day trial earlier this year, prosecutors showed images of Burleson in a sandy wash near Bunkerville, Nevada, holding a long gun and participating in the face-off over Bundy's cattle. The herd had been illegally grazing public land for years. When the BLM announced its plans to impound the livestock, Bundy and several members of his family put out a call on social media for people to support him in thwarting the government's operation. Burleson was among the hundreds who traveled to Bundy Ranch to help.
FBI/The Intercept
Burleson's attorney, Terrence Jackson, said his client was manipulated by Cliven Bundy and “became mesmerized by his fame.” The Bundy supporter had participated in self-styled militia groups and told an undercover FBI agent after the standoff that he wanted to kill federal employees.
The sentence is notably higher than Jackson requested but lower than the 87 years the government hoped for. The Las Vegas Review-Journal reports that the judge took Burleson's poor health into account in making her decision.
Todd Engel, another defendant in the Bunkerville trial convicted in April, is slated for sentencing on Sept. 28. A jury found Engel guilty of two charges: interstate travel to aid extortion and obstruction of justice. The jury was deadlocked on charges for Engel and Burleson's four co-defendants, who are currently being retried at the federal courthouse in Las Vegas.
Another participant in the standoff, Gerald DeLemus of New Hampshire, was sentenced to seven years in prison in June. DeLemus had pleaded guilty last year.
Cliven Bundy and others, including several of his sons, will be featured in two more trials, the dates for which have yet to be set.
Tay Wiles is an associate editor for High Country News and can be reached at [email protected]
Follow @taywiles
2016 Top 30 Habs Prospects: #30-#26
Welcome back to my third annual top-30 Habs prospects rankings. If you haven't already, please read the Ranking Methodology.
This grouping of the list features a solid mid-season addition for the IceCaps, two intriguing projects from the 2016 draft class, the oldest player on the list, and a classic case of “how is this prospect not a big scorer?”
Series Navigation:
2016 Top 30 Habs Prospects: Ranking Methodology
2016 Top 30 Habs Prospects: #30-#26
2016 Top 30 Habs Prospects: #25-#21
2016 Top 30 Habs Prospects: #20-#16
2016 Top 30 Habs Prospects: #15-#11
2016 Top 30 Habs Prospects: #10-#6
2016 Top 30 Habs Prospects: #5-#1
2016 Top 30 Habs Prospects: Prospect Awards and Parting Thoughts
All AHL and CHL statistics are courtesy of Prospect-Stats.com.
#30) Max Friberg
Last Ranking: N/R
Draft: 2011,143rd, 5th round (Acquired via trade)
Position: RW | Shoots: R
Birthdate: 1992-11-20 | Plce of Birth: Skövde, SWE
Team: San Diego Gulls/St. John's IceCaps (AHL)
Height: 5'10” | Weight: 201
GP G A P Prim. P P/GP Prim. P/GP SOG SH% SOG/GP 67 11 25 36 24 0.537 0.358 122 9.016% 1.821
After a pair of 40-point AHL seasons, Friberg appeared to take the next step in the first half in San Diego. However, a trade to the IceCaps caused his 0.68 PPG to plummet to 0.45.
Overview: An energy forward with a 40+ playmaking ability…Stickhandling and shooting are below replacement level (35)…Defensive play (anticipation and forechecking) is his best trait.
Friberg is a pesky forward with a relentless motor. His intelligence, hand-eye, and speed on the forecheck make him a threat to create turnovers. He's also quite successful in puck battles with his body positioning and strength. In the defensive zone, few IceCaps players were better at shutting down lanes.
While in possession, Friberg is hit-or-miss. He's an average possession player, but he did contribute a 2.8 GF%-Rel. Not a gifted stickhandler, and in fact struggles to beat defenders. However, he's surprisingly effective on breakaways. Friberg has good hand-eye coordination, which allows him to occasionally finish in tight.
However, Friberg is not a natural goalscorer, and rather spectacularly misses golden opportunities. Friberg is best a short-range playmaker who opens up lanes as a distributor. But he's not particularly noteworthy there, either.
Friberg is most likely nearing the end of his development. Getting a similar level of contribution from Friberg as the IceCaps did from the recently-departed Gabriel Dumont would be a success. There's still time for Friberg to take the next step to become an NHLer, but I remain unconvinced. He could become an energy fourth liner if he improves his offensive consistency.
Ranking Explanation: Although Friberg has a more proven scoring record than those above him, I'm more confident in their tools being more adequate for the NHL. Friberg lacks a tool such like Mark MacMillan's skating or Jeremiah Addison's shot.
#29) Arvid Henrikson
Last Ranking: N/R
Draft: 2016, 187th, 7th round
Position: D | Shoots: R
Birthdate: 1998-02-23 | Place of Birth: Stockholm, SWE
Team: AIK J18 | League: J18 Elit/J18 Allsvenskan
Height: 6'4.5” | Weight: 209
GP G A P Prim. P P/GP Prim. P/GP SOG SH% SOG/GP J18 Elit (Regional) 21 4 16 20 11 0.952 0.55 29 13.793 1.381 J18 Allsvenskan (National) 15 2 8 10 4 0.667 0.267 21 10.5% 1.4
One of the most intriguing prospects the Canadiens organization offers. Trevor Timmins stated that Christer Rockstrom was begging them to obtain another selection to snag Henrikson. Henrikson spent the year in the J18 levels, first in the regional Elit, then in the national Allsvenskan.
Overview: A defenceman best without possession…Projects as perhaps a 45+ skater, at least in terms of agility…Puck skills are severely limited at this point, yet somehow become average when used at forward.
Henrikson is a sizeable defender with a thirst for destruction. He's often using his decent mobility to aggressively close the gap and crunch opposing forwards. As a decently proactive defender, Henrikson closes lanes before passes happen and maintains good positioning.
A clumsy first few steps turn into a smooth stride, lacking in speed. Decent four-way mobility combines his with positioning and reach to defend well off the rush.
Although Henrikson's puck skills are lacking, his head is always up. He locates the correct option, but can't always reach the target. He lacks a big shot and in-zone vision, but when used as a forward on the powerplay suddenly he can complete passes and lead the rush.
A long-term project, Henrikson clearly has decent tools. His combination of feet and size is desirable. He doesn't spend much time in the defensive zone, either. His puck skills will need improvement, but the necessary foundation is there.
Ranking Explanation: An intriguing long-term project, but that's exactly what keeps him this low. I'm unsure that I see good enough puck skills to become an NHLer, and from a developmental standpoint he's a year behind. His age and potential give an edge over Friberg. Given time, who knows what could happen.
#28) Michael Pezzetta
Last Ranking: N/R
Draft: 2016, 160th, 6th round
Position: LW/C | Shoots: L
Birthdate: 1998-03-13 | Place of Birth: Toronto, ON
Team: Sudbury Wolves | League: OHL
Height: 6'1” | Weight: 205
GP G A P Prim. P. P/GP Prim. P/GP SOG SH% SOG/GP 64 10 18 28 21 0.438 0.328 129 7.752% 2.016
Don't be fooled by the numbers, Michael Pezzetta was a key piece of the Sudbury Wolves this season. The low-scoring Wolves certainly hindered Pezzetta's point totals, as did his complementary style.
Overview: An “ultra-physical” forward with skating that projects around 50…More of a playmaker than goalscorer, but both are more than likely below average at the NHL level.
Pezzetta plays an up-tempo, aggressive game. He continually initiates seismic collisons, sometimes hurting his team in the process. This energy transfers to his forechecking and backchecking, both of which are above-average. As a defensive player, he locates opportunities to help and does so effectively.
There's skill in Pezzetta. Although he's not an instinctual scorer, his shot power is quite good. More of a playmaker, Pezzetta consistently locates targets, and will even mix in a high-skill pass. Below-average stickhandling ability limits his one-on-one moves, but he has moments of dominance down low and around the net.
Pezzetta's skill is really hit-or-miss. His skills are masked because of his style, situation, and point in development. Going forward, he need to will to unlock the skill at a more consistent basis.
Ranking Explanation: Pezzetta could easily rocket up this list next season. I gave him the edge over Henrikson as I'm more comfortable analyzing prospects from the OHL than the J18 level. Pezzetta's inconsistency, lack of upside, and lack of a scoring record that hasn't reached Mark MacMillan's level or even Jeremiah Addison's, keeps him low for now.
#27) Mark MacMillan
Last Ranking: 22nd
Draft: 2010, 113th, 4th round
Position: L | Shoots: RW/C
Birthdate: 1992-01-23 | Place of Birth: Penticton, BC
Team: St. John's IceCaps | League: AHL
Height: 6'0” | Weight: 172
GP G A P Prim. P P/GP Prim. P/GP SOG SH% SOG/GP 62 6 11 17 15 0.274 0.242 54 11.111% 0.871
A quick pit-stop in the ECHL turned into a statistically-underwhelming season for last year's NCHC Defensive Forward of the Year. Perhaps the production stats are a bit misleading because the eye-test said MacMillan was consistently solid. However, he was one of the worst IceCaps in terms of GF, coming away with -6.o18 GF%-Rel and his CF% in games I tracked was poor.
Overview: A 55+ skater with 60 top-end speed…Quality defensive player in the traditional sense with excellent forechecking ability…50 stickhandler, but falls short due to 35, if not lesser, shooting and 40+ playmaking.
MacMillan's 200-foot aggression makes him a constantly noticeable. He handles tough match-ups, but often at the expense of offensive chance creation. He proactively shuts down lanes, aggressively hounds the puck carrier, and creates turnovers with anticipation. Although that wasn't evident with the IceCaps this season, I believe that he could turn that around with better linemates and an increased role.
With great top-end speed, MacMillan loves to cut out wide and then charge the net. He's also flashes good hands from time to time, allowing him to confuse defenders and occasionally diversify his attack. However, he's fairly predictable if he has no passing option, and can be shut down by more coordinated defenders.
Playmaking is MacMillan's offensive calling card, as he consistently demonstrates solid puck distribution skills. From time-to-time he will add a high-skill pass, but he typically prefers short, quick passes. He's not a great shooter, and in fact he's below-average in the AHL, pointing to mediocre, if not lesser, in the NHL.
MacMillan has been on the radar for a long time now, being a 2010 draft choice. With six years of development under his belt, it's time for MacMillan to take the next step. His current abilities fall short of the NHL, but a few tweaks could make him an average fourth liner down the line.
Ranking Explanation: Although I've been a fan of MacMillan for quite some time, he's a tough player for me to project. He's a low-upside prospect, and his age also works against him. The skating ability gives him the edge over Friberg and Pezzetta, but his poor numbers really make me question his true value as a defensive player.
#26) Jeremiah Addison
Last Ranking: 29th
Draft: 2015, 207th, 7th round
Position: LW | Shoots: L
Birthdate: 1996-10-21 | Place of Birth: Brampton, ON
Team: Ottawa 67's | League: OHL
Height: 6'0” | Weight: 183
GP G A P Prim. P P/GP Prim. P/GP SOG SH% SOG/GP 66 27 29 56 43 0.848 0.652 180 15.0% 2.727
Although Jeremiah Addison failed to take a significant leap forward that was most likely required, he still had a good season. The gritty winger picked up 27 goals and made improvements to his playmaking and overall effectiveness. Despite these changes, he had an average impact on GF, with a 49.5 GF%.
Overview: Intelligent, relentless winger blessed with a 50+ wrist shot, 45 skating, and 50+ defensive play…Knack for being in the right position, but 35 finishing rate and playmaking severely handicaps offensive upside.
A classic case of “how does this guy only have 56 points?” Addison is a complementary grinder with flashes of being a play driver. He positions himself like second line scorer on the ice, yet fails to convert on the majority of chances he gets. To complicate this matter, Addison's shot release is among the best in the OHL, but accuracy, shot selection, and volume all lack.
Although passable by OHL standards, Addison projects as a mediocre playmaker at the professional level. He doesn't have the ability to create space with his skating or hands, and he rarely finds options anywhere above the difficulty of medium.
With above-average skating for the OHL, Addison is an intense forechecker and difficult match up. He plays a true grinding game, intentionally locking himself into boards in order to win battles. With the puck, he finds another gear and is difficult to dispossess. He's also an effective net front presence, but perhaps his size could limit that ability at the NHL level.
In this battle of scouting “feel” versus statistics, the statistics won. The odds are stacked against Addison as a below-PPG fourth year junior, even despite the good vibes that he will consistently give.
Ranking Explanation: Addison's smarts and positioning, despite his lack of finish, point to a player that has could become an NHLer. However, his lack of scoring and late-birthdate stacks the odds against him. He's younger than MacMillan, and his shot is better, which ultimately led to me giving him the slight edge.
Check back on Wednesday for prospects ranked #25-#20!
NOTES:
This list, just like every other installment, is for entertainment purposes only. The information in each prospect profile is far more valuable than the actual ranking. The information is always “in my opinion.” I am neither a professional scout nor an amateur scout. In fact, I hesitate to use the word scout at all. (I'm an amateur amateur scout, I guess). Watching the future of the NHL is my passion, not my job. Feel free to send me your questions, comments, concerns, or complaints in the comments, on Twitter (@MitchLBrown) or email (mitchbrown31@gmail.com). Or just tell me I suck. I don't care.
This article is over 1 year old
Nottingham Trent University team says replacing concrete with plastic container to fill with water could slash carbon emissions
Researchers have developed a device to make washing machines lighter that could significantly reduce carbon emissions and the back pain of people having to install them.
Washing machines typically contain one or more large concrete blocks, which can weigh more than 25kg (4st), in order to prevent them from moving during spin cycles.
But the production and transportation of concrete creates carbon emissions and makes washing machines very heavy to transport, increasing fuel costs.
Washing machines: a buyers' guide Read more
To combat this, a team at Nottingham Trent University, including Dylan Knight, a 22-year-old undergraduate, developed a hollow plastic container that is filled with water once the machine is in place to stop it shaking violently or shuffling across the floor.
Knight, who is studying product design, tested the lightweight device, which weighs less than 3kg when unfilled, and found it was equally effective as concrete blocks when filled with water.
“The hollow container is left unfilled until the appliance is installed. We found it worked as good as a concrete counterweight, stopping the spinning drum from heavily vibrating the machine,” he said.
“Concrete is actually quite bad for the environment due to the CO2 released when it is produced. The use of concrete is also the reason why washing machines are normally very heavy to move.”
The design cuts the weight of a typical machine by one-third, which in turn lowers the cost of fuel for transportation.
About 3.5m washing machines are sold a year in the UK, and the team said that if each were fitted with the device, the carbon savings would equate to about 44,625 tonnes of carbon dioxide, in addition to the reduced fuel consumption.
The idea for the project came from Tochi Tech, a design company working with researchers and students at the university to find innovative and sustainable solutions to appliance manufacturing.
Prof Amin Al-Habaibeh, an expert in intelligent engineering systems, and Knight, who is from south-east London, designed the device in collaboration with Tochi Tech.
Al-Habaibeh said: “This sustainable solution not only reduces cost and energy needed for transportation, but also provides ergonomic and health and safety benefits to those physically handling washing machines.
“This is a great example of how we integrate our teaching and learning processes, and research with industry, to solve real problems and support job creation.”
Reducing the weight of washing machines in a lorry by 100kg could save approximately 8.5g of carbon dioxide emissions and 0.35 litres of fuel per 100km travelled.
The research was provided through the Enabling Innovation programme at Nottingham Trent University. This is funded by the European Regional Development Fund, which “aims to strengthen economic and social cohesion in the European Union”.
Image caption Cannabis floods the brain with a host of chemicals which lead to changes in mood and memory
Scientists believe they are closer to understanding how taking cannabis disrupts short-term memory.
The Canadian team from Ottawa University narrowed the effect down to a particular type of brain cell called an astrocyte.
Writing in the journal Cell, they said it might be possible to block it in medicines based on cannabis.
A UK researcher said it could reveal more about natural brain chemicals.
Cannabis floods the brain with a host of chemicals which mimic one of its own subtle signalling systems, leading to pronounced changes in mood and memory.
Scientists are trying to harness the power of these chemicals, called cannabinoids, in pharmaceuticals aimed at conditions such as multiple sclerosis and chronic pain.
The doses of cannabinoid are carefully controlled to avoid the "high" feeling.
The work by the Ottawa University researchers may shed light on how one of the best known cannabinoids, THC, acts on the brain.
Memory matters
Their work suggests that, when it comes to affecting memory, THC is acting not, as might be expected, on the brain's neurons, but on a brain cell called an astrocyte.
We may find a way to deal with working memory problems in Alzheimer's. Dr Xia Zhang
They bred mice whose astrocytes could not be affected by THC, and found that their spatial memory was unaffected by the dose.
This discovery could help drug companies reduce the risk of unwanted side effects when using THC in their products, they suggested.
However, possibly more importantly, it could shed light on the brain's own chemical pathways, the "endocannabinoid" system.
Dr Xia Zhang, one of the researchers, said: "Just about any physiological function you can think of in the body, it's likely at some point endocannabinoids are involved."
Understanding how this system works could lead to ways to make it work better, he suggested.
"We may find a way to deal with working memory problems in Alzheimer's," he said.
Prof Heather Ashton, from the University of Newcastle, said that memory problems were an established feature of cannabis use, and understanding the mechanism behind them was "interesting".
She said: "When someone is taking cannabis, in some cases you find that they cannot even remember starting a sentence by the time they reach the end."
But she agreed that the practical benefits of such research might ultimately lie in a better understanding of the body's own endocannabinoid system, rather than the effects of cannabis itself.
ST. AUGUSTINE | A St. Johns County sexual predator was sentenced to eight years in prison Wednesday for sexually abusing dogs.
James Lee Lyons, 53, was arrested twice in 2013 on charges of sexual activity involving an animal and felony cruelty to animals. He was also charged with failing to register an address where he was living.
Judge Michael Traynor's sentence included nine years probation when he gets out. Lyons pleaded no contest to the charges as part of a plea agreement.
The first arrest came after a neighbor on Gloria Street off U.S. 1 said his dog went missing during a thunderstorm. Later he saw Lyons carrying the dog from a trailer. Lyons told him he found the dog in his shed.
The dog acted withdrawn, and a veterinarian suspected animal abuse and bestiality. Detectives investigated and arrested Lyons, who was released on $11,000 bail.
A court-ordered pretrial condition of his release was that he would not have any pets at home. St. Johns County Animal Control officers went to Lyons' home and took two dogs, including a 42-pound female terrier mix that had injuries.
A veterinarian described the terrier's injuries as "appalling," according to the Sheriff's Office.
Lyons was arrested again and was also charged with failure to register as a sexual predator. He lived at a U.S. 1 South residence without registering the address.
The first dog's owner moved from the home shortly after the incident. He was at Wednesday's hearing but did not want to speak in court.
Lyons was convicted in 1998 of attempted sexual battery on a child and sexual act with a child while in a familial role. He was sentenced to prison for about 14 years and was released in June 2011.
A Palestinian man works inside a tunnel near the Gaza-Egypt border. The Israeli military has discovered 36 Hamas-dug tunnels, but estimates there are many more. Mahmud Hams/AFP/Getty Images
By: Shlomi Eldar, Columnist for Al-Monitor
Al-Monitor
The ground phase of Operation Protective Edge raises many questions that will require answers once the campaign is over. Was Israel aware of the extent and scope of the Hamas terrorist tunnel project? Was the Israeli military establishment aware of it, and if so, did it provide Israel's decision-makers with a comprehensive — or even a near comprehensive — account of the dozens of high-quality tunnels being excavated between the Gaza Strip and Israel, which would be put into use once the order arrived? Did the Israeli political echelon know about these tunnels? Were they silent about them? Were they showing restraint? And if so, why?
On the eve of its incursion into the Gaza Strip, Israel agreed to an Egyptian outline for a cease-fire to restore calm. It was only after 13 militants from the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades penetrated Israel in an attempt to launch a terrorist attack in Kerem Shalom that the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) got the green light to begin a ground assault. And it was only then that soldiers discovered there was an underground Gaza just like there was an aboveground Gaza, and that the Hamas movement had invested an enormous amount of resources into constructing that underground Gaza.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was very wary of defining his precise objectives to end Operation Protective Edge. Instead, both he and his government are making do with more general goals, such as “removing the rocket threat” and ''restoring quiet to the citizens of Israel.” It was only following the failed infiltration operation and during the UN-sponsored five-hour humanitarian cease-fire that it became clear how pressing and urgent the tunnel threat really was, and that it could pose an even greater threat to Israel than Hamas' rockets.
No Iron Dome air defense system has been found as of yet to counter these terrorist tunnels. Furthermore, in the race against time, there can be no doubt that Hamas managed to get a step ahead of Israeli preparedness. In a background briefing for journalists, an IDF source stated on July 19 that it is questionable whether the army will be able to locate all of the tunnels. This only testifies to the degree that the IDF was surprised by the scope and size of the assault tunnels that Hamas created along the border with Israel.
Photos: Israel Launches Offensive Against Hamas View All 29 Images
It was suddenly revealed that there are two Gazas: One is the crowded, impoverished and faltering Gaza, but there is also an “underground Gaza,” buried deep below the surface. As of now, the IDF has located 36 tunnels, but even during the current fighting, with the IDF still searching the area, terrorists have been sent to launch attacks deep in Israeli territory through tunnels that have yet to be discovered. According to the security source's assessment, these are enormous tunnels, the planning and preparation of which probably lasted approximately three years. The cost of excavating, reinforcing and maintaining each tunnel is approximately $1 million, and as far as is now known, dozens of such quality tunnels were dug along the border between Israel and the Gaza Strip, from the northernmost part of the territory all the way to the south.
The Israeli exit of these tunnels is sometimes as far as half a kilometer beyond the Green Line. Over the years, once the tunnels were completed, they all required routine maintenance to ensure that they remained operational and hidden. It was even necessary to protect them from flooding during winter storms, a problem exacerbated by Gaza's broken and collapsing drainage and runoff system. One can only wonder why Hamas — a movement that advocated the improvement of life quality for Gaza residents and offered them “change and reform” — did not even invest as little as one-hundredth of the cost of the tunnels to renovate Gaza's sewage system. Instead, it invested in building more tunnels and rockets.
The Hamas movement has developed three distinct types of tunnels:
The first consists of the many hundreds of tunnels along the border between Gaza and Egypt, most of which were sealed recently by Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's new regime. These are "economic tunnels." They are designed to bring merchandise and raw materials into Gaza from Egypt. Over the years, and especially after Israel's withdrawal from the Philadelphi Corridor (the route running along Gaza's border with Egypt), these tunnels served as an “underground railroad” of sorts to bring in weapons, including the vast stockpile of rockets that have accumulated in Gaza.
The second network of tunnels is complex and has multiple branches running off it. This network, which was burrowed beneath the cities and refugee camps of Gaza — Khan Yunis, Rafah, Jabaliya, and Shatti — was designed to hide the stockpile of rockets and launchers. At the same time, other tunnels were dug to provide protection to Hamas leaders and allow them mobility. Every single leader of Hamas, from its lowest ranking bureaucrats to its most senior leaders, is intimately familiar with the route to the security tunnel assigned to him and his family. The most senior leadership has its own specific tunnel, which serves as a “war room” in times of emergency, such as the current military campaign in the Gaza Strip.
Then there are the tunnels along the border with Israel. These were intended to allow Hamas activists from the Gaza Strip to infiltrate deep into Israeli territory. Israel had already established a security fence along its border with Gaza, which has successfully prevented countless terrorist infiltrations and attacks. So the border tunnels were dug beneath the fence.
Much to the misfortune of the people of Gaza, Hamas has invested far more resources in “underground Gaza” than in “upper Gaza.” The border tunnels and the defensive tunnels intended to ensure the safety of the Hamas command cadre proved that the movement's priorities were flawed. The movement was founded as a welfare organization, intended to provide for the needy of Gaza, but instead it invested its resources in its own needs, at the expense of the population. Anyone who voted for Hamas in the 2006 elections as a way of protesting Fatah's corruption received a very different kind of corruption instead. The “change and reform” that Hamas offered its voters was invested in its tunnels at the expense of the people of Gaza.
But the tunnels extending into Israeli territory reveal another old-new aspect of Hamas' behavior and methodology. The motif of shahada, or “martyrdom,” in the person of suicide bombers, has once again taken over the movement. During the second intifada, Hamas used all its force and means to encourage suicide attacks against Israel. To do this, it issued fatwas (religious rulings) that made recruiting of suicide bombers and sending them on missions to kill Israeli civilians the fulfillment of God's will. “Martyrdom” became a central motif in Hamas. It was so successful, in fact, that the movement's leaders boasted that the demand for martyrdom exceeded available opportunities. Hamas was able to recruit “martyrs” to conduct suicide attacks in Israel at any given moment. It even produced a fatwa allowing it to recruit women to die as martyrs.
The entire Hamas system worked to promote and advance the theme of martyrdom. It emerged as its greatest weapon and, unfortunately, the most effective and destructive weapon that the movement had, too. Preachers in mosques used their sermons to speak about the importance of martyrdom (fi sabil Allah, “in accordance with Allah's will”), until many people throughout the West Bank and Gaza sincerely believed that Allah wanted to be sanctified through the sacrifice of believers' lives, and that only through martyrdom could they prove their loyalty and their faith. At the same time, the movement's welfare system promised material enticements to the martyrs' families, providing them with money and aid. Both were especially valuable during the intifada, because the economy had collapsed. Encouraged by Hamas, the motif of suicide was transformed into a heroic act of sacrifice for the sake of the entire Palestinian people and its liberation.
It was only after Israel assassinated the movement's senior political leadership, starting with its founder Ahmed Yassin in March 2004 and followed by Abdel Aziz Rantisi the following month, that there was a dramatic change in Hamas. The encouragement of shahada all but disappeared from the Hamas lexicon, and the rocket was sanctified instead. Ten years later, Hamas has returned to its ill roots.
The tunnels along the border with Israel are more than just an extensive engineering project that consumed considerable resources. It is a project that requires the training of hundreds of armed Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades' militants to engage in face-to-face combat in Israeli territory, though the chances of returning alive from it are slim. According to the teachings of Hamas, Ash-shahada fi sabil Allah, “Death upon the order of Allah to sanctify His name,” has become the combat doctrine used to train the movement's most elite units.
Hamas operated beneath Israel's radar when it embarked on its extensive project to dig these tunnels, but at the same time, it also had to prepare its people for what these tunnels meant. Without preparing a cadre of martyrs, who agree to sacrifice their lives for the sake of jihad with Israel, the vast network of tunnels is neither effective nor efficient. Indoctrinating hundreds of volunteers with the idea of martyrdom requires no less a long and exhaustive investment as building a tunnel. Operation Protective Edge not only uncovered the terrorist tunnels but also the terrorists who Hamas has been training over the years to operate through its network of tunnels.
The main question that remains is whether the theme of martyrdom will also be adopted anew by the organization's infrastructure in the West Bank. Will the Hamas leadership encourage the military wing in the West Bank to renew its terrorist attacks against Israel, like it did during the second intifada? There can be no doubt that this time, with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas at the helm of the Palestinian Authority instead of Yasser Arafat, and given the effectiveness of the Palestinian security forces, it will be more difficult to send suicide bombers through the security fence to launch attacks against Israel. Yet, though it will be more difficult, it will not be impossible.
There are still many other questions that have yet to be answered. For example, what is the role of the Palestinian media covering the military operation in Gaza? Is it capable of swaying Palestinian public opinion to oppose the corruption of Hamas and the movement's warped priorities, which include sacrificing the people of Gaza to achieve the movement's objectives?
As would only be expected, the Palestinian media highlights the killing of Palestinian civilians in the Gaza Strip and the horrible suffering imposed on the residents. And justifiably so. Nevertheless, it is still disappointing that not a single Palestinian journalist has thought to ask one particular question that is critical of the Hamas regime: How is it that Hamas, which seized control of Gaza in a military coup and invested all its resources in creating “underground Gaza,” could leave the people of Gaza aboveground so indigent and exposed?
Shlomi Eldar is a columnist for Al-Monitor's Israel Pulse. For the past two decades, he has covered the Palestinian Authority and especially the Gaza Strip for Israel's Channels 1 and 10, reporting on the emergence of Hamas. In 2007, he was awarded the Sokolov Prize, Israel's most important media award, for this work.
More from Al-Monitor.com:
Inside Egypt's cease-fire efforts
By Walaa Hussein
Egypt scrambles to stop missiles launched at Israel from Sinai
By Enas Hamed
If a newly formed group of American doctors gets its way, the DEA will indeed reschedule cannabis this year.
Over 50 prominent American doctors have just launched the Doctors for Cannabis Regulations (DFCR), a group founded on the firm belief that marijuana for adult recreational use should be outright legalized.
The group, which includes former U.S. Surgeon General Jocelyn Elders, was formed last Monday by board President David L. Nathan, an associate professor at Rutgers medical school. While the group isn't necessarily “pro-marijuana”, the DFCR vehemently opposes marijuana's prohibition.
The DFCR's foundation seems to be a partially moral one, as the group cites the need to stop arresting people for marijuana use and the need to phase out the black market as two of its core foundations. Likewise, the group believes that legalizing cannabis and creating a regulated market would benefit society more than prohibition harms society by lowering national arrests and creating a less racially disparate nation.
However, that philosophy is not shared by the American Medical Association (AMA), the nation's largest group of physicians. While the AMA's current recommendation does call for more medical research into the plant and for “public health based strategies”, the group still considers marijuana to be a “dangerous drug.”
The DFCR's philosophy does, however, appear to align with the CDC's recent recommendation that doctors stop testing patients for cannabis use. Nathan, the DFCR's president, appears steadfast in his belief that all doctors should align with his newly founded group's approach, telling The Washington Post that
“Doctors should affirmatively support this. If you're going to make something against the law, the health consequences of that use have to be so bad to make it worth creating criminal consequences. That was never true of marijuana. It was banned in 1937 over the objections of the American Medical Association (AMA).”
Ironically, the AMA, which now calls marijuana dangerous, originally opposed the Marijuana Tax Act of 1937, the act that inherently began marijuana's prohibition. That act was largely the doing of Harry J. Anslinger, America's first commissioner of the United States Treasury, and was one that carried political weight that no doctors association could topple.
It's taken nearly 80 years, but at least one sector of America's doctors, including a former Surgeon General, are no longer afraid to ask for real change. Like the DFCR, all doctors, including the AMA, believe the DEA at least should make it easier for physicians to conduct legitimate medical studies into the plant.
Should the DEA's imminent decision change marijuana to a Schedule II drug, then the doors for those studies would officially open. Thereafter, legalization shouldn't be too far behind.
A snow sculpture, iced to prevent shrinking, was built in the Tercentary Theater on the night of Monday, February 10, 2003.
When a few members of the Harvard crew team decided to build a snowy representation of the male anatomy on Feb. 11, they never imagined it would be so hard to keep it up.
The 9-foot snow phallus, constructed in Tercentenary Theater, was torn down just hours after its erection.
But its impression still sparked an intense debate, from dining halls to dorm rooms, over the appropriateness of public displays of genitalia.
Even The Economist magazine weighed in on the discussion, offering the destruction of the sculpture as evidence of American prudishness on its usually staid pages.
But women's groups on campus have led a chorus of complaints against the snow penis, arguing that such a display is demeaning to women.
Advertisement
“It was offensive because it was pornographic,” said Amy E. Keel '04, who said she and her roommate “dismantled” the giant snow penis.
“As a feminist, pornography is degrading to women and creates a violent atmosphere,” she said.
Keel said that her personal experience as a rape survivor makes this statue even more uncomfortable to observe.
“Men think they have the right to force that on you,” she said. “It's a logical extension.”
Furthermore, Keel claims that she and her roommate were verbally and physically harassed by a group of roughly 25 men when they attempted to tear down the statue with a cardboard tube at 1:30 a.m. the morning after it was built.
“A few people came out and crowded me with their bodies and one person shoved me away from the penis,” she said. “It was gendered violence, because [their comments] were said in the context of our gender and accompanied by aggressive actions toward us.”
Though Keel assumed some of her harassers were among the creators of the statue, she said she could not identify any of the men.
And crew team captain Michael J. Skey '04 denies that he or any of the other makers of the statue had been involved in the incident. According to Spey, the group left the Yard over three hours before Keel and her roommate tried to take down the snow phallus.
“We cleared out by 10:15 p.m.,” Spey said. “We had morning practice, and if guys are out there that late I'd be pissed. That's why we did it so early.”
But regardless of the alleged circumstances surrounding the snow penis' downfall, a controversy over the meaning of the statue lingers.
Women's Studies Lecturer Diane L. Rosenfeld, who teaches Women, Violence and the Law this semester, said that the implications of the snow phallus go beyond the legitimacy of the statue's presence.
“The ice sculpture was erected in a public space, one that should be free from menacing reminders of women's sexual vulnerability,” Rosenfeld wrote in an e-mail yesterday.
She said the snow penis follows a long line of public phallic symbols, including the Washington Monument and missiles.
“Women do not need to be reminded of the power of the symbol of the male genitalia,” Rosenfeld said. “My guess is that they are constantly reminded of it in daily messages.”
A discussion about feminist perspectives on the statue, sponsored by the Radcliffe Union of Students, will take place Tuesday night in the Adams House small dining room.
But the makers of the statue said they intended to build the snow penis as a simple joke.
Skey said he came up with the idea to allow a few members of the team to “hang out together” outside of practice.
“We built it for fun, instead of building a snowman,” he said. “We built it specifically as a junior high prank.”
Skey said he never expected such national attention—or such heated opposition.
“Once it turned around into a huge sexism debate, it was like a giant keg of gunpowder waiting for a spark,” Skey said.
In spite of Skey's intentions, Keel said she was offended by the joke.
“I have a right to speak out against the joke,” Keel said. “I criticize the motives of putting it up, but since they did, it is within my rights to put it down. It goes both ways.”
Skey said he agreed Keel did not do anything wrong by knocking down the statue.
“If people found it obscene, they had a right to rip it down,” he said. “That's perfectly true.”
But Skey said he thinks that at a school like Harvard, jokes can be blown out of proportion.
“Smart kids overanalyze things,” he said.
—Staff writer Hana R. Alberts can be reached at alberts@fas.harvard.edu.
Monday, June 20, 2011 File:R. Lee Wrights LPNC 2012 State Convention.jpg
(Image missing from commons: image; Libertarian presidential candidate R. Lee Wrights
R. Lee Wrights, a candidate for the U.S. Libertarian Party's presidential nomination, took some time to speak with Accredited Wikinews Reporter William Saturn about his presidential campaign and positions on political issues.
Wrights, a native of North Carolina, is an activist and lifetime member of the Libertarian Party who currently serves as the editor of several Libertarian publications. He previously worked as a medical technician in the United States Air Force and earned degrees in History and Journalism at Willmar College.
He is currently being challenged for the nomination by National Guard officer R.J. Harris, radio host Jim Duensing, former Nevada Libertarian Party chair Jim Burns, marketing executive Roger Gary and attorney Carl Person. 2008 Vice presidential nominee Wayne Allyn Root is also expected to make a run.
Interview
Ten personal questions were asked followed by ten policy questions.
Personal
((William Saturn )) What are some of your personal achievements?
((R. Lee Wrights )) Founder and editor of LibertyForAll.net, America's premier online libertarian newsletter.
Leading the most-successful volunteer ballot access drive for the Libertarian Party of North Carolina. Serving three terms on the Libertarian National Committee; one term as Vice Chair.
President of the Foundation for a Free Society, a 501c3 non-profit educational organization dedicated to promoting the principles of liberty, personal sovereignty, private property, and free markets in order to create a more free and prosperous society.
((WS )) What are your goals in life?
((RW )) Right now I am focused on bringing a peaceful America to my children and grandchildren.
((WS )) Have you ever been arrested or charged with a crime?
((RW )) No.
((WS )) What historical or contemporary figures do you admire?
((RW )) I admire most of the Founders, but especially Thomas Jefferson and James Madison.
((WS )) Who did you support in the 1996, 2000, 2004 and 2008 presidential elections?
((RW )) Harry Browne, Harry Browne, Michael Badnarik, Mary Ruwart
((WS )) Have you run for public office previously?
((RW )) A couple of times for local offices, however, I have managed numerous campaigns for other candidates at the local, state and national level.
((WS )) Why did you choose to run as a Libertarian?
((RW )) I am seeking the nomination because the Libertarian Party faces a critical test in 2012 and I want to make sure that we're up to the challenge. The Libertarian message in 2012 must be loud, clear and unequivocal call to – stop all war! We must stop the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, we must stop the War on Drugs and Alternative Lifestyles, we must Stop the War on Civil Liberties, we must stop the wars on food, healthcare, guns – you name it.
((WS )) What do you feel sets you apart from your fellow contenders for the Libertarian Party presidential nomination?
((RW )) I've been active in the Libertarian Party and libertarian movement all my adult life. I've never been afraid to passionately champion the unvarnished libertarian message of individual liberty and personal responsibility. Other candidates have tried to refine, revise or remake the libertarian message in order to appeal to voters. That tactic has failed not only the party, but the cause of liberty, as well. Instead, I propose to embrace the principled libertarian message and will not be afraid to speak truth to power.
((WS )) How often do you campaign and how would that change if you won the nomination?
((RW )) I am campaigning every day, either in person, online or on the phone and that will not change when I am honored with the Libertarian Party nomination.
((WS )) If elected, what would you do as president?
((RW )) My first order of business will be to disengage the United States from the tangle of misguided, immoral and unconstitutional military conflicts we are involved in by using the same authority and power as Commander-in-Chief so many presidents have abused to get us mired in these quagmires in the first place.
Policy
((WS )) What necessary freedoms are currently lacking in American society?
((RW )) All our freedoms are currently under attack by Democratic and Republican politicians who have conjured up myriads of excuses, "imaginary hobgoblins" to wage war on American citizens and the world. They have manipulated events to distract, divide and terrorize Americans into willingly sacrificing their liberty before the great false god of Security.
((WS )) When is government necessary?
((RW )) Government is only necessary to protect individual life, liberty and property. The only just and "necessary" government is one, as James Madison said, "which impartially secures to every man whatever is his own."
((WS )) In a market with little or no government regulation, what prevents an entity from seizing the entire means of production and becoming the new main regulator?
((RW )) Government regulation is in reality a method by which large businesses with power and influence use government power to benefit themselves at the expense of smaller competitors. In a truly free market, there will always be competition to prevent one entity from seizing the entire means of production.
((WS )) In context of government's role, what are your stands on the legality of incest, bestiality and child pornography?
((RW )) While these practices might be repulsive to most people, as they are to me, government cannot stop them from happening. Libertarians believe people should be free to make choice for themselves about their lifestyle, so long as they do not harm others. In all cases where violations of human rights occur, the proper role of government is to prosecute those who have committed the violation.
((WS )) Do you disagree with any parts of the Bill of Rights?
((RW )) No, except that I believe the Second Amendment should have been the first.
((WS )) Should the people of the United States have a right to constitutionally amend the Bill of Rights to increase the power of the federal government and limit individual rights?
((RW )) No individual, or groups of individuals, has the right to limit another individual's rights. Our rights come from our Creator, not from any government or document. Two people, 200 people, 2 million people, even the world's populations combined do not have more rights than one person. That is why when it comes to human rights, no number is greater than one.
((WS )) Should the lives of American citizens be valued above citizens of other nations?
((RW )) No. All human beings have equal value. No race, color, creed, nationality, language group, ethnic group – no human being – is of more value than any other. We are all equal under the Creator. Freedom has no race. Liberty knows no color.
((WS )) What are your views on immigration?
((RW )) The so-called "illegal immigration" issue is an economic issue and should be treated as such. We must change immigration law to match the reality of a dynamic society and labor market. Instead of building walls we should be opening doors. America should be creating a sane and humane immigration process to screen out terrorists and criminals while allowing honest, peaceful, hardworking people to come here to work and help build on the American dream as millions have done before them.
((WS )) When is war necessary?
((RW )) As C.K. Chesterton said, "The only defensible war is a war of defense." The libertarian principle of non-aggression does not mean you can't defend yourself. If the United States is attacked, we should defend ourselves using whatever force is necessary, and all the power at our disposal to stop the attack quickly and decisively. But we do not have the right to maintain an occupation force or engage in "nation building" in the aggressor nation.
((WS )) Are you a truther, birther, neither nor both?
((RW )) None of the above. I am a Libertarian.
Related news
Sources
Search Gallery Doctor Whooves Exactly what it says on the tin. This is all of my Doctor Whooves-related artwork.
Quick note: this is specifically for My Little Pony/Doctor Who crossovers. For all other fanart (including DW), go to the "fanart" folder. The Stones of Blood LissyStrata 119 Reference Sheet: The Mistress LissyStrata 373 Escape from Castle Gracht LissyStrata 195 The Doctor (Screen-Friendly Version) LissyStrata 512 Reference Sheet: Twelfth Doctor LissyStrata 385 Goth Opera LissyStrata 129 Reference Sheet: Tenth...ish Doctor LissyStrata 214 The Doctor LissyStrata 383 Being Awesome LissyStrata 204 Reference Sheet: The War Doctor LissyStrata 594 The Day of the Doctor LissyStrata 1,061 The Paternoster Row Gang LissyStrata 750 Reference Sheet: Clara Oswin Oswald LissyStrata 404 DOCTOR, DO SOMETHING! LissyStrata 537 Explosion LissyStrata 324 O Tempora, O Mores! LissyStrata 293 Classy As Hell LissyStrata 329 Suddenly, Kittens LissyStrata 355 Annoyed LissyStrata 264 That is an Awesome Hat LissyStrata 182 Alive LissyStrata 909 Life Choices LissyStrata 485 Pigeon (Painted) LissyStrata 149 Pigeon LissyStrata 120
My dead grandmother literally climbed out of her grave & wrote me a handwritten letter, just to express her shock over Anderson Cooper.
I thought Anderson Cooper had been out for a long while. Did he go back in and come out again?
Anderson Cooper finally free to do his five-part in-depth series on Ryan Reynolds' hip muscles.
And, of course, Kathy Griffin will be mighty 'disappointed' with his announcement today haha......
The internet is absolutely buzzing since CNN journalist Anderson Cooper publicly confirmed that he is gay. Below, are the 20 most hilarious reactions I came across at Twitter. Enjoy.—Ryan Shattuck(@ryanmer)anderson cooper came out? in a similar vein, i have a confession: i'm black. and yes, skinny, too. so now you know.— Bomani Jones (@bomani_jones)Now if Anderson Cooper had come out and said "I'm straight" THAT would've been news.— Ben Howe (@BenHowe)Why does Anderson Cooper have to be gay? I would rock his white haired WORLD. #justsayin— Casey Gee ♡ (@therealcaseygee)Yes Anderson Cooper, we're all excited Tom Cruise is single.— Rob Fee (@robfee)— Cindy(@CindyD1000)— Chase Mitchell (@ChaseMit)Just found out Anderson Cooper is gay.... Well there goes all ofy plans I had for a future is Mrs. Tobs Cooper.#sadday #allthegoodonesaregay — Tobie Stevens @Tobs_Lindsey)i wish anderson cooper had come out by posting a pic of himself eating an oreo and winking saucily— Satyllyte Hygh (@satellitehigh)Now that Anderson Cooper is out, my Roger Sterling/Anderson Cooper fan fiction "30 Shades Of Grey" is going to be a lot more relevant.— Ryan Broderick (@ryanhatesthis)Anderson Cooper's coming out > Adele's pregnancy > Katie Holmes' freedom > Lindsay Lohan's birthday (or something)— Ology.com (@ologize)"Anderson Cooper is GAY?!?!?!"- Nobody— Luke Barnett (@Iamlukebarnett)THANKS BUT I ALREADY KNEW ANDERSON COOPER IS GRAY, I CAN SEE HIS HAIR . ?? BIG WOOP!!!— max read (@max_read)People are still hungry and unjust wars are making polititions and CEOs rich but sumhow anderson cooper suckin dick is our main focus #2012— mike deeley (@mikedee26)Anderson Cooper is Gay??? Actually Fuck my fucking life!why don't they make straight men in the mould I like!— Tarryn N Steyn (@TarrynNSteyn)I still wouldn't leave my girl around Anderson Cooper— Kazeem Famuyide (@RealLifeKaz)Can I finally now talk about the time Anderson Cooper stole my ex-boyfriend?— Daisy Gardner (@daisykpgardner)Anderson Cooper wasn't already out?— Ben Bergman (@NPRben)Anderson Cooper being gay shocks you guys? c'mon man. stevie wonder could see that shit— Chocolate Thunder (@FreshRichie)Maybe Anderson Cooper should relieve more suspense by also letting us know he is a white male.— John Danneskjold (@JohnDanneskjold)
The Pentagon has said US airstrikes killed the red-bearded ISIS minister of war.
Officials confirmed Abu Omar al-Shishani - also known as 'Omar the Chechen' - has died from injuries sustained in an attack on March 4.
A vehicle convoy believed to be carrying the jihadist was targeted by a coalition bombing raid near al-Shadadi
Red-bearded Shishani - known as 'Omar the Chechen' - is among the most wanted terrorists in the world and the U.S. had offered a $5million reward for information leading to his capture.
Abu Omar al-Shishani was killed in a coalition bombing raid near the town of al-Shadadi on Friday, but his fate is not yet known, several U.S. officials revealed today
Red-bearded Shishani - known as 'Omar the Chechen' - was among the most wanted terrorists in the world and had a $5million bounty on his head
'We believe he subsequently died of his injuries,' Navy Captain Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman, told AFP.
On Sunday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said Shishani had been 'clinically dead' for several days.
Two U.S. military officials were optimistic that Shishani had been killed but admitted it was not certain. A third source said Shishani was targeted but gave no further information.
The reports now appear to confirm the target is dead.
The town of al-Shadadi recently fell to U.S.-backed forces from the Syrian Arab Coalition after months of ISIS control.
Shishani had previously been pictured with ISIS butcher Jihadi John - who was taken out in another airstrike last year - and is believed to have originally recruited him.
The Georgian is also a close military adviser to the terror group's commander Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
Shishani (right) has previously been pictured with ISIS butcher Jihadi John (believed to be center) - who was taken out in another airstrike last year - and is believed to have originally recruited him
In January 2015, the barbaric militant appeared in a chilling set of images that showed him smiling in front of a burning Big Ben in London
Infamous: Abu Omar al-Shishani (right) is pictured here with Ibrahim al-Mazwagi (center), the first British jihadi known to have died in Syria
Shishani, 30, leads a brigade of foreign fighters responsible for a series of beheadings and operations involving suicide bombers in northern Syria.
Some estimates suggest he commands an army of more than 1,000 Islamists.
Shishani - real name Takhan Tayumurazoch Batirashvili - had been targeted in a number of strikes.
On more than once occasion, he had been reported dead or captured before re-appearing in ISIS propaganda videos.
In January 2015, the barbaric militant appeared in a chilling set of images that showed different landmarks across the Western world burning while flying the black flag of ISIS.
One showed the Capitol in Washington, DC, ablaze as ISIS militant marched through the city.
Another, featuring Shishani, showed the red-bearded terrorist smiling in front of a burning Big Ben in London.
Measuring Up the Multiverse
Alex Vilenkin and Jaume Garriga ponder how unusual our universe is and whether this is all just a quantum dream.
by Kate Becker
ALEX VILENKIN
Tufts University
Credit: Jodi Hilton
Anything that can happen
will happen an infinite
number of times. - Alex Vilenkin
Quantum Hallucination
"How do I know whether I am a normal
person...or a vacuum fluctuation?"
Alex Vilekin ponders Boltzmann brains.
Credit: Andrey Volodin
Counting Universes
JAUME GARRIGA
University of Barcelona
The Boundary of the Universe
This theory lives at the
future boundary of spacetime;
the place where everything has
been said and done. - Jaume Garriga
Comment on this Article
Please read the important Introduction that governs your participation in this community. Inappropriate language will not be tolerated and posts containing such language will be deleted. Otherwise, this is a free speech Forum and all are welcome!
Please enter the text of your post, then click the "Submit New Post" button below. You may also optionally add file attachments below before submitting your edits.
HTML tags are not permitted in posts, and will automatically be stripped out. Links to other web sites are permitted. For instructions on how to add links, please read the link help page.
You may use superscript (10 100 ) and subscript (A 2 ) using [sup]...[/sup] and [sub]...[/sub] tags.
You may use bold ( important ) and italics ( emphasize ) using [b]...[/b] and [i]...[/i] tags.
You may also include LateX equations into your post. Insert LaTeX Equation [hide]
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [equation]...[/equation] tags. You may type your equation directly into your post, or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render (this is recommended).
For more help on LaTeX, please see the
LaTeX Equation Preview
preview equation
clear equation
insert equation into post at cursor
LaTeX equations may be displayed in FQXi Forum posts by including them within [equation]...[/equation] tags. You may type your equation directly into your post, or use the LaTeX Equation Preview feature below to see how your equation will render (this is recommended).For more help on LaTeX, please see the LaTeX Project Home Page
Your name: (optional)
Post Text Preview [hide]
Add/Edit Attachments Attachments [hide]
You may optionally attach up to two documents to your post. To add an attachment, use the following feature to browse your computer and select the file to attach. The maximum file size for attachments is 1MB.
Add attachment #1:
Add attachment #2:
Once you're done adding file attachments, click the "Submit New Post" button to add your post.
Recent Comments
JASON MARK WOLFE wrote on June 20, 2013
Since consciousness is the one thing that physics can't explain, we can make it a fundamental characteristic of spirit. Then, when we die, our physical body falls away (like the leaves on a tree fall away in Autumn). There is no mathematical description of love. Yet that is exactly what we experience when we die (or have a near death experience).
When we die, all that scientific cynicism dies with the physical body; true pure consciousness (the ability to witness) survives in spirit...
JASON MARK WOLFE wrote on June 20, 2013
Here is an easy way to organize a multi-verse. Wave-functions exist. Wave-functions interpenetrate every boson, fermions and space-time. In fact, the big bang of this universe and other universes is just an expansion from this central ocean of wave-functions.
To look at it another way, wave-functions are what some people call "spirit". All universes that explode into existence are tied to spirit, what some people might call God.
M J MURCOTT wrote on June 16, 2013
The multiverse theory of space
read all article comments
Motorists in Delhi and Gurgaon were on Friday evening caught in massive traffic jams with an estimated 30,000 weddings being performed.Long queues of vehicles were seen on major arterial roads. It reportedly took at least an hour to travel from South Extension in south Delhi to Terminal 1 of the Indira Gandhi Airport.Getting to Gurgaon was a nightmare too. There were kilometre-long jams on the Gurgaon Expressway. Crossing the toll plaza from Delhi towards Gurgaon took at least an hour.Micro-blogging site Twitter is abuzz with tweets on the jams."Seems whole Gurgaon & Delhi are hosting wedding... Barat Traffic Jam all over," a tweet said."Delhi traffic is mad today. Guess the venue for those 30k weddings has been changed from Mumbai to Delhi :( (sic)" tweeted another.Some motorists coming from the Delhi-Noida-Delhi toll road towards south Delhi were stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic. "Luv #Delhi..stuck in traffic jam from dnd to IIT gate and further.. (sic)," a tweet said.
Posted Tuesday, September 20, 2016 8:30 am
Photo Gallery | Deerfield Wind Project
READSBORO, VT — Irreconcilable views of the wind power industry in Vermont were offered Monday morning by groups starkly separated by a perimeter line manned by Vermont State Police.
That checkpoint was located just off Route 8, atop a small hill on Putnam Road, where Gov. Peter Shumlin, local officials and representatives of Avangrid Renewables, which will soon begin construction of 15 wind turbine towers on Green Mountain National Forest land, held a formal groundbreaking.
The event took place under a slight drizzle and amid intermittent fog over the ridgeline, after more than a dozen years of complex planning and permitting processes — and the developers had fended off vociferous protests and legal challenges to their Deerfield Wind project.
The protests continued in force and in earnest Monday, with about three dozen people from around Vermont and from nearby Massachusetts holding signs, shouting, at times chanting or singing — especially as Shumlin's SUV drove past toward the site.
In his remarks, the governor thanked the developer, the U.S. Forest Service, which is permitting the first wind power facility in the nation on its lands, and those officials and residents of the area who have "stuck it out" despite intense opposition over the long haul of the permitting process.
"I want to tell you why this matters," Shumlin said, adding that climate changes over his lifetime, and particularly over his six years as governor, point to a critical need to replace fossil fuel generated power with renewable resources like solar and wind.
He said residents can observe the changes in Vermont's milder winters, which threaten the ski industry and in the increase in invasive species that now thrive in the warmer climate.
He said he understands there are "divergent views" on wind power, but added that "anyone who doesn't think we have to move quickly to get off coal and oil" power generation "is living in denial."
Shumlin, who early in his tenure announced a goal of getting almost all of Vermont's energy needs from renewable sources, said that since he took office, Vermont has 11 times the number of solar panels and 22 times the wind-generated power it had. And that activity, he said, has directly impacted the state's economy through employment in those industries and through lower electricity rates than any state bordering Vermont.
Many of the jobs created have been good-paying ones, he said, and they have "brought young people to Vermont," sometimes to settle and raise families.
The Deerfield Wind project will consist of two rows of turbines on ridgelines on opposite sides of Route 8, located in Searsburg and Readsboro, both on a total of about 80 acres of Green Mountain National Forest land.
The developers — formerly known as Iberdrola Renewables — said they intend to invest about $80 million in the 30-megawatt wind project, which they estimate will produce enough power to supply the equivalent of 14,000 homes. Green Mountain Power has signed a 25-year agreement to purchase the power generated at the facility.
The two towns are expected to receive about $6.8 million in taxes over the life of the project.
The tips of the turbine blades would range from 400 to 430 feet from the ground at the highest point in their turning radius, officials said. The new turbine towers will stand in the neighborhood of a smaller wind project in Searsburg that opened in 1998.
While enthusiasm and relief at the project start was evident atop the hill, just below the police checkpoint, and stretched along the driveway down to Route 8, protesters decried what they were a victory for corporate interests over those of the average citizen.
"Bears yes, Shumlin, no," stated one sign by the highway said, referring to a long permitting appeal battle over the project's potential impacts on bear habitat.
"Shame," proclaimed another of the 20 or more signs officials passed to reach the ceremony site under a tent canopy.
Annette Smith, of Danby, executive director of the nonprofit Vermonters for a Clean Environment, has been a leader in the protests against industrial wind projects here and at other locations in Vermont.
On Monday, she was dressed in a Batwoman costume — representing she said one of the species that could be affected by the project — walking up and down the driveway. She roamed the protest site, sometimes talking into a walkie-talkie, sometimes shouting encouragement, often engaging in a shouted dialogue with other protesters that included a running commentary on the project and about the officials driving past.
"Let's sing 'This Land is Your Land' when he gets here," Smith said, and that anthem was briefly heard when Shumlin arrived, along with jeers and shouts of "No more wind!" and comments like, "That's our governor, who doesn't care about the people."
Contacted later Monday, Smith was asked if she saw any other options to halt the wind project. "It should be stopped," she said. "Will it be stopped? That is not likely, but at least we should not make the same mistakes that were made in Lowell."
Referring to the existing 21-turbine Lowell Mountain wind project near Craftsbury, Smith said she has submitted to the general counsel of the state Agency of Natural Resources a request for a stay of the Deerfield Wind project, based on what she said are problems with the operational stormwater runoff system at the Lowell Mountain site — one Smith said is similar to the Deerfield Wind design.
She said the letter to General Counsel Jen Duggan stated in part, "Vermonters for a Clean Environment seeks a stay of the Deerfield Wind construction and operational stormwater permits until the Agency responds to the following questions regarding the functioning of the Lowell Wind stormwater system to assure water quality is protected and maintained."
The letter then cites several failure issues with the Lowell system VCE had previously asserted in July.
Smith said she believes it's important that opponents of industrial wind projects continue to closely scrutinize the projects even after they become operational. If there are no delays, the Deerfield Wind project is expected to go online by late 2017.
Also among the protesters was state Rep. Marianna Gamache, R-Swanton, who is a member of the House Committee on Natural Resources and Energy and has introduced legislation that would increase public notification requirements for proposed renewable energy projects and give communities the right to veto larger projects.
Gamache said she was denied entrance to the groundbreaking area.
"All I wanted to do was attend and listen to what was being said," she told reporters.
"I am not obstructing anything or anyone" and was trying to "find out all about this," as a private citizen as well as a legislator, she said.
Members of the media also were asked to RSVP to confirm in advance that they would attend, and their names were checked as they entered.
Some protesters said they live near another project proposed by Iberdrola Renewables, proposing a total of 28 wind turbines in Grafton and Windham, and attended in support of the Deerfield Wind opponents.
Michael Fairneny, of Florida, Mass., said he and his family have suffered medical and quality of life effects of living near a 10-turbine Iberdrola Renewables project called Hoosac Wind and located in the town of Florida and in Monroe, Mass.
He said has suffered from headaches and his wife has experienced tinnitus since the Massachusetts project went online three years ago.
Smith said later that she thought "it kind of bizarre and surreal that it was the first [wind project] on public resource land and the public was not allowed to attend."
She said the situation "is a perfect picture of how Gov. Shumlin has cozied up to the wind industry."
Almost every appeal by citizens or groups of wind projects has fallen before what Smith asserted was intense political pressure on both the state and federal levels to issue approvals and permit for wind developers.
The project contractor is J.A. McDonald Inc. Firm President Eric Boyden said at the groundbreaking that the intent is to hire local subcontractors for the work, saying, "We do our best to keep it local."
The project developers also agreed to a bear habitat mitigation plan as part of a settlement of appeal issues and will help fund ongoing bear research efforts.
John Sinclair, Forest Supervisor for the Green Mountain and Finger Lakes National Forests, said the Forest Service will have a permit administrator on site during the project to monitor the mediation efforts.
Tom Hiddleston has left England for a ride through the American South.
In I Saw the Light, the British actor plays Hank Williams, the late legendary country singer-songwriter considered one of the most important artists of the 20th century. He died in 1953 when he was just 29 years old from heart failure due to alcoholism and prescription drug abuse.
The film, written and directed by Marc Abraham and set for release on Nov. 27, also stars Elizabeth Olsen as Hank's wife Audrey Mae Williams as well as Bradley Whitford, Cherry Jones and David Krumholtz.
"Everything about it was challenging," Hiddleston told E! News this summer at Comic Con. "I'm obviously not from the American South, not born in [1923] and I'm not a country singer. But it was thrilling. It was a really thrilling role to play…I think it's completely different from anything I've ever done."
The movie premiered earlier this month at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Here, E! News is giving you an exclusive sneak peek at I Saw the Light with a gallery of never-before-seen stills from the movie.
Hiddleston's costumes are our everything right now.
Image caption Mr Cansdale bought the brick for his father Harry 11 years ago
A Newcastle United fan has dug up and removed a commemorative brick from a walkway at the football club's ground.
Graeme Cansdale, who is a member of the Mike Ashley Out campaign, bought the brick for his father 11 years ago.
He said he reclaimed the brick in protest at the name change from St James' Park to Sports Direct Stadium.
"For those who are worried about health and safety we did replace it with the same sized brick," he said. Newcastle United declined to comment.
Mr Cansdale said: "Eleven years ago I bought what was called a heritage stone that was sold by the club, Newcastle United, to, you know, be part of the fabric of St James' Park.
"Now, almost a week after Mike Ashley decided to annul the name of St James' Park, and ignore 119 years of history, I decided to safeguard my part of St James' Park by chiselling my brick up."
Hammer and chisel
The brick was part of a path laid on St James' Way at the football ground.
Mr Cansdale said he does not think taking it was illegal.
He said he handed in a letter to the managing director, Derek Llambias, warning him the brick was about to be removed, was careful not to damage surrounding bricks and filled the hole with a replacement brick.
He stresses the brick belongs to him: "I've actually reclaimed my own property. It has a certificate of ownership.
"Now that St James' Park no longer exists I think I've every right to protect my property."
Mr Cansdale said he would not return the brick while owner Mike Ashley remained at the club.
My humble suggestion for DAO 2.0 Crowd Venture Fund
Pelle Braendgaard Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 29, 2016
TLDR don't try to re-implement the current DAO just with better security. Much if not all the core functionality is easily handled by Ethereum itself and the rest can be handled by smaller discrete Smart Contracts.
A lot has been written about the security issues in “The DAO”. I won't add to that here. There have also been a lot of discussions about how the DAO should have been structured and what to learn from it.
The DAO was meant to be a decentralized investment fund and added a lot of complexity that in the end was it's downfall.
Instead of one monolithic SmartContract use Ethereum and thousands of smaller Smart Contracts to solve that purpose instead.
Ether instead of DAO Tokens
Instead of a special crowd funding token, use Ether. No need to vote in a centralized smart contract using a crowd funding token.
Proposals are just separate crowd funds
If you want to create a proposal use WeiFund or write your own crowd funding contract like Digix did.
Vote by funding
If you like a project fund it by buying tokens or donating Ether to it.
No more splitting
There is no need for splitting if you aren't in agreement with a proposal. You simply don't invest.
No central balance to lose
If everyone keeps their funds in their Ethereum wallet where it is supposed to be, it can't all be stolen by an unintentional bug.
Failures are not systemic
If someone creates a proposal and is funded it won't bring down the system. The proposals would by their nature be isolated from the rest of Ethereum and failures can be used for both investors, developers and entrepreneurs as valuable learning experiences.
Anti Fragile
The next proposal can use a completely different system. No need for hard or soft forks or proposal with security updates. The system as a whole gets strong with each individual success and failure.
Diversity in governance models
Rather than use a single governance model to manage all projects. Each project can now experiment with different kinds of governance model.
If a project wants token holders to vote let them do that. If we want a single manager who decides or a board that can also work.
Use Prediction markets
If we think that that a prediction market approach is better use Gnosis or similar. It could even be implemented in a non binding way outside the project in question as a guidance for the parties involved in the direct governance
Token markets
As in the stock market, the final arbiter should be the token price. If you disagree with management or consensus, sell your token.
Conclusion
It is tempting for smart people to want to solve everything at once. I believe this is similar to Hayek's concept of The Fatal Conceit.
A small group of smart people working together will never be as successful as many people sometimes working together, sometimes against each other but always learning from each other.
In other words my proposal is to use Ethereum for what I believe Ethereum was created. Lots of small Smart Contracts working together.
State Health Commissioner Dr. Nirav Shah has sent a letter to DEC Commissioner Joe Martens that says the DOH will need more time to complete its review of the health impact assessment of hydrofracking contained in DEC's mammoth environmental impact statement.
From the letter:
The time to ensure the impacts on public health are properly considered is before a state permits drilling. Other states began serious health reviews only after proceeding with widespread HVHF. In my view, that is not the right approach for New York to take if we are serious that public health is the paramount question in making the HVHF decision. And as Health Commissioner, protecting the public health is my primary job. The Department of Health review of the EIS is on-going. In particular we are focused on the relationship of HVHF to the health impacts of drinking water contamination, but also other areas such as air quality and community impacts. In recent weeks, work has been initiated or published by the scientific community to analyze these health impacts and which may help in addressing these areas. These are the first comprehensive studies of HVHF health impacts at either the state or federal level. They include: The US EPA hydraulic fracturing study. This is a study of potential impacts of HVHF on drinking water resources. Commissioned by Congress, this includes 18 research related projects. The EPA published a 278 page progress report a few weeks ago which we are reviewing.
Geisinger Health Systems study. Geisinger, which cares for many patients in areas where shale gas is being developed in Pennsylvania, is undertaking studies to analyze health records for asthma and other respiratory diseases, accidents and injuries, as well as birth outcomes.
University of Pennsylvania study. A study of HVHF health impacts was recently announced, led by researchers from the University of Pennsylvania and in collaboration with scientists from Columbia, Johns Hopkins and the University of North Carolina. As we have been reviewing the scope of these studies, I have determined — and prudence dictates — that the DOH Public Health Review will require additional time to complete based on the complexity of the issues. My team and I will be in Pennsylvania and Washington in the coming days for first-hand briefings on these studies and their progress, which will assist in informing the New York review. I have also extended the term of the DOH outside expert researchers to continue to assist my review. I anticipate delivering the completed Public Health Review to you within a few weeks, along with my recommendations. From the inception of this process, the Governor's instruction has been to let the science determine the outcome. As a physician and scientist, I could not agree more. Whatever the ultimate decision on HVHF going ahead, New Yorkers can be assured that it will be pursuant to a rigorous review that takes the time to examine the relevant health issues.
Here's Martens' statement in response:
Commissioner Shah advised me today that the Public Health Review of the Supplemental Generic Environmental Impact Statement (SGEIS) of high-volume hydraulic fracturing is still on-going. The Department of Health's (DOH) Public Health Review, which was undertaken at my request, is important to our consideration of high-volume hydraulic fracturing and I will not issue a final SGEIS until that review is complete and I have received Dr. Shah's recommendations. He has indicated he expects his review to be complete in a few weeks after he has had an opportunity to review recent studies underway which are pertinent to the evaluation of high-volume hydraulic fracturing impacts on public health. The previously proposed high-volume hydraulic fracturing regulations cannot be finalized until the SGEIS is complete. However, this does not mean that the issuance of permits for high-volume hydraulic fracturing would be delayed. If the DOH Public Health Review finds that the SGEIS has adequately addressed health concerns, and I adopt the SGEIS on that basis, DEC can accept and process high-volume hydraulic fracturing permit applications 10 days after issuance of the SGEIS. The regulations simply codify the program requirements. If, on the other hand, the DOH review finds that there is a public health concern that has not been assessed in the SGEIS or properly mitigated, we would not proceed, as I have stated in the past. In either event, the science, not emotion, will determine the outcome.
Here's the full letter:
Shah Letter to Martens by
Update: Here are statements from advocates on either side of the issue:
From state Petroleum Council Executive Director Karen Moreau:
“For more than four years, the State has kept the Southern Tier waiting for an answer to the economic struggles that have caused people to leave, family farms to go under and small businesses to go bankrupt. Natural gas development has proven to be part of the solution for states across the country, but New Yorkers continue to be forced to wait. “A comprehensive set of existing industry best practices and state regulations have proven effective in the safe use of the hydraulic fracturing process for more than 60 years and in over a million wells. Every aspect of exploration and production is guided by a straightforward written framework for sound operations. The combination of hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling are proven technologies that provide environmental benefits because fewer wells are drilled, there is a smaller footprint, recovery is optimized, there is less produced water, less drilling waste, and – for hydraulic fracturing – protection of groundwater resources. “Given the DEC Commissioner's assurances that this delay will not mean delays for issuing permits, we respect the administration's need to finish this last study and finally come to resolution. We also know that it can and must end with a decision to move forward with creating jobs in the Southern Tier. The clock is ticking. It's time for action. It's time for safe natural gas development.”
From biologist Sandra Steingraber of New Yorkers Against Fracking:
“Commissioner Shah is correct that the state needs to take the time to do a comprehensive study of the health effects of fracking to protect the public health,” said biologist Sandra Steingraber, an advisory committee member of New Yorkers Against Fracking. “As he notes, no comprehensive studies have been done to date and New York must do so before making a decision about fracking. We are confident that such a review will show that the costs of fracking in terms of public health are unacceptable. Commissioner Shah has indicated how important it is to do this right, which means bringing the public and New York State health experts into this process.”
From Katherine Nadeau, Water & Natural Resources Program Director for Environmental Advocates:
President Obama yesterday outlined measures to trim spending on federal health programs for the elderly and the poor by an additional $313 billion over the next decade, bringing his total proposed savings close to the amount necessary to cover the cost of his signature health-care plan, a top adviser said.
In his weekly radio address, Obama proposed limiting the growth of Medicare fee-for-service payments, taking hospitals and other health-care providers at their word that they will reduce costs. He also proposed cutting subsidies to hospitals that treat uninsured patients on the theory that such payments will decline as more people are covered through his plan.
The president also called for reducing payments to drug companies that serve Medicare recipients. Advisers declined to release details, saying the idea is still under discussion.
"These savings underscore the fact that securing quality, affordable health care for the American people is tied directly to insisting upon fiscal responsibility," Obama said. "And these savings are rooted in the same principle that must guide our broader approach to reform: We will fix what's broken, while building upon what works."
Obama and his senior advisers have identified rising health-care costs as the biggest long-term drag on the federal budget, mainly because of the sharply escalating costs of the Medicare and Medicaid programs. He has said that reining in health-care costs is the key to reducing the deficit and has vowed that his plans for reform will require no additional borrowing.
The radio address capped a week during which Obama emphasized in and away from Washington the importance of health-care reform. He held a town hall forum in Green Bay, Wis., on Thursday, and he asked that this fall, congressional leaders send him legislation extending health insurance to the 47 million Americans without it. As he said in his radio message yesterday, "I know some question whether we can afford to act this year. But the unmistakable truth is that it would be irresponsible to not act."
His offer of new spending cuts comes against a backdrop of public concern over the nation's fiscal health and long-term spending plans that even he has acknowledged would lead to "unsustainable" deficits. His 10-year budget would shrink the $1.3 trillion annual deficit left by the Bush administration before allowing it to widen again in its final years.
By requiring cuts in federal payments to health providers, the measures would go a long way toward ensuring that innovations produce savings for the federal government and restrain runaway growth in spending on Medicare and Medicaid.
Congressional budget analysts agree that the approach will save money, and the Senate Finance Committee has included two of Obama's biggest money-saving ideas on a list of financing strategies.
"We are examining a wide range of options as we work with the president to craft bipartisan legislation that can become law this year," Sen. Max Baucus (D-Mont.), the Finance Committee chairman, said yesterday in a statement. He applauded Obama's "commitment to our shared goals of lowering health care costs and ensuring quality, affordable care for all Americans."
But many lawmakers are not enthusiastic about slashing payments to hospitals and other providers without clear evidence that the cuts will not hurt patients back home. Even small cuts on the Senate Finance Committee list have provoked widespread grumbling.
Aides in the Senate Finance and House Ways and Means committees, whose members are working to draft health reform financing plans, said yesterday that Obama's new proposals would "raise some hackles" and spur "some pushback."
For many people, faith plays an important role in their response to crises. But their spiritual responses vary according to their faith traditions which have different ways of coping with stress. But you won't hear about that on Fox News which is the one true media outlet for the Catholic Church - a church that, according to Roger Ailes, needs defending. Last Sunday, Fox's one true priest, Fr. Jonathan Morris, who is leaving his cushy gig at Old St. Patrick's Cathedral for another cushy gig at Columbia U where he will "broaden his ministry," used the San Francisco plane crash to push the power of prayer which he plugged after the Newtown tragedy. (Adam Lanza needed god). And as he did with his heartwarming anecdote about crashing airport security for a good cause, he provided another personal story which, just coincidentally, fit with the meme that even godless people turn to "God" when they're scared. Tucker Carlson, a paragon of deep spirituality, was very impressed and wasn't afraid to make a joyful noise!
Tucker Carlson, a devout Christian who claims that the Episcopal Church is run by "pompous, blowhard, pagan creeps" (substitute Anglican for pagan and you have a description of Carlson!), began with the prognostication that "passengers on the Asiana airline flight that crashed may have turned to prayer just seconds before their plane wnet down, I bet they did." (One assumes that many of the passengers were Buddhists who don't have a tradition of begging to a bearded guy in the sky but this is Fox & Friends...) Alisyn Camerota asked "why is it so important to turn to faith during a crisis and how can we use our faith to help us feel safe flying in the future?" (Interesting phrase as it establishes, as fact, the importance of "faith.")
To Camerota's question of why we shouldn't be afraid, given the reality of flying, Fr. Morris said that the reality is that so many were saved. The Fox chyron was pure Fox Sunday School: "Power of Prayer, Turning to Faith Can Calm During Emergencies." He asserted that "there are lots of prayers of thanksgiving coming from all those passengers..." (Many of the passengers were Chinese who, as a society, are not religious)
After preaching about how in times of crisis and times of joy, Americans "turn to prayer," Morris treated us to one of his patented anecdotes. He recounted how, during a recent flight, he was seated next to an agnostic during a period of extreme turbulence. Camerota "joked?" "God was mad at her." Fr. Morris got into full drama mode. With his best jazz hands he said "as we dropped 500 feet suddenly, she grabbed my hand and then she said 'would you mind praying." Carlson shouted "yeeess!!!! because it reminds you that you're not in control of of your life." (Right, Tucker, as they say, "shit happens" that, sorry, has nothing to do with a late Bronze Age deity.) He spoke of how when you fly there's "no pretending" that there is control.
Morris claimed that he wasn't belittling this woman but "in that moment she did feel, like you said Tucker, like she was out of control." His baby blue's widened as he said "I don't know if she became a believer in that moment, but she was certainly praying a prayer of gratitude when we landed safely." (And you know that how, padre?)
Clayton Morris mentioned the casualties of the crash and how you need to "go to your faith to find answers" to why some people survive these situations and some don't." Fr. Morris didn't know why this happends but opined that he didn't think that "God did it to them." He blithered about how we thank God for good airline staff and the importance of "faith and reason." He preached that we "can thank God for mystery of life and being able to get through these very tough times." When he said he didn't have a perfect answer, Carlson interjected "no one does."
It would appear that Roger Ailes is interested in "bringing in the sheaves" but in this case it's more like bringing in the sheep cuz "reason" is part of any Fox & Friends Sunday's with Fr. Morris!
The April jobs report came as welcome news, largely because it showed that job growth had been stronger in February and March than initial estimates showed. The evidence for a so-called spring swoon no longer looks very good.
But it would be a mistake to overstate the strength of the report. Activity in the job market still does not seem to be accelerating.
Binyamin Appelbaum points out in another post that the share of Americans with jobs has remained largely unchanged. Those numbers are based on the survey of households that the Labor Department conducts each month. A second Labor Department survey — of businesses, which is larger and covers more jobs — carries the same message.
Photo
For the last year and a half, average 12-month employment growth has hovered around 1.6 percent, precisely where it was in the 12 months ending in April. That's faster than most of the last 12 years, which included two recessions and a mediocre recovery. But it's far cry from the growth rates of between 2 percent and 3 percent, and briefly above 3 percent, in the mid- to late 1990s.
After providing details on the first major DLC update for Tom Clancy's: The Division earlier this week, which is scheduled to add the first Incursion map to the game, Ubisoft is now slowly giving players more information on the upcoming mode.
Launching across all platforms next Tuesday as part of The Division‘s 1.1 Title update, Incursions are intended to test users by providing some of the most difficult content found in the game to date. In order to help fans prepare for next week's launch of this new cooperative mode, Ubisoft has now shown off a set of teaser images on their official blog that offer players their first glimpse of The Division‘s Falcon Lost Incursion.
The Falcon Lost Incursion map [Image via The Division] As gamers can see from the first set of screenshots, the upcoming mode will place participants inside a large interior map. Along with the visual confirmation provided by the early images, Ubisoft has also revealed that The Division‘s first Incursion will throw users up against the well-trained soldiers of the title's Last Man Battalion faction.
“The Division's Incursions DLC arrives as part of a free update on April 12, opening up new endgame content that includes ability-granting gear sets, loot trading, daily challenges, and much more. The centerpiece of the expansion is The Division's first incursion, Falcon Lost, which will test the limits of your squad's toughness and coordination in a knock-down, drag-out battle with the Last Man Battalion.”
Ubisoft mentioned during their weekly state of the game stream for Tom Clancy's: The Division, that one of the things that will make the Falcon Lost Incursion so difficult is that players will have to work together to take down an enemy Armored Personnel Carrier. Ahead of Update 1.1, Ubisoft has now unveiled an early look at the difficult APC boss. While it can be hard to spot, the tank-like vehicle can be seen in the background of one of the newly released images.
The APC Tank can be found in The Division's first Incursion [Image via The Division] While fans can already push their skills to the limits by taking on one of the many Challenging Mode maps in Tom Clancy's: The Division, Incursions are meant to offer a new kind of difficult end-game content. Pushing beyond what gamers already experience while playing Challenging matches, The Falcon Lost Incursion will feature new gameplay mechanics that should help separate the new mode from existing content.
Gamers can get some idea about how difficult The Division‘s Incursions will be after learning that several members of the development team have yet to successfully complete a single match of the new mode. VG/247 reports that even lead designer Matthias Karlson recently admitted that he hasn't been able to beat the Falcon Lost Incursion.
Find out all the changes implemented on April 12 with update 1.1 in our latest Patch Notes https://t.co/MIJ5EsNQGJ pic.twitter.com/ldj5aoPIpk — The Division (@TheDivisionGame) April 5, 2016
Title Update 1.1 for Tom Clancy's: The Division will introduce plenty of other content in addition to the release of the Falcon Lost Incursion Mode. When the new patch goes live following Tuesday's weekly maintenance, fans will be able to enjoy plenty of new features such as trading and gear sets. New daily assignments will also be available to provide users with rewards for completing various objectives and the dangerous Dark Zone map will receive periodic supply drops full of highly sought after equipment.
“You'll be able to get a much closer look at Falcon Lost on April 12, provided you and your squad are at level 30 and have beefy-enough gear to give you a shot at survival. And until then, the daily challenges and other tweaks, detailed here, will offer plenty more to do.”
As The Inquisitir reported last week, next week's update will also finally offer a fix to a bug that caused certain players to be unable to load the game after crafting a high-end backpack blueprint. Not only will the patch prevent the issue from happening in the future, but those who have been locked out of the game should be able to jump back into The Division on Tuesday.
Do you plan on trying out The Division‘s upcoming Incursion Mode as soon as is coming out or will you try to get better gear in order to be more prepared for the challenge?
[Image via The Division]
DESPITE OUTSHOOTING HEAT BY 29, HOGS FALL Tweet Photo by Todd Reicher 04/04/2014 9:00 AM Article By: Mike Peck Rockford drops 6-3 game in Abbotsford
Abbotsford, B.C.- A season-high 48 shots on goal and outshooting the Abbotsford Heat by 29 wasn't enough to lift the Rockford IceHogs on Friday as they dropped a 6-3 decision at the Abbotsford Entertainment and Sports Centre.
Opportunistic scoring by the Heat, capitalizing on Rockford miscues in the defensive zone, sunk the IceHogs on a night where the Hogs had an opportunity to strengthen their playoff positioning. Rockford outshot the Heat 48-19 in the contest and controlled the pace for nearly the entire 60 minutes.
Rockford struck first on Friday night with Mark McNeill's 17th goal of the season. McNeill picked up an Alex Broadhurst pass and in transition, cut in front of Joni Ortio from the left wing and tucked in the marker 3:05 into the contest. Klas Dahlbeck also figured in on the goal with an assist.
Even though Rockford carried the play for the first half of the first period, the Heat tied the game later in the frame. Tim Miller cleaned up a Dean Arsene rebound at 11:25 to make it 1-1.
Abbotsford converted on their first power play attempt of the game to grab the 2-1 advantage. A double tipped puck beat Jason LaBarbera at 16:40 as Sven Baertschi got a piece of a Max Reinhart shot before it was deflected again by Corbin Knight into the net.
Knight later pounced on a loose puck after a Rockford turnover for his second of the frame at 18:04 making it 3-1 at the first intermission despite the IceHogs outshooting the Heat 18-10.
In the second period, the IceHogs quickly made it a one goal game. Terry Broadhurst spotted his brother Alex behind the Abbotsford goal and Alex wrapped in his 14th goal of the season 49-seconds into the stanza to make it a 3-2 game.
But another defensive miscue chased LaBarbera from the game later in the period, restoring Abbotsford's two goal lead. After a Rockford face-off win, Wade Brookbank coughed up a puck behind the IceHogs goal and Knight completed his hat trick at 7:28, flipping in the loose puck.
Baertschi stretched the Heat lead to 5-2 at 13:49 of the second period. The winger's centering pass was deflected off of an IceHogs stick and past Kent Simpson and Baertschi was given credit for his 11th goal of the season.
The IceHogs, however, shrank their deficit back to a pair with a power play goal. Adam Clendening's point blast beat a screened Ortio at 16:12 for his 11th marker of the year, making it a 5-3 game at the second intermission.
Rockford outshot the Heat 16-4 in the second period and 14-4 in the third frame but couldn't get any closer. The game was iced at 19:18 of the third when Baertschi dumped his 12th goal of the season into an empty Rockford goal.
Next Home Game: Friday, April 11 against the Milwaukee Admirals. The puck will drop at 7 p.m. as these two Midwest Division rivals meet got the last time at the BMO and last time on the regular season.
SEATTLE, WA - Seattle Councilwoman Kshama Sawant on Monday introduced, and the full Council eventually passed, a resolution urging Washington's two senators to support a medicare-for-all bill in front of the U.S. Senate. Vermont U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders introduced the bill last Wednesday, but it only has the support of about 16 Senators, and U.S. Sens. Maria Cantwell and Patty Murray are not among them.
Sawant's resolution calls out the two Senators directly, asking them to sign on to co-sponsor Sanders' medicare-for-all bill, which is essentially a single-payer healthcare system.
Both Murray and Cantwell have responded to the medicare-for-all option, but seem to brush off Sanders' bill as "part of the conversation" rather than a solution to burdensome healthcare costs.
"I look forward to continuing my work with Senator Sanders and others to find the best solution that covers everybody and is cost effective," Cantwell has said.
"I am really glad that Senator Sanders is introducing this bill," Murray has said. "[B]ut I am also excited about the great ideas that so many Democrats have to keep us moving toward the goal of healthcare for all - and this bill should absolutely be a big part of the conversation and something every Senator should look at seriously."
Earlier this year, U.S. Rep. John Conyers, D-Detroit, introduced a single-payer bill in the House (as he does every year), which U.S. Reps. Pramila Jayapal, D-Seattle, and Adam Smith, D-Renton, both cosponsored. That bill, however, has not moved since it was referred to a House committee in February.
Image via City of Seattle
My step-sister and I were sharing a bottle of wine on the balcony of a Royal Caribbean cruise ship this winter when I saw my first shooting star. It was bright green, and it was glorious. I allowed myself to become irrationally excited, for the shooting star is a somewhat common natural phenomena that had somehow avoided my person for nearly two-and-a-half decades. Over the course of the next 45 minutes or so, we saw about a dozen more regular shooting stars. I suppose they're a bit easier to spot when you're in the middle of the sea, free from the light pollution of civilization, and also the regular old chemical pollution, too. A few weeks back, I saw another shooting star while driving home from work. In the middle of Ohio. Sometimes, that thing you perceive to be special turns out to be not so special after all.
But that's not the case for this triple play turned by the White Sox last week! No sirree!
Your browser does not support iframes.
That's the ol' 9-3-2-6-2-5 triple play. You shouldn't be surprised to learn it's the first of its type in recorded history. And when I say “recorded history,” both now and throughout the rest of this post, I'm talking about since 1974, the furthest date back for which we have complete event data.
And so down I went, into the rabbit hole. With data provided by Jeff Zimmerman and independently verified and updated by yours truly with the help of the Baseball Reference Play Index and SABR's triple-play database, I found myself with a spreadsheet of all 161 recorded triple plays since 1974 and each putout, in order. The first question I asked myself after “Was that White Sox triple play the first 9-3-2 triple play ever?” (answer: yes) was, “Well then, smarty pants, what's the frequency of all the different triple-play combinations?”
It's this:
Most Common Triple-Play Sequences Type Count 5-4-3 54 6-4-3 11 4-6-3 7 4-3-2 5 6-6-3 4 Seven tied with 3 Eight tied with 2 28 tied with 1
One-third of all the triple plays in recorded history have been the of the boring, traditional around-the-horn variety:
Another 11 were variants of that, except with the ball in play being caught on a line, instead of fielded off the ground:
These triple plays suck. A lot of triple plays suck! Most triple plays are like those dozen shooting stars my step-sister and I saw after we'd already seen the first one. Unoriginal. Uninspiring. But every now and then, something new happens, like that first, brilliant, green shooting star, and it reminds you why you're looking up at the sky in the first place.
These are the triple plays that had me interested. The ones that have only happened once. The ones that will never happen again. The ones that haven't happened yet, but are bound to in the future. Let's think about those for a minute.
Not happening again
The first one-time triple play I want to talk about happened in 1979. It's not even that I want to talk about it — I need to talk about it. Of the 28 unique triple plays that have occurred in the last 40-plus years, it's the one I'm most confident will never happen again. The line read: 5*-8*-6-8* with the asterisks indicating the fielders who recorded the put-outs. It's the only triple play in recorded history where an outfielder recorded the final out. The batter, Johnny Grubb, hit a “shallow fly ball” caught by the third baseman, Wayne Gross, for the first out. I'm guessing it was a spectacular play made in shallow left field that the runners on first and second thought would never be made. The center fielder, Tony Armas, had come in from center to cover second base, which leads me to believe the shortstop had left the infield in an effort to go after the ball in play (?), and the second baseman was doing God knows what. In any case, Gross throws to Armas, standing at second, to double off the first runner, who engages in a quick game of pickle with the shortstop (back in the infield now?) before getting the ball back and tagging out the runner from first himself. I don't know, man.
Probably never happening again
The 9*-4-3*-5*. I will say, I'm surprised at how few recorded triple plays have started with an outfielder — just 19 of 161. Of course, it's easier for an infielder to start a triple play, but all that needs to happen is for an outfielder to make an amazing catch (probably without going back on the ball) that two base-runners never thought he'd make, and it should be an easy triple play. That being said, I doubt the 9-3-5 ever happens again, and certainly not in the way this one happened. In 1980, Duffy Dyer hit a line drive directly at Harold Baines, who caught the ball but had it fall out of his glove. The umpire still ruled it a catch, however, which made doubling Lou Whitaker off first and tripling Jim Lentine off third exceptionally easy. The 1-6*-2-5-1*-4*. These are more fun when you try and figure out what happened on your own. I had to do it for a couple hours the other night, so now you've got to do it, too. Any triple play that involves a pickle skyrockets the improbability of it ever happening again. Not too often a pitcher records the middle out in a triple play. This one:
Your browser does not support iframes.
What's never happened, but will
As I previously mentioned, the shortage of triple plays that start with the outfielder was surprising to me, so there are plenty of outfield-first combinations that haven't yet happened, like 9-4-5, 7-6-3, 7-5-4 and others that seem bound to happen eventually. Beyond that, I've got a couple other ideas of triple plays that stay in the infield that I want to see happen for the first time in recorded history. The one I've gotten myself really excited about is the unassisted catcher triple play, although severely tempering my excitement is the realization that I don't think it can happen without an injury to the batter. So instead of an injury to the batter, let's say he lets his blood sugar get real low and he passes out as a result. No physical harm, and he's feeling better within the hour. I'm comfortable with that. So, here's how it happens: bases loaded, no outs. Batter at the plate hits a real weak tapper in front of home, so weak that the catcher only has to take a couple steps in front of the plate to grab it, turn, and step on home for the force. One out. Meanwhile, that batter with the low blood sugar, he gets a little less than halfway down the line before he passes out. He's far enough down the line to where the catcher still has to take a few steps to get there, but not far enough to where it requires a throw to the first baseman. The catcher makes his way over to the passed-out batter and tags him for the second out. Meanwhile, because the catcher is so unprepared for this particular situation, he loses track of the runner who started the play at second and has now rounded third with a head of steam toward home. The catcher races him back to home plate, dives, and tags him for the third out. Boom. Unassisted catcher triple play. Get the batter some Gatorade. The 5-5-4. I think the shift makes this one very possible. All it takes is runners on second and third with a right-handed batter at the plate who's being shifted. Batter hits a line drive right at the third baseman who's already hugging the bag, he catches it for out number one, steps on third for out number two and doubles off the runner at second for out number three. This could alternatively be 5-5-6. I'm surprised either one hasn't happened, and if I had to bet on which never-before-seen triple play is the next to go down, this would be my bet.
I've had some fun with triple plays. I uploaded the spreadsheet I used for this post to my Google Drive, so you can, too. Find your own shooting star.
The top floor of the William J. Clinton Presidential Library and Museum is dominated by a 5,000-square-foot private residence that is strictly off limits to the public.
The apartment atop the 153,779-square-foot library is for the exclusive use of the Clinton family and looks out over the Arkansas River and the city of Little Rock, Ark.
The “executive suite,” as it is called in city records, was completed at the same time as the $165 million library in November 2004.
In 2007, Bill Clinton commissioned a 14,000-square-foot garden on the roof of the modern glass building. It surrounds the penthouse and features 90 species of plants — including yellow roses, a favorite of his mom, Virginia Kelley.
When the size of Clinton's private playground came under scrutiny in 2001, Tom Carpenter, an attorney for Little Rock, said most of the penthouse was devoted to office space and a conference room, with 2,000 square feet of private living space.
Clinton isn't the only former president to include a residence in his library. George H.W. Bush's library at Texas A&M University in College Station and Jimmy Carter's in Atlanta both have them.
Content originally published at iBankCoin.com
The U.S. Marine who discovered smashed hard drives and other electronics in the garage of a rented home owned by indicted DNC IT staffer Imran Awan is outraged over claims of ‘Islamophobia' from Debbie Wasserman Schultz.
Andre Taggart turned the damaged equipment over to the FBI, which is investigating the former Wasserman Schultz employee for a variety of suspected crimes, including procurement fraud, violations of the congressional IT network, and using an off-site server to divert data.
When former DNC chairman Schultz claimed that U.S. Capitol Police are only investigating a ‘persecuted' Awan due to Islamophobia, Taggart - a Democrat, called BS and decided to speak up.
Via the Daily Caller:
Taggart told The Daily Caller News Foundation's Investigative Group Wednesday that “it was amazing” that Wasserman Schultz, a Florida Democrat, describes Imran as a victim of religious discrimination by law enforcement. Taggart rented the Northern Virginia home of Awan, who had frantically moved out after learning authorities were onto him.
“It pisses me off,” said Taggart, a black Marine who says he votes Democrat. He believes Wasserman Schultz is crying wolf and devaluing the meaning of genuine discrimination, while also exposing herself and the nation to risks.
The day after the Daily Caller reported that Taggart had found and turned over the damaged equipment to the FBI in July, Imran attempted to flee the country, only to be arrested by the FBI at Dulles International Airport. The Awans had transferred and smuggled nearly $300,000 out of the U.S. before Imran's arrest.
Taggart's identity was originally withheld when the Daily Caller broke the story about the smashed hard drives in July, however the Democrat marine said he made the decision to come forward because he is concerned that ‘fellow Democrats are making a grave mistake by ignoring a scandal with serious criminal and national security implications,' reports TheDCNF.
“I'm absolutely disgusted with everything going on in the country right now, mostly because of right-wing conservatives, but with respect to this situation, political affiliation is irrelevant,” said Taggart.
In addition to the four counts of fraud in relation to a Home Equity Line of Credit Imran Awan and his wife fraudulently applied for and subsequently sent to Pakistan, the Awans are suspected of a variety of other offenses – up to and including sending classified information to foreign enemies of the United States.
“Him, his wife, his brother, all working down there — there's no way they could do this without help. If we can drag Trump and his wingnuts through the mud for the Russia influence that they are having, then it's only fair that we also expose this s–t,” said Taggart.
Lawsuit!?
When Imran Awan discovered that Taggart was holding onto the damaged equipment from his rented garage, he threatened to sue to get it back. Awan also listed the house for sale right after signing a multi-year lease.
“They took advantage of us,” said Taggart.
Awan relative Syed Ahmed told The Daily Mail “for the sake of money they would have done anything… [Imran] might have been selling this information.”
Both Judge Napolitano and Lt. Colonel Tony Shaffer have said that their intel sources believe the Awans were spying on congress and selling information:
To follow the latest on the Awan saga, follow Luke Rosiak at the Daily Caller and investigator George Webb.
Follow on Twitter @ZeroPointNow § Subscribe to our YouTube channel
Wigley Returns
Tuesday 30 June 2015 14:30
The Club is delighted to announce the return of Steve Wigley to Fulham as Under-18s Manager.
Steve initially joined the Club in the summer of 2012 and enjoyed marvellous success during his first season in the role as Fulham U18s won both the Dallas Cup and the Barclays U18 Premier League titles.
The following campaign, he led a new group of youngsters to the Final of the FA Youth Cup for the first time in the Club's history, where we narrowly lost out to local rivals Chelsea 7-6 across two legs.
During his first spell as Under-18s Manager, Steve oversaw the development of the likes of Cauley Woodrow, George Williams, Emerson Hyndman, Moussa Dembélé and Patrick Roberts.
He departed the Club in May 2014 to take up an assistant manager role alongside Stuart Pearce at Nottingham Forest – his first professional club. He had previously worked alongside Pearce with England Under-21s, while the pair also took charge of the full national team in a friendly defeat against the Netherlands in February 2012.
Wigley's playing career saw him take in spells at Forest, Sheffield United, Birmingham City, Portsmouth and Exeter City. Upon retiring from the game he has undertaken management roles with Aldershot Town and Southampton, as well as coaching positions at Manchester City, Bolton Wanderers, Hull City and Bristol City.
Earlier Steve Wigley said: “I am delighted to return to Fulham and look forward to the exciting challenges ahead with the Under-18s. I thoroughly enjoyed my time here previously and only left to take up an opportunity that was too exciting to turn down and which has proved to be been an incredibly valuable learning experience for me.
“Fulham is a great club with a fantastic crop of young talent who I'm really keen to work with, so I'm looking forward to seeing some old friends again and getting out on the training pitch with the young lads and hopefully replicating some of the successes we saw previously.”
In recent years we have seen angry minds at work mainly among extreme right-wingers, who have now demonstrated in the Goldwater movement how much political leverage can be got out of the animosities and passions of a small minority. But behind this I believe there is a style of mind that is far from new and that is not necessarily right-wind.
Richard Hofstadter, professor of American history at Columbia University, a leading public intellectual in American politics, and conservative political analyst, wrote the quote above. He is often quoted by strands of neoconservative most popularized by Allan Bloom. He lost two appoints to major universities because “he was too Jewish.” I think he knows receives lukewarm welcome in the academic community, even though he is now recognized as one of the most insightful political commentators of the twentieth century. He may be best known for his books, Anti-Intellectualism in America and The Age of Reform.
He wrote an essay that I highly recommend to everyone, The Paranoid Style in American Politics. He tracks what he sees is central to American political history–“the sense of heated exaggeration, suspiciousness, and conspiratorial fantasy”–to foundation of America. He takes liberal literary flourishes, and could be tamed more, but the historical resources of the essay should reveal that health care protesters are not the extreme fringes of our society but apart of a greater tradition, a tradition that we forget about.
One infamous personae is John McCarthy a man who, according to Richard Rovere,
held two presidents captive–or as nearly captive as any Presidents of the United States have ever been held; in their conduct of the nation's affairs, Harry Truman and Dwight Eisenhower, from early 150 trhough late 1954, could never act without weighing the effect of their plans upon McCarthy and the forces he led, and in consequence there were times when they could not act at all.
McCarthy, having ushered in a new fear of radicals, is known for forging an alliance between traditional conservativism and radical agrarians. Michael Rogin shows in his book The Intellectuals and McCarthy that there is no empirical evidence to suggest radical agrarians supported McCarthy–the same radical agrarians that are supporting the current mob violence and agonistic hate wishes.
I'd ask could it be that their own radicalism in not necessarily in line with corporate interests and these radicals are using this an opportunity to build political capital for their own interests?
Regardless whether anyone has an answer for this question, I recommend Hofstadter's essay as well as Thomas Frank's books, What's The Matter with Kansas? and One Market Under God.
P.S. I won't be linking back to any Amazon Web sites in protest of their censorship. For more on their censorship practices, check out my previous posts here and here.
Advertisements
Musicians Ronnie Wood, Mick Jagger, Keith Richards and Charlie Watts of The Rolling Stones perform onstage during Desert Trip at The Empire Polo Club on October 7, 2016 in Indio, California. (Photo: Kevin Mazur, Getty Images for Desert Trip)
The Rolling Stones were midway through rocking the cross-generational masses at Empire Polo Club on the opening day of Desert Trip, a music festival bringing together no fewer than six of the most iconic figures in the history of rock and roll, when Mick Jagger playfully welcomed the crowd to "the Palm Springs retirement home for genteel musicians."
It was a brilliantly Jaggeresque nod and a wink to the snarky re-branding of Desert Trip on social media and elsewhere as Oldchella. And then he went back to doing what he does best every time he takes the boys back on the road – proving that time, as it turns out, is still on their side.
Let's face it, if you need your Rolling Stones to look the way they did in 1968 – or even in the video to "Miss You" 10 years later – that's not gonna happen, nor is it a realistic expectation. They look older now, from the lines in their faces to Keith Richards' mess of white hair sprouting from the top of that unflattering bandana, although Jagger at 73 should be an inspiration to us all that there are things called gyms that you can go to and maybe still not be as fit as he is but it couldn't hurt to try.
He worked the stage like the Jagger of legend and sounded amazing from the time they hit the stage to the opening riff of "Start Me Up." The reason these guys get away with labeling themselves the World's Greatest Rock and Roll Band is because the cockiness it takes to run with that informs their every move. That's why it feels like such a quintessential rock and roll experience. They own that stage because they know they do. And it translates to the back rows of the biggest venues.
The Stones are down to four core members as they have been since Bill Wyman left the fold. Three originals – Jagger, Richards, drummer Charlie Watts – are joined by Ronnie Wood, the newest member of the inner circle, who signed on just in time to play on 1975's "Black and Blue." But they've assembled a stellar assortment of backing musicians through the years, including Darryl Jones on bass to Chuck Leavell on keyboards and percussion, Matt Clifford on keyboards, Tim Ries and Karl Denson on saxophone, Bernard Fowler on backing vocals and percussion and Sasha Allen on backing vocals.
The Rolling Stones perform at Desert Trip, October 7, 2016. (Photo: Jay Calderon/The Desert Sun)
The auxiliary players allowed them to flesh out the songs in a way that recaptured the essence and much of the sound of the studio recordings, while the two guitarists did their best to keep it loose and sloppy. It's that combination of this well-rehearsed, professional ensemble playing and a hint of total chaos at the core that makes it what it is. And what it is, is just amazing.
After four decades of playing together, Keith and Ronnie have a chemistry that's pretty much unrivaled in the history of rock and roll, each taking his turn in the spotlight while otherwise bobbing and weaving around each other's parts like drunken sailors, finishing each other's thoughts, occasionally not quite gelling in the best way possible. They're perfect for each other, really.
They slipped in a song from their forthcoming album of blues covers, "Ride 'Em On Down" by Eddie Taylor, and sent one out to Paul McCartney, who was in the house and loving it, with the Beatles' "Come Together." That's the first time they have ever played that Beatles cover live, which makes it exactly the sort of historic performance you're hoping to see at a concert of this magnitude. And watching McCartney watching them perform it from where I was sitting made it that much more historic for the people in my section.
Their version was extremely faithful to the "Abbey Road" original, if somewhat funkier, with Jagger adding blues harp to the mix. And Jagger introduced it in his own inimitable fashion. "We're gonna do a cover song," he said, "of some sort of unknown beat group that you might remember. We're gonna try one of their tunes. Are you ready?"
Other than that and one instance of Richards slowing it down with that "Slipping Away" song from the "Steel Wheels" album and following through with "Little T&A," the first time they've played that song since 2007, the set list put the focus squarely on the staples, relegating "(I Can Get No Satisfaction)" to the encore-closing spot, where it followed a rousing "You Can't Always Get What You Want," for which they brought in a choir without overdoing it.
In a set full of highlights, the ones that may have stood out to me included a gorgeous "Wild Horses," "It's Only Rock 'n Roll (But I Like It)," "Come Together," an awe-inspiring "Midnight Rambler," a very funky "Miss You" thanks to Jones' bass work, "Gimme Shelter" (which made the most of Allen's soulful voice), "Brown Sugar," "Jumpin' Jack Flash" and the two-song encore, which ended in fireworks.
MORE: Get the Things to Do app | Best things we saw at Desert Trip | Talking 'bout several generations of fans who were there | What to know if you go | Day 3 review: The Who rocks, Roger Waters bring theatrics | Day 2 review: Neil Young joins Paul McCartney on two classic Beatles songs
Bob Dylan, or unlike a Rolling Stone
Dylan set the tone for his performance with a recording of "Most Likely You Go Your Way and I'll Go Mine" from "Blonde on Blonde," accompanied by vintage photos. Then he stayed with that two-record triumph to kick off the set with a rollicking "Rainy Day Women #12 & 35," Dylan on piano leading his loose-limbed country-blues ensemble through a spirited performance that featured him playfully changing the words to "They'll stone you like you got hit by a truck" not once but twice (for reasons known only to Dylan).
He stayed in the '60s for "Don't Think Twice It's All Right" in an awesome arrangement that found Dylan taking liberties that clearly paid off on the phrasing. And he followed through with "Highway 61 Revisited," a performance that managed to swing even harder than "Rainy Day Women," and a pedal-steel-fueled country-rock rendition of "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue."
I cannot stress enough how brilliant a job this particular stage full of backing musicians has gotten at following Dylan's mercurial lead, with a special shout-out to the drummer, George Receli, who gets exactly how the blues-based songs in Dylan's set are meant to swing. And yes, they would still mean a thing without it, but the swing is crucial, and Receli nails it every time.
As for the singing, Dylan's voice is obviously not the instrument it was when he recorded "Blonde on Blonde." It's much lower and raspier now, to the extent that on occasion it sounds as though his vocals have been filtered through a broken speaker. But the man remains a brilliant singer, a master of phrasing whose latest albums boldly speak to that.
Given the way he's been stacking the sets on his own tour with songs made popular by Frank Sinatra, in keeping with the concept of his two most recent albums, "Shadows in the Night" and "Fallen Angels," this was clearly a nod to the festival setting.
Of course, Dylan playing a "festival set" is a markedly different experience than what the Stones would then come out to do. He didn't speak, for instance. He just played. And his habit of changing up songs in a way that would render them nearly impossible for a casual fan to recognize? Four words: "Tangled Up in Blue." It sounded great that way, but it was clearly not the same song. Likewise, "Simple Twist of Fate" was recast as the sort of song that could have fit right on those Sinatra records.
Other highlights included "Early Roman Kings" (a very bluesy taste of "Tempest"), "Lovesick," "Make You Feel My Love" and two more songs from "Highway 61 Revisited" – a devastating "Desolation Row" and a caustic "Ballad of a Thin Man," which brought the set to such a brilliant close, I can't remember when the last I enjoyed a Dylan concert more was -- maybe the time he went out with Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers?
I was still mulling that over when Dylan returned for a fiery one-song encore of "Masters of War," a fiery protest song that clearly needs no introduction but I would have loved to hear what Dylan had to say about how timely it remains.
Rolling Stones set list
Start Me Up
You Got Me Rocking
Out of Control
Ride 'Em on Down (an Eddie Taylor song from their upcoming blues album)
Mixed Emotions
Wild Horses
It's Only Rock 'n Roll (But I Like It)
Come Together
Tumbling Dice
Honky Tonk Women
Slipping Away
Little T&A
Midnight Rambler
Miss You
Gimme Shelter
Sympathy for the Devil
Brown Sugar
Jumpin' Jack Flash
ENCORE
You Can't Always Get What You Want
(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction
Bob Dylan set list
Rainy Day Women #12 & 35
Don't Think Twice It's All Right
Highway 61 Revisited
It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
High Water (for Charley Patton)
Simple Twist of Fate
Early Roman Kings
Lovesick
Tangled Up in Blue
Lonesome Day Blues
Make You Feel My Love
Pay in Blood.
Desolation Row
Soon After Midnight
Ballad of a Thin Man
ENCORE
Masters of War
MORE AZCENTRAL ON SOCIAL: Facebook | Twitter | Instagram | Pinterest
Reach the reporter at ed.masley@arizonarepublic.com or 602-444-4495. Twitter.com/EdMasley.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2dUFzjr
Germany has been seized by a national mood of morbid fascination since last week, when prosecutors arrested a man in a ghoulish case that involved the Internet, homicide and cannibalism.
The story has dominated the newspapers here for days, eclipsing reports about the dismal economy, the political travails of Chancellor Gerhard Schröder and even crippling strikes by transportation workers.
The facts of the case are beyond lurid, according to the news release from the state prosecutor in Kassel, a central German city not far from where the crime took place. (In keeping with standard German practice in homicide cases, the full names of those involved were not revealed.)
A 43-year-old microchip designer, identified as Bernd Jürgen B., sold his car and responded to an Internet advertisement, described by German newspapers as saying: ''Wanted: well-built man for slaughter.'' B. is believed to have presented himself at a dilapidated half-timbered house in the river town of Rotenburg an der Fulda that is the home of the suspect, a 41-year-old software technician identified as Armin M.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
M. surgically removed the victim's genitals, according to a prosecutor's statement, which said the two men then ate them. Later, M. stabbed B. to death as a video camera recorded the event. He carved up the victim and stored parts of the body in a freezer for occasional consumption, burying other parts in his garden.
A section of St. Joseph Boulevard has been closed in both directions after a water main break Monday caused a sinkhole on the road.
Orleans resident Isabel Lemon said she hopes the next sinkhole is not close to home. (CBC)
It happened at the corner of St. Joseph Boulevard and Edgar Brault Street at about 11:35 a.m. Monday.
Large amounts of water and a sinkhole were reported after a water main broke in the area.
St. Joseph Boulevard is closed between St. Pierre and Gabriel streets while crews make repairs. The road was expected to reopen Monday night, but councillor Stephen Blais said via Twitter the repairs would take a longer and a structural inspection was planned for the morning.
'It could have been me going down the hole'
Neighbourhood resident Isabel Lemon said the hole opened about five minutes before she arrived at the road and counts herself lucky she didn't drive into it.
Ottawa police tweeted this photo of the sinkhole at St. Joseph Boulevard and Edgar Brault Street after a water main broke. (Ottawa police)
"I was just about to leave home this morning but my husband decided to talk a bit longer and thank God to him," said Lemon.
"It could have been me going down the hole," she said.
Ottawa Public Health said drinking water was not compromised and that they would not be issuing a boil water advisory.
Pipe installed in 1975
Dixon Weir, the city's general manager of environmental services, said this stretch of water main was installed in 1975 and was scheduled to be assessed.
"This was on our priority list, it was one of the sections of pipe we were planning to carry out an assessment of conditions on, but unfortunately this break has preceded that," said Weir.
Tamra Judge is staying put. Despite attempts by her Real Housewives of Orange County costars Vicki Gunvalson and Kelly Dodd to have Judge booted from the long-running reality show, multiple sources confirm to Us Weekly the 49-year-old will be back for season 12.
While Judge has not officially confirmed her return for next season, she let her Mother Trucker hat do the talking in a Monday, January 23, Instagram post that featured a photo of the "#HOUSEWIFE" hat with her own hashtag, "#stillahousewife."
?? #housewife #yes A post shared by Tamra Judge (@tamrajudge) on Jan 23, 2017 at 2:44pm PST
In November, a source told Us Weekly that Gunvalson and Dodd hoped Judge would not return for the upcoming 12th season. The duo were at war with Judge, who has accused Gunvalson of being in on ex-boyfriend Brooks Ayers' cancer claims, which the cast now believes are false. The insurance maven, an 11-year vet of the show, also stirred up drama last season by repeating rumors about Judge's husband, Eddie Judge, being gay.
At the time, the source explained, "The more Housewives dislike someone, the more producers want to keep them.”
Judge's hat on January 23 suggests she plans to stick around — and this isn't the first time she's let an accessory speak for her. Earlier this year, she posted a photo of her strong arms as she wore another Mother Trucker hat that read "#FITMOM."
Trying to get my biceps back after surgery on my arm ??. A post shared by Tamra Judge (@tamrajudge) on Jan 19, 2017 at 9:52am PST
Bravo has no comment on casting news for season 12.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
When Nico Siragusa entered the world on May 10, 1994, the delivery room nurse held him up and gasped, "Oh ... my ... Lord!"
Born three weeks early, the baby measured 23-1/2 inches and weighed 10 pounds.
"He came out like he'd been in a Gold's Gym in the womb," Ramon Siragusa said of his son. "He was huge."
Still is. A guard and the Ravens' fourth-round pick in last month's NFL draft, Siragusa stands 6-feet-4 and weighs 318 pounds. He has hands that can palm a basketball, feet the size of hash marks and a smile as wide as a crossbar.
It's a smile born of strife and sorrow. Siragusa's older sister, Angel, who was born deaf, with hydrocephalus and a weakened immune system, died at age 13 — on her brother's first birthday. His father, a diabetic, spent nine years on dialysis while waiting for a kidney transplant. Their trials taught Siragusa the tenets of life.
"I didn't get to see Angel, with her struggles, but I did watch my dad, and it helped me cement my values," he said. "That's why I'm always smiling, because you never know when life could be taken away from you."
That he'd be a Raven was a given. Growing up around San Diego, he and his family lived for awhile on Baltimore Drive. At San Diego State, teammates called him "Goose," after Tony Siragusa, the former Raven lineman who may or may not be distant kin. And the day he was drafted, his parents told him that Angel's favorite color had been purple.
"That's amazing," said Siragusa, who has an angel tattooed on his left forearm. "She's watched over me all my life. She's my guardian Angel."
A third-team AP All American, he was the 122nd player selected and the Ravens' first pick on offense. A plowhorse up front, Siragusa is expected to punch holes for runners, as he did at San Diego State for Donnel Pumphrey, who led the nation in rushing (2,133 yards) last year. His low center of gravity ("I have a really big butt") helps him move mountains up front.
The Aztecs didn't throw much, so his pass protection skills, NFL pundits say, are a work in progress.
"See, I don't get that," Siragusa said. "I gave up only three [quarterback] pressures and one sack in college. I don't know where [the criticism] is coming from, but I've been showing people all my life what I can do, and I can't wait to do it again."
As a kid, he was singled out for his build. By kindergarten, he was wearing men's shoes (size 6). At age 8, he played one year of rec football, with older boys, then begged off. Bad fit.
"Nico was playing with Pokémon Cards while the 12-year-olds talked about girls," Ramon Siragusa said.
Though he hails from an athletic family — Nico's father and two uncles played football, and his grandfather played for Puerto Rico's 1960 Olympic basketball team — he took time to develop.
"He lacked confidence early on," his father said. "I told him, 'You're like a Saint Bernard puppy, a little clumsy, but once you grow into yourself, you'll be fine.' "
By high school, Siragusa had won fame in baseball and basketball. Play football? His mother, Dianne, said no.
"It was tough, watching Nico walk the halls as a sophomore and not be able to help us on Friday nights," said John Joyner, football coach at Mater Dei Catholic High, a small parochial school in Chula Vista. "But we didn't push it too hard because we knew he wanted to play."
Finally, as a junior, Siragusa received his mom's blessing. But ever since, as soon as her son sets foot on the field, she rises from her seat and heads for the concession stands.
Mother's intuition? That first season in high school, while racing out of the locker room at halftime, Siragusa burst through a banner being held by the cheerleaders ... and pulled up lame. What he feared was a torn ACL proved only a sprain, but he took a lot of ribbing.
"I told him, 'You can block all of these 270-pound defensive linemen, but you can't run through a cheerleaders' banner?'" Joyner said. "From then on, every week, Nico would jog around that banner."
From day one, the coach said, Siragusa was "a difference-maker. Of course, we had to order special pants for him, and $20 cleats. But once he was out there, you knew he was special."
Two years later, Mater Dei improved from 1-9 to 9-3 and college coaches streamed in to meet the all-state guard. Siragusa greeted them with open arms. Literally.
"Most kids are intimidated to meet coaches from UCLA and up and down the Pac-12, but he'd give them all bear hugs, smile and ask all kinds of questions for, like, 30 minutes," Joyner said. "He's so upbeat and outgoing, and it's all genuine. Nico's not putting on a show."
He chose San Diego State, to stay close to home. There, he started 41 consecutive games for the Aztecs and never missed a practice — a constancy coveted by the pros.
"I was blessed," Siragusa said. "I played through some stuff — a high ankle sprain, separated shoulder and torn labrum — but you can push through that."
His coaches at San Diego State said he's a quick read and noted his football IQ.
"Nico picks up on stuff fast and transfers it from the class to the grass," offensive line coach Mike Schmidt said.
Head coach Rocky Long called Siragusa "a come-off-the-ball kind of guy. He doesn't get mad easily but, the rougher things get, the meaner he gets."
It's an edginess Siragusa concedes he's exploring.
"I really worked on it last year," he said. "There's always room to improve on playing nasty, and I'll continue to do that in Baltimore."
He showed up at the Ravens' rookie mini-camp Friday in good shape, having shed 22 pounds from the 340 he once carried.
"Chicken, salad and Brussels sprouts are all you need to eat," he said.
But ... Brussels sprouts?
"I've grown to love those things since January."
Siragusa will be a hit in the Ravens' locker room, his coaches said.
"He's a big, jolly lineman who's great for team chemistry," Long said.
Said Siragusa, "I'm an easygoing guy who doesn't step on anybody's toes — except when we're doing offensive line drills."
That happens when you're wearing size-15 shoes.
mike.klingaman@baltsun.com
ISIS Message Two Weeks Ago Warned About 'Christmas in New York'
Sarah Sanders: 'Laughable' for Obama to Try to Take Credit for Economy
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders battled CNN reporter Jim Acosta, accusing the mainstream media of "purposefully" putting out false information.
As he began a question, Acosta told Sanders at Monday's press briefing that journalists make "honest mistakes" and that doesn't mean it's "fake news."
Sanders started to answer but Acosta and another reported interjected.
"I'm sorry. I'm not finished!" she countered.
"There's a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people, something that happens regularly," she shot back.
Acosta asked for an example of a story that was "intentionally false" and meant to mislead Americans.
Sanders called out the false report by ABC News' Brian Ross on former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, which earned Ross a four-week suspension.
She called it "very telling" that Ross was suspended. Acosta kept pushing Sanders to let him ask his original question about allegations of sexual misconduct against President Trump, but she refused.
On Friday, CNN corrected a scoop which initially claimed WikiLeaks provided access to stolen emails to Donald Trump Jr. on Sept. 4, 2016, before they were public. The report was later corrected to say that the email was sent Sept. 14, after the hacked documents were released by WikiLeaks.
The report drew ire from President Trump and his oldest son.
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media. They are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. Major lies written, then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on America! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 10, 2017
I won't hold my breath for an apology, or for you to call out your puppet masters on the left that fed you BS knowing you would gleefully run with it without ever checking the other side. Apparently it was just too good a scoop for you to actually do your job. You got played https://t.co/vnHQFd9i16 — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) December 9, 2017
Reporting after the briefing, Fox News chief White House correspondent John Roberts said he has not seen Sanders get as "worked up" as she did in the argument today with Acosta.
Roberts said he sees a "race" playing out among news outlets to be first to report damaging information about the Trump White House.
Watch the tense exchange above.
Concha: Source Who Misled News Outlets on WikiLeaks-Trump Jr. Email Should Be Exposed
Graham: Hold NYC Terrorist Under 'Law of War,' Do Not Read Him Miranda Rights
For years, the Pittsburgh Penguins have been at the top of the list of Stanley Cup contenders in the Eastern Conference. With the likes of Sidney Crosby, Marc-Andre Fleury and Kris Letang, the Penguins were one of the better teams for the better half of the last decade.
Unfortunately, as everyone knows, all good things come to an end, and Pittsburgh spot as one of the NHL's elite has seemingly done just that. The team barely made it to the playoffs this season before being eliminated in five games by the New York Rangers. On top of that, the first-round elimination exposed that the holes on the team are far bigger than what simply having the best player in the world can fix.
The secondary scoring doesn't seem to be there, and the defense, albeit deplete due to injuries and illness, just had one too many lapses to be considered a top-tier unit. The Penguins need more pieces, but the market for said pieces just isn't deep on the free agent market. This leads to the thought of the Penguins making a trade to add around Crosby.
But who can Pittsburgh trade to add legitimate talent around their best player? What about their second best player?
Recent Penguins Posts:
[catlist categorypage=yes numberposts=3 excludeposts=this]
The Penguins have eight forwards on the roster entering next season. Other than Crosby, who everyone knows is untouchable, Evgeni Malkin would be the only forward on the roster that could possible gain a return significant enough to drastically help the team. It's not even worth mentioning potential defensemen who could be dealt because the only one who'd get anything back is Letang, and there is just no way Pittsburgh ships out their only top-pair blue liner under contract.
Malkin has been with the Penguins for nine seasons, and has done it all for the team in that time. From the Hart Trophy to the Stanley Cup, Malkin has performed at an incredible level while playing second fiddle to Crosby throughout his whole career. And though the two of them on the same team provide massive trouble for opposing defensemen and goaltenders, the thought of adding players could be too enticing to ignore.
Despite being the Penguins highest-paid player at $9.5-million per year and being under contract for another seven seasons, the suitor list would be a long one – about 29 teams as a matter of fact — should Malkin become available. Every team in the league would love to add a player of his caliber despite the fact that he's been somewhat injury riddled over the last three seasons. Hell, general manager Jim Rutherford could probably demand an entire second line and some picks in exchange for the Russian superstar, and one GM would almost be certain to pay that price.
Just look at the return for Rick Nash when the Columbus Blue Jackets dealt the forward to the New York Rangers. Two of the big pieces that went back were Artem Anisimov and Brandon Dubinsky, both of whom have become cornerstones of a resurgent Blue Jackets franchise. If Nash could get that kind of return for Columbus, imagine what a player the stature of Malkin could bring Pittsburgh.
Malkin has a full no-movement clause in his contract, which would give him the right to accept or deny any potential trade. He may not want to be traded, but he also may want to finally be “the guy” for a team after being number two for so long.
Pittsburgh has already stated that they have no intention of trading Malkin. In fact, it's come from as far up as ownership that there is “no interest” in breaking up the power duo. But if the Penguins have any Stanley Cup aspirations in the near future, it's time for the team to pull the trigger on a blockbuster.
After close to 1,000 days, the Alaska governor's office is finally set to release more than 24,000 pages of emails sent and received by former Gov. Sarah Palin during her first 21 months in office.
The release will take place on Friday in Juneau and will comprise electronic messages sent and received by Palin and her husband Todd using various addresses, including one from a Yahoo Mail account. Citizens have invoked open government laws to obtain the email since Palin was named as the 2008 Republican candidate for vice president. On Friday, it will have been 997 days that reporters from MSNBC.com and other news outlets have been seeking the documents, eclipsing the 966 days that she was Alaska governor.
The charge for the 24,199-page dump is a reasonable $725.97, or 3 cents a page, a far cry from the $15 million price tag state bean counters had previously quoted for the release. It will not include 2,275 pages that will be withheld and an additional 140 pages that were deemed to be non-records. The release will include emails sent from December 2006, when she took office, to September 2008.
Electronic correspondence from her last 10 months in office will be released later.
The state of Alaska refused requests to release the emails electronically, agreeing instead to make them available by hard copy only. MSNBC is working with Mother Jones and Pro Publica to scan the documents so that they can be restored to their electronic form.
So far, the only Palin emails that have been subjected to public scrutiny were the handful of messages that were posted to WikiLeaks following the breach of her Yahoo Mail account. The perpetrator of the break-in has been sentenced to 366 days in federal prison after he was convicted of using publicly available information to reset Palin's account. ®
My car has a feature in which I can ask it to play songs from a particular artist by voice. It works okay most of the time, though it's certainly still not as accurate as often as I'd like. Still, it's much safer for me to issue the voice command than to try to type out the artist name while driving.
The other day I tried to cue up the latest album by Chvrches (so far I'm enjoying their synth pop sound). But because they use a v where the u is, I couldn't figure out how to pronounce their name. I tried saying "churches" but that only brought up dozens of results with the word "churches" in the name.
Back when Jeff Bezos was trying to think of what to call this little online bookselling company he was going to start, he wanted a name that started with A because back then search engines alphabetized their results so having a name that began with A would put the company URL closer to the top of the page.
I suspect more and more of our interaction with computers will be using voice, and thus the next generation naming hack that means the most for maximum discoverability may be having a name that can easily be pronounced and is unambiguously unique if you hear it phonetically. Worth considering before you choose some bizarre company name just because it's the shortest URL you can find that hasn't been snapped up already.
The kicker is that Chvrches is pronounced exactly like "churches".
You do not apply. You are selected by your high school in the spring of your junior year. Here's how it works: Step 1:
Officials at each participating high school select one outstanding math and science student in the junior class to be honored with the Rensselaer Medal Award. Step 2:
High school officials submit their selected student via the secure medal website. Step 3:
Upon receipt, Rensselaer evaluates the submission, and, if accepted, mails an award certificate to the participating school for presentation to the honored student. Step 4:
If the student applies to Rensselaer, is accepted, and enrolls, the official Rensselaer Medallion will be presented during an Honors Convocation in the fall of the first year at Rensselaer.
Selection brochures and criteria are mailed to participating schools each year in March. Selections are due by May 1. Each high school has a different way of notifying a student they have been selected (often at an awards ceremony). Rensselaer typically begins directly contacting Medalists in June. Questions? Please contact: medal_program@rpi.edu or call (518) 276-6216
God did not create the universe, Stephen Hawking revealed yesterday. In the flurry of publicity preceding his new book, The Grand Design , to be published next week, he does some serious dissing of the Almighty, declaring him/her/it is irrelevant. The point is, he says, that our universe followed inevitably from the laws of nature. But, we might ask, where did they come from?
It is perhaps a bit rich for Hawking to make God redundant after granting him/her/it a celebrity cameo at the end of his multi-million selling A Brief History of Time . In his famous conclusion to the book, Hawking wrote that if scientists could find the most fundamental laws of nature "then we should know the mind of God". To be fair, he was writing metaphorically – we all know what he meant.
He now suggests that the search for this particular Holy Grail is over, now that scientists have come up with a type of theory, known as M-theory, that may describe the behaviour of all the fundamental particles and force, and even account for the very birth of the universe. If this theory is backed up by experiment, it might perhaps replace all religious accounts of creation – in Hawking's capacious mind, it already has.
The science-religion debate has been going on since science was born, centuries ago. Until relatively recently, it seemed to have quietened down, but now Hawking and others have brought it back into the limelight. It's striking that the scientists who contribute most vociferously to the arguments work in the field of evolutionary biology and fundamental physics. These, at least superficially, appear to be the territories where science and religion can make conflicting claims, leading us to ask which has the better case. But are they alternatives? Is there really any serious argument between the two?
Science and religion are about fundamentally different things. No religion has ever been rendered obsolete by facts or observations, but this happens to most scientific theories, at least in the long run. Science advances over the wreckage of its theories by continually putting theoretical ideas to experimental test; no matter how beautiful a theoretical idea might be, it must be discarded if it is at odds with experiment. Like any other human activity, science has flaws and does not always flow smoothly, but no one can seriously doubt the progress it has made in helping us understand the world and in helping to underpin technology.
A useful characteristic of a scientific theory is that it must be possible, at least in principle, for experimenters to prove it wrong. Newton and Darwin, two of the greatest theoreticians, both set out ideas in this way, putting their heads on Nature's chopping block. In Newton's case, at least, his ideas have been superseded after proving inadequate in some circumstances. Unlike many religions, science has no final authority; the Royal Society, the UK academy of sciences, expresses this neatly in its motto "Take nobody's word for it".
No religion has ever been set out in terms of scientific statements. This is why scientists are able to mock the claims of religions but have never been able to deal a knock-out blow: in the end, a religious believer can always fall back on a faith that does not depend on verification.
The most famous atheist scientist of our times is the fearless Richard Dawkins, whose God Delusion set out to discredit religion once and for all. For him, it was Darwin's theory of evolution that dealt the fatal blow to religious belief. Powerful and eloquent though it was, religion continues to flourish, and scientists (albeit a minority) continue to go to church, just as Galileo, Newton, Faraday and others have done in the past. I suspect that none of them would have abandoned their respective faiths after reading Dawkins (admittedly, not a scientific statement). Religions will survive so long as they steer clear of making statements that can be shown to be factually wrong.
The kind of science done by Stephen Hawking, one of the leading theoretical physicists of modern times, has an almost religious ring to it. He and his colleagues are trying to find the patterns in the basic fabric of reality – the mathematical laws that govern the workings of nature at its finest level. There is plenty of evidence that these laws hold good all the way back to the beginning of time, which is how scientists have put together an extremely detailed and well-tested theory of the Big Bang, the first few minutes of the universe. The Large Hadron Collider will soon be reproducing, at will, the conditions in the universe within a billionth of a second of the beginning of time.
This has led writers to invest these experiments with a theological significance. The distinguished experimenter Leon Lederman labelled the Higgs particle, being sought at the Collider, as the God Particle, with no good reason except as a hook to promote his book, which he named after it. Yet these experiments will tell us nothing about God. They will simply steer us towards an improved theoretical understanding of our material universe, ultimately in terms of principles set out in mathematics.
Yet this is where religion can sneak back into the picture. Einstein, to the frustration of many of his colleagues, was fond of referring to God when he was talking about the laws expressing the fundamental harmonies of the universe. As Dawkins rightly stresses, it is quite clear that Einstein did not think of God as a white-bearded benefactor capable of interfering with the functioning of the universe. Rather, Einstein followed closely the views of the philosopher Spinoza, for whom the concept of God is an expression of the underlying unity of the universe, something so wondrous that it can command a spiritual awe.
Einstein's views were largely shared by his acquaintance Paul Dirac, the greatest English theoretician since Newton. Dirac, like Newton and Hawking, held the Lucasian Chair of Mathematics at Cambridge University. For Dirac, the greatest mystery of the universe was that its most fundamental laws can be expressed in terms of beautiful mathematical equations. Towards the end of his life, in the 1970s and early 1980s, Dirac often said that mathematical beauty "is almost a religion to me".
As a young man, he was an outspoken atheist, drawing his colleague Wolfgang Pauli to comment, "There is no God and Dirac is his prophet." Decades later, in 1963, Dirac was happy to use theological imagery: "God is a mathematician of a very high order." He was speaking metaphorically, but we know what he meant. Yet I think it is misleading, especially when talking about science to non-specialists, to play fast and loose with the idea of God.
Hawking's view appears to be that the belief in a God-created universe can be supplanted by a belief in M-theory, a good candidate for a fundamental theory of nature at its finest level. Experts assure us of the potential of this theory and I for one am quite prepared to believe them.
One problem with the theory is that it looks as though it will be extremely difficult to test, unless physicists can build a particle accelerator the size of a galaxy. Even if the experimenters find a way round this and M-theory passes all their tests, the reasons for the mathematical order at the heart of the universe's order would remain an unsolvable mystery.
Even religious scientists – and there are still a few – never use the God concept in their scientific work. Perhaps it is time for a moratorium on the use of the concept in popularisations, too? This would avoid mixing up scientific and non-scientific statements and put an end to the consequent confusions. I think it wise for scientists and religious believers to keep out of each other's territory – no good has come out of their engagement and I suspect it never will.
But this is naive. The science-religion relationship, in so far as there is one, continues to be a crowd-pleaser. It seems to be a fundamental law of PR that the God-science debate is a sure-fire source of publicity. Always welcome when one has a book to sell.
Graham Farmelo's biography of theoretical physicist Paul Dirac, 'The Strangest Man', won the Costa Biography Prize and the Los Angeles Times Book Prize
Buy 'The Grand Design' by Stephen Hawking and Leonard Mlodinow from Amazon (UK)
Buy 'The Grand Design' by Stephen Hawking and Leonard Mlodinow from Amazon (US)
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
“One of my best friends, maybe my best friend,” is how Jurgen Klopp described David Wagner this week.
Tomorrow, the pals will find themselves in opposite dugouts as Liverpool visit Huddersfield for a pre-season friendly.
It promises to be a convivial evening at the John Smith's Stadium. The teams will be playing for the Bill Shankly Trophy, with the great man honoured by both sets of supporters prior to kick off.
In the stands will be Ian Ayre, once chairman of Town and now Liverpool's chief executive, and Stuart Webber, the former Reds scout who now acts as Huddersfield's head of football operations. Mike Marsh, a former Anfield player and coach, will be in the home side's dugout.
And in the technical area, Klopp will go head-to-head with his the guy who stole his place at Mainz, who acted as one of his chief lieutenants at Borussia Dortmund, and who got so drunk at his wedding that he can't remember his best man's speech.
Klopp and Wagner met at Mainz in 1991. “He was a striker and I was a striker,” remembers Wagner. “He was the main one when I signed from Eintracht Frankfurt. Then I took his place and he sat on the bench — this was the start of our relationship.
“After a few months he dropped back as a defender, that made things easier for us!”
Teammates, roommates even, for four years - “sometimes I spent more nights with him than with my wife” jokes Wagner- the pair struck up a strong bond, which has lasted despite modern football's itinerant nature – and Klopp's bad habits.
“He doesn't snore but he smoked,” Wagner says. “Although I only allowed him to smoke in the toilet, unless there was a balcony!”
On Tuesday, Klopp shared a picture of the pair from their Mainz days, showing the Reds boss in a bar with a cigar hanging from his mouth.
“When I was in Munich I remember playing against 1860,” he says. “It was a draw and it was one of my best games for Mainz. Afterwards we went to Oktoberfest, so it was a good night!”
The pair were reunited in a working sense in 2011 when Wagner, a German-born American international, was appointed manager of Borussia Dortmund II.
There, he would help develop the likes of Erik Durm for Klopp's senior side, the pair regularly meeting for lengthy, animated chats on football's intricacies.
“I am dark, he is light. He is tall, I am shorter. But our characters are very similar,” says Wagner. “We like the same jokes and doing the same things.
“We love exactly the same style of football. We're very honest with each other. We speak several times a week - honestly and sometimes very harshly.
“Of course I'll watch Liverpool on TV and criticise him. He knows I don't have to say something he'd like to hear. I say what I recognise.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It is no surprise, then, to hear that when the Huddersfield job came up, Wagner sought Klopp's advice.
The thing was, his friend had something to get off his chest as well.
“In this business, with your best friends you have to keep a few secrets,” Klopp revealed on Tuesday.
“He didn't know I went to the USA to speak with our owners and I actually had no idea that he was in talks with another English club.
“When I came back from the USA, I opened the door and first of all I saw his car sitting in front of my house and I thought ‘What's he doing here?' When I came in my wife said ‘Let him tell first!'
“I said ‘You first.' He said he had spoken to a Championship club in England. I said ‘Interesting, which club?' He said Huddersfield and I thought ‘OK, close to Liverpool.'
“I said I had come back from talks with Liverpool! So that's how it was and a completely strange situation for both of us.”
Like Klopp, Wagner has had to adapt quickly to English football's, its intensity and language - “gegenpressing”, for example, has been renamed “reactive pressure”. It hasn't been plain sailing, on or off the field.
Huddersfield finished 19th last season, just a couple of points above the relegation places. They have neither the biggest budget nor the deepest squad in the Championship; they are having to “find solutions”, as Klopp may say.
Liverpool have helped, allowing Danny Ward to move to Yorkshire on a season-long loan deal. The Wales goalkeeper will not feature in Wednesday's game, as he still on a post-European Championships break.
For Klopp and Wagner it will be the first time they have come face to face as managers. Klopp is looking forward to it.
“We are pretty close to each other and it's good,” he says.
“He's a really good friend but more importantly for Huddersfield he is a brilliant manager. So it's a win-win situation!”
In Puerto Rico, Health Overhaul Gets An Incomplete
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anders Kelto/NPR Anders Kelto/NPR
Javier Villa has worked at his family's used car dealership in San Juan, Puerto Rico, ever since he finished high school.
Villa, 35, always assumed the insurance plan he had through work would take care of him and his family. But a couple years ago, he ran into a problem.
He was taking a shower one morning when he noticed a lump on the side of his throat. "Very big, like maybe a tennis ball," he says.
Villa was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma and was put on chemotherapy. The cancer treatment didn't work, and his doctor told him he needed a bone marrow transplant. But there was a catch — his insurance didn't cover the procedure.
"The transplant here costs $125,000, and I don't have that [kind of] money," Villa says.
He looked at other insurance plans, but every company said his cancer would be considered a pre-existing condition and wouldn't be covered.
Months went by, and his disease got worse. Then, a friend mentioned that the Affordable Care Act, which prohibits companies from denying coverage of pre-existing conditions, had taken effect in Puerto Rico.
Villa and his wife looked into insurance options again, and found a plan that covered the transplant. Villa says it's hard to describe how he felt at that moment. "I don't know how to put it in words, and much less in English. It was like a divine intervention for sure," he says.
A few months later, he had the procedure performed at the Moffitt Cancer Center in Tampa, Florida. He took his two young kids, ages two and six, to Disney World to celebrate. Now he's back in San Juan selling cars, and continuing his chemotherapy. He says he feels great.
"I have to live with my chemo brain, but I manage," he says, laughing.
When the Affordable Care Act was launched a little over a year ago, there was some confusion about how the law would apply to U.S. territories like Puerto Rico, which is part of the U.S. but isn't a state.
In July, the federal Department of Health and Human Services declared that U.S. territories aren't required to follow most of the rules of the ACA.
That means four of the five U.S. territories — Guam, American Samoa, Northern Marianas, and U.S. Virgin Islands — have essentially been untouched by the bill.
But Puerto Rico's government passed its own series of bills, adopting the ACA rules. That means Puerto Rican insurance companies must follow all the provisions of the law. They can't deny coverage and they must pay for essential health benefits.
But there's a difference in Puerto Rico's version of the ACA. There is no individual mandate, the rule that says everyone must get health insurance.
Puerto Rico's health insurance commissioner Angela Weyne says that creates a problem. "If you do not mandate that everybody has to be insured and only the sick become insured, obviously your insurance premiums are going to rise," she says.
Weyne says insurance plans are more expensive now than they were before the ACA. Her agency has been trying to limit rising costs by encouraging healthy people to sign up. "We went out with a very big campaign as to why it was important to get insured through the Affordable Care Act," she says.
But they haven't had much luck. And that's because of the second thing that's unusual about the ACA in Puerto Rico. Residents don't pay federal taxes, and they aren't eligible for subsidies to help them buy insurance.
For Villa, the absence of a subsidy wasn't a problem. He could afford his insurance plan, which cost $550 per month, without it. But for many Puerto Ricans, that's not the case.
Take Glorymar Cruz. She's 47 and makes $7.25 an hour, the minimum wage, working at a jewelry store in San Juan. For years, she got insurance through Puerto Rico's version of Medicaid called Mi Salud. The program was expanded under the Affordable Care Act and now covers roughly half the population of the island.
Last year, Cruz started working full time, and when she went to renew her insurance, she was told she no longer qualified. She was making just over $1,000 a month, and was told the cutoff for Mi Salud was around $800.
She looked online at individual insurance plan options, but the cheapest one she could find cost a few hundred dollars a month, which she couldn't afford.
Since then, she's been living without health insurance. She's gone four or five months without taking her thyroid pill, which makes her feel tired and in a bad mood. She also stopped getting physical therapy for chronic back pain.
Cruz says she's heard a lot of good things about Obamacare, but she hasn't seen any benefit. "For me, there's no help," she says.
Insurance commissioner Weyne says that when lawmakers adopted the rules of the Affordable Care Act, they expected to get a subsidy from the U.S. government. Without that assistance, some are now arguing that Puerto Rico's version of the law should be repealed.
Sen. Rand Paul got lots of applause at the Iowa GOP's annual Lincoln Dinner when he criticized former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton
Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
In case you needed any proof that Republicans are getting ready to push the Benghazi controversy all the way to the 2016 presidential elections, Sen. Rand Paul was happy to oblige. And what better place to do so than in Iowa, where presidential dreams are born? Speaking at the Iowa GOP's annual Lincoln Dinner, the Kentucky senator wasn't shy about ripping into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and how she handled the terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya that killed four Americans, including Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens. “First question to Hillary Clinton: Where in the hell were the Marines?” Paul asked, according to NBC News. “It was inexcusable, it was a dereliction of duty, and it should preclude her from holding higher office.” Criticizing Clinton gave Paul his biggest applause of the night.
Paul also wrote an op-ed piece in the Washington Times:
The evidence we had in January already suggested that Mrs. Clinton ignored repeated requests for more security in Benghazi. The new evidence we have today—and that continues to mount—suggests that at the very least, Mrs. Clinton should never hold high office again.
Democrats continue to insist that after nine congressional hearings and an independent inquiry, there isn't much more to say about Benghazi. “But Friday turned up the sort of nuggets that feed conservative activists' belief that a major scandal may be at hand,” notes the Associated Press. A group of e-mails disclosed Friday showed the White House was more involved in editing the talking points about the attack on the embassy than they had acknowledged previously.
The e-mails had already been disclosed last month but they got further traction after ABC News released more details Friday, points out the New York Times. At the very least, the e-mails seem to contradict repeated assertions by the White House that the talking points “were a product of the nation's intelligence agencies and were crafted without political interference,” notes Politico.
Yet it remains to be seen whether the public at large will get outraged over what in many respects seems like insider Washington baseball. The Washington Post highlights that more than anything the e-mails revealed “that an intense bureaucratic clash took place between the State Department and the CIA over which agency would get to tell the story of how the tragedy unfolded.” In the five days after the attacks took place, the two agencies repeatedly argued over how much to disclose about the attack.
For now, it seems clear the debate surrounding the attack isn't going away anytime soon. “Wherever you come down on the policy debate surrounding the attack, the politics of demanding more information and answers about what happened are an absolute slam dunk for Republicans seeking to show their base a willingness to hold President Obama accountable,” explains the Washington Post's Chris Cillizza. “It's a sort of perfect political storm for the Republican base.”
The iconic caveman in popular culture is Fred Flintstone: slow-witted and unskilled. In general, we think of the cave art produced by prehistoric people as crude and imprecise too—a mere glimmer of the artistic mastery that would blossom millenia later, during the Renaissance and beyond.
If this is your impression of prehistoric humans, a new study published today in PLOS ONE by researchers from Eotvos University in Budapest, Hungary, might surprise you. In analyzing dozens of examples of cave art from places such as Lascaux, the group, led by Gabor Horvath, determined that prehistoric artists were actually better at accurately depicting the way four-legged animals walk than artists from the 19th and 20th centuries.
The researchers evaluated the prehistoric artists on the basis of the landmark 1880s finding by British photographer Eadweard Muybridge that horses (and, it was later discovered, most four-legged animals) move their legs in a particular sequence as they walk. The “foot-fall formula,” as it's called, goes LH-LF-RH-RF, where H means ‘hind,' F means ‘fore,' and L and R mean ‘left' and ‘right,' respectively. At the time of Muybridge, this was thought to be an entirely novel discovery.
Except, as it turns out, prehistoric people apparently knew it too—and got it right in their drawings the majority of the time. Of the 39 ancient cave paintings depicting the motion of four-legged animals that were considered in the study, 21 nailed the sequence correctly, a success rate of 53.8%. Due to the number of combinations of how a four-legged animal's gait can be depicted, the researchers state that mere chance would lead to a 26.7% rate of getting it right. Cavemen artists knew what they were doing.
When the researchers looked at 272 paintings and statues of four-legged animals made during modern times but before Muybridge's findings in the 1880s, such as a famous horse sketch by Leonardo da Vinci, it turned out that these more recent artists were much worse: They only got the sequence right 16.5% of the time. Remarkably, even the 686 paintings and statues studied that were made more recently than 1887, after scientists knew for sure how four-legged animals walked, still got it right just 42.1% of the time.
Even apart from artists, a sizable number of depictions of four-legged animals made during the 20th century specifically for the sake of accuracy got the sequence wrong too, according to references used in the study. Out of 307 renditions analyzed, just 58.9% of depictions in natural history museums were correct, along with 56.9% of those in taxidermy catalogues, 50% of animal toy models and 36.4% of illustrations in animal anatomy textbooks.
Although the amount of art studied in each group varies greatly, the accuracy rate for animal depictions in prehistoric times is noteworthy. How could prehistoric humans possibly be this skilled at depicting animals such as bulls, antelopes and wild horses? For a potential answer, consider the way these ancient artists probably thought about the animals: as prey.
For prehistoric humans, “the observation of animals was not merely a pastime, but a matter of survival,” the study's authors write. “Compared to artists of latter eras, when people were not as directly connected to nature, the creators of such cave paintings and carvings observed their subjects better and thus they depicted the walk of the animals in a more life-like manner.”
"These aren't good people. These are horrible people," Eric Trump said of David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan. | Getty Eric Trump says David Duke 'deserves a bullet'
Eric Trump told a Colorado radio host Thursday that he believes former Ku Klux Klan grand wizard David Duke "deserves a bullet."
Speaking to Ross Kaminsky of 630 KHOW Denver, as first reported by CNN, the third child of Donald Trump was asked about POLITICO's Wednesday report that white nationalists, neo-Nazis and the KKK were planning to try to suppress African-American voting on Election Day in an attempt to aid the Republican nominee. The host, who claimed the report was a "hit piece" against the Trump campaign, then asked Eric Trump about his father being continuously asked to disavow Duke, who Kaminsky said "desperately needs a bullet to the head."
Story Continued Below
In response, Eric Trump agreed with the sentiment.
"If I said exactly what you said, I'd get killed for it but I think I'll say it anyway," he said. "The guy does deserve a bullet. I mean, these aren't good people. These are horrible people. In fact, I commend my father. My father's the first Republican who's gone out and said, 'Listen, what's happened to the African-American community is horrible and I'm going to take care of it.'"
Donald Trump earned widespread condemnation in February when during an interview with CNN he failed to denounce the KKK and disavow Duke. The Trump campaign later issued a sound rebuke of Duke, who had put out robocalls urging voters to cast their ballots for Trump. Duke has also mounted a bid in Louisiana for a U.S. Senate seat.
"David Duke is a bad person, who I disavowed on numerous occasions over the years," Trump said during an MSNBC appearance on March 3.
Duke has said his supporters plan to monitor polls with an eye toward “some of the more inner-city areas."
Trump Wednesday earned the notorious endorsement of The Crusader, a newspaper affiliated with the KKK. The Trump campaign later distanced themselves from the endorsement in a statement, calling the publication "repulsive."
We're learning more about 21-year-old Marcell Willis, who opened fire at a Grand Forks Walmart leaving an entire community in shock. Police told us Marcell Willis shot and killed one person, injured another, then took his own life.
At this point, police are still trying to figure out a motivated behind this shooting. Willis was an active duty Grand Forks airman. Altru hospital says the surviving victim in "satisfactory" condition tonight.
We reached out to family members and friends of Willis. They didn't want to comment. However, we were able to talk to several community members who said they knew Willis well.
One man, a worker on the air force base told Valley News Live that Willis was always friendly and polite, but overall kept to himself. He adds it's an action he would not have predicted from Willis. In fact, they recently went to a mandatory suicide prevention class together.
Willis is originally from Tennessee. He was on the Robertson County School System's football team and graduated in 2012. Administrators said they're shocked, because they believe Willis was a good kid.
It's a truly sad situation for all involved. Grand Forks police comment there is no link between Willis and the victims.
Police also, told us that two people were in the vehicle with Willis when he drove up the Walmart. And, that they did not know about what Willis was going to do in advance.
The names of the two Walmart employees involved in the shooting are expected to be released Wednesday.
As for Walmart re-opening, the company said they don't have an exact date or time.
UPDATE:
The suspect of the shooting incident at Wal-Mart Tuesday morning has been identified as Marcell Willis, a 21-year-old active duty Air Force, assigned to the Grand Forks Air Force Base.
Preliminary investigation indicates that Marcell Willis entered the Wal-Mart store just after 1 a.m.
He apparently encountered two Wal-Mart employees shortly after entering the store. Police say it appears he shot both employees; injuring one and killing the other.
Reports indicated that he continued into the store, and encountered another Wal-Mart employee.
It appears that he fired his weapon again, but the round did not strike that employee.
Willis reportedly continued through the store, and does not appear to have encountered anyone else before he suffered an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
A handgun was located near his body.
Willis received immediate medical treatment by first responding officers and EMS personnel and was transported by ambulance to Altru, where he died.
Wal-Mart was open at the time of the incident, and both customers and employees were in the store.
It appears that many self-evacuated or sheltered in place when shots were fired and did not directly encounter the suspect at any time.
The Public Safety Answering Point received the first call at 1:04 am, it was dispatched at 1:05 am, and the first officers arrived on scene at 1:08 am.
First responding officers immediately entered the store in an effort to contact and stop the threat as well as to provide immediate medical assistance and helped to safely evacuated many store patrons and employees. The Grand Forks Regional SWAT and Bomb Teams were activated and used to eventually clear and secure all scenes involved in this event.
This investigation is in its preliminary stages. The above information is based upon witness statements and evidence available at this time.
All victim information is being withheld at this time, to permit full family notifications.
An additional news release will be forthcoming on Wednesday with the names of the Wal-Mart employees who suffered gunshot wounds.
At this time, there does not appear to be an apparent link connecting Willis to the victims or to that particular store location.
Anyone with information regarding this incident, or any of the people involved, to contact the Grand Forks Police Department.
Anyone who was in the store at the time of the incident who has not yet spoken to an investigator to call Police.
The 2005-06 season was Tottenham Hotspur's 14th season in the Premier League and 28th successive season in the top division of the English football league system.
Season Summary [ edit ]
During the 2005–06 English football season, Tottenham Hotspur participated in the English Premier League. The club had a mixed, short season, securing what was their highest place finish in the Premier league at the time, but exiting both cup competitions at the earliest possible stage against lower league opposition, therefore playing just 40 games.
In September Tottenham faced Grimsby Town in the League Cup, losing 1–0 at Blundell Park.[1] Their FA cup draw pitted the team against Leicester City, but the side let a two-goal lead slip, and an injury time goal saw them defeated 3–2 at Walkers Stadium.[2]
In the league Tottenham had occupied the crucial fourth place in the table more much of the later second half of the season[3] and their win in their penultimate game of the season against Bolton Wanderers on 30 April meant they were seven points ahead of their nearest rivals Arsenal in the race for possible Champions League qualification.[4] Despite Arsenal winning their two games in hand, Tottenham only had to match their result in the final game of the season in order to secure fourth spot.
On the morning of the decisive match against West Ham United a number of Tottenham players were taken ill with suspected food poisoning, the players having stayed the night at the Marriott Hotel in Canary Wharf and eaten lasagne. The club appealed for the Premier League to delay the kick off game, but the police would not allow a kick off any later than 5pm due to crowd control concerns so the club decided to play at the scheduled time.[5][6] Despite the scoreline being 1–1 for much of the game, Tottenham looked set to clinch fourth spot due to Arsenal trailing 2–1 at Highbury against Wigan Athletic, but Arsenal went on to win their fixture 4–2 from a Thierry Henry hat-trick meaning Tottenham also required a win. Their fate was sealed when Yossi Benayoun scored a winner for West Ham, meaning Tottenham fell to fifth place and would therefore would only play in the following season's UEFA Cup.[7]
Tottenham appealed to the Premier League to have the match against West Ham replayed, but this was rejected as no grounds were found for accepting the request.[8] Club chairman Daniel Levy called in the police to investigate the Marriott Hotel and threatened to sue the hotel chain and Premier League over the incident, having wrongly suspected foul play.[9][10] Tests by the Health Protection Agency on the food at the hotel soon proved to be negative for sources of food poisoning, and instead players were identified as having norovirus.[11][12]
First-team squad [ edit ]
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
No. Position Player No. Position Player
Left club during season [ edit ]
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
No. Position Player No. Position Player
Reserve squad [ edit ]
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
No. Position Player No. Position Player
Transfers [ edit ]
In [ edit ]
Out [ edit ]
Transfers in: £15,100,000 Transfers out: £12,575,000 Total spending: £2,525,000
Loans out [ edit ]
Competitions Overview [ edit ]
Competition Record P W D L GF GA Win % Premier League 7001380000000000000♠ 38 7001180000000000000♠ 18 7001110000000000000♠ 11 7000900000000000000♠ 9 7001530000000000000♠ 53 7001380000000000000♠ 38 0 7001473700000000000♠ 47.37 FA Cup 7000100000000000000♠ 1 5000000000000000000♠ 0 5000000000000000000♠ 0 7000100000000000000♠ 1 7000200000000000000♠ 2 7000300000000000000♠ 3 00 5000000000000000000♠ 0.00 League Cup 7000100000000000000♠ 1 5000000000000000000♠ 0 5000000000000000000♠ 0 7000100000000000000♠ 1 5000000000000000000♠ 0 7000100000000000000♠ 1 00 5000000000000000000♠ 0.00 Total 7001400000000000000♠ 40 7001180000000000000♠ 18 7001110000000000000♠ 11 7001110000000000000♠ 11 7001550000000000000♠ 55 7001420000000000000♠ 42 0 7001450000000000000♠ 45.00
Results [ edit ]
Premier League [ edit ]
FA Cup [ edit ]
League Cup [ edit ]
Final league table [ edit ]
Rules for classification: 1) points; 2) goal difference; 3) number of goals scored. Source: Premier League Rules for classification: 1) points; 2) goal difference; 3) number of goals scored.
Statistics [ edit ]
Appearances and goals [ edit ]
No. Pos Nat Player Total Premier League FA Cup League Cup Apps Goals Apps Goals Goalkeepers Defenders Midfielders Forwards Players transferred out during the season
Top scorers [ edit ]
Penny Navid and her two daughters set out to make their beloved dog Charlie's final day one to remember.
"She was so happy, and we hadn't seen her like that in a long time," Penny said.
Penny's husband Kevin remembers the day they brought the puppy home. He says she made her mark immediately.
"I remember she threw up on my wife twice, and we thought that was pretty funny," Kevin said.
The dog would soon make her mark in other ways, sitting by Penny's side and licking her bald head as Penny battled a breast cancer diagnosis and chemotherapy.
"She knew something was going on, and she took care of my wife," Kevin said.
This week, a veterinarian told the family that Charlie had a tumor in her brain. The family had to make the tough decision to put their dog down.
"I knew I couldn't be there because I wouldn't let it happen," Kevin said.
By all accounts, the Shepard wouldn't hurt a fly, but Kevin always believed she would be a good police dog. He even tried to train her from YouTube videos when she was young.
On Charlie's last day, the family took her to get that burger and ice cream, they even let her wash it down with a rib-eye steak from a restaurant nearby. And when they saw a Denton Police officer at the same park, they couldn't pass up an opportunity to take a picture.
"I don't think it was a coincidence he was there. We are believers in this family," Kevin said.
The officer posed for a photo with the dying dog and the department shared it on Facebook, dubbing Charlie its newest K-9 officer, fulfilling a lifelong dream for the Navid family.
"When I saw those photos I just thought there is my Charlie. She's a K-9 officer all these years later," Kevin said.
The officer in the photo was Jim Bryan. He says he was just doing his job and was happy to take a photo.
"I believe things happen for a reason," Bryan said.
But the family said running into him during Charlie's final hours meant more than anyone will ever know. After a full meal, and a walk in the park with her family, Charlie was honored as an officer, then went on to rest in peace.
Copyright 2016 WFAA
Picture the Star Wars logo. You know the one. All-caps. At the front, the S slides gracefully into the T. The feet on the Rs reach forward, grasping for perfect symmetry. Star Wars fans know it by heart. People who have never watched Star Wars know it through commercials and posters and advertising. And yet that iconic logo was hardly the first design applied to Star Wars. It was at least the fifth, as this fascinating look at the Star Wars logo's evolution (via Kottke) reveals.
Alex Jay dug through mounds of history on the Star Wars logo to lay bare its complex history, and each design along the path is awesome in its own way. The logo we all know evolved out of a decal designed by Ralph McQuarrie, featuring an early concept drawing of a blaster-and-lightsaber equipped Han Solo and the dramatic text "The Star Wars" underneath it in the font Futura Display. Joe Johnston, who worked at ILM at the time, did another logo treatment based on the font Precis Slim.
Image via Alex Jay
Tons of promotional materials from the film, pre-release, show off different font choices. The movie title eventually dropped the "the;" sometimes the words were stacked, sometimes displayed side-by-side. A novelization of the movie, a Marvel comic adaptation, and all kinds of brochures and magazine features use different versions of the logo, since they were created before the film was finished and hit theaters. In some of those materials, you can see the early version of Star Wars' iconic logo, which was designed by Suzy Rice.
Image via Alex Jay
Lucas asked Rice to design a "very fascist" logo, and she came up with the one we all know so well--almost. The font was hand-drawn, inspired by Helvetica Black, but the W was sharper; when they realized the W design didn't work well in the film's opening text crawl, Joe Johnston changed the W, and the icon was born. Still, Rice's version shows up in all kinds of ads printed before the movie.
And that wasn't the last time Rice's logo would be used. Jay discovered that logo, with its weirdly angular W, in paperbacks from Ballantine. Some publications would even use two different versions of the logo in a single book or ignore it in place of some other funky font. And even when the logo was fairly established, changes in perspective could completely alter its appearance, like in the design to the right.
Jay's blog post is full of tons of awesome artwork from decades of Star Wars material, and it's really amazing to see how much variation it had before, during, and after the film's release. And the post doesn't even delve into how the logos of Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi changed--they almost certainly saw less variation, but you can still find a few different versions of each with only a quick search. You should absolutely read the rest of the post for more awesome images of The Star Wars.
They have their faith because what they believe in doesn't judge them. Who am I to tell them that what they believe is irrational? Who am I to tell them the one thing that gives them hope and allows them to find some beauty in an awful world is inconsistent? I cannot tell them that there is nothing beyond this physical life. It would be cruel and pointless.
The magic force field our culture has placed around religious belief and superstition makes every discussion and debate fraught with tension and tender sensitivities.
If religion is giving desperate people hope, rather than shake a finger at those who argue against religion, perhaps we should be working as hard as we can to give these people something other than religion to lean on. Something real that actually solves problems, rather than mystical falsehoods.
has been doing a bang-up job over at Friendly Atheist lately. You've probably noticed that I have been linking to quite a few of his posts recently, and this is because I have really enjoyed his recent work. He is an excellent writer, and I find his work consistently thought-provoking. I'm going to link to his work again here, but I wanted to start things off just by thanking Paul for his outstanding contributions.In the post I want to mention today, Paul responds to a recent article inby Dr.. Dr. Arnade is an atheist with a fascinating background who has recently been working with the homeless, a group he describes as "some of the strongest believers I have met, steeped in a combination of Bible, superstition, and folklore." He sees the religiosity as understandable because religion is a source of hope for many of the homeless. But the part that really grabbed Paul's attention and the attention of most of the other atheists who have addressed this article is the following: My initial reaction to this statement was one of puzzlement. What do you mean who are you to tell them that what they believe is irrational? How would this even occur to you as something that would be a viable part of this sort of aid work? Who is advising you to condemn the homeless people with whom you are working as irrational? If someone is in the midst of a crisis and clinging to life by a thread, who would possibly recommend that we cut that thread no matter how irrational it might be? Nobody. Paul also notes that he has never heard of an atheist "targeting the downtrodden and brazenly attempting to force the blessings of godlessness on them" (i.e., atheists are not out there attempting to reconvert the homeless). He's right. This does not seem to be happening.I would hope that Dr. Arnade realizes that there is a vast difference between one person concluding that something is irrational and that same person communicating this understanding to another party. When the person in the midst of a suicidal crisis tells me that the only reason she does not go home and kill herself within the next hour is her faith-based conviction that suicide is a sin, I may recognize that her faith is irrational, but I am certainly not going to communicate that to her in the moment!Assuming I were to continue working with this woman after she through her crisis, I might seek to promote adaptive reality-based coping skills, enhance healthy forms of social support, and assist her in changing some of the beliefs that led to her depression. But even then, it would not occur to me to target her faith unless I was truly convinced that it was fueling her distress. And even then, I'd only do it if she agreed it was problematic and needed to change. In short, I would be something we'd need to agree to do together and not something I'd attempt to do to her.On the broader issue of providing assistance to the homeless, Paul provides an accurate description of what many atheistsdoing: providing aid with no strings attached. That is, atheists are out there aiding those who need assistance without attempting to modify their belief systems in any way.Paul seems to agree with some of what is behind Dr. Arnade's assumption that atheism is only for those who have the means "or at least are not struggling to such an extent as the subjects of his work are." For example, he agrees that overcoming religious belief is probably easier for people who do not have to constantly worry about meeting their basic needs. I think he's right here. He also hints that the more desperate someone is, the more susceptible they are to "seeking a grain of hope wherever they can find it, even in the ephemeral or fictional." I agree, and I'd add that desperate people are also better targets for those willing to manipulate them for their own ends, including the religious believers who are primarily concerned with the size of their flocks rather than the well-being of individuals.If atheism is a luxury that the homeless cannot afford, one would have to expect that there will be virtually no homeless atheists. And yet, there are homeless atheists, poor atheists, and struggling atheists. If atheism is a luxury, how do they afford it? Saying there are no atheists in homeless shelters is a bit like saying there are no atheists in foxholes Again and again, we hear about how misfortune brings people to religion. We are told that there are no atheists during an economic collapse even though we see plenty of atheists who go through dire circumstances without resorting to superstition and fantasy. I do not question that tragedy brings some people to religion; I question the merit of the often repeated claims that there are "no atheists" to be found on sinking ships, hurricane ravaged towns, cancer wards of hospitals, and the like.Paul is correct to point out that it is difficult to even discuss some of these subjects.And yet, such discussions must be had. Faith is irrational and based in superstition. The fact that hearing this said aloud makes some people uncomfortable does not make it any less true. And yet, it is true that there are times and places for such conversations. I would hope that the direct provision of aid to the homeless or any other vulnerable population would not be one of them.Atheists are not out there trying to pop the religious bubble of homeless individuals; atheists are working to improve the circumstances of homeless individuals so that religion gradually becomes less necessary. As Paul notes:
If you had 20 dollars to build the best Arkansas football team of all time, who would you pick?
If you had 20 dollars to build the best Arkansas football team of all time, who would you pick? by Cory Williams
As schools across the nation continue to be riddled with controversy and criminality, Arkansas football has quietly risen from the ashes of their own scandal to become an example in how to deal with conflict and dissension.
It feels like ages ago that Arkansas football was in the spread attack. It feels like even longer that the Hogs were figuratively, not literally, a sinking ship with no captain. It's an awful feeling for a program, and for the fans and players that are caught in on the boat with literally, not figuratively, no lifeboats.
Extended metaphors aside, 2012 sucked for Arkansas football. An entire season was lost because the team had no permanent coach. John L. Smith was there to do his best, but expectations were not high, and boy did he live up to them. It didn't help that the rest of the staff gave a less than stellar effort in game preparation and management.
I don't even want to get into the recruiting woes that come with an interim staff. The Hogs were lucky that Jeff Long was there to not only make quick, tough decisions, but that the decisions that he made have proven to be successful.
Arkansas' situation in 2012 is not very comparable to Baylor's right now, although many people have tried to make the comparison. While Motorcyclegate was embarrassing and illegal, it basically boiled down to a man in a position of power using his influence to hook up with a younger woman. Not exactly front page news.
Sidebar: Now is a good time, I think, to remind everyone that Petrino wasn't fired for cheating on his wife. He hired his mistress in the department and broke just about every state and school HR policy and then lied about it to the AD. He left the university liable for lawsuits and, on top of all that, wasn't a nice guy. He was gone the moment he hired that woman.
What's happening at Baylor right now is far worse than what happened at Arkansas, there's no doubt about it. But the Bears can look to Jeff Long and his handling of the Petrino firing to his bringing on of Bret Bielema as a sort of road map for changing the culture at a school.
Pete Thamel wrote a great breakdown article of the rebuilding job that Bielema had to undertake when he got to Arkansas. I referenced that article in my post-Texas Tech loss defending of Bielema as well. What Bret has already accomplished at Arkansas is pretty darn impressive.
When Bielema got to Fayetteville, for example, the team was struggling to maintain a cumulative 2.0 GPA. Now, the Hogs are cutting talented players loose strictly for not making the grades. No arrests, not trouble off the field. They just didn't make the grades. The culture at Arkansas has completely changed in 3 years, and it's changed for the better.
The results off the field have been tangible, as well as the on the field performance by the team. Bielema's Hogs have gone 3-9, 7-6, and 8-5 over his time as a Razorback. While those numbers may not be enough for the “win at all costs” crowd, they show true progression. In fact, if the 2015-2016 Arkansas football team hadn't been decimated by injuries early in the season, they could have easily won one or two more games.
But this article isn't meant to focus of the “what ifs”. There's no need to look to hypotheticals to be proud to be a Razorback right now. The Hogs had one of the quickest falls from the top that I can remember. From 10-3 and 11-2, to 4-8 and 3-9.
It's tempting to try and circumvent the long, tough road when rebuilding a program. Tennessee, Baylor, and Ole Miss are all currently facing the repercussions of not only putting wins first, but putting the culture on the backburner completely.
That's not what Arkansas did. And that's not how you sustain yourself as a winner and a leader. Jeff Long and Bret Bielema have built a program that focuses on creating not just winning football players, but winning young men. And that is a legacy to be proud of.
AmpMe, the Canadian app development company responsible for a syncing technology that links mobile devices into a networked speaker system, has raised $8 million in a new round of financing and is adding a YouTube integration to its service.
Led by the Toronto and Menlo Park, Calif.-based Relay Ventures, the new financing will kick out the jams on an increased hiring push and enable the company to pursue some new strategic partnerships.
Additional investors in the round included Investissement Quebec, Slaight Music, OMERS Ventures, Townsgate Media, Anges Quebec and Real Ventures.
The YouTube integration is a savvy nod to the way that music is consumed online these days. In an interview with the LA Times, Jimmy Iovine (the music mogul and one of the architects of the billion-dollar Beats deal with Apple) bemoaned that YouTube accounts for 40% of music consumption online and 4% of revenue for the music industry.
AmpMe may have 99 problems (a slew of competitors, like Speakerfy and TuneMob would be an example), but the economics of the music business ain't one. Linking with YouTube means getting consumers where they're digitally listening.
And the service is gaining ground. So far, the company's app has been downloaded more than 2 million times since its launch in September 2015.
In all, the company has managed to rack up $10 million in venture financing for its iteration on the networked speaker system.
So pickup artist and rape legalization proponent Roosh V has, he says, filed charges against a woman who allegedly threw beer in his face outside a Montreal bar on Saturday night. That's his right, of course.
But reading the statement he says he gave to police, I was struck by the tone of wounded innocence that runs through it. In the forum post on the subject, sounding a teensy bit like a stereotypical 19th century Southern belle overcome with the vapors, he complains about being “attacked” by the woman and her friends “after I was seduced by a young woman.”
In the statement he says he gave the police, Roosh affects a tone of indignation at the allegedly deceptive behavior of this young Jezebel.
I talked to one girl of the group who gave me the name “Jennifer.” She complimented my beard and general attractiveness and asked me to come outside with her for a cigarette. She is approximately 23 years old, shoulder length hair, brown hair, brown eyes, and slim build. She has a piercing between her nose like farm bulls have.
It's called a septum piercing. You do live in the 21st century, do you not?
I went outside and sat next to her. She began sensually rubbing her legs against mine. Her skirt was short.
That hussy! Getting him all hot and bothered with her “sexy legs” before tossing a drink in his face.
After the beer-toss, Roosh reports, the alleged assailant and her friends followed him down the street,
yelling vulgar language. One girl yelled, “Eat my cunt.”
Heavens to Betsy! A woman referred to her delicate vagina flower using a very rude word!
Apparently, in Roosh's world, only men are allowed to use that word. He and his followers certainly use it often enough.
A search on his blog for the word “cunt” returns 305 results.
In a post entitled “The True Nature of Women,” for example, Roosh writes that
within every woman on this planet, regardless of her education or background, is a bitch, a cunt, a slut, a golddigger, a flake, a cheater, a backstabber, a narcissist, and an attention whore that is dying to get out … .
In one called “It's Your Fault That American Women are Winning,” he demanded of his readers
When was the last time you put an Americunt in her place?
He seems to like that particular portmanteau. On his site Return of Kings, he published a post titled “A Perfect Example Of The Americunt.”
Meanwhile, a post on RoK titled “American Women Are Only Good For One Thing” declares that
[m]ost of today's women are bitchy, masculine, selfish cunts with inferiority complexes that make them think they want to dominate men. The sad truth is that decades of feminism has reduced women to nothing more than three holes and a set of tits who are only as good as the orgasms they provide men.
In “Why You Should Avoid Dating Girls Who Claim They Were Raped,” another RoK writer informs us that
[e]ven the most manjawed cunt secretly harbors fantasies of locking down a good man, marrying him, and thereby trebling her disposable income. Chicks will cry rape if it means endless, adoring attention with zero associated cost. But they won't if they think getting raped renders them unattractive in the eyes of men.
In other posts, RoK writers complain about “empowered femcunt doublespeak,” “Sheryl Sandberg-clone femcunt[s] …who have brought into the myth of office-cubicle empowerment,” and the sad fate of men who have “a cunty controlling bitch of a wife.”
I could literally spend the rest of the day providing more examples of “cunt” usage from Roosh and his friends from his two main blogs. If I started searching his forum as well, I suspect I could be at it for the entire week.
In other words, I'm pretty sure Roosh has heard the word before.
Were any woman to post a police report like the statement posted by Roosh, she would quickly be accused of “damseling” and worse by dozens if not hundreds of MRAs and PUAs and other assorted misogynistic woman-pesterers online.
And they'd call her a cunt, as well.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Email
More
Google
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
“I did go back and look at my taxes and over the past ten years I never paid less than thirteen per cent. I think the most recent year is 13.6 or something like that,” Mitt Romney said yesterday, sounding as if he had just earned a gold star, as if thirteen per cent was what he might call a magnificent sum. “So I pay taxes every single year.” Then, after suggesting that he had thus put Harry Reid, who had said he'd heard otherwise, in his place, Romney added,
And if you add in addition the amount that goes to charity, why the number gets well above twenty per cent.
This suggests several questions, beyond the basic one of why Romney doesn't just release the returns, since he seems to have pulled them out of the files to “look” at them. Some are technical: What does he mean by taxes? (There has been a fair amount of talk of people who pay plenty in payroll taxes paying no federal income tax at all.) And thirteen per cent of what? Income, at Romney's level, has a habit of transforming itself into something else. (See James B. Stewart's look at the releases of the America's top four hundred earners, some of whom did not, in fact, pay any taxes.) Also, what is the name for the category he refers to as “the number”—the sum of taxes and charity? Those are, after all—and one hopes that Romney recognizes this—two different things.
[Update: On Friday evening, the campaign released Paul Ryan's 2010 and 2011 returns—more than Romney, who has released only 2010, plus a 2011 estimate; Ryan also paid higher rates: just under sixteen and twenty per cent, respectively.]
Will this make it more or less likely that we'll see the tax returns? Romney has now put himself in a spot: if he has not, in fact, paid thirteen per cent in federal income taxes on an amount that resembles his income for those years (accounting for what are surely arcane exemptions, but at least in terms that are comparable to those used when talking about his 2010 taxes) then he will either seem like a liar or like a man who can't even figure out what's on his own tax returns. Alternately, he'll never release them. For that reason, one hopes that Romney was right about the thirteen per cent, because there are many other things voters could and should learn from his releases. One ought to know where a candidate's financial obligations are, and for what and to whom he can be thankful.
Instead, we have a strange game going on. Can Romney's allies like it when Obama's campaign manager, Jim Messina, is able to send messages like this one to his counterpart, Matt Rhoades?
If the governor release five years of returns, I commit in turn that we will not criticize him for not releasing more—neither in ads nor in other public communications or commentary for the rest of the campaign.
Rhoades, in response, did little more than complain about the continued requests.
So did Ann Romney, in an interview yesterday on Rock Center. Her answers were revealing—perhaps about more than simply taxes. Natalie Morales asked her about the returns, and the need for transparency:
Ann Romney: Have you seen how we're attacked? Have you seen what's happened? Natalie Morales: It's been in the press quite a bit; now are you angry that it's been in the press? I mean, should you not be questioned about your finances? Ann Romney: We have been very transparent to what's legally required of us. But: the more we release, the more we get attacked. The more we get questioned, the more we get pushed. And so we have done what's legally required, and there's going to be no more, there's going to be no more tax releases given. And there's a reason for that, and that's because of how, what happens as soon as we release anything.
Watching the video (below) it does not appear that this was said with much patience (or humility). After talking about how “Mitt is honest, his integrity is just golden,” Ann made the same charity point that her husband did:
Ann Romney: We pay our taxes, we are absolutely—beyond paying our taxes, we also give ten per cent of our income to charity. and so we have no issues that way. And the only reason we don't disclose any more is, you know, we'll just become a bigger target Natalie Morales: So it's because you'll just continue to face more questions? Ann Romney: Well, it will only give them more ammunition.
What is troubling here is less the mystery of what “ammunition” there might be than the general attitude about public disclosure that it betrays. Take her first answer, and substitute the phrases “information on drone attacks” or “background on detention”—to name two areas in which President Obama has, rightly, been criticized for a lack of transparency. (See Steve Coll for more on that.) Take any issue of importance or complexity. Do the Romneys—or Obama—understand that questioning and pushing are the substance of democracy? Romney says that he'll read the forms for us, as if all the numbers would be too complicated for us to grasp, or would make us dizzy: we'd only be confused by all those perfectly legal shelters. He might give the public a chance; he's asking us to give him one.
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
See our full coverage of the campaign season at The Political Scene.
Two hotels in the Old Port want the Portland City Council to take another look at how much noise is allowed at bars and nightclubs, after complaints from guests who have said their stays were disrupted by loud music and boisterous patrons in the streets.
The police department and the City Council will reconvene the city's Sound Oversight Committee in the coming month to examine complaints from the Portland Harbor Hotel and the Hyatt Place Portland, said Police Chief Michael Sauschuck.
A side door to the Bonfire bar on Wharf Street is closed up late at night in the Old Port. Last Friday, the noise made by patrons outside bars sometimes spiked louder than the 92-decibel city limit. Nightclub patrons cross Fore Street in front of the Hyatt Hotel, left, in Portland. Police have few options for quieting hundreds of people who leave the bars en masse at closing time. Whitney Hayward/Staff Photographer Today's Poll
Both are located at the corner of Union and Fore streets, and both have dozens of hotel-room windows overlooking the epicenter of Portland's small but lively nightclub scene on Fore Street and Wharf Street.
Although the bars and clubs appear to be conforming to the letter of the law, which restricts leaked noise to 92 decibels within 8 feet from their doors, internal hotel surveys and reviews by guests on travel websites show that nighttime noise remains a leading complaint, said Hyatt General Manager Alen Sarich and Harbor Hotel General Manager Aaron Black. Weekend nights generate the most complaints.
The hotels say their guests stay there because they appreciate being smack in the middle of Portland's liveliest tourist area, but what is a blessing during the day turns into a curse after dark.
“Our guests like to stay downtown because it's walking distance from restaurants and shops,” said Sarich, who said he has received regular, steady complaints since the hotel opened in May.
Sarich said he has been trying to work with the city, but so far “nothing has changed, unfortunately. It seems to be a slow-going process.”
COMPLAINTS IN ONLINE REVIEWS
Most of the bars and nightclubs in the area were operating for years before the Hyatt opened in May 2014, but the influx of new hotel patrons has exacerbated tensions between people who want to enjoy Old Port night life and hotel guests who want to stay in the historic area, but want peace and quiet late at night.
“We're interested in maintaining a vibrant night life, but at the same time there's going to be a need to manage how many sound leaks from clubs and other places,” said Steve Hewins, executive director of the Portland Downtown District, a nonprofit that advocates for downtown economic development. “That issue's been ongoing for years.”
All over online review sites, the complaints are loud and clear.
“My fiance and I loved the location of the hotel,” a Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, woman wrote on TripAdvisor after a Labor Day weekend stay at the Hyatt. “We woke up the next morning and were able to walk to the ferry in five minutes. … My one big complaint is the noise at night. … It was so noisy in town (music, shouting) that I needed ear plugs to sleep.”
Another reviewer laid the blame at the feet of the hotel developers for not mitigating the problem with sound-proofing material and thicker windows.
“Hyatt dropped the ball by ever approving a franchise for this location without addressing the sound issues,” wrote a North Carolina man who visited Portland in October. “The hotel staff is fighting a losing battle with guest satisfaction.”
Doug Fuss, owner of Bull Feeney's on Fore Street, said the hotel developers could have incorporated more sound-blocking material into their building plans, “but doing so can be expensive.”
PATRONS IN STREETS ARE NOISIEST
On a recent Friday night, a decibel meter showed no bars or clubs in the area exceeding the 92-decibel limit. But the noise made by patrons outside sometimes spiked louder. When the bars closed at 1 a.m., hundreds of people poured into the streets and the intersection of Wharf and Union streets, just beneath dozens of windows in the Portland Harbor Hotel, turned into a de facto cab stand as the crowd broke into smaller groups and packed into waiting taxis. Some people tottered down the street, arm in arm, precariously fording banks of snow.
One patron, Chris LeBlanc, 22, who was waiting outside Pearl Lounge on Fore Street across from the Hyatt, said he, too, had heard a complaint about the noise.
“My aunt was staying at the Hyatt,” LeBlanc said. “She could hear everybody all night.”
The four-person sound oversight committee will be chaired by a non-voting police lieutenant, and will be charged with reviewing the noise complaints. The other members will be a liquor-license holder, a representative appointed by the city manager and a Portland resident. Sauschuck said he expects to recommend to the City Council that the committee be formed within the next three or four weeks.
NO EASY SOLUTION FOR NOW
Meanwhile, the City Council Public Safety Committee also plans to re-examine the noise ordinance.
City Councilor Ed Suslovic, who chairs the committee, said he sees the problem as temporary, with clubs being replaced in the long term by establishments that attract an older, more sophisticated crowd, driven by the neighborhood's rising real estate values.
In the meantime, however, solutions for hotel guests can be elusive, especially when bars are complying with the noise ordinance. Police have few options for quieting hundreds of people who leave the bars en masse at the 1 a.m. closing time.
“I'm not sure how effective the police would be in going up to people and saying, ‘I'm sorry, could you use your inside voice, please?' ” Suslovic said.
Other cities have more restrictive decibel limits. Boston limits decibel levels to 50 from 11 p.m. to 7 a.m. and 70 at all other times. For comparison, the noise intensity in a typical restaurant or office is roughly 60 decibels, and riding in a passenger car at 65 mph registers about 77 decibels.
Portland's 92-decibel limit is roughly equal to the noise intensity of a heavy truck from 25 feet away, a passing subway train heard from the platform or a 737 taking off about a mile away.
This story was updated at 8:35 p.m. Jan. 22 to correct the location of the Portland Harbor Hotel and the Hyatt Place Portland.
Share
The West African regional bloc stands with the people of the Gambia and will apply diplomatic solutions to solve the country's political crisis, the body's chair said Saturday.
The Economic Community of West African States has before threatened to send troops led by neighboring Senegal to the Gambia if President Yahya Jammeh does not step down when his mandate ends on Jan. 19.
The longtime leader lost a Dec. 1 election to opposition coalition candidate Adama Barrow. Jammeh initially conceded, but later called for a new vote. The United Nations, the United States, the European Union and others have united in criticizing him.
Jammeh's party filed a petition to the country's Supreme Court against the election, and a key court ruling is expected Jan. 10.
Liberia President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf said Saturday the West African bloc, which she chairs, hopes diplomacy will help democracy prevail in the Gambia.
“We want to apply diplomatic solutions to solve the problem,” Sirleaf said. Asked if troops would be moved into the Gambia she responded, “No, we want to keep the region peaceful.”
READ MORE: Gambia leader approves law that would jail some gays for life
However, in recognition of the solidifying crisis, the United States on Saturday advised American citizens not to travel to the Gambia “because of the potential for civil unrest and violence in the near future.”
The U.S. State Department also ordered relatives of diplomats and embassy staff to leave Gambia and warned all its citizens to depart now, saying those who choose to stay should “prepare for the possible deterioration of security.”
Sirleaf spoke at the inauguration of Ghana's new president, where she met with other leaders from the regional bloc known as ECOWAS.
President Nana Akufo-Addo was sworn into office in Ghana's capital on Saturday in a peaceful transition following the election last month in which he defeated the incumbent.
READ MORE: Justin Trudeau calls for gender equality in Africa and the world on first day in Liberia
“We call on the people of the Gambia to follow the example of Ghana by accepting democratic rule,” Sirleaf said.
Sirleaf said West Africa cannot go back to a time when most countries were under military rule.
Jammeh seized power in a bloodless coup in 1994, and his administration has been accused of gross human rights violations including arbitrary detentions and deaths in custody of political opponents.
The musician, novelist and screenwriter talks about the new direction of his latest album with the Bad Seeds, Pushes The Sky Away ( listen to it here ) – and his prolific output over the past few years
It is a Thursday morning and Nick Cave – tanned and beautifully suited – is receiving the press in the upstairs room of a charming gastropub in Brighton's Kemptown. Born in Australia and variously resident over the years in Berlin, London and São Paulo, he has spent the past decade becoming one of the seaside town's most celebrated residents. Rock king Cave, as the local paper persists in referring to him when he makes its pages, seems remarkably visible around the town, perhaps because – nothing if not a proper pop star – he declines to dress down. The present writer once saw him in DIY superstore Homebase, dressed almost exactly as he is now: some years ago, a journalist who suggested he might consider kicking back in a pair of jeans and some trainers at weekends was given very short shrift indeed.
Brighton has even found its way into his new album, Push The Sky Away. The cover was shot in his bedroom, a few streets away from where we are sitting. It features his wife, model Susie Bick, naked, something Cave is at pains to point out wasn't his idea. He walked in on his wife's photoshoot for a French magazine, the photographer happened to press the shutter button and that was that: "I was more reluctant to use it than she was, to be honest." The city seeps into the lyrics too, on a song called Jubilee Street: the titular home of Headmasters' hairdressers, the Jubilee Library and a branch of Tesco Express rather improbably taking its place amid what you might call the more classic Cavian lyrical concerns of violence, sex and strikingly drawn visions of Armageddon.
Cave remains rock's premier purveyor of the latter, capable of seeing intimations of the end times in the most unlikely places. "Texting is apocalyptic on some level," he muses, when the title of Push The Sky Away's first single, We No Who U R is mentioned. "It's a reduction of things. Maybe the last book, the last thing that ever gets written is just a bye, you know, goodbye in text speak."
The thing is, he says, he didn't really want to move to Brighton in the first place: it was his wife's idea. Before that, his visits to the town had left a rather negative impression. "Brighton," he notes drily, "was where I used to come to try to get clean. So all I knew about the place was sweating it out in a hotel room for three days."
Cave has protested in the past about the cliche of journalists contrasting his past (dissolute, drug-sodden, given to punching audience members and interviewers alike, so bohemian in his personal arrangements that his two eldest children were born 10 days apart to women on different continents) with his latterday life as a happily married, teetotal, non-smoking musical elder statesman, charming and witty interviewee and polymath man of letters: the author not merely of 19 albums, but two novels, the foreword to an edition of the Gospel According To Mark and two films: 2005's award-garlanded The Proposition and 2012's more coolly received Lawless.
But sometimes it's hard even for him not to juxtapose the present with the past. Push The Sky Away was recorded in a residential studio in France. In the video of the album's making, it looks rather beautiful, but nevertheless, it was an experiment in communal living that even now he seems faintly astonished the band undertook. "I don't think anybody of our age, settled in our ways, wants to go and live with a bunch of other guys like that for three weeks in a place where you can't even leave the grounds. You're in this room, then when you've finished in the evening, you go up the stairs, go to sleep, then come back down the stairs and go straight back into this room. It was intense. It's like fuckin' rehab or something like that. Like happy rehab if such a thing exists." He frowns. "Actually, let's forget happy rehab because that's going to end up the headline. It wasn't actually like rehab. But the intensity of the experience was. I really liked it."
Had they ever tried anything like the whole communal living thing before? He raises an incredulous eyebrow. "Are you kidding me?" Then he laughs. "I mean, there were certainly times in the past when no one was able to leave the studio. Tony Cohen, who produced a lot of Bad Seeds and Birthday Party stuff, was a case in point. One time he went missing for two days. We thought he'd gone and scored and ODed or something, he just didn't come back. And then, two days later, he emerged from the air-conditioning unit. He'd crawled in there and passed out. He just sort of came out of this big pipe – oh, there he is – and went: 'Anyway, where were we?'"
Cave says the surroundings influenced Push The Sky Away's "journeying and atmospheric" sound: it feels markedly different either to the churning garage rock of its predecessor, Dig Lazarus Dig!!!, or the visceral din of Grinderman, his side-project with fellow Bad Seeds Warren Ellis, Jim Sclavunos and Martyn P Casey. He was keen, he says, to "move away from guitar-orientated music and that classic Nick Cave ballad style, to let a little bit of air and a little bit of light in". Still, as he points out, some things never change. "I don't think the lyrical concerns have altered particularly."
The deluxe edition comes with a facsimile of the notebook Cave worked out the album's lyrics in. "Some of it's dreadful and painful to read, but I just thought – what the fuck," he says, before getting the actual notebook out and offering me a brief precis of his working methods. "Pages and pages of absolute shit," he sighs, turning them over. "Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit. And just every now and then something, little tiny ideas start to come out."
Nick Cave onstage with The Birthday Party, 1981. Photograph: David Corio
Certainly, the book provides an insight into the formation of Push The Sky Away's denser lyrics, including Higgs Boson Blues, a phantasmagoria of apocalyptic imagery that takes in not merely the discovery of the subatomic particle by the Hadron Collider, but Robert Johnson, the assassination of Martin Luther King and Miley Cyrus. The Disney starlet ends the song "floating in a pool", apparently the latest addition to the burgeoning cast of ladies who meet grisly ends in Cave songs. "Well, I don't know that she's face down," he frowns. "Maybe she's on a lilo. In some ways, if she is lying on a lilo then it's even more of a devastating image, considering the nature of the song and the absolute spiritual collapse that's happening all around her. No, let's say she's just on a lilo. Let me just say: I've got nothing particular against Miley Cyrus. The whole thing came about because I was in Madame Tussauds with my kids and they were hugging Miley Cyrus's waxwork. Elizabeth Taylor as Cleopatra was in the next room. They were groping Miley Cyrus, and I'm going, well, hang on a second, you've got Elizabeth Taylor here. 'Who?' And that had some impact on me, and that's why she's floating in the pool."
Cave once said that he became interested in scriptwriting because "it's a more effective medium for violence than songs". Today, however, he not only seems unsure if he still thinks that ("I must have said that to the American press," he deadpans) or even if he still wants to write film scripts at all. On the one hand, he has "dear friends" in Hollywood, and there is "still a lot of talk" of making a film of his novel The Death Of Bunny Munro, about a priapic, drink-sodden travelling salesman in early Noughties Brighton. On the other, he says, scriptwriting is "fucking dog work".
"It's bottom feeding," he says. "There's an element of it that's interesting, and I can do it and I can do it fast, but now that I've worked it out, it doesn't really hold much appeal for me. I don't see what else I can do in that area that's of any interest. It's really doing something for somebody else."
Performing Where the Wild Roses Grow with Kylie Minogue, 1996. Photograph: Brian Rasic/Rex Features
He appears to have been slightly worn down by the experience of working on Lawless, which apparently involved much rewriting. "On Lawless, there was an unbelievable amount of note-taking. I think it was in the end compromising … in the end I wrote things that I'm embarrassed about. I mean, they're not going to like me saying that, but fuck it. There are just a couple of things here and there, but it only takes a line or two and that's all you can hear. I still think Lawless is a great film, I'm really, really pleased with it. But sometimes too many people get involved, I think. What you're really after when you see a film or listen to a song is a singular vision, and I'm not sure how much of that you really get in Hollywood."
For an artist with a remarkable body of work behind him – and who is furthermore in the midst of a creative purple patch during which critical adoration seems to be a foregone conclusion – Cave occasionally seems a surprisingly self-doubting character. After 30 years of live performance, the prospect of getting onstage still fills him with "fucking dread". Whenever he releases a record, he says, he finds himself gripped by the fear that he is "going to be exposed, people are going to realise I was never really that good anyway, someone's going to come round and find out I was supposed to be a different person or something like that".
Much as he doesn't like the subject, it may be at least partly linked to the sheer disparity between the extremes of his life. A few years ago, he says, he was given a doctorate by the same university he had dropped out of 30 years earlier. "There was some sort of dark energy I was tapping into because I'd failed, I'd basically failed the school that's giving me the doctorate. And as I was stepping out the door to pick up the doctorate, I said so to my mother. And my mother …" His voice trails off. "She'll kill me for saying this, because she's a very dignified woman. But my mother said: 'Head high and fuck 'em all.'" He laughs. "She's 85."
There's part of him that would like to retire, he says. "I think that's the greatest feat of artistic honesty there can be. To lay down the gloves and say, that's it. But I don't feel I'm there, I don't feel I've arrived at the finishing line. Maybe that's how everyone feels who just goes on and on and on and you think, fuck, I wish they'd stop. But I would love to be in a position to retire, to just say: 'OK, I love the life that I have and I love the people around me and I'm quite happy to spend time with them and not do anything.'"
Nick Cave with the Bad Seeds. Photograph: Cat Stevens
But his output seems more torrential than ever: since he turned 50 in 2007, he has made four albums – two with the Bad Seeds, two with Grinderman – scored and recorded seven film soundtracks, published both a novel and his collected lyrics, and written a film. "To a fault, I get overexcited by things. So someone says to me: 'Do you want to do this?' And I'll go: 'Oh yeah! I can do that! I can do that! Sure!' And then a week later, I'm like, oh fuck, I've got to do that fucking thing. It's a bit of a problem for me and it's a problem for the people I work with. I say yes to things when I'm not supposed to be saying yes to things."
He smiles and says, rather heavily. "But now I've fucked up my entire screenplay-writing career singlehandedly with this one interview, I've probably got loads of time on my hands. Anything out there? I do theatre, standup."
Push the Sky Away is released on Monday 18 February. Watch Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds live in concert in Los Angeles on Thursday 21 February at guardian.co.uk/nick-cave-live. The band tour the US and Australia in March, including a performance at the Adelaide festival on 3 March.The Guardian is the festival's 2013 partner, supported by Emirates.
This article contains affiliate links, which means we may earn a small commission if a reader clicks through and makes a purchase. All our journalism is independent and is in no way influenced by any advertiser or commercial initiative.
The links are powered by Skimlinks. By clicking on an affiliate link, you accept that Skimlinks cookies will be set. More information.
Photo
As I explored the captivating world of Nier, unearthing its mysteries and reveling in its characters, I could not stop thinking about Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and his brethren on the Supreme Court of the United States.
Last week the court announced that it would take up the question of whether states may regulate the sale of video games to minors in a way that has not applied to books, films, visual art, music and other media. Put simply, the crux of the matter is whether the legal concept of obscenity, which has traditionally applied only to sexually explicit material, will be extended to cover depictions of violence. If the court does expand the meaning of what society considers obscene, rather than merely offensive, states will be free to regulate games that include violence, as they do magazines that include nudity.
Is it too much to ask that the justices actually play some modern video games as they consider this? Probably. One suspects that at least a couple of them already harbor a secret obsession with the likes of Minesweeper, Tetris, Solitaire or Bejeweled — as do so many desk jockeys — but it seems sadly unlikely that many, if any, of them will ever actually sit on a couch with controller in hand.
Yet an interactive experience can never be truly understood through noninteractive video clips. What distinguishes an electronic game from older forms of mass entertainment is that the game must be actively participated in, rather than merely viewed, to be fully comprehended. It is only through a player's sense of responsibility, direction and individual agency that the pictures on the screen come to assume real meaning.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Now it may turn out that as a legal matter the First Amendment issues involved in this case are so overarching that developing a personal understanding of the actual medium itself is irrelevant. But I hope not. And I hope that if the justices ask their young clerks to bring in one recent game for them to check out they bring in Nier. Nier does many different things at such a high level of sophistication and accessibility that I cannot think of another single game of recent years that more faithfully represents the sheer intellectual breadth of modern video games.
reedit: older version Here! [link] EDIT: 1 more hour PS..took alot of comments for this.. made the aliens 'wetter', looks better imo, more like gigers slimey feelreverted the secondary focus to the marines.. also added more marines (those 3 in the back with 'lanterns' and structures to help define depth and area.. ) ..also chose red for lanterns cause it looked like roses from distancegives a nice feel to a rather drab pic...er.. tha lanterns are actually their glowing visorshoep u like it better now..!1-2 hours PS 6.0A base sketch to help a friend out (he loves Giger's alien) also used as a sketch practice for an upcoming contribution concept art (ill post on DA ^^) that consist of a pack of were-people [a sci-fi clive barker meets mad max type world.. its an MMORPG btwalso played with more colours to see how 'fun' it could bei had to tone it down in the end, so meh!
Andy Spade's apartment is exactly the kind of place you want to call home. When we arrived, he and his wife, Kate, were in spirits that are uncommonly good for a Thursday afternoon—a side effect of a birthday celebration from earlier in the day. The walls are covered in art, and while a lot of these old-school, art-filled Park Avenue joints have a museum quality to them, theirs has much more of a gallery feel to it (that's way better, as far as we're concerned). There are Andy Warhols and Gerhard Richters hanging alongside their daughter's paintings, giving the whole place an enviable, livable quality. Over a Corona and a cigarette, Spade shared some insight into his home, art collecting, and life in general.
Andy Spade's Apartment Is Everywhere You Want to Be
A good thing to take from all this, if nothing else: Make sure your house doesn't stink. Get a candle. (Also, a vintage watch if budget allows.)
There are plenty of antiques in this house, no question. But none of it feels old or stodgy. That's thanking in part to Andy and Kate's eye for color and shape. A few bright spots will make your place feel new, welcoming, and not boring AF.
If you ever run out of wall space, remember there's always other options. Try an easel, as Spade did with this Lowell Boyers painting.
Not really a dining room table until you throw some candlesticks on there. They don't even have to match. Honestly.
Off to the side of the main living room is the red room, which Andy describes as “our room.” The walls here have a John Baldessari photo, a Gerhard Richter, and several Rorschach prints (they collect those, too).
Nearly all the surfaces in the home are covered with books, artifacts, and whatever else the pair have collected over the past twenty or thirty years. That includes works by the likes of David Armstrong, David Hockney, and Elaine de Kooning. (The above sketch is by an unidentified artist.)
There's an abundance of everything in the house. That's not a bad thing in this case—it brings character. As Spade put it, “We moved in about fifteen years ago. We left it the same; we just made it ours.”
There's plenty to look at, but in the living room the immediate focus is on a large Richard Serra painting that hangs over the fireplace.
The long corridor off to the side is covered in art as well, but in a different way. It's more uniform, as opposed to the more haphazard salon walls in the entryway. One isn't necessarily better than the other; it's just a matter of preference.
As soon as you walk through the door, you're slammed (in the best way) by an entryway covered in frames, tacked-up papers, and photos. It's the interiors equivalent of a good handshake. “You can see what you like or not like, it doesn't matter to me. That's my daughter's art up there, that's a friend of mine's, that's mine,” Spade said, describing the collection.
Before embarking on Sleepy Jones, the brand that makes pajamas cool as shit, and before he became a founding partner of creative agency Partners & Spade, Andy Spade made a name for himself (along with his wife) with the wildly popular Kate Spade and Jack Spade accessories lines. He's since sold the business but maintains all that trademark wit, humor, and style.
As soon as you walk through the door, you're slammed (in the best way) by an entryway covered in frames, tacked-up papers, and photos. It's the interiors equivalent of a good handshake. “You can see what you like or not like, it doesn't matter to me. That's my daughter's art up there, that's a friend of mine's, that's mine,” Spade said, describing the collection. The Entryway
(Yes, we took a selfie.) One Crazy-Ass Mirror
The long corridor off to the side is covered in art as well, but in a different way. It's more uniform, as opposed to the more haphazard salon walls in the entryway. One isn't necessarily better than the other; it's just a matter of preference. The Long Game
There's plenty to look at, but in the living room the immediate focus is on a large Richard Serra painting that hangs over the fireplace. Inside the Living Room
There's an abundance of everything in the house. That's not a bad thing in this case—it brings character. As Spade put it, “We moved in about fifteen years ago. We left it the same; we just made it ours.” Start Collecting Frames
Nearly all the surfaces in the home are covered with books, artifacts, and whatever else the pair have collected over the past twenty or thirty years. That includes works by the likes of David Armstrong, David Hockney, and Elaine de Kooning. (The above sketch is by an unidentified artist.) It's All in the Details
Matt Martin Off to the side of the main living room is the red room, which Andy describes as “our room.” The walls here have a John Baldessari photo, a Gerhard Richter, and several Rorschach prints (they collect those, too). The Red Room
Not really a dining room table until you throw some candlesticks on there. They don't even have to match. Honestly. The Dining Room
If you ever run out of wall space, remember there's always other options. Try an easel, as Spade did with this Lowell Boyers painting. The Wall-Less Move
There are plenty of antiques in this house, no question. But none of it feels old or stodgy. That's thanking in part to Andy and Kate's eye for color and shape. A few bright spots will make your place feel new, welcoming, and not boring AF. Always a Bright Spot
WASHINGTON – A pair of senators from President Donald Trump‘s own Republican Party blistered him with criticism Tuesday in a dramatic day of denunciation that laid bare a GOP at war with itself. Jeff Flake of Arizona declared he would not be “complicit” with Trump and announced his surprise retirement, while Bob Corker of Tennessee declared the president “debases our nation” with constant untruths and name-calling.
Corker, too, is retiring at the end of his term, and the White House shed no tears at the prospect of the two GOP senators' departures. A former adviser to Steve Bannon, Trump's ex-strategic adviser, called it all “a monumental victory for the Trump movement,” and Trump himself boasted to staff members that he'd played a role in forcing the senators out.
READ MORE: Republican Sen. Jeff Flake announces he won't run again with powerful anti-Trump speech
It was a stunning rebuke of a sitting president from prominent members of his own party – and added to a chorus of criticism of Trump that has been growing louder and more public. Flake challenged his fellow senators to follow his lead, but there were few immediate signs they would.
WATCH: White House says Jeff Flake, Bob Corker were not likely to get re-elected
At midafternoon, as fellow lawmakers sat in attentive silence, Flake stood at his Senate desk and delivered an emotional speech in which he dissected what he considered his party's accommodations with Trump and said he could no longer play a role in them.
“We were not made great as a country by indulging in or even exalting our worst impulses, turning against ourselves, glorifying in the things that divide us and calling fake things true and true things fake,” he said.
Hours earlier, Corker levelled his own searing criticism of Trump in a series of interviews.
“I think the debasement of our nation will be what he'll be remembered most for and that's regretful,” Corker said.
A furious Trump didn't let that pass unremarked. On Twitter, he called Corker “incompetent,” said he “doesn't have a clue” and claimed the two-term lawmaker “couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee.”
READ MORE: Donald Trump says Bob Corker ‘couldn't get elected dog catcher' amid Twitter feud
An overstatement to be sure, but White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders said in regard to the impending retirements, “The people both in Tennessee and Arizona supported this president, and I don't think that the numbers are in the favour of either of those two senators in their states and so I think this was probably the right decision.”
WATCH: Jeff Flake compares Trump presidency to McCarthy-ism
Away from the cameras, Trump took credit for helping force the two departures, according to a White House official and an outside adviser, who insisted on anonymity to discuss private conversations.
Until Tuesday, Flake had insisted he had no plans to retire. He was raising money at a good rate and casting his re-election campaign as a test case of conservatism against Trumpism. But he made clear Tuesday he'd concluded that, for now at least, Trumpism had prevailed.
“It is clear at this moment that a traditional conservative who believes in limited government and free markets, who is devoted to free trade, who is pro-immigration, has a narrower and narrower path to nomination in the Republican Party,” he said.
Corker's retirement plans also underscore the question of what the Republican Party will look like in years to come. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky has warned that some candidates running with the backing of Trump allies could not win general elections. And even if they make it to the Senate, certain conservatives could make McConnell's job even harder as he tries to manoeuvr legislation through a narrow majority that now stands at 52-48.
READ MORE: Americans would rather train for new jobs, than bring back old ones: poll
Steven Law, head of a McConnell-allied super PAC that supports GOP incumbents and establishment-aligned candidates, wasted no time issuing a statement declaring that Republican former state Sen. Kelli Ward, who was running against Flake with the encouragement of Bannon, “will not be the Republican nominee for this Senate seat in 2018.” Many fellow Republicans had expected Flake to lose the primary and hope they will now be able to recruit a stronger candidate.
There was celebration in the Bannon anti-establishment camp. Said Andy Surabian, former Bannon adviser and now senior adviser to the Great America Alliance “Today's announcement from Sen. Flake that he would not run for re-election is a monumental win for the entire Trump movement and should serve as another warning shot to the failed Republican establishment that backed Flake and others like them that their time is up.”
WATCH: Trump doesn't expect Corker feud to effect push for massive tax cuts
Talking principle rather than politics, Flake said on the Senate floor, “We must be unafraid to stand up and speak out as if our country depends on it, because it does. I plan to spend the remaining 14 months of my Senate term doing just that.”
Earlier Corker had said of Trump, “His governing model is to divide and to attempt to bully and to use untruths.” He said that he and others in the party had attempted to intervene with Trump over the months, sometimes at the behest of White House officials, but “he's obviously not going to rise to the occasion as president.”
“Unfortunately I think world leaders are very aware that much of what he says is untrue,” Corker said.
In between the broadsides from Corker and Flake, Trump himself made a rare visit to the Capitol to join GOP senators for their weekly policy lunch. Senators said he did not joust with Corker or anyone else – or spend much time talking about a tax overhaul, the expected topic for the lunch.
WATCH: Trump picks fight with ‘Liddle' Bob Corker
Tax overhaul is an urgent task for Republicans who've failed to notch a single significant legislative achievement this year despite controlling the White House and both chambers of Congress. Trump did discuss it, yet it was hardly his focus.
Instead, senators said, he mixed in a review of accomplishments so far on the regulatory front and others. At one point, he essentially polled senators on whom he should nominate as the next Federal Reserve chairman, asking for a show of hands on various candidates. He tweeted later that he had received “Multiple standing ovations!”
McConnell sidestepped reporters' questions about Corker's characterization of Trump.
“We're going to concentrate on what our agenda is, and not any of these other distractions that you all may be interested in,” he said.
However, even for Republicans who had no intention of seconding Flake's comments, the import of the day's developments was not lost.
“It's counterproductive when Republicans are battling amongst themselves,” said Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas.
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment in time I never thought I would live to see. This is the column I never thought I would write.Manchester City, the club and the team I've supported for the best part of six decades, will tonight lock horns with Napoli in the biggest and best club competition on the planet.I am looking again at that second paragraph and I can't believe what I've just written. For this ageing old hack, it's quite literally a dream come true.Only a couple of years ago, I had reconciled myself to the fact that I would pop off to meet my maker without watching my Blessed Blues ever again winning anything of real significance.After enjoying a lifestyle which Oliver Reed would have envied, I reckoned it would be a miracle if I achieved the Bible's target of three score years and 10.All I had was my memories to fall back on. The two FA Cup finals against Newcastle and Birmingham in the late 50s, but even more vividly the wonderful team assembled by Joe Mercer and Malcolm Allison which triumphed at home and in Europe in the late 60s and early 70s.City fans of a certain vintage will know instantly what I'm talking about when I say that the team which won the First Division title in 1968 was built around the ‘Holy Trinity' – Mike Summerbee, Francis Lee and Colin Bell. Three of the greatest players in my club's history. But to suggest it was a ‘three-man team' which clinched the title on the final day of that season against Newcastle would be an injustice to players like Neil Young, Alan Oakes and skipper Tony Book, who were among the unsung heroes of that glorious period.Today, I was going to talk about the new ‘Holy Trinity' at the Etihad Stadium, which is dazzling the Eastlands congregation and bamboozling opponents in equal measure.David Silva, Carlos Tevez and newboy Sergio Aguero. Three tiny players with talents twice their size. A master craftsman, a turbo engine on legs and a player born to score goals. But then I looked at Roberto Mancini's senior squad. Samir Nasri. So, it wasn't the Holy Trinity it was the Holy Quartet. Then I spotted Edin Dzeko. So it became the Holy Quintet.Wait a moment, what about Vincent Kompany, Nigel De Jong, Ya Ya Toure and Joe Hart? There is no Holy Trinity or Holy Quartet at the Etihad Stadium. What Mancini has assembled is a Holy Team from top to bottom.It frightens me to say this because football has a nasty habit of biting you on the bum but I genuinely believe that what my fellow Blue Mooners are now watching is the best team in the world. Mancini with typical Italian caution maintains that his team are not yet at that level. But there again, he would say that, wouldn't he?It's true that Mancini is managing a new team. But great players – genuinely great players – don't need a settling in period when joining a new club.Did Tevez need time to settle down when he switched from Red to Blue? Did Silva need time to display his magical talents on the Premier League stage?And if Aguero is still adjusting to the demands of our top flight then heaven help the rest of City's opponents when he finally finds his feet.Much has been made of the highly-publicised ‘project', which began on that heaven- sent day when Sheikh Mansour and his family took control at Eastlands.I have watched that project developing from day one and I am now totally convinced that the project has reached its destination.Everywhere you look through Mancini's team, from goalkeeper to winger, you see quality of the very highest order.Our ‘friends' from the Theatre of Dreams will swear that I am looking at the world through blue-tinted specs but I believe that City today are a better team than United.Neutrals will insist that Barcelona are the best team on the planet and Lionel Messi the best player in the world.The Blessed Blues will prove those neutrals wrong, either this season or in the season to follow.And, to my mind, they have already been proved wrong about Messi. The best player in the world plies his trade at the Etihad Stadium and his name is David Silva.So here I am, nudging closer to that three score years and 10 targets.Mental faculties are diminishing and the ticker needs a good overhaul. I can't drink as much as I once did (drat) but I am making up for that by smoking more.So it's a race against time. I'm supporting a club which, at the moment, stands on the very edge of greatness.I'm grateful just to be still alive to witness the level City stand at today. But I've got greedy this past couple of years.It's new wonderful memories I want to take with me when I finally pop my clogs.So I would urge Roberto and his Holy Team to get a move on!I already believe that my beloved Blues are the best team in England.Tonight, against Napoli, they can take the first step towards becoming the best team in Europe.Do that for this liverish old hack Roberto and I'll put in a good word for you when I go and meet that great manager up in the sky.
Breaking: AT&T to Pay Government $105 Million For Cramming I've noted for years that while the government likes to take smaller companies quickly to task for cramming, they've long ignored the role larger telecom carriers play in the practice. That changed today after the FTC and FCC held a joint press conference announcing that AT&T would be settling a government investigation into their role in helping facilitate cramming. According to a FTC announcement, AT&T will pay $80 million to the FTC, $20 million in penalties and fees to all fifty states, and another $5 million to the FCC.
According to the FTC, AT&T turned a blind eye while a myriad of companies billed the company's customers for a variety of services they never asked for -- usually to the tune of $10 or so a month. The complaint states that AT&T usually kept around 35% of the proceeds, incentivizing the carrier's apathy and encouragement of the practice. The settlement notes that customers are also eligible for refunds, and if they were a victim of AT&T's cramming practices can apply for a refund here. The agency states that their investigation found that at times, user complaints impacted as many as 40% of AT&T subscriptions in a month. The agency notes that in 2011 alone, AT&T received more than 1.3 million calls to its customer service department about the charges. Yet despite this customer outrage AT&T made it increasingly more difficult for consumers to get refunds. The company in 2011 actually reduced the number of months of bogus charges they were willing to provide refunds for from three to two, and the FTC states AT&T intentionally designed their bill appearance to make ferreting out these charges more difficult. As I've noted in the past, AT&T certainly isn't alone in turning a blind eye to this practice, and you can probably expect similar settlements with Sprint and Verizon before long. The FTC sued T-Mobile earlier this year for their role in cramming, and that case is currently ongoing. Pressure mounted on regulators to finally start doing something when a 2012 study by the Senate Commerce Science and Transportation Committee found that landline consumers alone were charged $10 billion in third-party, unauthorized fees during a five year span. The study also found that AT&T, Qwest, Verizon and CenturyLink made at least $650 million as their cut during that time period. Only once landline usage was all but dead did carriers outright ban cramming on landlines in 2012. Sensing regulatory scrutiny, AT&T finally discontinued billing for premium wireless SMS service in December of last year. While AT&T probably makes $105 million in the time it took you to read this, the government finally doing its job and addressing such obvious fraud is still a win for end users who've been dealing with these obnoxious, bogus charges for years. Update: I received the following statement from AT&T: quote: In the past, our wireless customers could purchase services like ringtones from other companies using Premium Short Messaging Services (PSMS) and we would put those charges on their bills. Other wireless carriers did the same. While we had rigorous protections in place to guard consumers against unauthorized billing from these companies, last year we discontinued third-party billing for PSMS services. Today, we reached a broad settlement to resolve claims that some of our wireless customers were billed for charges from third-parties that the customers did not authorize. This settlement gives our customers who believe they were wrongfully billed for PSMS services the ability to get a refund.
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 26 comments
jseymour
join:2009-12-11
Waterford, MI ·Comcast Business
2 recommendations jseymour Member How I Handled It At Work I'm the "IT Guy" at work, which means I handle the phones and the TelCom contracts. I also sign off on the bills/invoices.
About the third time one of these bogus charges showed up, and I was obliged to spend time on the phone with the thing that calls itself "at&t" (this never happened with the real AT&T, btw), and them telling me there was nothing they could do about it, I told them it would stop and it would stop immediately. They tried to blow me off. I informed them, in no uncertain terms, that I was going to waste no further time on the phone with them, stopping "services" and getting charges reversed for stuff we did not request. That, going forward, I would instruct Accounts Payable to simply deduct the bogus charges and pay the balance. They tried to tell me "You can't do that." "Watch me, now," I told them in return. "And if you make the mistake of trying to send bills for bogus charges to collections, the whole thing'll end up with the FCC and FTC."
That's when the customer non-service rep. said "Oh, well, you can have your account flagged with a 'no 3rd party charges' flag." How about that? They could make it stop.
That, btw, was just one of many, many problems I've had with the thing that now calls itself "at&t." I avoid them to the extent possible. About the worst company with which I've ever had to do business.
Jim
Word of mouth, a phrase that first crops up in Twelfth Night, is the holy grail of book publishing. Good reviews and literary festivals are all very well. But with the wind of many voices in its sails, a book can reach millions. Word of mouth made Dan Brown and JK Rowling. As the world's publishers fly into London for the book fair tomorrow, word of mouth will be what they crave for their titles.
Some of them will go to any lengths to stimulate the phenomenon. One leftwing 1930s publisher, Victor Gollancz, used to bribe his staff to read his books on the Underground. No one could miss their lurid yellow covers. Perhaps a casual commuter conversation would inspire sales mania.
With the advent of social networking, word of mouth begins to enter the realm of science, at least in theory. Actually, despite Twitter, Facebook and the rest, publishers are finding it as difficult as ever to mobilise that elusive thing, the viral conversation about a new book that translates into worldwide sales.
That doesn't stop them from trying. John Murray is about to publish James Frey's The Final Testament of the Holy Bible, a transgressive version of the Gospels. Frey, a seasoned contrarian, is good at attracting attention, not necessarily of the right kind. Ever since he was exposed for passing off his fiction A Million Little Pieces as a misery memoir, he has been the object of controversy.
Murray has cleverly decided to exploit this with a YouTube video of vox pop interviews about The Final Testament. Murray's MD, Roland Phillips, says: "We are getting into a new arena. We hope to inspire word of mouth. It's the best way to sell books, especially today. People don't like to be told what to read, but to make their own discoveries."
What, exactly, is this mysterious phenomenon? A comforting short -hand to explain the inexplicable? Dava Sobels's Longitude got no more, or better, reviews than several other books in 1995, but sold like hot cakes. Tony Parsons's Man and Boy got a mixed press, but went straight to the top of the bestseller list. Is it just readers on trains and buses, or at dinner tables, telling their neighbour, "You must read this" that does it ?
I don't think so. The key to word of mouth lies in the milieu into which the unknown book is released. Appropriately, the classic case is The Tipping Point by Malcolm Gladwell, a book about the little things that make a difference in the marketplace. When it first appeared in 2000, The Tipping Point excited only modest comment. The reviews were scattered and lukewarm. It was not until Gladwell, an entrancing speaker, went out on the road to talk to professional groups across America that The Tipping Point "tipped".
In a practical sense, Gladwell created his own word of mouth. To generate a surprise bestseller, the publisher needs to create a community around the book and its author in which the readers believe that their aspirations can be understood, their beliefs nurtured and their anxieties addressed. That's what a successful book will do.
This helps to explain two word-of-mouth phenomena, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood by Rebecca Wells and Eats, Shoots & Leaves by Lynne Truss. Ya-Ya Sisterhood first popped up on a bestseller list in northern California. In the days when such things were a novelty, it was a "book-group book". Then readers started to come to Wells's readings. They didn't just buy the book for themselves, they bought it for their family and friends. Word about Ya-Ya Sisterhood spread nationwide. Wells spent a year on book tour, and sold millions.
Eats, Shoots and Leaves, a global bestseller, appealed to a much larger, but more informal community: anyone who felt that the world is going to hell in a handcart and that, more to the point, believed that all their fears could be illustrated by the decline of English usage. Truss said her book was a "zero tolerance approach to punctuation". But it wasn't really about grammar and punctuation, it was about bourgeois fear. Word of mouth: the marriage of enthusiasm and anxiety.
The literary world will miss you, Christopher
Christopher Sinclair-Stevenson has long been one of the timeless figures on the London literary scene. He made his debut as an author in the 1970s with Inglorious Rebellion, wrote an admired book on Anglo-French relations (That Sweet Enemy); and subsequently, as an editor, published the early works of Paul Theroux, Jane Gardam, AN Wilson, Peter Ackroyd, and William Boyd. Lately he has been a publisher and literary agent. His eponymous imprint is now bowing out with the recent launch of Giles St Aubyn's impressive study of Victorian faith, Souls in Torment, but he will continue as an old-style man of letters who refuses to be pigeonholed. According to one literary website "there are no categories or genres listed for this agent". I wish him well in his busy retirement.
From the art of fiction to a much broader canvas
Reg Gadney, the acclaimed author of Just When We Are Safest and several Alan Rosslyn thrillers, started his literary career writing about Constable and has a second, more private reputation as an artist. Gadney usually keeps his artistic side well hidden and disdains bohemian ostentation. "I like the idea of being a bourgeois painter in a suit," he says, "like Magritte." He hasn't published a thriller since 2003 (The Scholar of Extortion), but an exhibition, Reg Gadney: New Landscapes, has just opened at Celia Lendis Contemporary in Moreton-in-Marsh, Gloucestershire. The collection is a powerful celebration of solitude and silence. "When I breathe in," says Gadney, quoting a Japanese poet, "there is a sound in my body sadder than the winter wind." Exactly.
President-elect Donald Trump said in a wide-ranging interview with “60 Minutes” that his role of appointing a Supreme Court justice is “very important” -- and that he plans to appoint pro-life justices.
“I'm pro-life,” he said. “The judges will be pro-life.”
President-elect Trump's business plans
Asked specifically whether he wants the Supreme Court to repeal the landmark Roe v. Wade decision, which legalized abortion nationwide, Trump replied that if the decision were overturned the issue of abortion would be decided by each state.
“If it ever were overturned, it would go back to the states,” he said.
But does that mean some women would be unable to receive abortions, assuming their home states ban them? Asked to clarify, Trump replied: “Yeah, well, they'll perhaps have to go, they'll have to go to another state.”
When Stahl followed up on the question, asking whether it's okay that some women might have to travel to other states to receive abortions, Trump said there's a “long way to go” before discussing that.
“Well, we'll see what happens,” he said. “It's got a long way to go, just so you understand. That has a long, long way to go.”
The issue of Supreme Court appointments will be one of the first decisions facing Trump: since Justice Antonin Scalia's death last February, there has been one vacant seat on the nation's highest court. President Obama nominated Merrick Garland to fill Scalia's seat, but congressional Republicans refused to give Garland a hearing or vote on his nomination.
Trump has said throughout his campaign that he is pro life -- and at one point this year suggested there should be “some form of punishment” for women who undergo abortions. His campaign later clarified that he meant if abortion were outlawed, that doctors who perform abortions should be punished.
Melania Trump speaks up if husband crosses line
And during the third presidential debate, he suggested that third-trimester abortions were currently legal and that Clinton supported allowing them -- both things which are not true.
“You can take the baby and rip the baby out of womb, in the ninth month, on the final day,” he said. “And that's acceptable.”
Trump added that his Supreme Court nominees would also be “very pro-Second Amendment.”
As for same-sex marriage, Trump said after the Supreme Court ruling last year it's the law of the land -- and that he is “fine” with that being the case.
“It's irrelevant because it was already settled. It's law,” he said. “It was settled in the Supreme Court. I mean it's done … these cases have gone to the Supreme Court. They've been settled. And-- I th-- I'm-- I'm fine with that.”
VATICAN CITY, Oct. 29 (UPI) -- Pope Benedict XVI says he believes scientists who deny the existence of God are wrong, that God exists and that he did create the universe.
The pope did not mention names but was clearly referring to physicist and mathematician Stephen Hawking, who proposed in a book published last month that the laws of physics can account for the creation of the world and that a supreme being is not required, CNN reported.
Despite differing with that view, the pope praised science and scientists in an address to the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, saying the role of science is to reveal God in the universe.
"Scientists do not create the world; they learn about it and attempt to imitate it," he said.
Observing the universe, as scientists do, "leads us to admit the existence of an all-powerful Reason, which is other than that of man, and which sustains the world," the pope said.
In his book, "The Grand Design," Hawking said that, given the existence of gravity, "the universe can and will create itself from nothing."
"It is not necessary to invoke God to light the blue touch paper [fuse] and set the universe going," he wrote.
It appears that Kosuke Kimura wasted no time in getting back into the game during the MLS off season and perhaps in part because he knew a huge shake up was coming for the Portland Timbers. Regardless, according to Wisla Krakow's website, the current Portland Timbers right back defender is on trial with the club, which plays in the first division football league: Ekstraklasa.
According to the website:
Monday tests the team Wisla Krakow defender Kosuke start Kimura Japanese. Player of the season recently ended in the American MLS league where teams represented the Colorado Rapids and Portland Timbers. He is currently a free agent.
Forgive the rough translation, Google apparently is a bit rusty with its Polish.
In any case, there are two things here worth mentioning:
First, the site has him listed as player of the season. I'm not sure what that's referring to or if it's a bad translation on Google's part, but it certainly wasn't true of this season. They could be referring to his time spent with the 2010 Colorado Rapids.
Second, it also mentions that he is a free agent. If so then this could mean the Portland Timbers have already made their first round of cuts, or simply that Kimura's contract with the Timbers is up and Portland either decided they didn't want to renew, or Kimura decided to try his luck in Europe.
We'll be following up with this information as we get it, but considering that this news is coming from Wisla Krakow's website and features a picture of Kimura wearing their kit, I'm inclined to believe it.
As of this writing, Kimura was still listed as being on the roster for the Portland Timbers.
[Wisla Krakow]
UPDATE: Now a video interview with Kimura in Warsaw:
Since 1999, The Open University has been making free learning available to everyone online. From 2008, all that learning has been in one place - OpenLearn. The site you're looking at now.
We've got thousands of ways to learn - short articles by academic experts from the OU and beyond; videos; podcasts - even, if you're really keen, free courses. You can find your own way through our content - navigate by subject at the top of the page; choose by type of experience at the top right of most pages - or look to the bottom, where subjects and experience are listed again. Or, to get started - why not see what's popular right now?
What next?
Sign up for a free OU account to join the OpenLearn community and access more features.
Subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date with all the latest content.
After a lof of preparation, we are ready to launch our kickstarter project - and are very excited to finally present this to you, our fans!
Performing, touring, writing and bringing our music to you has been an amazing journey for us as a band. We've done so much, and now we want to do even more.
And that's where you can be a special part of this exciting experience.
We're getting ready to record our new album, "Aria" - which represents the idea of expressive melody, in one united voice - and we feel this most fittingly captures our natural energy and dynamic as both artists and a collective unit.
For this project, we feel that we can make things even more memorable by continuing to engage you - the fans - to be a unique part of the album making process. This is especially important because your involvement gives us the freedom to really make the kind of music that truly embodies our artistic spirit.
So we're asking for your support.
We are going to use the pledges from kickstarter to record, mix and distribute a new album independently, print new merchandise, and go on a headline tour in early 2014 to release the new record. We will be touring all over the UK and Europe doing over 30 shows.
It's an inspiring opportunity to be able to do this with people who care about our music - we firmly believe that there's a great synergy when people join forces in pursuit of accomplishing a common goal. This is that time!
So let's do it - together! Our goal is to make 2014 a big year for the band and our amazing fans.
Thanks so very much,
VIZA
Hillary Clinton is proposing a dramatic increase in the estate tax—a tax on your right to transfer property to your descendants—from 40% to 65%. There are two problems with this:
The belief that estates should be taxed at all reveals a fundamental misunderstanding of economics. The actual taxing of estates has very different effects than those that advocates imagine it will have.
The assumptions underlying the estate tax are fundamentally flawed
The desire to tax estates often arises from a sense that someone who accumulates a lot of money has gained at the expense of others, which generates an obligation to “give back.” While this might be true of an economy in which people are forced to buy things against their wills, in a free market economy this is not true.
Consider the story of Emily, a well-meaning citizen who likes to fix cars and paint houses for the neighbors in her community. In performing this service to her community, Emily provides value to her neighbors, and her neighbors value her service so much that they are willing to pay her $2,000 per month. The fact that the community is willing to pay Emily $2,000 per month indicates that the community receives at least $2,000 worth of value from Emily's services.
In order to sustain and entertain herself, Emily needs some of the community's resources—energy, housing, and food, among other things. But the community values the resources that Emily needs so much that the community requires her to pay $1,500 in exchange for the resources. In the community's own opinion (reflected in the prices the community is willing to pay for service and accept in exchange for resources), Emily is providing more value to the community than she asks in exchange. This is exactly the sort of person one would want in a community—someone who produces more value than she consumes.
But notice what happens to the dollars. Each month, Emily produces $2,000 worth of services for the community and consumes $1,500 worth of resources. She ends the month with $500 left over. And over time, this money accumulates. At the end of ten years, Emily will have accumulated $60,000! But it's not right to say that, because she has accumulated a lot of money, Emily needs to “give back.” In actuality, that $60,000 represents value the community owes Emily because she consistently produced more value for the community than she received.
Seen correctly, an estate is not something that has been taken from the rest of society and somehow needs to be recirculated and redistributed. The estate is a chunk of value that the community still owes the person, even after that person has died.
The Estate Tax hurts small businesses, not idle millionaires
But even if it were true that the estate somehow represents value that a person has taken from society, the estate tax does not redistribute the estate to society in the way we might imagine it does. When we think of the estate tax, we tend to imagine idle millionaires who, if we did not tax away and redistribute their estates, would just spend the money on frivolous luxuries while the rest of us struggled to acquire necessities.
In fact, most of the people who are hit the hardest by the estate tax are small business owners. Suppose you own a business that has $20 million in net assets. You die and leave this business to your children. You have not left them $20 million in cash. You have left them buildings, machinery, land, inventory, and financial assets that are worth $20 million. For most businesses, little value will be left in financial assets; most will be in the buildings, land, and machinery. Under Clinton's proposal, you would owe $5 million in taxes. And the IRS wants cash. That means that, at best, you'll have to divert cash that would otherwise have gone to expanding and maintaining your business to the IRS. At worst, you'll have to sell off some of the hard assets to raise the cash the IRS demands. Either way, this business you have inherited will shrink.
And notice that the tax does not impact large corporations like this. If you leave your heirs IBM stock worth $20 million, your heirs will have to pay estate tax. But it will have no effect at all on IBM. The estate tax ends up being a tax that decreases the number of small and family businesses but not the number of large corporations.
To make matters worse, the extremely wealthy can afford to set up tax-free foundations to shield their wealth from the estate tax. For example, the Clinton Foundation is worth hundreds of millions of dollars. When Chelsea inherits control of the foundation, she will owe no estate taxes. Hillary Clinton's plan will confiscate large chunks of family businesses as they are passed from one generation to the next, but will have no effect whatsoever on the Clinton Foundation when it passes to her daughter.
ISLAMABAD (Reuters) - The families of more than 3 million poor children in Pakistan will receive cash stipends if their children go to school, the government said as officials prepared to mark “Malala Day” on Saturday in support of a schoolgirl shot by the Taliban.
Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousufzai reads a book as she recuperates at the The Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham in this undated handout photograph released on November 8, 2012. REUTERS/Queen Elizabeth Hospital Birmingham/Handout
U.N. officials declared Malala Day one month after 15-year-old Malala Yousufzai and two of her classmates were shot by the Pakistan Taliban. She had been targeted for speaking out against the insurgency.
In the days following the shooting, Yousufzai became an international icon and world leaders pledged to support her campaign for girls' education. She is now recovering in a British hospital.
On Friday, Pakistani president Asif Zardari added his signature to petitions signed by more than a million people urging Pakistan to pay stipends to families who put their girls in school in honor of Malala.
“Malala's dreams represent what is best about Pakistan,” said former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown as he presented the petitions to President Zardari.
Tens of thousands of Britons have called on the government to nominate Malala Yousufzai for a Nobel Peace Prize for her work promoting girls' education.
On Friday, the government announced that poor families will now receive $2 a month per child in primary school.
The program will be funded by the World Bank and Britain and distributed through the government's Benazir Income Support Programme, designed to give small cash payments to needy families. The families in the programme already receive $10 a month for basic expenditure.
After a stipend programme was put in place in Pakistan's Punjab province, a World Bank study found a nine percent increase in girls' enrolment over two years, said Alaphia Zoyab, the South Asia campaigner for internet activist group Avaaz.
Pakistan is struggling to overcome widespread poverty, a Taliban insurgency and massive, endemic corruption. Less than 0.57 percent of Pakistan's 180 million citizens pay income tax, money that the government could use to educate poor children.
Instead, the Pakistani government relies on foreign donors to fund many social programs. Britain is due to spend around $1 billion on helping Pakistan educate poor children by 2015. (Reporting By Katharine Houreld; Editing by Michael Perry)
Though it was, for a time, one of the only sex options for single people, the one-night stand has become increasingly less appealing. To start, one-off hook-ups are less sexually satisfying; chances are, a stranger can't anticipate the ear thing you like or be as committed to your orgasm as an emotionally invested partner, and maybe you fake it in order to end the whole thing because you're not comfortable enough with the person to say, "Hey. Could you leave so I can take a Klonopin, re-watch the Season-11 finale of It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, and tweet at Lorde?"
Another demographic for which one-night stands fall short? People who want regular intimacy. The flip side to the one-night stand is, I guess, a stable, long-term relationship, and you go to each other's awful homes for Christmas. But what if you're one of the apparently growing class of people who want regular intimacy without changing literally any facet of their lives, not even moving their toothbrushes one millimeter so another could fit on the sink? While one-night stands offer the benefit of toothbrush stability and no commitment, they do not, typically, offer routine morning sex or favorable oral odds.
Read more: 'Platonically' Sleeping in the Same Bed with Someone: Probably Cheating
Enter what my friend and I have dubbed "the several-night stand," a casual and recurring hook-up situation that mimics a relationship but is definitely NOT a relationship because one party recently got out of something long-term or is not looking for anything serious right now or wants to keep doing this without a label? As its name suggests, the several-night stand is like a one-night stand, but takes place over several nights, often over a period of weeks or months. When you are together, you feel like you're dating-dating. When you're apart, the intimacy vanishes, save for the occasional post-2 AM Instagram-story remark or a "sorry your cat died" text. (That counts as intimacy, yeah?) The several-night stand arises because one person wants a girlfriend or boyfriend for a night, maybe a few times a week.
A female friend of mine who says she's usually the stereotypical guy in this situation described the several-night stand like this: "You know the person well at this point, so there's no real discovery, but you're infatuated for just a few hours and then it goes away," she says. "I flirt and initiate and don't reach out unless it's a drunk situation or whatever. I'm really busy, so I don't have time to date unless that person just followed me around everywhere and happened to be interested in all the same things as me, or didn't mind if we just didn't see each other for days at a time, which is not usually the case."
Much like communism, these arrangements might work in a fantasy, vacuum-type situation. The theory is sound—many people want the comforts, orgasms, and reliability of a regular hook-up without the inconvenience of having to check in from time to time or engage in hour-long phone calls. (The several-night stand is not to be confused with the weekend fling, which may also take on the romantic haze of the beginning of a relationship before it evaporates into thin air.) The problem is that the convergence of two people who want this same arrangement, and who can communicate enough to effectively establish it and allow it to exist but not develop into something lopsided, is rare. Often there's an imbalance in feelings built on a lack of communication so deep that a year might pass before you realize what's going on and that you hate it. The recent Reductress article "Are You Dating or Just Friends Who Have Sex and See Each Other 5 Times a Week?" captures the sentiment of the several-night stand so perfectly that I did a nervous Robert Durst burp when I saw the headline. For how terrified people are of the "boyfriend" and "girlfriend" label, they seem strangely comfortable with many of the roles that fall just slightly short of it.
Watch: How to Get Over Your Ex
Ana*, a straight female friend who is currently in the middle of a several-night-stand situation, tells me she believes there's a disconnect between how men and women understand the idea of "getting serious."
"For a lot of women I know, 'getting serious' means 'please don't stick your dick in anyone else and hang out with me sometimes,'" Ana says. "For men, it feels like they perceive 'getting serious' as: 'Meet my mother! Text me every day! Only see me and not your friends! Spend every single weekend with me!' Of course, it can mean different things to different people, and people have different needs in relationships, but most guys just seem so avoidant of a relationship because of some perceived loss of control."
But they still want the nice parts of a relationship. "They tell women they're not looking for anything serious to get off the hook, but when they see you, they want to kiss you, watch movies with you, touch your butt, go to museums, have great sex, etc.," she continues. "Beyond that, and outside of physically seeing you, they don't want to be obligated in any way, which doesn't feel so great. Everyone just wants to feel special in a relationship—that the other person especially likes you and especially likes having sex with you."
Often there's an imbalance in feelings built on a lack of communication so deep that a year might pass before you realize what's going on and that you hate it.
Last year, Ana was doing the "part-time-girlfriend, casual thing" with a guy, and they were having unprotected sex. (Irresponsible, she knows.) When she tried to broach the topic of using a condom—since they weren't exclusive—he got spooked. Starting a conversation that was even tangential to the idea of exclusivity was terrifying to him, even though she was just looking out for her health. Because the subtext, to him, was: "If you want to keep fucking like this, we should be exclusive."
"He was like, 'Woah, woah, woah—things are getting more serious than I thought,'" she recalls. "It's like we're all using the same words but operating with different definitions."
"There was a guy I met on the subway who I slept with for a month—and I even met his friends and everything—but he broke [it off with me] because he was scared of a relationship," another friend tells me. "Then I cried and saw a homeless man shit himself."
Because of the spike in dating apps and a general reluctance to commit romantically until later and later, the several-night stand has emerged as a viable option that allows you to continue swiping until you die, yet still get fucked on a schedule that works for you. But while it presents as being enlightened and progressive, it often leaves people feeling cold. As someone who can have casual sex with basically anyone at any time, I'm almost offended when people propose this setup, whether explicitly or implicitly through being alternately affectionate and evasive, as though I should be grateful for their brave offer to fuck me weekly with the generous bonus of spooning and having conversations sometimes. I have incredible friends who talk to me a lot, plus thousands of dollars worth of sex toys. If a regular romantic partner isn't interested in offering emotional commitment—and there are lots of men and women like this—I'm not interested. Beyond Tinder, if I get horny, I can hit up any Williamsburg bar, use a vibrator, or literally just stand in the middle of my street saying "Anyone?" for three minutes until someone materializes.
For More Stories Like This, Sign Up for Our Newsletter
In other words, offers of regular casual sex don't wow me—maybe they were refreshing in the past, but today they're just kind of depressing and confusing. Usually people don't even make offers, which would, at least, be considerate. Mostly they try to get away with faux-relationships for as long as they can.
The burden, of course, falls on both people to be honest and vocal about what they want. Several-night stands can be a delight when both parties opt in. I've been in romantic-presenting sex arrangements where we both want to be the exact same amount of casual, which is why the experiences were net positives.
But this, I've found, is rare—there is usually an imbalance. Eventually the burden falls on the person who wants more to initiate the mortifying "what are we?" conversation, the beginning of which often inspires the fight-or-flight response. More meaningful discussions—from the very beginning—would off-set a lot of the collateral damage.
*Name has been changed.
Sex Machina is a column exploring the intersections of sex, romance, and technology.
This was a great year for all things photography, with posts to help you behind the camera, in front of it, when you're shooting, and when you're editing. Here's a look back at our most popular photography tips, tricks, and hacks of 2011.
Advertisement
Want to learn how everything works in Photoshop? This Lifehacker Night School series can help you make your photos better, draw vector graphics, and design a web site.
Learn the Basics of Photoshop in Under 25 Minutes - To get started with Photoshop, you need to know what everything does. More »
Advertisement
If you're looking for a way to draw more attention to the crucial elements in your photographic composition, the Fibonacci Ratio offers a way to direct your viewers eye to the critical parts of your photo. Here's a look at how you can implement it to compose better images. More »
Advertisement
If you've got one of Canon's amazing video-capable DSLRs, you know you've got a powerful camera. What you may not know is that you can add some incredible features, for free, with an open-source firmware add-on called Magic Lantern. Here's how. More »
Advertisement
Basics of Photography: The Complete Guide We spent the last week learning all about the basics of photography, from the way your camera works … Read more Read
Want to learn the basics of photography? In this Lifehacker Night School course we cover everything from the way your camera works, to composing your photos, to editing them in post. Here's the complete guide, along with a PDF of all the lessons and some additional resources fo learning more. More »
Advertisement
Top 10 Photography Hacks Your digital camera, whether it's built in to your cellphone or it's a hefty DSLR, is an… Read more Read
Your digital camera, whether it's built in to your cellphone or it's a hefty DSLR, is an incredible creative tool. If you've only used it as it comes straight out of the box, however, you're only scratching the surface. Here are our top 10 photography hacks to supercharge your camera. More »
Advertisement
While it always helps to start by taking better photos with your smartphone, should you end up with a subpar image you're not out of luck. Here's how to make it look like your photo came from a nicer camera. More »
Advertisement
Advertisement
Not all photo hacks take place behind the camera. Sometimes you have to get your picture taken, too. So take a minute and try to imagine what you look like. Chances are the amount of detail you're able to conjure up in your mind's eye is about as detailed and accurate as a self portrait you made in grade school. When you're in a photo, however, you try to look good by replicating a visual memory. You know what a smile looks like, so you make one. The problem is, this doesn't work. You need to remember what a smile feels like and not how it looks. More »
Advertisement
You can do just about anything to an image with Photoshop, but if you don't have the cash to shell out, free program the GIMP-available for Windows, Linux, and OS X-can take you pretty far. Here are our favorite Photoshop how-tos that also work in the GIMP. More »
Advertisement
Painting with light-the process of illustrating or writing with light in a slow exposure photograph-is a pretty stunning effect that's surprisingly simple to accomplish. Here's how to do it. More »
Advertisement
Photoshop is an amazing tool that can take any photo and change it into anything you can imagine. While it can take years of practice to alter reality like a pro, there are a few simple tricks you can employ to reshape the world captured in your photos. Here are five of our favorite techniques and how to use them effectively. More »
Advertisement
StolenCameraFinder is a clever webapp that can help locate your stolen camera by using a photo you've already taken with it. All you have to do is drag some photos on to the main page and it'll do its just in a matter of seconds. More »
Advertisement
2010's coming to a close and everyone's in a rush to get their picture taken for holiday cards, albums, or even their brand-new Facebook profiles. Here's how to use any camera you've got and some DIY tricks to take awesome portraits. More »
Advertisement
We've mentioned a few tips for cleaning your camera lens before, but if you haven't done it before, the Nikon Help Hotline shows us—in step-by-step video form—how it's done. More »
Advertisement
Camera makers like to advertise that their camera has the most megapixels, but in reality the high numbers are pretty much irrelevant to the average consumer. When you're printing your images, chances are you need far fewer megapixels than you think. Here's how to figure out how large your images actually need to be so you can avoid overspending on a camera that takes unnecessarily high resolution photos. More »
Advertisement
Your camera probably takes pretty great photos in good lighting situations, but blurry and/or noisy photos when the light gets low. Here's how you can take better low-light photos without buying a bunch of money on a fancy camera or professional equipment. More »
Advertisement
Choosing a digital camera used to be a simple process that was heavily dictated by the amount of money in your pocket. Now the same money can buy you different benefits and compromises, making the decision much more complex. Here's a look at your camera-buying options, the pros and cons of each, and some specific suggestions to help you pick the perfect camera for your needs. More »
Advertisement
Removing backgrounds from photos can be a little tedious, but when you have a solid color behind your subject the process becomes a lot easier. You may not think you have an evenly-lit solid color background in your toolkit, but your computer's display can actually be a quick-and-dirty tool for "green screening" your photos. Here's how it works. More »
Advertisement
There you have it. It's been a great year for photography, with plenty of camera hacks and photoshop tricks under our belt. Whether your favorite of the year made the list or not, we'd love to hear about the photo tip, trick, or hack that helped you most in the comments. Happy 2011, photographers! And if you want more photography goodness, you can dial your time machine back to 2010 and 2009.
Ed. note: This post is part of a series, “Bearing Witness,” highlighting indigenous women fighting for climate justice in the Americas. Read the rest of the series here.
The environmental movement was never my movement. I grew up in a part of the country where we recycled and composted before it became more mainstream, and where you could buy “green” just about anything. Yet listening to presentations on green fashion and chemical-free cosmetics, I had the distinct impression that this movement cared more about saving paper than it did about saving people whose lives were regularly at stake in the here and now. So I dismissed it and turned to feminism.
And during the decade since then, feminism has never steered me back. It's brought me to learn about all sorts of other intersections that women experience — police brutality, immigration, reproductive justice — thanks in large part to the tireless work of women of color. But while we've been working on state violence and institutionalized misogyny, climate change has accelerated at an alarming rate and our planet is in real danger. Scientists widely agree that if the earth's temperature increases by more than 2 degrees Celsius, we are inviting climate catastrophes like super droughts, mass extinctions, and extreme sea level rise. By 2030, climate change could force another 100 million people into extreme poverty, and I guarantee you that women will make up the majority of them.
The fight for climate justice is the most intersectional issue you will find: if we fail, every single one of us will be affected. But some more than others.
I've written before about how climate change and extractive industries already disproportionately affect women and marginalized people, how women make up 70 percent of the world's poor today and therefore have fewer resources and less mobility to respond to climate disasters. They are often responsible for gathering food and water, and when those supplies are threatened, they are more likely to sacrifice their diets for others. Climate disasters often put a strain on existing social support networks, and women are most frequently called upon to care for children and the elderly during those moments.
These facts are compounded for women of color and particularly indigenous women, who are more likely to live in regions impacted by pollution, drought, and rising sea levels. In many countries, indigenous communities also reside on some of the most heavily-contested oil and mineral deposits, and are victim to repression and violence at the hands of government forces or multinational corporations. They are on the front lines of climate change, but they are also on the front lines of the battle to stop it.
Because of this, indigenous peoples from around the world fought to have a presence at last year's 20th Conference of Parties on the Kyoto Protocol (COP20), a summit organized by the UN to address climate change. Women talked about the impact climate change was having on their communities and demanded that global leaders take immediate action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. And this December they will be back for COP21 in Paris, the goal of which is to produce the first ever legally binding universal agreement on how to address climate change, signed by all nations of the world.
Indigenous communities and allies have long been fighting powers ten times their size in order to defend our planet. But for their movement to work, people outside of it have to bear witness. When attacking big superpowers like this, it's not enough for a few people to get arrested for blocking a coal ship for a few hours. Those two people need fifty more people standing on the loading dock in solidarity, one hundred more people Tweeting and Instagramming it, and thousands more signing online petitions, calling legislators and exploding the reach of their message. The movement for climate justice needs megaphones so that the actions of a few people can reach millions of people. And when millions are watching and taking the lead from those most affected, global leaders will have to listen.
In that vein, I'd like to introduce “Bearing Witness,” a short series on indigenous women throughout the Americas who are fighting for climate justice. For the weeks leading up to the Paris summit, I'll be covering communities across the continents who are facing the worst effects of climate change, resource extraction, and energy projects, yet still standing up to protect our Mother Earth. Our Pachamama.
Naomi Klein argues in her book This Changes Everything that mass mobilizations are all that can save us now. She's right. Until every single one of us gets serious about climate justice, women will continue to lose their homes and often their lives. If we feminists want to ensure that there is a planet on which we can challenge misogyny and fight the patriarchy, a place where women can live safely and equitably, then this is our fight. This is our movement too.
Join us and follow along with #BearingWitness.
24 Brilliant Moments from NBC's Community Caught in Animated GIFs
By Dustin Rowles | Lists | December 9, 2010 |
There is no comedy on television right now better than NBC's "Community," and there arguably hasn't been a better comedy on television since "Arrested Development" left the air. If you haven't given it a chance, maybe a few of these memorable moments captured in GIF format will convince you. If you have seen it, here's your opportunity to relive those moments. If you don't care one way or another, and just want to see Joel McHale do shirtless pull ups or Alison Brie expose her cleavage, well, these are good for that, too.
----> Page Two
----> Page Two
Dustin is the founder and co-owner of Pajiba. You may email him here or follow him on Twitter.
← I Want Channing Tatum to Stop Being in Things | This Week in "Glee"
Pajiba Love 12/09/10 | I Approve Of All Of This →
Half of Russians believe that they are poor — even though under 15 percent officially qualify as impoverished, a new study has concluded.
Researchers at Russia's Higher School of Economics found that 50.4 percent of Russians think that they are living in poverty. That number is three times higher than the actual poverty statistics.
The Federal State Statistics Service estimates the number of Russians living in poverty at 13.5 percent.
But the authors of the Higher School of Economics study say that, while poverty is measured by income rates, many Russians who live above the poverty line but struggle to afford to house also consider themselves to be poor. The study found that educated Russians, especially women, are increasingly labelling themselves as poor.
Around 20.3 million Russians earned less than the officially measured subsistence wage between January and September 2016.
Currently the subsistence wage for Moscow stands at 15,092 rubles ($260) per month.
During the GOP primary, we kept hearing about the emergence of a “new evangelical” movement that cared about issues beyond the standard anti-gay, anti-abortion right-wing agenda and were repeatedly told that Mike Huckabee was the highest profile example of this new type of leader.
As we pointed out then, and have continued to point out, that was a dramatic oversimplification and fundamentally misleading. Because, when you get down to it, people like Mike Huckabee are in fact fully aligned with the traditional Religious Right agenda and, as Dan Gilgoff smartly notices, inevitably revert to form when it comes crunch time:
Remember back to the Republican primaries, when Mike Huckabee campaigned as a new kind of evangelical candidate, adding issues like the environment, education, and poverty to the hot-button agenda of God, guns, and gays? That big-tent Huck seems to be in much shorter supply now. An email the Arkansas governor just sent out soliciting donations for his political action committee–whose beneficiaries include John McCain and Sarah Palin–asks fors $5 for each of these five red meat issues: 1. Protection of Human Life 2. Traditional Marriage 3. Tax policy that doesn't punish people for working, but rewards them 4. 2nd amendment rights 5. Supreme Court and Federal Court judge selection
So much for all those professed concerns about poverty, the environment, and human rights.
CommonJS modules export values, while ES6 modules export immutable bindings. This blog post explains what that means.
You should be loosely familiar with ES6 modules. If you aren't, you can consult the chapter on modules in “Exploring ES6”.
CommonJS modules export values #
With CommonJS (Node.js) modules, things work in relatively familiar ways.
If you import a value into a variable, the value is copied twice: once when it is exported (line A) and once it is imported (line B).
var mutableValue = 3 ; function incMutableValue ( ) { mutableValue++; } module .exports = { mutableValue : mutableValue, incMutableValue: incMutableValue, }; var mutableValue = require ( './lib' ).mutableValue; var incMutableValue = require ( './lib' ).incMutableValue; console .log(mutableValue); incMutableValue(); console .log(mutableValue); mutableValue++; console .log(mutableValue);
If you access the value via the exports object, it is still copied once, on export:
var lib = require ( './lib' ); console .log(lib.mutableValue); lib.incMutableValue(); console .log(lib.mutableValue); lib.mutableValue++; console .log(lib.mutableValue);
ES6 modules export immutable bindings #
In contrast to CommonJS modules, ES6 modules export bindings, live connections to values. The following code demonstrates how that works:
export let mutableValue = 3 ; export function incMutableValue ( ) { mutableValue++; } import { mutableValue, incMutableValue } from './lib' ; console .log(mutableValue); incMutableValue(); console .log(mutableValue); mutableValue++;
If you import the module object via the asterisk ( * ), you get similar results:
import * as lib from './lib' ; console .log(lib.mutableValue); lib.incMutableValue(); console .log(lib.mutableValue); lib.mutableValue++;
Why export bindings? #
Given that exporting bindings is different from how data is normally transported in JavaScript – why do it this way? It has the benefit of making it easier to deal with cyclic dependencies. The following code is an example of a cyclic dependency:
import {bar} from 'b' ; export function foo ( ) { bar(); } import {foo} from 'a' ; export function bar ( ) { if ( Math .random()) foo(); }
a.js imports bar from b.js , which means that b.js is executed before a.js . But how can b.js access foo then, if a.js hasn't provided a value for it, yet? b.js imports a binding, which initially refers to an empty slot. Once a.js is executed, it fills in that slot. Therefore, b.js only has a problem if it uses foo in the top level of its body, while it is executed. Using foo in entities that are accessed after the evaluation of a.js are fine. One such entity is the function bar() .
This may seem like an theoretical exercise, but cyclic dependencies can happen relatively easily in large code bases, especially during refactoring. Cycles tend to be longer (for example: m1 imports m2 imports m3 imports m4 imports m1 ), but the problem is the same.
Consult the section “Cyclic dependencies in CommonJS” in “Exploring ES6” to find out how cyclic dependencies are handled in CommonJS.
Exporting bindings #
How are bindings handled by JavaScript? Exports are managed via the data structure export entry. All export entries (except those for re-exports) have the following two names:
Local name: is the name under which the export is stored inside the module.
Export name: is the name that importing modules need to use to access the export.
After you have imported an entity, that entity is always accessed via a pointer that has the two components module and local name. In other words, that pointer refers to a binding inside a module.
Let's examine the export names and local names created by various kinds of exporting. The following table (adapted from the ES6 spec) gives an overview, subsequent sections have more details.
Statement Local name Export {v}; 'v' 'v' export {v as x}; 'v' 'x' export let v = 123; 'v' 'v' export function f() {} 'f' 'f' export default function f() {} 'f' 'default' export default function () {} '*default*' 'default' export default 123; '*default*' 'default'
Export clause #
function foo ( ) {} export { foo };
Local name: foo
Export name: foo
function foo ( ) {} export { foo as bar };
Local name: foo
Export name: bar
Inline exports #
This is an inline export:
export function foo ( ) {}
It is equivalent to the following code:
function foo ( ) {} export { foo };
Therefore, we have the following names:
Local name: foo
Export name: foo
Default exports #
There are two kinds of default exports:
Default exports of hoistable declarations (function declarations, generator declarations) and class declarations are similar to normal inline exports in that named local entities are created and tagged.
All other default exports are about exporting the results of expressions.
The following code default-exports the result of the expression 123 :
export default 123 ;
It is equivalent to:
const * default * = 123 ; export { * default * as default };
If you default-export an expression, you get:
Local name: *default*
Export name: default
The local name was chosen so that is wouldn't clash with any other local name.
Note that a default export still leads to a binding being exported. But, due to *default* not being a legal identifier, you can't access that binding from inside the module.
Default-exporting hoistable declarations and class declarations #
The following code default-exports a function declaration:
export default function foo ( ) {}
It is equivalent to:
function foo ( ) {} export { foo as default };
The names are:
Local name: foo
Export name: default
That means that you can change the value of the default export from within the module, by assigning a different value to foo .
(Only) for default exports, you can also omit the name of a function declaration:
export default function ( ) {}
That is very similar to default-exporting an expression and therefore equivalent to:
function * default *( ) {} export { * default * as default };
The names are:
Local name: *default*
Export name: default
Default-exporting generator declarations and class declarations works similarly to default-exporting function declarations.
Re-exports are handled differently from normal exports. A re-export does not have a local name, it refers to the re-exported entity via that entity's module and export name (shown in the column “Import name” below).
Statement Module Import name Export {v} from 'mod'; 'mod' 'v' 'v' export {v as x} from 'mod'; 'mod' 'v' 'x' export * from 'mod'; 'mod' '*' null
Exported bindings in the spec #
This section gives pointers into the ECMAScript 2015 (ES6) language specification.
Managing imported bindings:
CreateImportBinding () creates local bindings for imports.
GetBindingValue() is used to access them.
ModuleDeclarationInstantiation() sets up the environment of a module (compare: FunctionDeclarationInstantiation(), BlockDeclarationInstantiation()).
The export names and local names created by the various kinds of exports are shown in table 42 in the section “Source Text Module Records”. The section “Static Semantics: ExportEntries” has more details. You can see that export entries are set up statically (before evaluating the module), evaluating export statements is described in the section “Runtime Semantics: Evaluation”.
Be careful with ES6 transpilers #
ES6 transpilers compile ES6 modules to ES5. Due to the completely new way of passing on data (via bindings), you should expect the ES5 version to not always be completely compliant with the ES6 spec. Things are even trickier when transpiled ES6 code has to interoperate with native CommonJS or AMD modules.
That being said, Babel hews pretty close to the spec, as you can see in the GitHub repository for this blog post.
After Nintendo made a few announcements on Thursday—smartphone game details, theme park attractions—the company went on a Splatoon information spree ahead of that Wii U game's May 29 launch. It's an unusual multiplayer-focused entry from the typically couch-friendly Nintendo; while Splatoon contains limited single-player training and local two-player modes, the primary game is found in the online, four-on-four game. This level of online focus is a first in a title from the big N.
Before retail launch, the public will get a chance this weekend to sample Splatoon's online action via a free, limited demo. At first, we thought this could be an interface or stress test—the kind we've seen from online series like Titanfall and Battlefield—but after peeking at the fine print, we began to wonder just how much Nintendo might learn. That's because the Splatoon demo will only run for three nonconsecutive one-hour chunks this weekend.
That limited test, as opposed to the weekend-long or even week-long tests we've seen from shooter betas, would make us nervous even if the developer in question had tons of online-multiplayer experience, let alone someone with as shaky a reputation as Nintendo. This is a company that has routinely said "no" to enabling online multiplayer modes in action franchises people have been dying for—the New Super Mario Bros. series, in particular—and its track record for the games it has hosted online sessions of isn't much better.
We're curious as to how Splatoon will ultimately perform as an online game, but in the meantime, we're taking this moment to recall highlights of the company's shots at online matchmaking up until this point.
Mario Kart DS: Get ready to feel old: This year will mark the tenth anniversary of Nintendo's first online multiplayer game. MKDS debuted in November of 2005 simultaneously with the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection service—which originally required users to find access points with lowly WEP security if they wanted to play original Nintendo DS games online. Thankfully, Nintendo removed that weird hardware roadblock from the Wii and all future systems.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YpzGAVvzRQ
Unsurprisingly, MKDS was a pretty barebones affair, limited to four participants per online race and reducing the track count to 20, down from the offline game's 32. A few of the weapons, including the crucial "shield" items of triple shells and triple bananas, were also nixed online.
Perhaps iller than any of those was the game's notorious "friend code" system, one that haunted Nintendo's online games for years. In the case of MKDS, having your friends' information loaded into your Nintendo DS still wasn't sufficient enough to efficiently connect each other to online games. Players didn't get a handy "friends list" when getting into a game. Instead, you and your desired playmates had to search for an online session at the same time—presumably after calling or instant-messaging each other to coordinate.
(Note: This, and any other Nintendo DS or Wii game that employed the old Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection as its matchmaking service, no longer works online. Nintendo nixed that functionality in the middle of 2014.)
Metroid Prime Hunters: Nintendo's last major online gun-combat game—not to mention the only online-multiplayer version of the Metroid Prime series—landed in 2006. Its attempts to marry touch-screen precision to a first-person shooter was commendable at the time, even though it ultimately led to some of the worst cramped-hand issues we've ever experienced on the Nintendo DS (and for a system with a lot of weird touch-and-button combination games, that's saying something).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lc90BKReJWo
Just like MKDS, Hunters limited online play to four-player battles, but at least it added a "friends and rivals" menu option so that players could better coordinate sessions with known entities. It also gave players a much-desired option to stick a player into a "rivals" list after a battle, should players want something that resembled a rematch. For whatever reason, this game didn't suffer from noticeable online lag at the time of its release, even though it offered some speedier movement options by way of rolling up into a "morph ball" and rolling away as an escape. That might have been a benefit of the online mode's incredibly tiny arenas and low player counts; either way, it made us hopeful for online Nintendo gaming to come.
Super Smash Bros. Brawl: The Wii continued the DS' tradition of using friend codes, sadly, but that didn't stop a lot of friends from swapping digits and squaring off in Smash Bros.' first online battle modes in early 2008. Once numbers were swapped, getting into a battle with friends was as easy as creating a "room" in the game's "friends" online mode; conversely, getting into a free-for-all with strangers was easy enough, though the fighting game put a lot of limits on players at that point, particularly the inability to pick from "time" and "stock" battles and make other customization choices. (Players also didn't have the ability to chat freely with anybody on their friend list, and the game went so far as to not include any identifying information when playing against randomly matchmade opponents.)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pp4X5DGqLM8
Brawl suffered greatly from the online community's ability to grief and disconnect without facing any penalties. Thankfully, the makers of the Wii U and 3DS follow-up games made sure to institute temporary bans and other penalties to police such shenanigans.
Ultimately, though, Brawl's online mode will probably be best remembered for brutal lag, especially in four-player matches with random matchmaking. Later in 2008, Capcom would go on to include the GGPO protocol in its Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 release of Super Street Fighter II Turbo: HD Remix. That protocol's predictive powers and other lag-hiding trickery revolutionized the world of online fighting games, but from the feel of Super Smash Bros. on Wii U and 3DS, Nintendo still hasn't quite caught up; those modern games also suffer from significant lag, depending on opponents.
Mario Kart Wii: A phenomenal game in its own right, MKW also opened the series' online racing floodgates to giant races worthy of the series' name—at least, for a little while.
https://youtu.be/wdGkVii8XHk?t=448
In the game's online mode, every track could be raced, every item could be used, and up to 12 racers could compete at the same time—all on Nintendo's free online service, no less. Heck, the game even supported two friends playing on the same Wii in online modes. However, what Nintendo didn't plan for was hacks affecting online racing, bolstered by how easy it had been to load custom files by way of an SD card and tricks like the Twilight Princess hack. Soon enough, the online modes were overrun with griefers and exploiters, and Nintendo had built zero infrastructure to penalize or ban bad apples—let alone patch out the vulnerabilities.
Animal Crossing: City Folk: The first Animal Crossing installment on Wii contained similar friend-code roadblocks as its DS forebear from 2006, meaning players couldn't trade or interact with other Internet users unless they made an effort to swap contact info—presumably a move on Nintendo's part to keep towns from being inundated with questionable or vulgar messages from strangers. We wish either of these games, or even the newer 3DS version, had at least included a "no talk, just trade" option so as to help packrats more easily find or trade the game's rarer objects.
What the 2008 Wii version did include was Nintendo's first major voice-chat peripheral, the Wii Speak Microphone. This odd accessory was designed to be stuck to a TV, as opposed to worn as a microphone, so that a full room of players and watchers could talk to another connected Wii user. Thanks to a series of noise-cancellation mics, this peripheral actually did a bang-up job delivering online voice chat through TV speakers without either party needing to adjust any settings. Weirdly, even though the Nintendo DS has an internal microphone, Nintendo didn't enable it for online voice chat within a multiplayer game until the launch of Fire Emblem: Shadow Dragon a few months earlier that year.
What Nintendo has learned over the years
Nintendo's shift away from the Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection and toward the modern Nintendo Network included a few key changes, including the end of "friend codes" on the Wii U and, perhaps more importantly, infrastructure on both the Wii U and 3DS to better enable regular patches. The latest Super Smash Bros. game has already received a few updates since its launch last fall with tweaks and "nerfs" for its characters, while Mario Kart 8 has, quite frankly, gotten much better with a $12 DLC package that added 16 quality racetracks and six new racers to the game, plus a zippy and fun 200cc mode.
Still, in terms of sheer network performance, Nintendo doesn't have a mighty reputation; as stated earlier, the latest Smash Bros. online modes still live and die based on your opponents' connections, and they don't allow higher-bandwidth players to hit a switch that might block HPB foes from slowing the action down. Wii games like Mario Strikers Charged and Excitebots: Trick Racing had their fair share of lag woes, as well.
Plus, Nintendo has never maintained an online shooting game with as many as eight combatants at one time—especially one like Splatoon in which the game must constantly exchange player data like location, movement, health, item use, and ridiculous amounts of paint splatter. In fact, the game maker only has two "online versus-mode shooters" under its belt: Metroid Prime Hunters and Star Fox Command. Neither of those supported voice chat, by the way, and neither will this month's Splatoon; as the game's director told EDGE Magazine, "When I played online games, I didn't like the negativity I got and people telling me, 'You're crap. Go away.'"
We have enjoyed the heck out of Splatoon at press events over the past year—and we think its "control a battlefield with paint" mechanic will be a breath of fresh online-shooting air—but those demos benefited from Nintendo hard-wiring its Wii U units together (ain't no way they'd try running a wireless signal at a show like E3). Our bigger question, as the game nears launch, is whether Nintendo will struggle to connect rabid Splatoon fans together without issues like lengthy queues or frequent disconnects. Before the game launches on May 29, we'll only have three one-hour windows this weekend to peek at that answer.
File photo of Goa Minister Sudin Dhavalikar.
A morphed photo of a Goa minister in a pink swimsuit, posted on Facebook, has provoked a First Information Report (FIR), the first step in the filing of formal charges, against a man from Goa who lives in America.The photo, which was posted on Facebook last week, has gone viral. The minister featured in the photo is Sudin Dhavalikar, who heads the Public Works Department and recently declared that bikinis should be banned on Goa's beaches.Other advice from him included "Young girls wearing short skirts in nightclubs are a threat to the Goan culture. ..we should not allow this" and women should stop drinking "because it is not good for their health".During the ensuing outrage, the opposition Congress gifted the minister a short pink skirt"The FIR has been filed and the case has been transferred to the Cyber Cell," Police official C.L. Patil told news agency IANS The complaint against Savio Almeida, a Non-Resident Indian who allegedly uploaded the picture, was filed by a resident of Goa.
Writer Lee Breslouer knew Tinder was a competitive dating market. So when he decided to get on the site, he knew what he had to do to get a leg up: pretend he was a cupcake. Single, heterosexual women like men, he explains, “but they love cupcakes.” Sounds like someone's been watching too much Sex and the City.
Breslouer drew a dashing man's face (sporting a protruding chin) on a cupcake with brown icing, made it a Facebook profile with a series of action shots (surrounded by beer bottles, for one), then let let it loose on Tinder's female population. Cupcake-man was a hit.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Before long, the cupcake was flirting with a gaggle of women. “Trust me I know how to handle my frosting,” one wrote. “I've been with many cupcakes in my time. But always very briefly,” another confessed.
“My personality and the cupcake's were merging right before my eyes,” Breslouer writes. He jokes about donuts and milk being his relatives and details his background—carrot cake and cream-cheese frosting. He does far better as a cupcake than as himself on any other dating site, which maybe says as much about ladies as it does about him.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Sen. Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says he hasn't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE (R-Ala.), President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's pick for attorney general, did not disclose his ownership of oil rights on more than 600 acres of land in Alabama to the Office of Government Ethics, according to state records examined by The Washington Post.
The revelation came as Sessions goes before the Senate Judiciary Committee for his confirmation hearing. Federal law requires presidential appointees requiring Senate confirmation to submit financial and employment disclosures to the OGE. While Sessions submitted his forms to the ethics office, the oil interests were not included.
The interests are only worth somewhere in the range of $4,700 annually, but the 1978 Ethics in Government Act still requires Sessions to disclose them. Some of the acreage on which Sessions owns oil rights borders a federal wildlife preserve.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I am troubled by any omissions,” Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), a member of the Judiciary Committee, told the Post. “But this is particularly troubling because this ownership interest involves oil and gas holdings connected to a federal wildlife refuge.”
The Senate is set to hold hearings for several of Trump's cabinet nominees beginning on Tuesday. The OGE sent a letter to Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams him in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) and Sen. Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.) over the weekend expressing concern that some of Trump's appointees had not yet filed their disclosure forms.
The family of Lal Bahadur Shastri on Saturday demanded de-classification of all documents related to him saying the former prime minister could have been murdered.
“I do urge the Indian prime minister to release the documents. Not a bad idea to have an inquiry into his death, question all remaining witnesses and clear all speculation and at least establish the negligence,” his son Anil Shastri, a Congress leader, told a news channel in an interview.
Shastri and then Pakistani president, Field Marshal Ayub Khan, had been invited to Tashkent by then Soviet premier Alexei Kosygin for peace talks following the Indian-Pakistan War in 1965. An agreement was signed on January 10, 1966 but Shastri was found dead a few hours later, having suffered cardiac arrest.
The demand comes close on the heels of West Bengal government declassifying files on Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose.
“When his body came to the Palam airport, we found that the body had turned blue and there were white spots on his temple. The moment my mother saw the body she knew it was not a natural death. She told us it was a murder, there was out and out foul play,” Shastri told CNN-IBN.
Shastri pointed out different loopholes in the Indian government's handling of his father's death. “I think the death was not taken as seriously as it should have been,” he said.
The Congress leader also alleged that Lal Bahadur's associates feel that “suspicion revolves around an Indian hand or a foreign power”.
Shastri wants that documents related to his father's death to be taken out, echoing similar demands raised by parties like Trinamool or BJD who demand disclosure of 160 files on Netaji.
“I do urge the Indian PM to release these documents. Not a bad idea to have an inquiry into his death, question all remaining witnesses and clear all speculation and at least establish the negligence,” he said.
He said no post-mortem was carried out on the body, which could reveal the exact cause of death.
“There was a butler who was arrested and released. My mother wanted to meet him when she went to Tashkent. But she was told he could not be traced,” Shastri said.
He also said that it was “very shocking that both his personal physician RN Chugh and personal assistant met with accidents. Both had to depose before inquiry commissions. Coincidence twice is a little improbable.”
Anil Shastri said his father's personal diary was never found. “He jotted down notes daily in it. It could have mentioned Tashkent Agreement. Even the thermos next to him was never brought back. His death could have been from something in the thermos flask,” he added.
Another son of the former PM, Sunil Shastri, a BJP leader, also said that he has been requesting several prime ministers in the past to de-classify files pertaining to his father. Naming a few, he said he approached Chandra Shekhar, IK Gujral and Manmohan Singh but he was not given any answers.
First Published: Sep 26, 2015 19:46 IST
Juventus supporters carry an injured woman in Piazza San Carlo in Turin after a stampede in the fanzone where fans were watching the Champions League Final between Juventus and Real Madrid on a giant screen, on June 3, 2017 Juventus supporters carry an injured woman in Piazza San Carlo in Turin after a stampede in the fanzone where fans were watching the Champions League Final between Juventus and Real Madrid on a giant screen, on June 3, 2017 (AFP Photo/Massimo PINCA)
Turin (Italy) (AFP) - More than 1,500 people were injured, three seriously, after a bomb scare triggered a stampede among Juventus fans watching the Champions League final in Turin, local authorities said Sunday.
In an update on Saturday's dramatic events in a square packed with supporters watching the Cardiff match on a giant screen, the local prefecture said 1,527 had been treated for mainly minor injuries.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Three people were in a serious condition, including a young boy of Chinese origin who was crushed after tripping as he tried to run.
"We were buried under bodies," his sister told reporters outside the hospital where he was reported to be in a coma with chest injuries.
AFP reporters who witnessed the scenes said the panic seemed to have been triggered by fireworks, followed by one or more people shouting that a bomb had exploded -- a notion that quickly filtered through the crowd.
The incident compounded a miserable night for fans of Turin-based Juventus, who lost the final 4-1 to Real Madrid.
It also underlined the impact recent acts of terror are having on a jittery public across Europe, and the dilemmas now faced by organisers of any mass gathering of people following the Bataclan, Paris and Manchester concert attacks.
"This is a city that lives with anxiety and panic is something that is very difficult to control," said Turin Prefect Renato Saccone.
- Beer bottles -
The scare in Turin came just minutes before another deadly attack unfolded in London with assailants driving a van into pedestrians on London Bridge and then going on a stabbing spree before being shot dead by police.
"Even if there have been no Islamist attacks in Italy, the panic of last night shows they are achieving their objectives even here," said Roberto Calderoli, a Senator for the Northern League.
Story continues
PHOTOS: Bomb scare sparks stampede in Turin >>>
Several thousand fans had turned up to watch the match in the Piazza San Carlo in downtown Turin.
As fear took hold, a rush towards exit points quickly accelerated and the square emptied so quickly it was left strewn with hundreds of shoes ripped off people's feet as they ran.
The square was still dotted with shoes, clothes, bags and patches of blood on Sunday morning. The high number of cuts was blamed on beer in glass bottles having been freely available before and during the match from unlicensed vendors.
"We heard a noise, then there was a movement of people like a wave and everyone started falling over each other," said Luca, one of the fans caught up in the drama.
"I have got blood on me from the people who fell on top of me, people were screaming, jumping over each other," he told AFPTV. "It was really awful - we really thought it was Manchester again."
- Heysel memories -
Some of the injuries occurred after a railing around the entrance to an underground car park beneath the square gave way under the weight of the crush, causing some of those injured to fall up to two metres (nearly seven feet) onto tarmac.
Local media cited older Juventus supporters present as saying the panic had evoked painful memories of the 1985 Heysel disaster, in which 39 mostly Italian fans died when they were crushed by a collapsing wall before the start of that year's European Cup final, against Liverpool.
Another fan, Giulio, said he had been knocked to the ground. "Everyone just trampled over me. I got separated from all my friends. I don't have the slightest idea what happened."
Fellow supporter Filippo took refuge in a restaurant in a neighbouring square. "They gave us something to drink and we stayed there until it was calm outside and we went back to find the shoe my daughter had lost."
"It was very stressful," added Gaetan. "With everything that is going on nowadays, it's only to be expected. We just panicked and tried to get out of there."
BADIN, N.C. – Police in Stanly County are investigating after a man was shot and killed during a dispute over a woman Thursday night, police said.
According to Badin Police, officers responded to a domestic altercation in the 70 block of Cedar Street when an off-duty Stanly County deputy about a block away heard a gunshot. The deputy says he saw the suspect, identified as 60-year-old Randy Faggart, leaving the scene in a pickup truck.
The deputy said he followed Faggart to his home before calling the police.
Investigators say that Faggart and 66-year-old Charles Maher were fighting over a woman when Faggart fatally shot Maher in Maher's backyard. Faggart was arrested and charged with first-degree murder. He is currently being held in the Stanly County Jail.
Copyright 2017 WCNC
According to these stars, there's more than a few reason to go plant-based.
If you spoke to celebrities with the most bangin' bodies in Hollywood, many will say their six pack abs are actually made in the kitchen. The secret is actually what they're not eating.
For many celebs like Beyoncé, Jennifer Lopez and Ellen DeGeneres, hopping on the vegan bandwagon temporarily has helped them trim down and test the limits of their willpower. But for celebrities like Waka Flocka, Jhene Aiko and Miley Cyrus, veganism is a lifestyle and they have no plans to turn back. And seriously, after reading their testimonies on how going meat and dairy-free has changed them for the better, how could we blame them?
Aside from the health and beauty benefits to going vegan, there are some ethical and spiritual reasons why you might want to kick animal products to the curb. Take a cruise through these vegan celeb stories and do some soul searching.
Kelis and Fat Joe come to the kitchen, and Fat Joe has some greens for Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg. Tune in Monday October 23rd at 10/9c to see what Martha & Snoop have cooking for season 2.
People in Anonymous masks at a Ferguson protest. Image: Steven Sweetleaf/Flickr
Hacktivist collective Anonymous has kicked off OpKKK, a campaign to disrupt websites and expose information of the Ku Klux Klan, after members of the hate group disseminated leaflets in Missouri threatening "lethal force" against Ferguson protesters. Anonymous has compromised KKK Twitter accounts, knocked websites offline, and claims to have grabbed personal information of members of the group.
In their propaganda, the Traditionalist American Knights of the KKK said Ferguson demonstrators were terrorists masquerading as peaceful protesters and they would face consequences for "actions against the peaceful, law abiding citizens of Missouri."
Though Anonymous said in a YouTube video that it respected the KKK's right to free speech, it decided the group had overstepped the mark by threatening physical violence, especially in light of the racial tensions in Ferguson, where African American teenager Michael Brown was shot by police officer Darren Wilson, leading to much-publicised protests.
OpKKK appears to be working alongside OpFerguson, which was launched shortly after Brown's death. OpFerguson demanded safeguards on police conduct in the US, threatening to expose information on the Ferguson Police Department if they responded to protests with violence. The OpFerguson Twitter account has been promoting the OpKKK attacks over the last few days.
The hacktivist crew hit a range of KKK websites over the weekend through to today, including kkk.com, unskkkk.com and traditionalistamericanknights.com, with Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks. Those sites were intermittently down today. At least two Twitter accounts have also been compromised: @KluKluxKlanUSA and @YourKKKCentral.
Whilst the DDoS and Twitter attacks appear to have been successful in their aims, it's less clear what data Anonymous has managed to acquire on its targets. The owner of the @OperationKKK Twitter account claimed in direct messages over Twitter to have gathered personal information on members of the site, though they wouldn't say how this was done.
One data dump seen by Motherboard, which was linked on an IRC chat group run by the OpKKK team, showed little more than a handful of email addresses of alleged KKK members. The YouTube video, originally posted by the Australian branch of Anonymous, shows some social media profiles and other personal data of apparent KKK supporters.
The OpKKK Twitter user told me that information was still being gathered and confirmed. "The data is currently classified as we are trying to make sure all information is 100% accurate before being published elsewhere," they said. "The KKK claims that they are not scared, but after the video was released, their details and private information was changed."
"The data we have managed to get so far include KKK members facebook accounts, email accounts, Twitter users, etc."
They said that new information would be released over the next 24 hours. The hope is that by exposing identities of KKK members and taking their sites offline, the KKK will stop threatening physical force against protesters. The OpKKK Twitter user said the attacks would stop "when the people of Ferguson receive freedom and are able to protest peacefully without threats or being harmed by organisations such as the KKK."
A verdict on the shooting of Brown is expected this week.
Moody rockabilly and country tracks perfect to soundtrack your next haunted drag race
1. Buddy Long - “It's Nothin' To Me” (US, 1959)
2. Jody Reynolds - “Endless Sleep” (US, 1958)
3. The Moonlighters - “Broken Heart” (US, 1958)
4. Dub Dickerson - “Boppin' In The Dark” (US, 195?)
5. Johnny Waleen - “Mystery Train” (US, 1964)
6. Juke Boy Bonner - “Running Shoe” (US, 1968)
7. The New Bangs - “Go Go Kitty” (US, 1966)
8. Lee Storm - “Tornado” (US, 1959)
9. Johnny Lance - “The Big Tragedy” (US, 1963)
10. Phil Gray - “Pepper Hot Baby” (US, 1956)
11. Buddy Knox - “I Think I'm Gonna Kill Myself” (US, 1959)
12. Conway Twitty - “D-I-V-O-R-C-E” (US, 1968)
13. Billy Barton - “The Devil, My Conscience and I” (US, 1958)
14. Ken Davis - “Echo Rock” (US, 1958)
15. Ronnie Dawson - “Rockin' Bones” (US, 1959)
16. The Novas - “The Crusher” (US, 1983)
17. Terry Teene - “Curse of the Hearse” (US, 1962)
18. Blue Knights - “Madness” (US, 1959)
19. Hasil Adkins - “By The Lonesome River”
An earlier version of this story incorrectly identified the current director of mental health for the Department of Veterans Affairs. David Carroll is the mental health division's executive director.
(CNN) In the wake of a scathing report about failures in the Department of Veterans Affairs' suicide hotline, U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk sent a letter Sunday to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs demanding the resignation of Dr. Mary Schohn, the VA's director of mental health.
Late Monday, CNN confirmed Schohn retired from the Department of Veterans Affairs in April of 2014.
A spokeswoman for Senator Kirk's office apologized for the error but released a statement confirming the Illinois Republican's resolve to hold people responsible for failures at the VA.
"The culture of corruption at the VA means consistently protecting those responsible for failing our vets and the taxpayers," the statement said. "Every person who oversaw the hotline for the past nine years should be fired because the GAO and VA OIG (Office of Inspector General) have repeatedly noted the crisis line's failure."
In his letter to VA Secretary Bob McDonald, Kirk cited his position as chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee that oversees funding for the VA in calling for the firing of the department's mental health director.
Kirk's office now admits it was working with bad information concerning the status of the now-retired director.
CNN was also unaware of Schohn's retirement. A spokeswoman for the VA whom CNN contacted Sunday night failed to mention Schohn's retirement, apparently because she was also not aware Schohn was no longer working for the VA.
As CNN reported last week , the inspector general's report found suicide hotline calls being placed on hold or sent to backup call centers, and some calls were even forwarded to a voicemail system.
Kirk's letter says the recent OIG report is one of several warnings in recent years highlighting failure in mental health treatment for veterans.
Kirk's letter urges McDonald to take immediate action, concluding, "There can be no higher order within the VA than taking seriously the suicide rates of our service men and women when they return from the battlefield."
The hotline at the center of the disturbing new report is the Veterans Crisis Line, or VCL, based in Canandaigua, New York. The crisis center was recently the focus of a HBO documentary praising the workers' tireless efforts to help vets. The film, "Crisis Hotline: Veterans Press 1," even won an Oscar last year. (HBO and CNN have the same parent company, Time Warner.)
But it turns out the suicide hotline itself was in trouble, and not helping some veterans in their worst time of need, according to the report
The VA Office of Inspector General of Healthcare Inspections began investigating the crisis call center last year after complaints by veterans that they were placed on hold, or transferred to voicemail, or not given appropriate help when most in need.
The Office of Special Counsel also received complaints, prompting the IG to further investigate.
Investigators determined that during busy times at the center, veterans would be redirected to a backup center, or sent to voicemail and sometimes never got a return call, the report said.
The report also raised concerns about staff training.
"We also substantiated that VCL management did not provide social service assistants with adequate orientation and ongoing training," the report states.
And for workers in the backup center, where phone calls sometimes landed during busy times, the report also said, "We did find evidence that raised concerns regarding backup center training adequacy."
Ironically, the call center was part of an overall VA plan to address the staggering problem of veteran suicides. According to the report, 20% of those who kill themselves are veterans. From October 1, 2008, through the end of 2010, "VHA suicide prevention coordinators reported approximately 5 suicide deaths per day and nearly 950 veteran suicide attempts per month among veterans receiving care," the report states.
The hotline began running in July of 2007 and runs 24/7. Numbers show demand for the services is high. Staff at the center field hundreds of thousands of calls a year. The report shows that in fiscal year 2013-2014, the center saw a 30% uptick in calls, from 287,070 in 2013 to 374,053 in 2014. During that same period, the backup center staff saw an increase of 112% in call volume.
The IG office also said it had identified "gaps" in a "quality assurance process" at the crisis call center.
"These gaps included an insufficient number of required staff supervision reviews, inconsistent tracking and resolution of VCL quality assurance issues, and a lack of collection and analysis of backup center data, including incomplete caller outcome or disposition information from backup center staff."
Rep. Jeff Miller, chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, said the report "leaves many of the most important questions unanswered, namely what happened to all of the veterans who were sent to voicemail or just gave up without leaving a message?"
"No veteran in crisis should ever have to wait for service or be transferred without a positive handoff, told to call another organization, or -- worst of all -- have their call terminated without receiving any assistance," said Miller.
"The larger issue is that this situation shows that the VA employees in charge of running the crisis line were asleep at the switch -- utterly unfamiliar with the day-to-day operations of the program."
Officials at the VA said Thursday they were well aware of the report and its findings and said that efforts have been underway for a year to make improvements.
"It is important for veterans and our key stakeholders to know that the VA undertook actions to strengthen Veterans Crisis Line operations long before publication of the inspector general report. The goal is to make the Veterans Crisis Line nothing short of a world-class crisis response center," said VA Deputy Secretary Sloane Gibson.
Gibson said that, since last year, the VCL has hired a director with a better background, a deputy director with call center management experience, four dedicated staff trainers and six dedicated quality managers. He also said there is now improved data that provides "the most responders at the times when veterans are most in crisis," and he said staff training has been "strengthened."
"Since the crisis line began operations in 2007, our crisis line responders have saved 53,000 veterans," he said "Getting this right is a top priority."
WASHINGTON — Contradicting a statement put out last week by the International Olympic Committee, Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko told R-Sport Thursday that Russia's anti-LGBT propaganda law would remain in effect during the Sochi Olympics in February 2014.
"No one is forbidding an athlete with non-traditional sexual orientation from coming to Sochi, but if he goes onto the street and starts propagandizing it, then of course he will be held accountable," Mutko told R-Sport.
The comments come a week after the IOC announced that it had received assurances "from the highest level of government in Russia that the legislation will not affect those attending or taking part in the Games." The sports minister's comments also came two days after a Russian lawmaker made similar comments regarding his view that the law could not be suspended during the Olympics.
The legislation, signed into law by Russian President Vladimir Putin this June, authorizes the 15-day jailing of foreigners and fines for both foreigners and Russians who are convicted of "promotion of non-traditional sexual relations among minors." The breadth of the law, as judged by public comments of officials and early attempts at prosecution, could criminalize any public discussion or dissemination of information about homosexuality. If committed "with the use of the media," the penalty could include "administrative suspension of activity for up to ninety days."
Asked about the development, a U.S. Olympic Committee spokesman — referencing a letter sent to sport organizing bodies around the country that BuzzFeed published on Tuesday — said that "our letter says all we're currently prepared to say." In the letter, sent from USOC head Scott Blackmun, he stated that the USOC was "engaged in active discussions with the International Olympic Committee and the U.S. State Department" regarding Americans' safety at the Olympics.
IOC officials did not immediately respond to a request seeking comment.
The Human Rights Campaign, which had questioned the IOC's announcement at the time, responded to Thursday's statement saying that officials have made clear that gay people "will be in harm's way" if they go to Sochi for the Olympics.
"One wonders which Russian authorities the IOC is speaking to," HRC's vice president for communications, Fred Sainz, told BuzzFeed regarding the IOC's prior statement. "Within the past twenty-four hours, two high level officials have gone out of their way to contradict the IOC in no uncertain terms. The opinion of the Russian government is now perfectly clear: if you're gay and you come to Russia for the Olympics, you will be in harm's way."
All Out, an organization aimed at mobilizing people and their social networks across the globe on equality issues, has been working with Russian activists on LGBT issues for the past two years and likewise criticized Thursday's statement.
"The founding principles of the Olympics must be upheld within Russia: respect, excellence and friendship. Staging the Games in Russia with these laws in place is like holding the Olympics in Johannesburg at the height of apartheid," All Out's executive director, Andre Banks, said. "President Putin will risk his country's international reputation if these Games go ahead with laws in place that are in fundamental opposition to Olympic values."
Sainz added, "What this makes all the more clear is that LGBT Russians and expats alike are also in peril. The law is so obtuse that circumstances can be contrived to prosecute LGBT individuals who are simply living their lives. These laws are an abomination and pose a human rights imperative for all to speak out."
Update at 8 p.m.: USA Today reported a response from the IOC Thursday evening:
"We rest with comments made directly to us by deputy PM Kozak," IOC spokesman Mark Adams wrote in an email Thursday, referring to Russian deputy prime minster Dmitry Kozak.
[This article has been updated to include comment from the U.S. Olympic Committee.]
Our Take
The move toward a national police force is inevitable. So far, this is a small step in that direction, but more will surely follow. As more controversies about the police and their questionable use of force enter the media, we will see an increase in calls for national standards and oversight. While these calls for action may be well-intentioned, they will certainly end with a worse situation.
Putting matters like this into the hands of the federal government is the wrong way to deal with this issue. If we deem it necessary for the government to handle a specific responsibility, it is always best to put it in the hands of the most localized government possible. This is because it is at the localized level where the most thought and care is given.
By Stephen Rex Brown
Nathan Eovaldi's wife is due to deliver any day. Andrew Heaney turned in yet another strong pitching performance Saturday in the minors. And the Marlins don't play on Monday or Thursday.
Add it all up, and the Marlins aren't entirely sure how their rotation will shape up this coming week. Or they're sure, and they're not telling anyone.
Here's the only thing that's certain: Tom Koehler will start Tuesday at Texas. Beyond that, questions marks.
Jacob Turner is listed as Wednesday's starter, and he threw his normal between-starts bullpen Sunday. But manager Mike Redmond also told reporters that Eovaldi could start on Wednesday depending on the status of his wife, who is expecting their first child. With the off day, Eovaldi would be pitching on normal rest if he goes Wednesday, even though he would vault in front of Turner.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Throw in the fact that it's now possible for the Marlins to safely call up Heaney from Triple A New Orleans without risking Super 2 status, and it muddles the picture even further.
Heaney went six innings Saturday for the Zephyrs, allowing a run on five hits over six innings. He struck out nine while walking one. He has now made four starts for New Orleans, going 3-0 with a 2.74 ERA. Overall this season, he is 7-2 with a 2.47 ERA while striking out 79 in 76 2/3 innings
If the Marlins decide to promote Heaney now, he could start either Friday or Saturday after the Marlins return home from their road trip. If they decide to give him another start at Triple A, he would likely come up in the Mets series at home.
SALTY'S STATUS
Jarrod Saltalamacchia can spend up to 14 days on the seven-day concussion list before the Marlins have to decide whether to activate him or transfer the catcher to the 15-day DL.
•
Henderson Alvarez's
scoreless innings streak ended at 26 on Sunday when he gave up two runs in the sixth. Both runs scored after Alvarez left the game with a left hip strain and Dan Jennings took over.
Alvarez's streak is the third-longest by a Marlins pitcher. Luis Aquino went 26 1/3 scoreless innings during the 1994 season, and Javier Vazquez went 29 in a row without allowing a run in 2011.
COMING UP
•
Monday
: Off day.
•
Tuesday
: Marlins RHP
Tom Koehler
(5-5, 3.33 ERA) at Texas Rangers RHP
Colby Lewis
(4-4, 5.77), 8:05 p.m., Arlington, Texas.
This 1968 AMC AMX was recently restored by the previous owner with new paint and interior, a performance built 360ci V8 crate motor, and rebuilt 4-speed manual transmission. The car was purchased as a project out of Oklahoma by the previous owner, who performed the restoration in 2012-2013. The car is said to drive and handle well with new suspension and brakes and over 100 photos highlight the car's condition below. Records date back to the previous owner and include many receipts from the restoration process. Several spares are included in the sale and the car carries a clean Arizona title in the owner's name.
Much less common than the Mustangs and Camaros of the day, the 2-seat AMX was only produced from 1968 to 1970 and was the only American-built steel-bodied two-seater of its time. Originally finished it Caravelle Blue, the exterior was refinished by the previous owner in 2013 with the Platinum color accompanied by an orange accent stripe and a mat black shadow mask along the front area, as optioned on later AMX models. Though not show quality, the new finish shows well and contains a few noted imperfections shown in the photo gallery below.
Trim, lenses, and rubber components are a mix of original and OEM pieces and the bumpers have been re-chromed. Factory Magnum 500 wheels were refurbished during the build and are fitted with BF-Goodrich redline tires with around 2K miles on them. The suspension has been rebuilt and the brakes have been updated with new shoes, drums, lines, and hydraulic cylinders.
The interior departs from OEM specification in finish and materials, but presents nicely with new seat upholstery, door panels, carpets, and headliner. Modern updates include an Equus Pro tachometer and Pioneer CD player, with the original tach and an OEM AM radio included in the sale.
Gauges, controls, and other electric accessories remain fully functional though the reverse lights do not currently work. The windshield wipers would require a conversion to electric from the original vacuum function that is said to be incompatible with the current engine specification. Some minor water intrusion in the trunk area is noted by the seller, noticeable when washing the car. It seems to be coming from the rear windows despite their new seals.
Originally a factory 390/four-speed model as verified by the X and M in its VIN, the car currently runs a newer 360 V8 crate motor that was fitted by the seller. Though receipts no longer exist, research by the seller lists the specifications as:
3.438″ stroke crank
5.875″ connecting rods reconditioned with ARP rod bolts
9½:1 compression pistons
New CompCam Hydraulic flat tappet cam 58cc heads with 2.02″Int/1.600″ exhaust valves
New 1.440″ high performance springs setup to match cam
New Screw-in rocker studs
New roller tipped rocker arms
New Hardened push rods
New Perfect Circle rings
New Double row timing set
Electric fuel pump
New Brass expansion plugs
Gallery to gallery equalization tube in the rear of the block
New Edelbrock RPM Air Gap aluminum intake manifold
Lifter valley drilled for faster oil return to the oil pan
A new Milodon 8-quart oil pan with 9″ rear sump has been fitted that improves performance through increased capacity and strategically placed horizontal baffling for oil control and fits in all applications that originally had V8 engines.
The engine bay remains tidy and features a new high-efficient core radiator along with all hoses and belts. The motor has less than 2000 miles on it and is said to run very strong coming on fast at 2000 RPM. The car has received an oil change in preparation for sale.
Assorted lift shots show an undercarriage that has remained clean and well-preserved following the restoration. Metal replaced by the previous owner includes the rear valance panel, trunk floor, and battery tray. The exhaust system is new and the exhaust manifolds have been cleaned and coated while the 4-speed transmission was rebuilt with a new clutch. The drive-line was balanced with new u-joints installed and the rear differential was also rebuilt.
The video above features a walkaround of the car and is accompanied by additional videos on the seller's YouTube page.
Documentation includes the manuals, wiring schematics, a reference book on AMXs, and the previous owner's history book that includes history on the car with receipts and pictures taken before the restoration. Several spare parts are also included in the sale and feature:
Welcome to this newest microsite that is now a big part of the Talk Business & Politics family.
The genesis of this site sprouted from our participation in the recent annual Governor's Conference on Tourism, where it became apparent that the “business” of tourism, travel, hospitality and heritage has grown into a significant economic engine in Arkansas.
After talking to several state leaders in this arena, we decided it was time to center our news coverage on the different hubs that comprise the interrelated industries of the aforementioned subjects. Quite frankly, we've been covering it for years – it was just time to do it in a more organized and formal manner.
Tourism and related areas account for nearly $6 billion in economic activity in the state. It accounts for 116,800 jobs, according to the latest labor statistics. In case you're wondering, that's 9.3% of the state's total employed workforce.
As you can see from some of our news coverage on this page, tourism is on a record-setting pace this year to become even more important to the state's economy.
Lawmakers should take note and find ways to invest in this all-important industry.
It touches every corner of the state, so there is opportunity to grow tourism-related jobs everywhere.
It is generally a clean industry with fewer harmful effects on the economy than other industrial or goods-producing sectors. As a matter of fact, the sustainability movement has deep roots in the tourism sector.
Finally, and perhaps most importantly, the tourism economy adds to our quality of life in Arkansas. And it draws people to the Natural State to spend their money and thus we collect taxes from them.
There are myriad ways for the state and investors to make a difference. We have to continue smart tax policies; invest in our state parks, museums and natural resources; and look for job-training and entrepreneurial opportunities to strengthen the startups and beginners in this field.
If we don't invest in this booming sector now, we'll be missing a real opportunity later.
Enjoy the new website. Veteran writer and long-time Talk Business & Politics contributor Kerri Jackson Case will be leading our coverage. A special thanks to the many organizations that will be helping underwrite this effort with their advertising and sponsorship.
Please feel free to share your thoughts with either of this as we begin this newest endeavor.
Comments
comments
Vandals have defaced at least two campaign signs put up by Clarkstown Highway Superintendent Candidate Dennis Malone and damaged others.
Clarkstown police said they received reports on Sunday of obscenities written in black marker on two signs on Old Haverstraw Road in Congers and at the intersection of Route 304 and Congers Road in New City.
Malone, who is running on the Democratic line, filed the first report on August 27 about three signs broken into pieces. The signs that were damaged were located on Kings Highway in Congers, the Brewery Road and Congers Rd intersection and the New City side of the Congers Road Causeway. Malone said he thought someone used a baseball bat to break apart the signs.
"The campaign against me is tied to undesirable elements," said Malone, who was campaigning at Sunday's New City Street Fair.
Malone said volunteers have been checking on the approximately 25 campaign signs that have been placed around Clarkstown. The Congers resident said the signs with the expletives were removed immediately because he is concerned that youngsters would see them.
"I don't want them to see that it's a disgrace," he said.
Other candidates and people involved with various political campaigns who attended the street fair said they were not aware of any additional incidents. Clarkstown police have not received any other reports of sign vandalism.
Malone is challenging his current boss Wayne Ballard, who is running on the Republican line. The race is already fraught with controversy with the release of secretly recorded videotapes by another highway department employee, Frank Sparaco. He alleged the tapes revealed attempts by Malone and others to bribe and threaten him to assist in getting Malone elected.
In August, Malone filed a defamation of character lawsuit against Ballard and Sparaco and the leaders of the Clarkstown and Rockland County Republican Committees, Bob Axelrod and Vincent Reda.
Related articles --------------------------------
Sparaco Plans Release of Alleged Corruption Tapes
Political Corruption Or Politics As Usual in Rockland
Sparaco Release Tapes of Alleged Corruption
Release of Tape Excerpts Bring Promises of Lawsuits
Borelli Blasts GOP After Removal From Committee
Clarkstown Ethics Code Overhaul Requested
Malone Files Defamation Lawsuit Against Sparaco, Ballard, GOP Leaders
NewsPopulation Control
July 17, 2017 (LifeSiteNews) — Governments and schools should be teaching kids to have fewer children in order to reduce climate change.
That's according to a study published in Environmental Research Letters, in which University of British Columbia grad student Seth Wynes and Sweden's Lund University professor Kimberley Nicholas calculate how individual actions cut greenhouse gas emissions.
They claim having one fewer child is a “high impact action” far eclipsing any other in effectiveness.
The study has received widespread attention, reported uncritically in the mainstream media, such as the left-leaning U.K. Guardian, and generating controversy across the conservative blogosphere and Twitter.
But Steven Mosher, president of the Virginia-based Population Research Institute, blasted the suggestion as “ridiculous” and “dangerous,” and the study as “climate extremism masquerading as science.”
The study “is not science but rank speculation, and should emphatically not be used as the basis for government policy,” he told LifeSiteNews in an email.
The study looks at the effect of individual actions on cutting carbon emissions, which has to happen to meet Paris Agreement goals, the authors contend.
Everyone must “grow up accustomed to a lifestyle that approaches the 2.1 tonnes per person annual emissions budget necessary by 2050 to meet the 2 °C climate target” of that agreement, which 195 countries signed on to in 2015.
“It is especially important that adolescents are prepared for this shift,” write Wynes and Nicholas.
A World Bank data-map alleges that Canadian emissions are at 13.5 tonnes per person, U.S. and Australian at around 16 per person, Russian at 12.4, and Saudi Arabia at 18.
Going car-free was an annual savings of 2.4 tonnes of carbon dioxide, not eating meat a savings of 0.8, and cutting back one transatlantic flight a year saved 1.6, they calculated.
But having one fewer child would save 58.3 tonnes per year, the study alleges.
The authors also surveyed high school textbooks from seven Canadian provinces and discovered that none of these textbooks taught that having fewer children would reduce climate change.
That should change, say Wynes and Nicholas.
Teenagers “should be informed of the environmental consequences of family size as they are likely becoming sexually active,” the study states.
Wynes told LifeSiteNews it's not necessarily about having fewer children.
"Although every person added to the planet adds more emissions, the central issue is not having more children, but the high-consumption society that those children are born into,” he said.
“If national emissions decrease drastically, then the effect of having an additional child can be 17 times less.”
Nevertheless, the authors appear to have anticipated pushback.
“Some high-impact actions may be politically unpopular,” they write, “but this does not justify a focus on moderate or low-impact actions at the expense of high-impact actions.”
But “Wynes and Nicholas did not come up with the numbers on their own,” pointed out Mosher.
“The model on carbon footprints for children was developed by Murtaugh and Schlax at Oregon State University back in 2008,” he said.
All Wynes and Nicholas did was “add the ridiculous suggestion that schoolchildren ought to be discouraged from having children of their own, or at least as many children as they would like.”
This is “a dangerous suggestion, as we can see from the experience of China,” Mosher said.
“If carried out, it would not only infringe on the reproductive freedom of young Canadians, but would be devastating for Canada's future economic growth, while doing little or nothing to affect the climate.”
Moreover, as with the Murtaugh and Schalx study, “there are just too many variables at play to get a good handle on the size of future carbon footprints — green technology, increasing urbanization, changes in diet, rate of exercise, etc,” he told LifeSiteNews.
“But the larger question is: Does it matter what our carbon footprint' is?” added Mosher.
“I don't think it does, since carbon dioxide levels have been far higher in the earth's past than they are likely to become as a result of human activity,” he said.
“Also, the small amount of global warming projected over the next century is, on balance, going to be good for humanity. Who wants another Ice Age?”
“Everyone is suffering,” said Floyd Davis, the frontman for the Skillet Show who lives above the pub in one of the apartments that Mr. Lampkin manages.
“All the people who were making decent money in Harlem off that little pub,” he said, are suffering now.
Bars were part of the family business. Mr. Lampkin's father owned several of them, Mr. Lampkin said. His mother, Lillian Lampkin, owned a few liquor stores in Harlem, and in the early 1960s bought a bar that she called the Pink Angel. It eventually became St. Nick's Pub.
Photo
The musicians Frank Lacey, Olu Dara, Sarah Vaughn and Wynton Marsalis were among those who played at St. Nick's and through Harlem's ups and down, the pub drew famous faces and busloads of tourists.
“They all came to that little raggedy old dive,” Mr. Davis said.
Mr. Lampkin played pool in the pub as a child and after dropping out of college, he became a superintendent for his mother's two apartment buildings.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“He's a good person with a good heart,” Mr. Vines said. He added, however, that “he knew nothing about the music business, or the staging of music, or the hiring of musicians. He knew none of that.”
“He wasn't as hands-on as his mother was,” Mr. Vines added. “The thing about the pub, it needs hands-on loving care.”
The pub had live music seven days a week with no cover charge and a two-drink minimum, which Mr. Lampkin said was hard to regulate. “I tried to compete with pretty much anybody in New York,” Mr. Lampkin said, adding that he feared a cover charge would put people off.
Photo
“We had this history of a Harlem establishment,” he said, “with a welcoming feeling.”
On good nights, Mr. Lampkin said, the place could make at least $1,000. Other times, he barely had enough to pay the band.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
How he wound up without a liquor license remains unclear. Mr. Lampkin tells stories about lawyers, the swirl of debt from his mother's estate, having to fix up the rental properties, and the weight of wearing multiple hats. According to the New York State Liquor Authority, the license expired on May 31, 2010, a few months after Mr. Lampkin's mother died.
That month, Mr. Lampkin said, he applied to renew the license under his mother's name. Then the liquor authority found out that she was dead. Mr. Lampkin said he and his lawyer tried to get a license in his name. The bar remained open. “I was kind of skating a thin line,” Mr. Lampkin acknowledged.
Though he claimed that he had applied for a new license, the liquor authority said it had no record of an application. Former patrons, former employees and others are frustrated and have taken to online message boards to show it, one patron pleading: “Please come back St. Nicks!”
When that will occur remains vague. Mr. Lampkin said he had hoped to be open for the summer. But this month, he said he planned to renovate and reopen in the fall. “At this very moment, it's a little iffy,” Mr. Lampkin said. “I wake up sometimes dreaming about the pub.” Then he added, “I haven't forgotten.”
The White House says that United States President Barack Obama may approve of using military force against the Syrian government.
Early afternoon on Friday, White House press secretary Jay Carney said that the administration has a number of options in regards to handling reports that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has used chemical weapons, and those routes include but are not exclusive to using military force.
Fielding a question from the media during the afternoon presser, Carney said that he could not speculate on what action if any Pres. Obama will pursue against Assad, but said “as a general principal the United States retains the ability to act unilaterally.”
Pres. Obama spoke to reporters hours later about the allegations during a meeting with Jordan's King Abdullah in the Oval Office, calling the developments a “game changer” in terms of how the US might respond.
"Horrific as it is when mortars are being fired on civilians and people are being indiscriminately killed, to use potential weapons of mass destruction on civilian populations crosses another line with respect to international norms and international law," Obama said.
"That is going to be a game changer. We have to act prudently. We have to make these assessments deliberately. But I think all of us ... recognize how we cannot stand by and permit the systematic use of weapons like chemical weapons on civilian populations."
Just one day earlier, US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said that the US intelligence community determined “with varying degrees of confidence that the Syrian regime has used chemical weapons.” The White House sent a letter to members of the US Senate that morning informing lawmakers that Pres. Assad is believed to have used the odorless liquid sarin on at least two occasions.
"Thus far, we believe that the Assad regime maintains custody of these weapons, and has demonstrated a willingness to escalate its horrific use of violence against the Syrian people," the letter read in part.
Following up on Friday, Carney said, “We still believe based on the information that we have that the stockpiles of chemical weapons in Syria are under control of the Syrian regime.”
“Because of that, Assad is responsible for the disposition of those chemical weapons and it is his responsibility first and foremost not to use them or to transport them to terrorist groups, but to secure them and make sure they aren't used by anyone else.”
“That's all I can really say about it. That's our assessment at this time,” said Carney, adding that the Obama administration is working with allies and partners, including the United Nations and Sthe yrian opposition, to gather credible facts to corroborate earlier reports.
(SOFIA) - On the eve of a European vote, the Kremlin's closest EU-ally Bulgaria is torn between the bloc that provides it with vital investment or Russia, its deeply influential "big brother" and gas supplier.
The European Union's poorest country knows that a new Cold War born from the Ukraine crisis could have a devastating impact on its fragile economy.
Bulgaria, which joined the EU in 2007, is equally vulnerable to a gas cut by Russia, with which Sofia shares economic and cultural ties, and to toughened sanctions by Brussels that would punish its giant neighbour.
This has left Bulgaria's leaders, already politically fragile, in a difficult bind as they struggle to find the middle road that can satisfy both partners.
For now, Bulgaria's EU partners remain wary that Sofia will be able to break away from Moscow's influence in favour of towing the Brussels line.
German intelligence sources, cited by Der Spiegel news weekly, said Berlin and other member states "worry Moscow will use Sofia as a beachhead for its interests and drive a wedge between EU member states".
At recent summits, Sofia has resisted EU sanctions against Moscow, raising eyebrows across Europe.
The Bulgarian public seems to agree: three recent polls have shown that between 40 and 53 percent of respondents are opposed to such sanctions.
This resistance to turning away from Russia is deeply rooted in history. Bulgaria's national holiday celebrates the country's liberation from Ottoman rule by Russian troops in 1878.
The two nations also share many similarities in language, religion and culture.
Under communism, Sofia was Moscow's most loyal satellite and its economic links with its "big brother" have remained strong under the current government, which is backed by the ex-communist Socialists.
But Gallup political analyst Andrey Raychev, thinks that Bulgarians, like the pro-West activists that sparked the crisis in Ukraine, will ultimately choose the EU over the Kremlin.
"Bulgaria is the wife that is obliged to stick by its husband (the EU), even if she knows she will suffer heavy losses," Raychev said.
- Energy grip -
But the battle to win over Bulgarians to the EU cause will be closely fought.
Bulgaria receives more than 85 percent of its gas from Russian giant Gazprom via Ukraine and Moscow has used this for decades to influence policy.
The country's largest oil refinery is owned by Russia's Lukoil and its sole Soviet-built nuclear power plant still runs on Russian fuel.
Russians are also active in the banking, real estate and tourism sectors.
But Brussels also has big cards to play. European aid funds represent a huge 65 percent of all investment in the country and 62 percent of Bulgaria's total trade is with EU partners.
So far throughout the Ukraine crisis, Sofia has stuck with the bloc, even if reluctantly.
Most resistance by Bulgaria to the EU has been over the South Stream gas pipeline project, which is meant to bring Russian gas to Europe while bypassing Ukraine and is seen as key to Sofia's energy security.
Brussels hinted earlier this month that it might freeze the project, with EU parliament calling for it to be ditched outright.
"South Stream is a project of strategic priority," hit back Economy and Energy Minister Dragomir Stoynev, vowing to start construction on the Bulgarian stretch "this summer" as planned by Gazprom.
For Ognyan Minchev, an analyst from the Sofia-based Institute for International Studies, Bulgaria's energy dependence has been purposefully maintained by the country's politicians and big businessmen, whose ties with Russia remained strong.
Analysts said support for South Stream was clearly "anti-Ukrainian," but ordinary Bulgarians -- who remember the winter of 2009, when a Kiev-Moscow price spat left thousands of households shivering without heating -- also back the project.
Bulgaria's troubled loyalties have marked the otherwise dull European election campaign in this EU newcomer, with the Socialists vowing to serve as "a bridge in the relations between Russia and the EU" and the conservatives playing a more pro-European tune.
Both, however, have firmly backed South Stream.
Social cohesion advocate and anti-crime activist Yusuf Abramjee on Sunday laid criminal charges against an apparent racist for inciting violence and hatred on social media.
Abramjee, accompanied by Andy Mashatile, former Gauteng Community Police Board member, and an attorney, visited the Brooklyn police station to lay charges against Obatala Mcambi on Sunday morning.
Mcambi posted on his Facebook page: “I use my guns to rob and kill Indians & Whites. Please fellas, join me, we have to rape their kids with AIDS virus too!” (sic). He later posted “Kill the pigs.” Abramjee said he gave police copies of the man's Facebook profile and screenshots of the posts.
Mcambi posed with firearms and in one photo the serial number appeared to be filed off. He also boasted large sums of cash on some of his photos.
“I appeal to the South African Police Service to immediately investigate this matter and bring the person/persons responsible for the hate speech, incitement to violence, and intimidation to justice,” Abramjee said after laying the charges.
“I further request that a charge of hate speech, incitement, and intimidation be opened and thoroughly investigated. We are sick and tired of this nonsense. The law must come down hard on people like Mcambi. He must be tracked down. Police must investigate the matter as one of urgency and we also need to establish whether Mcambi is his real name,” he said. The posts had caused widespread anger and “people are also opening charges in other areas”, Abramjee said.
Mashatile said “there is no place for racism and hatred. We are all one. We want this person hunted down, arrested, charged, and punished. I came here to provide an affidavit to police to support the charges opened by Yusuf, a fellow #TurnBackCrime ambassador”.
Legal representative Adila Alli said: “I decided to join in and make a statement also. This person must be arrested. These posts are unacceptable.” Abramjee said the various posts had since been deleted from the man's Facebook page.
“Scores of people reported him to Facebook. Mcambi updated his profile picture at 10.26pm last night [Saturday] with a photo of him with a revolver in his hand,” he said.
Original Article
Share This
On the wage front, the jury is still out. Last month, average hourly earnings rebounded after falling in December, increasing 2.2 percent for the last 12 months and suggesting that the benefits of a tighter job market could soon begin to spread more broadly to ordinary workers.
But the major question after Friday's report is whether better wage growth can be sustained.
A few other signals are flashing yellow as well. Data last week showed that economic output grew at a slower-than-expected 2.6 percent rate in the fourth quarter of 2014.
And on Thursday, the government reported a big jump in the country's trade deficit in December, as imports surged and exports fell. With the dollar gaining strength against the euro and other currencies, a rising trade imbalance may weigh on the economy in 2015.
Nevertheless, even the one seemingly negative note in the January jobs report — an increase in the unemployment rate to 5.7 percent from 5.6 percent in December — was actually an encouraging sign, analysts said, since it was mostly caused by more jobless Americans looking for work again as labor demand heats up.
The overall picture was so encouraging, experts said, that Federal Reserve policymakers may feel more comfortable starting their long-awaited move to raise short-term interest rates in June, a step Wall Street had generally expected to be delayed until September or even later.
Former President Bill Clinton walks on stage at the 2013 dedication of the Bill and Hillary Clinton National Airport in Little Rock. - Photo by Staton Breidenthal
A Conway state senator has filed a bill that is aimed at requiring Bill and Hillary Clinton National Airport/Adams Field to change its name.
Under S̶e̶n̶a̶t̶e̶ ̶B̶i̶l̶l̶ ̶2̶2̶1̶1 Senate Bill 430* by Sen. Jason Rapert, R-Bigelow, no municipal airport in Arkansas that is paid for "in whole or in part with public funds" can be named for a living person who was elected to federal, state, county or municipal office and received a salary for his service in the office.
Also under the bill, any affected airport would have until Jan. 1 for its commission to rename it.
The Little Rock Municipal Airport Commission changed the airport's name in 2012 to honor the Clintons' years of public service and their impact on the state. The airport's new name was formally dedicated in 2013. It is the state's largest airport.
A preliminary review of the state's 93 public-use airports didn't immediately turn up any airport to which the bill's language would apply beyond Clinton National, which was previously known as Little Rock Regional Airport, Adams Field.
John Miller Field, the municipal airport at Melbourne in Izard County, is named after a former speaker of the Arkansas House of Representatives from Melbourne. First elected in 1958, he was a state representative for 40 years. The airport was named after Miller while he was alive.
Miller died in 2014, and Rapert said that as a result, his bill wouldn't apply to Miller Field.
About two dozen Arkansas airports are named in honor of people.
Reader Poll Results Do you support a bill that is aimed at requiring Bill and Hillary Clinton National Airport/Adams Field to change its name? Yes - 34% (476 votes) No - 65% (885 votes) 1361 total votes
[EMAIL UPDATES: Get free breaking news alerts, daily newsletters with top headlines delivered to your inbox]
Bentonville Municipal Airport/Louise M. Thaden Field, for example, is named after a Bentonville native who was among the early female aviation pioneers. She established several aviation records in the 1920s and 1930s and won, among other aviation awards, the coveted Bendix Trophy in 1936, according to Eight Nine Romeo Papa: The Story of Arkansas Aviation written by Dave Wallis.
Clinton National retains Adams Field as part of its official name but only uses the Clinton name in its marketing materials. Adams refers to George Geyer Adams, an Arkansas National Guard captain who died in 1937 when a propeller assembly on an National Guard aircraft he was preparing to fly exploded as the engine was being warmed up, according to Wallis' book.
Rapert's bill amends a 2013 state law, Act 1225, which banned any public buildings or facilities from being named after a living person who in the 10 years preceding the construction of the building or facility held elective office for which he received a salary. His bill adds airports to the language.
The intent of the legislation was to "prevent unfair advantages for incumbent candidates in future political contests," which Rapert said is why the Little Rock airport was named after the Clintons.
Hillary Clinton, who was a U.S. senator from New York and secretary of state in the Obama administration, was the Democratic nominee for president in 2016.
"The fact is the commission used the airport for political purposes," Rapert said.
Hillary Clinton garnered 34 percent of the vote in Arkansas against the Republican nominee and eventual winner, Donald Trump, who received 61 percent of the vote in the state.
Her husband was elected the nation's youngest governor in 1978 and went on to serve five terms. He was elected president in 1992 and served two terms.
Rapert said Clinton's presidency was marred by the scandal of an affair with a White House intern, Monica Lewinsky, which resulted his impeachment by the U.S. House of Representatives. He was acquitted by the U.S. Senate. Clinton also paid a substantial amount of money to settle a sexual-harassment lawsuit.
"People do not enjoy the fact that the airport, the gateway to Arkansas, is named after someone who literally no one else would want to honor," Rapert said. "I think Arkansas is just weary of the Clinton baggage."
Little Rock Mayor Mark Stodola said he was "very disappointed" with the bill and "respectfully disagree[s]" with Rapert's assessment of the Clintons' impact.
The Clinton Presidential Center has had a $3.3 billion impact on the city in its first 10 years, according to a study by the Little Rock Convention and Visitors Bureau in 2014, Stodola said. In that time, more than 3 million people visited the center.
He noted that Clinton as president signed legislation in 1998 changing the name of Washington National Airport to Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport to honor the former Republican president on his 87th birthday.
"Not everyone agreed with that," Stodola said.
He also said the Little Rock airport is governed by the city. "Republicans always preach local control, local control until they don't."
The bill is assigned to the Senate Transportation, Technology and Legislative Affairs Committee.
Business on 02/24/2017
One of technology's most hyped science projects is facing Hollywood-style drama.
Hyperloop One, the ultra high-speed transportation system conceived by Elon Musk, is being sued by a co-founder and former employees, who claim the company's top leaders have misused funds, breached their fiduciary duties and conspired "to augment their personal brands, enhance their romantic lives, and line their pockets (and those of family members)."
The big name players in the suit are all defendants. Shervin Pishevar, a Hyperloop co-founder, was an early investor in Uber and hosted President Barack Obama at his San Francisco home last year. Joe Lonsdale is a co-founder of Palantir Technologies and a well-known venture capitalist. And Robert Lloyd is Hyperloop's CEO and was previously on the short list to succeed John Chambers as CEO of Cisco.
The lead plaintiff is Brogran BamBrogan, who co-founded Hyperloop Technologies (now Hyperloop One) along with Pishevar in 2014, and was forced to resign last month for reasons that to date hadn't been made clear. BamBrogan was joined in the suit by three other early executives.
Hyperloop, based in downtown Los Angeles, claims to be building the "5th mode of transportation," with hardware like levitation rigs, wind tunnels and electromagnetic test stands, according to its website. It's the type of project that attracts Silicon Valley dreamers with promises to, quite literally, invent the future. Pishevar told CNBC earlier this year that the company has raised close to $100 million.
But according to BamBrogan, the technology promise "is being strangled by the mismanagement and greed of the venture capitalists who control the company."
Among BamBrogan's most explosive claims are that Pishevar started dating the company's outside public relations representative and increased her pay to $40,000 a month, from $15,000 a month, more than any employee. Also, Lonsdale allegedly insisted on hiring his brother's two-person firm to be Hyperloop's exclusive investment bank, despite having "no notable experience with companies building hardware and engaged in infrastructure development, and few independent contracts with international and top-tier funds."
Zootopia 2 – Are you ready?
Released at the beginning of 2016, Disney's animated comedy-adventure film “Zootopia” eventually turned out to be a surprising hit of the year. Bearing this in mind, we assume fans are getting impatient to find out if there will be Zootopia sequel and, if so, whether the main characters Nick Wilde and Judy Hopps will become more than friends. If you are among those that want to hear the answer to this question, we have some good news for you. Byron Howard and Rich Moore, the movie directors, talked about “Zootopia 2” at the 2017 Golden Globes and they mentioned that there is enough material to make a sequel.
Before talking about the sequel, Howard first explained how they had made the original Zootopia movie. Their initial idea was to deliver an anthropomorphic film, such as the classic “Robin Hood.” However, Disney wanted them to create a movie which would include animals “like no one has ever seen.” Thus, they decided even to take a trip to the Africa as a part of their two-year research, in order to understand how predators and prey species coexist.
But, the most important point of their preparation for the movie was when they realized that it would provide them with the unique opportunity to discuss fear and death. Here's how Howard described this: “Our producer, Clark Spencer, reminded us that The Lion King gave parents and children a wonderful opportunity to talk about death. And I remember being shocked when seeing Bambi's mother die. It was a huge wake-up call when seeing it as a kid.” Furthermore, he explained that eventually they also tackled the issue of “discrimination and racism and the damage that does to our society. The fact that animation allows people to let go of the barriers that we see with just watching humans on screen. It helped them see themselves in Nick or Judy and understand their flaws and how to deal with them” the director concluded.
“Zootopia 2” New Ideas
What Rich Moore and Byron Howard are primarily concerned about when it comes to the sequel is whether it will be worthy enough. They seem rather excited about the project, as Moore said: “From our end, it's a great world to play in with a wonderful set of characters, and I can't see why we wouldn't jump back into that world.”
As we have already mentioned, it seems that there is one question that will have to receive special attention – the relationship between Judy Hopps and Nick Wilde. The directors themselves are still not sure what they are going to do about it. “It's so weird because half the fans are like, ‘We love WildeHopps, and they need to get together and get married,' and then there's this other side that's like, ‘No! They should not get together. Do male and female characters always have to get together at the end of every movie? Can't they just stay best friends?'” Moore said.
All things considered, it looks like all the options are still being kept open for now. It's also too early to talk about the movie release date, but we promise to keep you updated.
Zootopia CAST:
Jason Bateman as Nick Wilde (The main protagonist)
Grey DeLisle as Nick Wilde (age 5)
Jason Lee as Nick Wilde (age 11)
Josh Green as Nick Wilde (age 12)
Liam Hemsworth as Nick Wilde (age 13)
Chris Hemsworth as Nick Wilde (age 14)
Ginnifer Goodwin as Judy Hopps (The deuteragonist)
Mike Myers as Tadashi Gorki (Upcoming secondary deuteragonist, early villain)
Shawn Ashmore as Ferb Dogfalusi (Upcoming main antagonist)
Jake T. Austin as Joe Catboy (Upcoming main tritagonist)
Rami Malek as Tucker Wilde, Nick's older brother (Upcoming secondary tritagonist)
Vivianne Jolie Pitt as Tucker Wilde (age 10)
Eric Bauza as Tucker Wilde (age 16-19)
Jenny Slate as Bellwether (The secondary antagonist)
Raymons S. Persi as Flash
Tommy “Tiny” Lister as Finnick
Nate Torrence as Clawhauser
Idris Elba as Chief Bogo
James Franco as Lou Coyote (Upcoming antagonist #3)
Josh Server as Wendell Gorilla (Upcoming antagonist #4)
Don Lake as Stu Hopps
Bonnie Hunt as Bonnie Hopps
Shelley Morrison as Mrs. Wilde, the Nick's mom
Maurice LaMarche as Mr. Big and Wallace Jame
Craig Anton as Koslov and Joe's Dad
Lauren Holly as Joe's Mom
Rich Moore as Larry
David Thibodeau as Gary
J. K. Simmons as Leodore Lionheart
Frankie Muniz as Shaggy Molestone, the shoe seller
Sting as Golden M. Barker, a golden retriever
Natalie Dormer as Layla, Tadashi's deceased wife and Gabby's mother who is a mastiff.
Emma Roberts as Gabby, Tadashi's deceased daughter who is a black german shepherd, but she's found alive by Judy after she is seen being carried out by Judy and taken by medic.
Alan Tudyk as Duke Weaselton, Tadashi's formerly minion, Unknown upcoming character
Dennis Bateman as Travis, a black-footed ferret, Unknown upcoming character
John Patrick Lowrie as The Judge, Unknown upcoming character
Fred Stoller as Woodchuck Boy (Adult), Unknown upcoming character
Matthew Ewald as Unknown upcoming character
Jeff “Swampy” Marsh as Unknown upcoming character
Tara Strong as Unknown upcoming character
Eric Bauza as Unknown upcoming character
Cast (uncredited)
Dennis Bateman as Mr. Wilde.
Maurice LaMarche as Tadashi's father
Shakira as Gazelle
Zootopia : Movie Info
Zootopia is a city like you have never seen before. The mammal metropolis which consists of an upmarket neighborhood like Sahara Square and chilly Tundratown is a bubbling volcano of life where animals from every habitat live one with another, from the biggest Polar Bears to the smallest of ants. When a rookie police officer Judy Hopps (voiced by Ginnifer Goodwin) joins the police ranks she discovers that being the first bunny in the police department is not an easy feat. Especially because she is surrounded by large and vigorous animals. To prove herself to her parents, friends, and colleagues she doesn't shy away from joining forces with swift-talking hustler Nick Wild ( voice of Jason Bateman), who is, by the way, a fox, to solve a mystery case. Zootopia is a comedy-adventure which originated in Walter Disney Animation Studios and was directed by Byron Howard (Bolt, Tangled) and Rich Moore (Wreck-It-Ralph, The Simpsons) and co-directed by Jared Bush (Penn Zero: Part Time Hero). The movie opened in theaters on March 4 of 2016.
Rating: PG (for some thematic elements, rude humor and action)
Genre: Action & Adventure, Animation, Comedy
Directed By: Byron Howard, Rich Moore, Jared Bush
Written By: Jared Bush, Phil Johnston
In Theaters: Mar 4, 2016 wide
On DVD: Jun 7, 2016
Box Office: $341,264,012.00
Runtime: 108 minutes
Studio: Walt Disney Animation Studios
Zootopia Official US Trailer #2
Zootopia US Teaser Trailer
Zootopia Official Sloth Trailer (2016) – Disney Animated Movie HD
Zootopia – Review
In the past, animated movies were targeting children as their audience, but that has changed in recent years. Nowadays, most fantasy films contain a political message or talk about the problems in a country or the world. Zootopia is a movie both kids and adults can watch, and it is a tale about a city where predators and prey live together in harmony.
The message of the film is inconsistent and if you think about it is in contradiction to the light and entertaining spirit of the film. Zootopia is about discrimination, and it tells us how discriminating against someone is wrong, but stereotypes are there for a reason, and everyone fights against them, but it takes patience to overcome stereotypes.
Bunny Hopes, voiced by Ginnifer Goodwin, is a rabbit from a small town and her dream is to become a cop. However, it is hard for her because usually large herbivores and predators join the police forces and there has never been a rabbit in the service. For example, a water buffalo, who is called Chief Bogo, voiced by Idris Elba is a police chief, and even though Hops completes the training, she was assigned to meter maid duty.
When here parents realize that it is time for Hops to go away from home, they give her the fox repellent. They are such caring parents as they know that the fox is rabbit's nemesis, but they also know that Judy had issues with one fox when she was just a child – The menacing fox insulted her for being a bunny and slashed her face with his claws.
In the city of Zootopia, Hops teams up with a red fox called Nick Wilde, voiced by Jason Bateman, and the dynamic duo tries to crack a case of disappearing predators. For those of you who didn't watch the movie, we will not talk about what happens next, but Zootopia really makes you think about stereotypes, and it is a great way for parents to talk to their kids about the effects.
Not everything is black and white, though. In real life as well as in the movie, the carnivores do eat herbivores, the sloths are really slow, the fox can go out of the woods, but it will always keep its character, and the rabbits reproduce prolifically. But if you make an analogy to the world of the human beings there are some problems. Who are the “predators” and “prey” in our world?
In Zootopia, there are various situations about discrimination that convey not so good a message. For example, Hops warns a colleague by saying “Only a bunny can call another bunny cute” and Wilde advises Hops “Never let them see that they get to you.” We could notice that people or in this case animals, acknowledge the destructive self-hatred that arises from discrimination.
The movie is filled with self-deprecating jokes as well – Hops wants to do the math for Wilde, and she tells him: “If there's one thing we bunnies are good at, it's multiplying.” Furthermore, Wilde became a cunning fox and a hustler because other animals teased him when he was just a pup and he ended up embracing the characteristics of his species. The jokes and basically everything about the movie is clever, we cannot deny that, but to some extent the stereotypes about animals are true.
Zootopia is directed by Byron Howard and Rich Moore, while Jared Bush co-directed the movie. It is such an entertaining film with clever jokes, an amazing plot that really keeps your attention and there is no doubt that both adults and kids will fall in love with it. Some sections of the movie are fantastic such as the part where Gazelle shows up and when Hops arrive in the city which consists of different terrains such as rainforest and tundra.
In addition, Bunny Hops also goes through rodent town and in this section, she realizes what it is like to be larger than anyone else. There are funny moments such as when Chief Bogo says that he cannot start the morning without seeing the elephant in the room (implying to a bunny cop). Zootopia is one of the best movies made in 2016, and if you try to think about the metaphor, you will see some contradiction and realize it is not completely successful after all. Still, it is worth thinking about.
Michael Stuhlbarg in Call Me by Your Name.
One of the most fun things about Steven Spielberg's The Post is how almost everybody in it was also in another Oscar movie this year. There's Get Out's Bradley Whitford playing a pompous board member! And that's Lady Bird's Tracy Letts as Meryl Streep's trusted adviser! Even Streep's daughter is played by Alison Brie of The Disaster Artist, though maybe that's more of a Golden Globes movie. But nothing compares to the thrill of seeing Michael Stuhlbarg pop up as a New York Times editor, not just because Stuhlbarg has an enjoyably wry screen presence, but also because the actor was already in two of this year's Oscar contenders, earning Best Supporting Actor buzz as an understanding father in Call Me by Your Name, and making the most of his scenes as a scientist in The Shape of Water. It's like he died and went to character-actor heaven.
In fact, it's looking pretty likely that when the Oscar nominations come out January 23, all three of those Stuhlbarg films will be on the Best Picture slate. That's an achievement so rare it feels like it deserves its own name, and so I'm tempted to call the feat of appearing in three separate Best Picture nominees in a single year “Stuhlbarging.” But how rare is it? Has anyone else Stuhlbarged before? Let's look into Oscar history and see.
Now, the list of actors who have appeared in two Best Picture nominees in the same year is a long one. It occurs pretty regularly: Mahershala Ali and Janelle Monae both did it last year (coincidentally for the same two films, Hidden Figures and Moonlight), and Tom Hardy did it the year before with Mad Max: Fury Road and The Revenant. It's easier to do now that the Best Picture field has been expanded — it also happened thrice in 2013, and a whopping four times in 2011 — but it was common in the old days, too. Geoffrey Rush and Emma Thompson did it in the '90s. In the '70s, John Cazale and Robert Duvall both did it. Yul Brynner, Spencer Tracy, and Olivia de Havilland all did it. The list goes on. You get it. It happens a lot.
But according to my research, only a small handful of actors has ever managed to make it into three Best Picture nominees in a single year. Here they are:
John C. Reilly (2002): This is probably the closest analogue to Stuhlbarg, as both are versatile supporting players with a nose for quality films. It felt like O'Reilly was in everything this year, as the future Steve Brule played a goon in Gangs of New York, and husbands to unfulfilled wives in both The Hours and eventual Best Picture winner Chicago. He also nabbed a Best Supporting Actor nomination for his work in the latter, but lost to Chris Cooper, a hunk.
Thomas Mitchell (1939): After Reilly, we've got to go all the way back to the 1930s to find the other actors to nab a threepeat of Best Picture noms. Of these, Thomas Mitchell was the most recent, with 1939 seeing the comic actor pop up as Scarlett O'Hara's father in Gone With the Wind, a reporter in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, and a doctor in Stagecoach. Still, this pales in comparison to Mitchell's other three-themed acting achievement: He was the first man to win acting's triple crown, taking home an Oscar for Stagecoach, an Emmy for The Doctor, and a Tony for Hazel Flagg. Unfortunately, the Grammy would elude him.
Bess Flowers (1936 and 1937): Flowers's inclusion here might be a little controversial: She was a famously prolific extra who holds the record for most appearances in Best Picture nominees, even though she was never credited in most of them. Still, we're including her for thoroughness's sake, and for the fact that she apparently managed to Stuhlbarg two years in a row, playing characters like “Party Guest” in Anthony Adverse, Dodsworth, and Mr. Deeds Goes to Town in 1936 and The Awful Truth, In Old Chicago, and One Hundred Men and a Girl in 1937. And if that wasn't enough, Flowers was instrumental in forming the Screen Extras Guild, a union for Hollywood extras. What a lady!
Charles Laughton (1935): Laughton was already a British stage legend when he became one of the biggest screen stars of the 20th century, and 1935 was the height of his fame. He played the implacable Captain Bligh against Clark Gable's Fletcher Christian in Mutiny on the Bounty, he was Javert to Fredric March's Valjean in Les Misérables, and he also played the titular butler in the fish-out-of-water tale Ruggles of Red Gap. Bounty took home Best Picture, and also earned Laughton a Best Actor nod.
Claudette Colbert (1934): Like Laughton, Colbert was one of the brightest stars of the Golden Age of Hollywood. (The pair would co-star in 1932's Sign of the Cross.) In the seventh Oscars ever, she became the first person to ever Stuhlbarg, playing the title character in Cleopatra, a frustrated widow in Imitation of Life, and a lovelorn heiress in eventual winner It Happened One Night. Even more impressive, Colbert is the only actor on this list to be top-billed in each of their Best Picture contenders. Even Stuhlbarg didn't Colbert this year!
Haters will point out that Stuhlbarg benefits from the expanded Best Picture field, which the Academy opened up in 2009, and that's true. But it's also true that the Oscars didn't stick firmly to the only-five-nominees rules before that; as you might be able to tell from the names above, the 1930s saw an expanded Best Picture category as well. (1934 and 1935, for instance, each had a whopping 12 nominees.) If anything, we should pay more attention to John C. Reilly's achievement: He's the only guy to Stuhlbarg in a year when only five movies were nominated for Best Picture. That's 60 percent of the field!
So, it's probably more appropriate to use “C. Reilly–ing” for this particular honor. But just between us, I think I'm still going to call this feat by Michael Stuhlbarg's name.
WASHINGTON (AP) — US Airways said late Wednesday that it is working with federal officials to investigate a newspaper report that three commuter jets narrowly averted a midair collision near Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport outside the nation's capital.
The Washington Post is reporting (http://wapo.st/M4SGOO ) that three US Airways jets carrying 192 passengers and crew members came within seconds of a midair collision on Tuesday afternoon. The newspaper cites federal officials with direct knowledge of the incident.
The newspaper reported that air traffic controllers cleared two outbound flights to head in the direction of an incoming plane. Controllers were reversing the path of planes coming into the airport in response to an approaching storm, but the paper reports that the information wasn't fully relayed. The planes all reached their destinations safely.
The Post reports that the FAA issued a statement saying it is investigating the matter and would address the communication lapse.
An FAA representative couldn't immediately be reached for comment late Wednesday night by The Associated Press.
USAirways spokesman Todd Lehmacher said in an email that the airline is "currently investigating and working with the FAA to determine what occurred. The safety of our customers and employees is always our top priority." He had no other details.
[m0xpd] got his hands on an inexpensive AD9850 DDS Module from eBay but needed a way to control it. He took inspiration from the projects that used a PIC microcontroller, but decided to add his own twist by using a Raspberry Pi to build a multi-mode beacon transmitter.
At the center of this breadboarded circuit lies the green AD9850 module. To its left is a level converter he built to get the 3.3V levels from the RPi board to work with the rest of the 5V hardware. The signal then feeds into a QRP amplifier and a low pass filter.
He didn't start from square one when it came time to write the code for the RPi. Instead he grabbed an Arduino sketch for the very same DDS and ported it over to Python. The first test signal was his call sign sent in Morse code at QRSS speeds. But he also managed to get Hellschreiber messages working, making it a multiple-mode device.
[via Solder Smoke]
A new thesis from he Swedish medical university Karolinska Institutet shows that the brain's serotonin system differs between men and women. The scientists who conducted the study think that they have found one of the reasons why depression and chronic anxiety are more common in women than in men.
Serotonin is a brain neurotransmitter that is critical to the development and treatment of depression and chronic anxiety, conditions that, for reasons still unknown, are much more common in women than in men. A research group at Karolinska Institutet has now shown using a PET scanner that women and men differ in terms of the number of binding sites for serotonin in certain parts of the brain.
Their results, which are to be presented in a doctoral thesis by Hristina Jovanovic at the end of February, show that women have a greater number of the most common serotonin receptors than men. They also show that women have lower levels of the protein that transports serotonin back into the nerve cells that secrete it. It is this protein that the most common antidepressants (SSRIs) block.
"We don't know exactly what this means, but the results can help us understand why the occurrence of depression differs between the sexes and why men and women sometimes respond differently to treatment with antidepressant drugs," says associate professor Anna-Lena Nordström, who led the study.
The group has also shown that the serotonin system in healthy women differs from that in women with serious premenstrual mental symptoms. These results suggest that the serotonin system in such women does not respond as flexibly to the hormone swings of the menstrual cycle as that in symptom-free women.
"These findings indicate that when developing antidepressants and anti-anxiety drugs, scientists should evaluate their effect on men and women separately, as well as their effects before and after menopause," says Ms Nordström.
Thesis: "PET evaluation of central serotonergic neurotransmission in women", Hristina Jovanovic Department of Clinical Neuroscience. The public defense will take place at 29 February at Karolinska University Hospital in Solna, Stockholm.
This is the most terrifying thing I've had to bear in months.
I take a few deep breaths. I fiddle with the dishes. I pace my 396 square foot apartment. I wonder what errands I can go run. I've put this off days. Hell, I've been putting this off my whole life.
Three months ago I got a phone call from my boss. He tells me my contract is going to run out. They don't have enough work to keep me on.
“Your last day will be September 30th,” my boss says. I'm thinking, “I'm going to be in Brazil October 1st.”
I get to Brazil with one of my best friends, Paul. We arrive in a sleepy town called Florianopolis. One night, we're sitting by the lake. He asks me what I want to do when I go back home.
“I don't know,” I tell him.
“Dude, everyday down here you wander around talking to strangers. The first day you walked into a woman's shoe store and asked the cashier on a date. Without speaking any Portuguese. I don't know anyone who loves social interactions as much as you.”
I feel my throat tighten. My heart quickens.
“Then you go back to the hostel and write. Why don't you just do that? Write about what you love to do?”
A few weeks later I'm back in the US, staring at my computer screen, afraid to push a button. And I realize why I have spent so much psychic energy hiding what I love to do from myself.
What if people hated it? I could be rejected in 1000 ways and not blink. But when you do what you care about publicly, when you give your best effort in the thing you take the most pride in, you're exposed. I'm opening myself up to be crushed.
I promised I would do it today. I paced around all morning. Ran errands to distract myself. I've done every chore I can think of. There is no more hiding.
My adrenaline is pumping. My hand hovers over the track pad. I close my eyes. I punch down. Then I run away from the computer squealing. I need to be far away to resist the temptation to cancel.
The pinwheel scrolls.
“Post published.”
Fifteen months later, everything has changed. I write for a living. I've written duds. I've been downvoted into oblivion. I've been told my writing is shit. That I'm a complete hack.
But I've also heard from people who tell me my writing has changed their lives. People who have been inspired to quit their jobs. Or ask the girl of their dreams out on a date. My clients pay hundreds of dollars an hour to hear the thoughts that I was too afraid to share publicly less than 2 years ago.
And if you're where I was, thinking about doing what you love, but terrified of how people might react, I will tell you this:
It is so worth it.
If you're still looking for that thing that lights you up, my experience has taught me a few things about how to find it.
1) Look to where you fear judgment
Often times what we would love to do is hiding in plain sight. But we care so much that we hide it from ourselves to avoid trying and failing. Instead, we purposely choose things we don't care about. We protect ourselves.
If you'd rather feel alive than protected, ask yourself, “What pastime are you afraid to share with the world? Where do you try to be perfect before anyone can see?”
If you're terrified people might not like it, that's a good sign. It means you care.
2) Ask yourself: “Where do I have a backlog of unpublished work?”
When I published my first piece on the Internet I had a backlog of 100's of half written pieces. I still do. Dead giveaway.
Where do you have a horde of half-finished, unshared projects? Have you learned a bunch of songs halfway through, tinkered with a bunch of machines, sketched a dozen paintings?
If you are nodding, I have one assignment for you. Finish one. Pick one that scares you. Share it on Facebook. Do that, and I'll bet you find your passion.
3) What do you see yourself doing one day, when you have it all figured out?
I fantasized about one day being a writer. I'd see myself in this earth-toned room typing away. Then I'd imagine myself at a book signing. People were thanking me for my books, telling me how they changed their lives. I was 100% sure this was inevitable.
Except I hadn't published a damn thing.
Where do you see yourself once you feel secure enough to focus on what you really love? Move in that direction right now.
The truth is, you WILL NOT suddenly start doing that thing when you're finances are better or life is more stable. What's stopping you is not the timing. What's stopping you is fear. You start today or chances are, you'll never do it.
4) Do what you think about in the shower
Your shower is your laboratory. It is the place your mind is most free. Where does it go?
I talk to myself in the shower. I talk through conversations I should have had. I imagine stories I will experience. Sometimes I imagine I'm Jon Snow, Billy Pilgrim, or Yossarian and play out how I'd handle things in their positions. I shape my life into narrative.
Discover where your mind goes in the shower. It holds the clue to the activities that offer you the greatest freedom and creativity.
(FYI: I wrote this post in the bathroom. Then I came back and typed it out.)
5) Forget what you're good at
In the age of 80/20 analysis spurred by Tim Ferriss, the popular advice is to focus on your strengths. If you're good at it, you'll like it.
I'm going to take the contrarian stance. Forget what you're good at. What you're good at is often an accident. You didn't choose that thing. Your parents, your teachers, your peer group encouraged you to do it for their own motives. You kept on that road for their approval.
Get back to what you love. Even if you're terrible at it today. What distinguishes world-class talent is not initial skill. It's how much work you put in. Better to be motivated by the joy of an activity than the knowledge that it comes easy to you.
Do you know the 4 emotions you need to make a great first impression every time?
If you create these 4 emotions in a SPECIFIC order, you are guaranteed to make an amazing first impression. Get the order wrong…and it won't turn out so well. This explanatory video takes less than seven minutes to watch and is 100% free.
Click Here To Get The Video And Discover The 4 Emotions!
Jurgen Klopp took over as Liverpool manager in October 2015
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his side can win the Premier League after a "bit of bad luck last season".
Liverpool started the 2016-17 season strongly and were only six points behind leaders Chelsea in January.
But they fell away with only one league win in January and February, and finished fourth, 17 points behind the champions.
"We'll be playing for the championship. We don't start a season by not having any ambitions," said Klopp.
"We have to have our goals and I think we have a very good team now. We did have a bit of bad luck last season.
"I think we can play a little bit better. Let's hope everything will work very well and that there isn't much more to improve."
Klopp said on Monday that playmaker Philippe Coutinho was not for sale, despite interest from Barcelona.
His side face Bayern Munich in the Audi Cup on Tuesday as part of their pre-season preparations.
They will be without forward Divock Origi, who has a muscle problem, and defender Joe Gomez, who has a knee injury.
They begin their Premier League campaign on Saturday 12 August at Watford.
Last week, the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee, headed by Texas Republican Lamar Smith, approved a bill that would slash at least three hundred million dollars from NASA's earth-science budget, says the New Yorker's Elizabeth Colbert. "Earth science, of course, includes climate science," Representative Eddie Bernice Johnson, a Texas Democrat who is also on the committee, noted.
Smith said that the White House's NASA budget request favored the earth sciences "at the expense of the other science divisions and human and robotic space exploration."
This is just the Republican's latest effort to cut more funding from those government agencies that provide climate data to help us predict all kinds of natural disasters, such as hurricanes and tornadoes. Have they forgotten Hurricanes Sandy, or Katrina, or the record number of tornadoes that have hit the Midwest and South of late? House Republicans are now passing bills that are dangerous to everyone's health, in a word.
It is becoming more obvious why the Republican Party has been so anti-science; in fact anti-all scientifically-verified facts. It enables them to deny any reality that will decrease the profits of their supporters, such as the Koch Brothers with a net worth of $100 billion, no matter the danger to the environment. The Koch Brothers have been denying climate change of any kind in order not to have to put CO2 scrubbers on their power plants that emit so much heat.
Representative Johnson tried to get the cuts eliminated from the bill, but her proposed amendment was rejected. Defunding NASA's earth-science program takes willed ignorance one giant leap further, says Colbert. It means that not only will climate studies be ignored; but weather data won't be collected that helps to predict the increasing number of natural disasters.
It takes Republicans' efforts to dumb down their electorate to a whole new level. Their intentions were first apparent when Wisconsin's Tea Party Governor Scott Walker recently proposed turning the University of Wisconsin into a trade school, after the Republican-led legislature banned collective bargaining of school teachers, in an effort to dumb down their public educational system.
His latest salvo was directed at the University of Wisconsin. He proposed not only to cut its budget, but proposed downsizing its mission from that of higher education to supply more workers, whoever they might be. Walker's new budget proposal would slash $300 million from the University of Wisconsin system over the next two years. That's a 13 percent reduction in state funding.
The vote on the NASA bill came just a week after the same House committee approved major funding cuts to the National Science Foundation's geosciences program, as well as cuts to Department of Energy programs that support research into new energy sources. As Michael Hiltzik, a columnist for the Los Angeles Times, noted, the committee is "living down to our worst expectations."
This willful ignorance of anything scientific endangers much more than our health and worsening environment. It endangers all scientific research--solely in order to protect the profits of their wealthiest supporters.
The practical implications of the proposed cuts are certainly disturbing. (It's going to be hard for D.O.E. to find new energy sources if it isn't even looking for them.) But perhaps even more distressing is the mindset that led to them. The "I'm not a scientist" line that all Republican candidates to date have espoused is basically a declaration of willed ignorance, said Colbert.
It highlights the dangers that such an agenda presents not only to scientific research, but to the health and well being of all Americans.
Copyright by WJHL - All rights reserved Allen Jacobs- WSPA
Copyright by WJHL - All rights reserved Allen Jacobs- WSPA
By WSPA Staff - (WSPA) - Greenville Police Department has identified 28-year-old Allen Jacobs as the officer killed by a gang member Friday afternoon.
Jacobs was shot near the 300 block of Laurens Rd. around 12:30 PM.
The police chief says officers approached a self-admitted gang member, Deontea Mackey.
Copyright by WJHL - All rights reserved Deontea Mackey
Copyright by WJHL - All rights reserved Deontea Mackey
Deontea Mackey ran from them down Rebecca St. and opened fire on the officer hitting Jacobs several times.
Police say Jacobs' weapon was still in his holster and snapped.
He later died at Greenville Memorial Hospital.
Police say Mackey shot and killed himself on Swamp Rabbit Trail.
They think Mackey called his mom right before they shot himself.
Police describe Jacobs as dedicated and worked on gang activity.
He was a 4 1/2 year veteran of the police department.
He was married and was the father of two young boys. His wife is pregnant with the couple's daughter due to be born in July.
Prior to joining the police department in 2011, he served in the US Army and was a decorated Iraq War veteran and received numerous medals and commendations for his service.
He was ranked Police Officer III and served on the Community Response Team and S.W.A.T. team.
A fund has been setup at TD bank to help the family of Officer Allen Lee Jacobs. Donation can be made at any branch by specifying that it is for Officer Allen Jacob's family.
Food truck and restaurant owners convened on City Hall on Wednesday evening for a meeting of the Neighborhoods, Community Investments and Services Committee to discuss the impact of a 2014 bill that regulated food trucks.
The bill, 2014-472, which was proposed by City Councilman Reggie Brown, outlines necessary permits, hours of operation and boundaries for food trucks.
Tom Thornton, owner of The Bank Barbecue and Bakery on West Forsyth Street and leader of the Downtown Restaurant Association of Jacksonville, which formed earlier this year, said since the opening of The Court Urban Food Truck opened on Hogan Street at the end of February his sales have declined and he's laid off six employees.
The Court Urban Food Park rotates four food trucks each weekday and first offered only lunch service when it opened next the SunTrust parking garage along Hogan Street. At the end of last month, they introduced dinner service on Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Thornton said he has invested $1 million in his property.
"The council has to revisit this ordinance," he told City Council members at Wednesday's meeting. "Had I known I'd be faced with this many food trucks, I could've bought a lot of food trucks and perhaps I should have."
Thornton added that if regulations on food trucks don't improve, he may be forced to close his business within the next two months.
"We've reached a situation where the ordinance in 2014 does not address the current situation we have," he said to the council members. "Do you want Jacksonville to be a city with restaurants or do you want it to be filled with closed signs and a carnival of food trucks?"
Brittny Lowrey, manager of The Happy Grilled Cheese, which operates a food truck and is gearing up to open a brick-and-mortar location on Hogan Street, said she doesn't want restrictions for any business owner.
"Austin and Portland both saw growth in restaurants by not restricting food trucks," she said to the committee.
Lowrey added that there's a market difference between restaurants and food trucks, citing that food trucks have to use social media to communicate with their customers.
"We speak with our customers every day and change our menu to offer people something they're willing to drive for," she said. "You can't just open your doors and expect people to come in."
Lowrey added, "All of us want to see Jacksonville grow and I'm happy to be at the forefront for both sides."
Councilman Scott Wilson asked Downtown Investment Authority CEO Aundra Wallace to create a committee made up of three representatives from the food truck community and three restaurant owners to come up with an agreement for both sides.
"In 2014, no one really anticipated an urban food truck village, and there has to be a balance," Wallace said to the committee. "We need to get beyond passion to find a solution."
Wilson asked members who wish to be on the committee to send him an email detailing why they would be the best fit at swilson@coj.net.
Ann Friedman: (904) 359-4619
Following the report about Chromebooks getting the ability to run Android apps, Google has now shared a list of compatible Chromebooks.
The search giant has apparently made changes to the Chrome OS to enable Chromebooks to run Android apps from Google Play Store. This capability will reportedly hit the eligible Chromebooks later this year.
Google's Chrome webpage says, “Chromebooks have always been about making computing more accessible for everyone, and by bringing together the best of Android and Chrome OS, we are taking a big leap forward.”
Some of the prominent Chromebooks from the compatible devices list are the Acer Chromebook 14, Thinkpad 13 Chromebook and Google's Chromebook Pixel, among others.
The compatibility list of Chromebooks, Chromeboxes and Chromebases has the following companies listed: Acer, Asus, Google, Dell, Samsung, HP, Lenovo, AOpen, Bobicus, CDI, CTL, Exdis, Haier, HexaHiSense, Lava, Medion, M&A, NComputing, Nexian, PCMerge, Poin2, Sector 5, Senkatel, Toshiba, True IDC and Viglen.
As it turns out, the first set of Chromebooks to run Android apps in June/July timeframe would be the Acer Chromebook R11 / C738T, Asus Chromebook Flip and Google's Chromebook Pixel (2015). Out of the three, Android apps are reportedly available on the M53 dev channel for Asus Chromebook Flip right now. The other two devices will be able to access very soon.
How to install Android app on a Chromebook?
According to Android Central, install the Google Play Store on the Chromebook. Following which, a shortcut icon can be seen in the taskbar. Clicking the shortcut will open the App Store. Users can just search for a particular app, or check out the list of popular and brand-new apps, and install it as required.
Here's the list of eligible Chromebooks that can run Android apps soon:
Acer
Chromebook 11 C740
Chromebook 11 CB3-111 / C730 / CB3-131
Chromebook 14 CB3-431
Chromebook 14 for Work
Chromebook 15 CB5-571 / C910
Chromebook 15 CB3-531
Chromebox CXI2
Chromebase 24
Asus
Chromebook C200
Chromebook C201
Chromebook C202SA
Chromebook C300SA
Chromebook C300
Chromebox CN62
Chromebit CS10
AOpen
Chromebox Commercial
Chromebase Commercial 22"
Bobicus
Chromebook 11
CDI
eduGear Chromebook K Series
eduGear Chromebook M Series
eduGear Chromebook R Series
CTL
Chromebook J2 / J4
N6 Education Chromebook
J5 Convertible Chromebook
Dell
Chromebook 11 3120
Chromebook 13 7310
Edxis
Chromebook
Education Chromebook
Google
Chromebook Pixel (2015)
Haier
Chromebook 11
Chromebook 11e
Chromebook 11 G2
Hexa
Chromebook Pi
HiSense
Chromebook 11
Lava
Xolo Chromebook
HP
Chromebook 11 G3 / G4 / G4 EE
Chromebook 14 G4
Chromebook 13
Lenovo
100S Chromebook
N20 / N20P Chromebook
N21 Chromebook
ThinkCentre Chromebox
ThinkPad 11e Chromebook
N22 Chromebook
Thinkpad 13 Chromebook
Thinkpad 11e Chromebook Gen 3
Medion
Akoya S2013
Chromebook S2015
M&A
Chromebook
NComputing
Chromebook CX100
Nexian
Chromebook 11.6"
PCMerge
Chromebook PCM-116E
Poin2
Chromebook 11
Samsung
Chromebook 2 11" - XE500C12
Chromebook 3
Sector 5
E1 Rugged Chromebook
Senkatel
C1101 Chromebook
Toshiba
Chromebook 2
Chromebook 2 (2015)
True IDC
Chromebook 11
Viglen
Chromebook 11
Even when a patient recovering from surgery is strong enough to get out of bed, they're still usually tethered to an IV bag for medication—which means they have to drag around one of those awkward IV poles even when just going to the bathroom. But if they're strong enough, they might soon be able to use this wearable IV pole instead
The EZPole has been in development by the South Korea-based Mobiu Corporation for the past three years, and is finally ready to begin clinical trials and testing. It's designed to sit on a patient's shoulder, like some wonderful morphine-dispening parrot, so they're able to move around and easily tackle stairs while still getting the medication they require.
Advertisement
Using a shoulder pad and a series of adjustable straps, the EZPole attaches to a patient so that their IV bag and drip can be carried hands-free without the risk of it falling over. But while it's designed to accommodate patients of all shapes, sizes, and ages, its use will be limited to a patient's condition. So if they're recovering from surgery under one of their arms, being strapped into this probably isn't ideal for their stitches. But for most patients it should bring some much-needed mobility which will assist in their recoveries. [Mobiu Corporation via AVING]
A perplexing legacy
Ball never will escape his pass on fourth down later that season against Georgia, a pass thrown intentionally out of bounds as Ball escaped heavy pressure by running out of the pocket. He'll never live down his interceptions in key moments, such as on Tech's final play on offense in each of Ball's final two games against Georgia, both decided by a touchdown or less. In the game that Tech fans want to win most every season, Ball never captured the moment in the chances he received.
He had two wins against Clemson, two wins against Miami — including a massive upset when the Hurricanes were ranked No. 3 in the country — and two wins in two tries over Auburn. But fair or not, he's still mainly remembered for those games against the Bulldogs.
“I was fresh to the pressure of it all,” Ball said. “I had no idea. All I saw was college football and the NFL on TV, and I said, ‘Hey, I want to hear the crowds roar. I want to be the guy that throws the winning TD. I want to be that guy. I want the camera to follow me. I want Keith Jackson to say my name. I want to be the focal point. I want to lead my team and be great.' But the stuff that comes along with it, the criticism that comes along with it, it's tough for a young kid.”
Ball's playing career never reached the heights he imagined. Many Tech fans still grumble about him and fans of a key rival remember him fondly. But within that narrative lies something more poignant. For a brief time, one young, dying fan reveled in watching Reggie Ball play football, leaving Ball to revel in their one simple game of catch.
Info night about the Juridical side of Squatting. Molli – van Ostadestraat 55hs, Amsterdam. Saturday, July 1, 07:00pm.
Submitted to Enough is Enough
Note: Enough is not organizing any of these events, we are publishing this text for people across the US and Europe to be able to see what is going on and for documentation only.
Info night about the Juridical side of Squatting
It's been more than six years that the “Squatting Ban” came in effect, a law that made it harder to squat empty buildings. The authorities have a range of new possibilities to evict more easily, but because of juridical procedures, among other things, it is not impossible to squat buildings without being evicted straightaway.
These procedures can be complicated and it's hard to keep an overview. This is why lawyers Juanita van Lunen and Marcel Schuckink Kool organise infonights in various places about the juridical side of squatting after the Squatting Ban. What changed and how has this developed in the past years. And how can we resist the new tools that the state has given itself?
On the 1st of july there will be an infonight in the Molli, together with the Kraakspreekuur. Of course there's lots of room for questions about anything and everything juridical that has to do with squatting.
Molli – van Ostadestraat 55hs, Amsterdam. Saturday, July 1, 07:00pm.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Print
Email
Pocket
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this: Like Loading...
The Atlanta Hawks are expected to remove Wes Wilcox from his role as general manager, sources told ESPN.
It is not clear yet whether Wilcox will have another role with the team or won't return to the Hawks. Discussions about the team's management are ongoing.
The Hawks issued a statement Wednesday afternoon that read: "Hawks leadership is undergoing a period of evaluation and looking at how basketball operations works best. There are no changes to report at this time and any reports indicating otherwise are inaccurate."
Wilcox was promoted in June 2015 from assistant general manager, where he worked alongside Danny Ferry.
Ferry stepped down just after a 10-month leave of absence following the release of an audio recording of a conference call with ownership in which Ferry was heard repeating culturally insensitive comments from a scouting report about Luol Deng.
Atlanta finished 48-34 in his first season at the helm and advanced to the Eastern Conference semifinals. This past season the Hawks won 43 games and lost to Washington in the first round of the playoffs.
Wilcox was previously in the Cleveland Cavaliers organization -- where he was the director of player personnel.
Wilcox was disciplined by the team earlier this season after making a racially charged joke at a season-ticket holders event, for which he apologized.
A Hawks internal investigation from Dec. 27 to Jan. 9 that included interviews with attendees concluded that Wilcox mention of race during the event merited his being reprimanded internally by the franchise.
We've already seen this cheeky clip of Jamie Nicholls landing his first triple cork in Austria. Now this full pre-season edit has just dropped and he's throwing down some absolute bangers. With Sochi just around the corner now, the pros have been heading up to the Austrian glaciers in droves to prep for the upcoming season – with Jamie and the crew headed up by Team GB coach Hamish McKnight.
Described on Jamie's website as “super stunts to sissy music” (we happen to agree, particularly with the latter point), check Jamie throwing a slow, steezy switch back 1, a nice tailpress to frontflip and, of course, super smooth triple cork at the end. He sure is working hard. Let's hope this pays off in the upcoming Olympic qualifiers.
THE GROWING AVAILABILITY of free online calls and instant messages seems to be taking a toll on the popularity of the humble text message – and on ordinary phonecalls.
According to the latest statistics from ComReg, the total amount of voice minutes is down 0.6% compared to this time last year.
The average mobile voice subscriber is also now sending just 94 texts a month, down 16.4% on 2015 – reflecting the rise in online mobile services like Whatsapp and Facebook messenger.
In total, 1.38 billion text messages were sent in the three months to the end of September, representing a 16.4% drop compared to the previous year.
We are sending less than half as many SMS messages as in 2012, meanwhile.
Source: Shutterstock
Data
The amount of data being used is rising hugely, meanwhile.
The average person now uses 3.4GB of data every month, up 68.8% on 2015 – partly due to the wider use of video on social networks. Almost four out of every 10 mobile subscribers (38.8%) are actively using 4G networks, up 5% on 2015.
The average amount of mobile minutes per mobile subscriber used rose slightly on an annual basis, 0.5% to 211.7 minutes.
The report also shows that the average monthly mobile bill has fallen to €24.32, down from €25.10 at the same point in 2015.
The average prepaid monthly mobile bill here is €9.21 – cheaper 38% cheaper than the average price of six western European countries, but marginally more expensive than in the UK (€8.35). The bill sampled was for 50 minutes, 100 texts and 100MB data.
Source: Shutterstock
Broadband
Fixed broadband subscriptions rose to 1.34 million, up 3.6% compared to the same time in 2015.
Around 83% of Irish households have broadband access (either home or mobile) – just above the EU average of 80%.
Mobile and fixed-line customers are also using more data at faster download speeds. Approximately 76.5% of all fixed broadband subscriptions are equal to, or greater than, 10Mbps, up from 71.9% in 2015.
The percentage of fixed broadband subscriptions equal or greater than 30mbps is 62.5%, meanwhile – up from 54.2% for the same point last year.
Yet the Comreg report also found that Ireland is relatively expensive for home broadband.
The average bill here is €35.44, compared to €32.62 in the Netherlands, €28.11 in the UK, €26.50 in Germany and €23.62 in Denmark.
Source: Shutterstock
Other statistics included in ComReg's report for the third quarter of 2016 include:
We do not come at this issue as political partisans; though we are registered Democrats, we have supported Republicans, consider ourselves moderates and have worked with key figures in both parties to improve political processes. Still, we can't help seeing the Republican Party as the root cause of today's political instability. Three major developments in the party required us to change our view.
First, beginning in the 1990s, the Republicans strategically demonized Congress and government more broadly and flouted the norms of lawmaking, fueling a significant decline of trust in government that began well before the financial collapse in 2008, though it has sped up since. House Republicans showed their colors when they first blocked passage of the Troubled Asset Relief Plan, despite the urgent pleas of their own president, George W. Bush, and the speaker of the House, John Boehner. The seeds of a (largely phony) populist reaction were planted.
Second, there was the “Obama effect.” When Mr. Bush became president, Democrats worked with him to enact sweeping education reform early on and provided the key votes to pass his top priority, tax cuts. With President Barack Obama, it was different. While many argued that the problem was that Mr. Obama failed to schmooze enough with Republicans in Congress, we saw a deliberate Republican strategy to oppose all of his initiatives and frame his attempts to compromise as weak or inauthentic. The Senate under the majority leader Mitch McConnell weaponized the filibuster to obstruct legislation, block judges and upend the policy process. The Obama effect had an ominous twist, an undercurrent of racism that was itself embodied in the “birther” movement led by Donald Trump.
House leaders continued to inflame the populist anger of their base to win enormous midterm victories in 2010 and 2014. They repeatedly promised the impossible under divided party government: that if they won, Mr. Obama would be forced to his knees, his policies obliterated and government as we knew it demolished. Their subsequent failures to do so spurred even more rage, this time directed at establishment Republican leaders. But most pundits still clung to the belief that pragmatism would win out and Republicans would nominate an establishment insider in 2016.
Third, we have seen the impact of significant changes in the news media, which had a far greater importance on the right than on the left. The development of the modern conservative media echo chamber began with the rise of Rush Limbaugh and talk radio in the late 1980s and ramped up with the birth of Fox News. Matt Drudge, his protégé Andrew Breitbart and Breitbart's successor Steve Bannon leveraged the power of the internet to espouse their far-right views. And with the advent of social media, we saw the emergence of a radical “alt-right” media ecosystem able to create its own “facts” and build an audience around hostility to the establishment, anti-immigration sentiment and racial resentment. Nothing even close to comparable exists on the left.
New Delhi: India' job problem is complex and to create more jobs, the country must reduce regulations for industries, focus on urbanisation and boost manufacturing, a panel of experts from industry and World Bank said Wednesday at the India Summit organised by The Economist.
The question is whether India can create a million jobs every month, said Martin Rama, chief economist, South Asia at World Bank.
Rama said there is a gap and the number of jobs are falling. India, he said, has two key areas which need urgent attention: one, more regular wage employment and two, female employment.
Female labour force participation rate in India is less than 23%. Around 20% of the total labour force earn regular wages.
“Unless we reduce regulatory cholesterol and improve efficiency of people, it will be a tough environment. The role of the government is to create a conducive atmosphere" said Manish Sabharwal, chairman of Teamlease Services, a staffing company.
Also Read: Robots are after our jobs: what can we do?
He said India does not have a job problem but wage problem and efforts must be made to shift informal workforce to formal jobs.
Urbanisation, over-regulation and human capital are three areas that need urgent attention to address the employment problem.
Over-regulation and multiplicity of laws are restricting growth of industries, he said. India has 63 million companies and 12 million of them do not have even office. Of the total number of companies, just 18,000 have a paid-up capital of 10 crore each, Sabharwal explained.
Also Read: UN report says world will miss education-for-all target by 50 years
Suraj Saharan, co-founder and chief people officer of Delhivery, a logistics company serving e-commerce firms, echoed the sentiments of the Teamlease chairman. The compliance burden is huge, said Saharan, adding that there are too many laws and too much paperwork.
Saharan said the country needs to have a database of workers to facilitate clean hiring as background checks on employees right now is a tedious process.
However, all three believe that India demographic bulge is not a problem and things have started improving over last few years. Over 600 million people in India are under 35 and an efficient workforce can help boost the country's productivity thus economy.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption William Hague was unable to provide clear answers on Prism
"I will take great care to say nothing..." the foreign secretary said at one stage during his statement about the questions raised by the revelation of the Prism programme for monitoring email and social media traffic.
At one stage during his Commons statement I feared that William Hague might live up to his words.
He meant that he would say nothing which might aid terrorists to know how the security services go about their business. Plots against us are made in secret, he said, so they need to be combatted secretly.
However, it was clear that he intended to say nothing at all about Prism - including even using its name. Nor did he intend to spell out in ways which any member of the public could understand when their emails or other social media traffic could be monitored.
'Proportionate'
Instead, Mr Hague made a number of general points again and again:
Firstly, that Britain should be proud of the security services which had protected us from numerous plots.
Secondly, that we had "one of the strongest system of checks and balances anywhere in the world", which involved ministers signing warrants before intercepts can take place, independent oversight of their decisions by the Intelligence Services Commissioner, and parliamentary accountability via the all party Intelligence and Security Committee, chaired by Sir Malcolm Rifkind. The ISC was, he said, the proper place to ask more detailed questions.
Thirdly, our current laws do not allow for "indiscriminate trawling" of data but only allow for "necessary, proportionate, targeted" searches.
Fourthly, the suggestion that GCHQ had sought to bypass the law by using intelligence gathered abroad was "baseless".
The clear hint was that ministers had approved the use of any intelligence gathered by the American National security Agency's Prism programme.
There was also a hint that the period leading up to the Olympics had been a time when such co-operation had been significant.
However, Mr Hague dodged shadow foreign secretary Douglas Alexander's invitation to confirm that all such data was approved by ministerial warrants.
I can't give an answer as categorical as he would like, the foreign secretary said, but it would be wrong to say this would be done without ministerial oversight. We are left to wonder what that really means.
Most of the House of Commons seemed reassured. Former Labour foreign and home secretaries backed the security services and the government. Many MPs wanted to know if the security services might not need more powers, rather than fewer.
However, if you were hoping for clear or detailed answers, you did not get them.
They are, it seems, well, secret.
Hello, Tyrians!
In the June 20 update, we're making substantial changes to the Heart of the Mists by introducing a new way for players to compete as an organized team, a new area where players can gather to celebrate their achievements, and a few other surprises.
“Git Gud”
Automated tournaments are the new peak of player vs. player competition in Guild Wars 2. You'll be able to compete in three different daily single-elimination tournaments as part of a five-person team to earn gold and qualifying points—the latter of which can land you a spot in the monthly tournament. These tournaments will offer some of the most prestigious prizes in Guild Wars 2 PvP—including the Glorious Hero's armor set. Monthly tournament winners can also earn Mystic Coins and llama minis, and their likenesses will be sculpted into statues to stand at the PvP lobby entrance as a challenge to all competitors until the next monthly tournament.
Tournaments help bring the PvP community together, and we want to make sure that you always have a reason to join up with your teammates, hone your skills, and see your wins celebrated. This is the future of tournaments in Guild Wars 2—we can't wait to see you climb to victory!
Ch-Ch-Ch-Changes
As PvP changes, so do the Mists. The new PvP lobby is a place to celebrate and highlight your achievements, while providing some entertainment during the downtime between matches. You'll have access to the same key features—training golems, merchants, a banker, and so forth—but we're giving it a makeover with a new environment and layout. Explore crumbling ruins and shattered islands, slug it out in a free-for-all brawling area, and keep an eye out for some hidden surprises.
Glory Awaits
The new PvP lobby includes Champion's Rest, a lounge reserved for the best of PvP players. This exclusive, earned prestige area provides convenient access to crafting, the Mystic Forge, your bank, and the trading post. Players in Champion's Rest can even add a little extra danger to the fighting pit below with special consoles. Gain access to this privilege by proving your worth in PvP League seasons and monthly tournaments.
Prepare for battle. Fight for glory. See you in the Mists!
Manchester United are preparing an opening offer of initial £25m for Fulham teenager Ryan Sessegnon, with José Mourinho prepared to allow Luke Shaw to leave Old Trafford in order to sign the England youth international.
Sessegnon, 17, who finished as joint-top scorer at the European Under-19 Championship in June with three goals, has been tracked by United's scouts for some time and has also attracted interest from Tottenham and Real Madrid. The European champions have watched the defender on several occasions this season and are understood to be monitoring his situation, while Spurs had a bid potentially worth more than £20m with add-ons rejected in the summer.
Despite usually operating as a left-back, Sessegnon is also capable of operating further up the field and has gained a reputation as one of English football's brightest attacking talents. He became the first 17-year-old to score a hat-trick in the top four divisions of English football since Dele Alli when he inspired Fulham's 5-4 victory over Sheffield United in November.
England's under-17s: 'They don't walk around with 1966 noose around necks' Read more
Fulham have indicated that it would take a bid in excess of £30m to tempt them into selling their prized asset, with manager Slavisa Jokanovic admitting on Thursday that he is unsure whether Sessegnon will remain at Craven Cottage.
“In this moment, I am not thinking of being without him for the season, but it is not under my control,” he said.
“All the questions are what the value of this player is, but myself, as a coach, I prefer to stay with the more important players for the competition that is ahead of us, but on the other side I can understand the business side too. If we want to be competitive we must keep our important players.”
Should United have a bid accepted, Tottenham are expected to renew their approach but have also enquired about Shaw, who has fallen out of favour at Old Trafford under Mourinho. The 22-year-old has played just 328 minutes in the Premier League so far this season having joined United from Southampton in 2014 for £30m, although any move for Sessegnon is not believed to be contingent on him leaving.
Tottenham are also interested in signing Sessegnon's twin brother, Steven, who also plays for Fulham and starred for England's Under-17s in their World Cup victory earlier this year. Along with Arsenal, Chelsea and Manchester City, Mauricio Pochettino also retains an interest in Crystal Palace's Wilfried Zaha but Crystal Palace are adamant that the £50m-rated forward will not be sold in January.
ABOUT THE WORKSHOP
Columbus Web Group's Weekend Workshops are designed to help educate the community of Columbus on specific topics lead by experts. All workshops are free of charge and are targeted to the audience.
There are many aspects of learning a programming language, but one of the most difficult parts knows where to start and how to do it correctly. This Weekend Workshop is aimed at designers, developers, students or anyone that has ever wanted to learn CSS. The workshop will cover the core of CSS, focus on specificity in CSS, CSS inheritance, and best practices of writing CSS.
What this course will be about:
Introduction to CSS and best practices of writing CSS.
Who this course is for:
Developers that are looking to grow their CSS knowledge
that are looking to grow their CSS knowledge Designers that want to know how CSS works and how to improve their UI design skills
that want to know how CSS works and how to improve their UI design skills Individuals that are beginning to learn front end development
Taught by Kevin Mack.
ABOUT THE INSTRUCTOR
Kevin is the Creative Director for Cardinal Solutions Group where he focuses on digital strategy, branding, and creative-based solutions. His background includes creating user experiences around web interfaces and crafting of large-scaling websites and applications. Kevin is the co-founder and organizer of The Columbus Web Group where he actively participates in growing and educating the community around design, development, best practices and standards for the web. You can find him on Twitter (@nicetransition), YouTube, CodePen, or GitHub.
FAQs
What are my transport/parking options getting to the event?
If you're driving downtown, we made a map for you highlighting the parking garages, lots, and on-street parking in the Arena District.
We usually recommend Garage 1 on the map:
Front Street Garage
285 N Front St
Columbus, OH 43215
Or skip the traffic:
Uber: Your first ride is FREE (up to $10) with code 1h3yn
Lyft: $25 FREE dollars of credit for new signups with code SEAN210825
COTA: The Cbus is a free bus that stops right near Nationwide Blvd
Car2Go: Use code COL3500_spjpgrd for 20 free minutes & the registration fee waived
Where can I contact the organizer with any questions?
On Twitter at @CbusWebGroup or by email at columbuswebgroup@gmail.com
Urgent:
Do You Support Sen. Ted Cruz's Efforts to Defund Obamacare? Vote Here.
Just as healthcare enters a "golden age," Obamacare threatens to reverse course, warn Dr. Ben Carson and Rep. Michael Burgess, R-Texas in a guest editorial for Forbes. "The full promise of genomic medicine informing diagnosis and treatment beckons from just over the horizon," the two write. Young doctors just starting out "have the ability to alleviate human suffering that no generation of doctors has ever previously known," they say.Carson retired in May as a professor of neurosurgery, oncology, plastic surgery, and pediatrics at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine. He has become a tea party favorite after criticizing the Affordable Care Act at this year's National Prayer Breakfast as President Barack Obama sat on the dais.Burgess, part of the House's tea party caucus, was a practicing physician before winning Dick Armey's former seat in 2003.Obamacare was not the product of careful study by a learned group, the two say, but "a hastily contrived political farce that was literally cobbled together at the last possible minute."The writers are critical that successful state models were not looked at. The Healthy Indiana program, they note, cut healthcare prices by 10 percent during a two-year period.The Affordable Care Act was never intended to actually become law, they argue "— except that it did." In the past 3 1/2 years since its passage, Obamacare has been "pushed and prodded" by officials "to give it the appearance of workability."America is on the threshold, they write, of finding out whether it will be a success. Americans without insurance from their employers could begin signing up for state-run exchanges on Oct. 1, but the first week has been bugged with problems with rampant reports of failures to log in.The government hasn't released numbers of those who have successfully signed up for insurance, but the site was taken down over the weekend to fix the problems.Tea party Republicans in the House and Senate have led the effort to tie a budget bill to funding for Obamacare, and the government has been shut down since Oct. 1 over the impasse."In medicine, we sometimes talk about the compression of morbidities, how the ravages of time and multiple maladies may overwhelm the patient at the end of life," Carson and Burgess say. "That compression sequence also seems to describe afflictions of the Affordable Care Act as it careens towards implementation."Related Articles:
Dolphin fans will have an opportunity to purchase a piece of Sun Life Stadium this week.
The team announced Monday that is it selling a limited number of seats and seatbacks that were removed during this offseason's renovations at the stadium.
The seats with seatbacks will be available for purchase at Dolphins.com/seatback beginning Wednesday. Proceeds will benefit the Miami Dolphins Foundation, which supports programs throughout South Florida in education, health and volunteerism.
They can be purchased as single or double seats, and they will be sold to season-ticket members first (limit 2 per account). Season-ticket members from the 1960s and 1970s will have the first opportunity to purchase seats at 11 a.m. Members from the 1980s and 1990s can start purchasing at noon, and post-2000 members may begin at 1 p.m.
The general public can start purchasing seats at 2 p.m., subject to availability.
Last month the Dolphins announced that they were auctioning off seats from Sun Life Stadium that had been autographed by Hall of Famers Don Shula, Bob Griese and Dan Marino.
See photos of the nearly-completed, $500 million renovations at the Miami Dolphins' stadium in Miami Gardens.
Jason Taylor, Mark Duper, Larry Little, Nat Moore and Ryan Tannehill have also autographed seats that will be auctioned at the team's website.
The Dolphins also set aside thousands of seatbacks and will make those available for sale. Seatbacks will be available for $20 and can be picked up at Sun Life Stadium on July 18, or they can be purchased online at Dolphins.com/seatback and shipped for $35.
Jordon Ibe is hoping he can follow in the footsteps of the likes of Robert Lewandowski by becoming a star with the guidance of Jürgen Klopp.
The 19-year-old has been one of the standout performers for the Reds since the German was appointed as manager last month and scored his first goal for the club in last week's 1-0 win over Rubin Kazan.
His pace and trickery, allied to a tireless workrate, appear to make him the perfect fit for the new boss' high intensity style of play.
And Ibe says he takes great encouragement from Klopp's track record of turning young talents into elite performers back in his homeland.
"He obviously did a great job at Borussia Dortmund," the winger said.
"The fact that the young players he brought in were a big part of the success is very encouraging for guys like me.
"Of course, those youngsters at Dortmund didn't just become a little bit better either – some of them, like Robert Lewandowski, have become players who are operating at the highest level in the Champions League.
"Hopefully he can help me and some of the lads here do the same.
"I'm hoping my attributes – pace and strength and being able to go past people – will suit the way he wants to play and I can get some ­opportunities."
The England U21 international also revealed that his impressive performances for Liverpool have led to an increased public profile.
But he says he finds being asked for an autograph by fans a 'humbling' experience, rather than an inconvenience.
"It's happened to me a few times," he added.
"Usually it's kids rather than adults. I suppose kids are naturally more enthusiastic and will approach you and say hello.
"If I saw a famous footballer, like David Beckham, I'd probably be star-struck, so for somebody to get excited about meeting me feels odd.
"It's humbling and enjoyable. I know what it's like to be a kid looking for an autograph, so I'm happy to stop and chat or have a photo."
What if existence is a recurring, empty dance directed by Satan and staged in hell? A brooding question skillfully put forth by Hungarian writer Laszlo Krasznahorkai in his first novel Satantango (aka Satan's Tango). The novel was first published in Hungary by 1985, but only got translated into English by 2012 (third of Krasznahorkai's novel to be brilliantly translated by British poet George Szirtes). The world of Satantango is riddled with desolate mundanity and existential angst. The people living in this world are limited by the maddening system that constantly keeps them in a trap. The novel is set in a collective farm (the estate); the one which has been formally closed, yet its semi-crazed inhabitants live off their savings and by ‘rounding up the cattle'. The mud-flowing, autumnal rain-battered, cob-webbed, rotten buildings and weeds-ridden fields set up a post-apocalyptic atmosphere. The novel's first part of action circles around the arrival of a man, who may either guide the inhabitants' into path of salvation or he may be Satan himself pushing them into a bottomless pit.
The bands of colorful characters in this decadent society are: Futaki, an aging mechanic; an unnamed alcoholic doctor, who obsessively watches his neighbor to weave an order out of chaos (the author's alter-ego); three scheming couples – the Schimdts, the Kraners, and the Halicses (all three of them childless); two teenage girls selling themselves in a ruined mill; a vicious single mother; a giant, perpetually drunk farmer; lustful landlord, running the spider-infested pub; the neglected kid Esti and her cruel brother Sanyi; the powerful swayer Irimias and his stupid side-kick Petrina. Writer Laszlo Krasznahorkai conveys his extreme thoughts through a serpentine prose that deliberately wants to disorientate the readers. Nevertheless, it's hard not to be enchanted by the writer's magnified vision of perpetual human suffering. And, it's mordantly funny too.
Satantango is divided into two parts and 12 chapters; each chapter devoid of paragraph breaks and few sentences run for ten lines or more, vividly detailing a world that has gone mad. One of my most favorite long sentences goes like this: “He gazed sadly at the threatening sky, at the burned-out remnants of a locust-plagued summer, and suddenly saw on the twig of an acacia, as in a vision, the progress of spring, summer, fall, and winter, as if the whole of time were a frivolous interlude in the much greater spaces of eternity, a brilliant conjuring trick to produce something apparently orderly out of chaos, to establish a vantage point from which chance might begin to look like necessity………..[the sentence uncoils for another nine lines]”. Every chapter opens from an inscrutable or unknown point. It's like traveling into dense forest in a dark night with a small flashlight. Little by little, we get acquainted with Krasznahorkai's entangled language and thoughts to find a path out of the formidable chaos. With absence of paragraph breaks and usage of long sentences, the writer delightfully traps us inside the characters' perturbed existence. If readers arm themselves with abundance of patience, they can find themselves propelled forward by this strange flow of language (although I have come across this mode of writing in the novels of Jose Saramago, Nikoloi Gogol, etc, this is my first Krasznahorkai novel; and it is said that this is his most accessible one).
Satantango was published four years before the fall of communist dictatorship in the East European nations. A lot of parallels could be drawn from the story's destitute backdrop to then incompetent, creaking system. While trying to convince the villagers to pour money for collective farm through kitschy monologue, Irimias says, “a model economy that offers a secure existence and binds together a small band of the dispossessed”, the call of totalitarian communist ideology that has badly failed. In fact, it turns out that Irimias and Petrina have been imprisoned a couple of years for being ideologically wayward and now they are working as informers on behalf of the ‘captain'. The villagers' perception of Irimias as one with charisma and authority is a reflection on the worldly power savored by the totalitarian-era authorities. For readers' mind, Irimias is depicted as decorated fool with short-temper and penchant for speaking in sentimental sermons. But, he is lionized through the villagers' imagination. A chapter in the second part unfurls from the point of view of two insipid bureaucrats engaged in an act of censoring a profanity-ridden statement (a comical take on Communist censorship). Furthermore, the whole novel's depiction of ill-mannered peasants and ruined collective is a big challenge to the brutal form of censorship. Nevertheless, Satantango was gone past the censors of the totalitarian era because there is no mention of space and time and may be due to its aesthetically severe coded language.
Like all great modernist works of Kafka, Beckett, Bulghakov or Gogol, Kraszhnahorkai's fiction doesn't need a space or time to convey the universal feeling of disintegration. In one of the interviews, Krasznahorkai has said, “The reader must content themselves with this lone concrete, but vague, indications, quite simply because what I describe…can happen anywhere….. Only the situation counts.” The collective despair, the false sense of hope, the collective hallucination, the senseless dependency, etc could be found all across the dormant populace, dancing to whims of those with power. The complexity and the virtue of this setting and prose would never face the danger of aging.
With the exception of darkly comical doctor character, all the others are driven by money and desire for redemption. They all expect a collective economic salvation and a personal redemption, freedom from ensnaring feelings of lust, rage, and powerlessness. Like the tango in the title, Krasznahorkai embeds his story with multiple narrative perspective, each thread ruminating on the complexity of human condition. Apart from the Biblical references, one of the oft-repeated references is the spider's web. The character's oblique nature and actions resembles that of intricately woven spider-web. Through their disillusionment, the one's who have woven the web itself gets caught (the only exception is innocent Esti). Satantango starts off with a vivid, the dirtiest form of realism. Yet, the mundane is often punctuated with obscure as well as magical events. From Futaki waking to bells to Irimias and Petrina's ‘hallucination', the free-flowing narrative breaks away from acidic depiction of reality to levitate towards the divine. It's only that Krasznahorkai is mischievous enough to suggest that the possible ‘divinity' may be deceptive act conjured by the creature from hell. The author reaches the peak of wicked humor with his tricky, spellbinding meta-fictional finale. All we could do is fascinatingly read as ‘the circle closes'.
In a way, the literary works of great writers like Laszlo Krasznahorkai are like the distant bells, heard by Futaki and the doctor. It attracts us with the prospect of bestowing transcendent answers, while we wait to discover that it only delivers more burning questions. And, we find these questions oddly allaying us from the existential angst. Existence does seem like a recurring, empty dance, directed by Satan and staged in hell. But as long as we have novels like Satantango, the burden of inescapable disintegration becomes a little easy to bear.
[Hungarian auteur Bela Tarr has marvelously adapted Satantango into a seven-and-a-half-hour epic. Krasznahorkai has written the scripts for Bela Tarr's Damnation, Werckmeister Harmonies – based on the author's second novel The Melancholy of Resistance – The Man from London, and Turin Horse].
Advertisements
Share. Is this the next game? Is this the next game?
Update: Bethesda has taken to Twitter to confirm that the trademark filing is, in fact, a hoax.
"The German trademark filing that's making the rounds is a hoax," the company wrote. "This didn't come from our offices."
For all the latest Fallout news, stay tuned to IGN.
Original Story:
A trademark application for the brand "Fallout: Shadow of Boston" has been registered in Germany.
The application - spotted by an eagle-eyed user on NeoGAF earlier today - describes the product as "computer game discs; Downloadable computer game programs; Computer games program downloaded via the internet".
Details are light, but the trademark owner - listed as Bethesda Softworks LLC of Rockville, USA - has recorded that the first language is English, and the second French.
Rumours of the new Fallout instalment have been circling as far back as 2012, when an anonymous user on Reddit stated that they'd noted that Bethesda had been "scoping out and researching Boston".
Exit Theatre Mode
We've reached out to Bethesda for comment and will update you just as soon as we know more.
Vikki Blake is a games writer and a bonafide - albeit slightly jumpy - survival horror survivalist. You can find her twittering over at @_vixx.
A Tory-run council plans to charge tower block residents up to £4,000 to fit sprinklers aimed at preventing a repeat of the Grenfell Tower tragedy.
The move has provoked anger among residents in Wandsworth, south London. Non-payment and legal action are among the options being considered by some of the more than 1,000 leaseholders, who met last week to form a group to oppose the plans.
Hammersmith and Fulham, a neighbouring council, is paying for sprinklers for its tenants and leaseholders.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said on Thursday that the Grenfell tragedy should force the government to fund the fitting of sprinklers to all council and housing association high-rise blocks. He launched a campaign to push the chancellor, Philip Hammond, to commit in the budget to the £1bn needed.
Wandsworth council has already committed to retro-fit sprinklers in all blocks of at least 10 storeys in the borough. There are 99 such blocks, consisting of more than 6,400 flats; 1,315 are residents who own the lease, while 1,043 leaseholders live elsewhere.
Grenfell Tower: Corbyn urges chancellor to allot £1bn for sprinklers Read more
Some £30m from the council's housing revenue funds have been earmarked for the fitting, along with the replacement in two blocks of cladding of the type that have been blamed for spreading the fire at Grenfell.
However, some residents remain unconvinced of the need for the sprinklers – describing them as a public relations exercise by Tory councillors who have watched their colleagues in Kensington and Chelsea being ripped to political shreds – while others who welcome plans for the installation are angered at the cost.
“We were pleased when they announced they were going to install them because we believed it was the right thing to do, but there was no mention made at that point of leaseholders having to pay for it,” said Chloe Lewis, who lives in one of the blocks with her partner and two young children.
“We contacted the council and were told: ‘yes, you will have to pay.' Even though they are owners of their flats. A lot of people will struggle with this cost, which comes on top of service charges and other costs in a lot of cases.
“We happen to live in a council that makes a virtue of having one of the lowest council tax rates in the country and, while most of the people living in tower blocks are far from being wealthy, this is a borough where there are a lot of very wealthy residents. Surely there is a more equitable way of funding a cost like this, especially if it is an essential safety measure.”
Sprinklers save lives. So why, after Grenfell, isn't the government doing more? | John Healey Read more
Aside from the sprinklers, Lewis said she was concerned the council had yet to implement fire safety improvements recommended by consultants last year – including upgrading the fire resistance for electrical cupboard doors and fitting self-closing mechanisms on communal doors.
A report for the council by Brian Reilly, its director of housing, appeared to recognise the sensitive nature of the levy, stating: “As these costs (approximately £3,000 to £4,000) will be imposed on leaseholders with relatively short notice, it is recommended that, with respect to the cost of the sprinkler systems only, existing repayment arrangements for resident leaseholders be extended from 10 months to 48 months.
Anything beyond 48 months might draw criticism from other leaseholders, he added.
Ravi Govindia, the leader of Wandsworth council, said: “The safety of our tenants and leaseholders is paramount and we have approached the government regarding funding, and remain in discussions. Installing sprinklers in blocks of over 10 storeys is one of a range of additional fire safety measures we have been exploring since the summer, and although we check that all our properties remain compliant with current legislation, we of course await the recommendations of the Grenfell inquiry for further instruction.”
“Enormous” funding cuts over the last seven years had affected local councils, according to Marsha de Cordova, the Labour MP for Battersea, who said it was “appalling” that residents were having to foot the bill for the sprinklers.
“In the Surrey Lane estate in Battersea, leaseholders recently had to fork out thousands of pounds for major works. An additional £4,000 levy is going to be unaffordable for many people,” she said.
Meanwhile, an independent member of Wandsworth council has highlighted its refusal to publish legal advice it took before announcing the plans. “Normally councils have the right to carry out external work and then recharge it, but would not have the power to do work inside the flat and then charge for that,” said Malcolm Grimston.
“Wandsworth have taken legal advice which informed them that the cost of the works could be recovered, but won't release that, so I don't know how the council has come to that position.”
He added that the controversy also had a broader significance in post-Grenfell Britain: “Quite apart from the costs for the leaseholders, millions of pounds of tenants' money is going into this project. Yet, when I go round to many blocks, I see damp, poor flats.
“If we were just looking at trying to improve the health of people in our social housing stock then we could make much quicker and identifiable advances by carrying out repairs and refurbishments.”
Trump authorizes CIA to bring back regular use of drone strikes
March 15, 2017 by Ian Allen
United States President Donald Trump has reportedly authorized the Central Intelligence Agency to bring back the routine use of lethal airstrikes by unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), which his predecessor, Barack Obama, curtailed in 2013. Washington began employing limited strikes by UAVs, otherwise known as drones, in the early 1990s, during the administration of President Bill Clinton. But it was under the Obama administration that the use of drone strikes reached an all-time high, with hundreds of such attacks documented after 2008. It is believed that Obama used this remote attack method to combat the Taliban and al-Qaeda, while at the same time keeping his promise of bringing back American troops from the Middle East and Central Asia. However, in 2013 the US president severely curtailed the controversial program, which some say damaged America's image by inflicting civilian casualties.
But on Monday, The Wall Street Journal reported that President Trump had resuscitated the drone program and authorized the CIA to begin using Predator drones on a regular basis against identified targets in the Middle East and Central Asia. According to the newspaper, the president gave senior CIA project mangers the right to authorize drone strikes. Under the Obama administration, the president himself, or especially designated National Security Council officials, had to give the go-ahead before the CIA could carry out drone strikes around the world.
The Wall Street Journal said that President Trump made the decision on January 21, just hours after taking office, following a secret meeting with senior officials from the CIA. According to the report, the CIA requested some time to rebuild the program. But the agency has allegedly conducted at least one drone strike, which targeted Abu al-Khayr al-Masri, a known al-Qaeda senior commander in Syria, who was reputed to be a son-in-law of the late al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden.
► Author: Ian Allen | Date: 15 March 2017 | Permalink
Advertisements
The slums of New York City woke early. The grimy gray streets were hidden below a heaving biomass. A cacophony of squeaks and hisses rose from it, forming an impenetrable wall of sound. Rats. Millions of them. Stragglers who had not heeded the government warning in time fell to their deaths, shrieking in terror. The rats a bit into them, seeking the oily marrow of their bones.
After a moment, each victim was silent, but the rats swarming around them continued to gnash their teeth and hiss. The insatiable animals raged on through the streets, their coats a muffled red in the dull morning light.
Stephen sat in his tiny apartment a few stories above the mayhem, the sawed-off shotgun in his lap. A burning, stinking cigarette dangled from his lips. He bobbed his left knee up and down, up and down, breathing deep the sharp reek of the clear liquid that had been confined within the soda bottle just hours earlier. The chair he'd been resting on — easily fifty years old, though it was constructed of cheap aluminum — creaked beneath him as he stood.
Even his small but respectable collection of texts — to the right of the chair in a neat pile — was thoroughly doused. Having read all of them many times and having gleaned their insights into the old world, he no longer had any need for the tomes. That world, with its catchphrases and pop culture, was of no use in the void.
As he peered out at the morning feast, a fat man succumbed to the flood as if he had been swallowed by a brown ocean. Stephen marveled at how the super organism's grating squeaks squashed even the man's dying screams. A pudgy hand floated away from the submerged body, as if moving of its own volition. A group of rats is fighting over the morsel, and within a few moments, it was reduced to bone and tendon.
“Death by a thousand cuts,” he said, deftly removing the cigarette from his mouth and flicking it out the window. He watched it fall until it was caught by the wind, its solemn ember put out. When at last the remains of the cigarette reached the ground, even it was processed by indifferent incisors. Stephen hefted the shotgun to chest level and then rested it on the window sill so that it was pointing toward the gluttonous rodents.
The city's morning smog met his nostrils, and he breathed deep. In the dank bed beside him, a woman stirred.
“They're running again, already?” Lilith's voice was brittle, as if it was made up of echoes that issued from a vitreous membrane.
Stephen whistled. “By god, it yet breathes. Did you two have a fight?” he said.
Lilith shot him a withering gaze. “You come home early for once. Where did you expect to find me?”
“They run the same damn day every week,” he said, grinding his teeth and ignoring her jab. “Gas-walkers came on earlier, raised the alarm.” He awkwardly pumped the shotgun.
Lilith sat up, gathering the sheets about her. “What is that smell? Gasoline?” She looked at all sides of the bed, as if she had suddenly found herself marooned on a dinghy in the middle of the ocean.
“Don't know what that is,” Stephen said.
“Dammit,” Lilith snapped. “It's fuel. Combustion engines, generato — ” She cut herself off with a sigh. “If you'd plug in every once in a while…”
Her dark, rheumy eyes latched onto the empty soda pop bottle at Stephen's feet, then onto the black shotgun barrel.
“Why do you have that?” Lilith snapped. “What are you going to use that for?”
“I'm not gonna let them eat us,” he said, his jaw tight. “They call it ‘resistance.'” He glared. “You might want to try it.”
The screeches from outside died down; the torrent of rats was thinning. “Run's almost over anyway,” he growled, removing another cigarette from the dented metal case.
“You're about to burn the apartment down!” she screeched.
Stephen shrugged. “You don't live here, anyway. Just your bones.”
He watched her as she held the drab sheets against her white, deflated breasts, her eyes flashing.
Turning back to the window, he pointed the barrel of the gun at a thoroughly worked-over corpse in the street below and pulled the trigger. The weapon dug into his ribs, emitting a thunderous blast. Stephen smiled, marveling at how such a small action could cause the rats to disperse and the corpse to jump as if momentarily imbued with life. The bang echoed off of the buildings across the street, and Lilith screamed, bringing a threadbare cushion to her head.
“I won't let them eat us,” he snarled. Lilith sat whimpering on the bed.
A low, rumbling alarm rolled through the streets, and a red bulb in their room began to wink on and off furtively. “About time,” he muttered. From his high perch, he caught sight of three men in isolation suits entering the streets. Once they converged in the center of the lane, a green, thick gas issued forth from thin, white tubes on their wrists. On their backs, they wore tall, thick metallic canisters.
Rats fell in droves before them. The gas hugged the street like a rolling fog. The exterminators took their time, even taking care to spray some of the heartier, but staggering, rats directly.
Stephen hefted the shotgun and drew a bead on the nearest gas-walker, mumbling to himself. The man within the suit did not look up, but instead continued to march, waving his wrist back and forth. The billowing green neurotoxin wafted upward, tickling, and then burning, Stephen's nostrils.
“Stephen, what are you doing now?” Lilith asked, her voice grating.
“What's it to you?” he asked, jerking the shotgun toward the exterminators as he spoke. “You're just coming down so you can go back in.” He scoffed, his nose wrinkling in disgust. “I can smell it working on you.”
“I don't know what you want from me!” she shrieked. “Who said you had to be a dayburner?” She launched the pillow across the room, daring him to contradict her with her eyes. “What makes you think you're better than everybody else?”
Stephen jerked his head toward her, tapping his temple with a long, gnarled finger. “Not better. I just like using this.”
She rolled her eyes. “You can't kill a man with a shotgun at that range,” she said. “You need a rifle for that. Common knowledge,” she continued with a derisive hiss. “Not for you, I guess.”
Turning back to the window, his face twitched as he stared down the barrel of the shotgun. “Wouldn't do any good anyway,” he mumbled. He kept it trained on the men, his finger tight on the trigger as they marched passed the apartment, indifferent. He watched them go, thinking of the five crispers he'd sold to acquire the weapon.
When he leaned forward so far that his torso was nearly completely out the window, Lilith said, her voice shaky, “You'd rather look at that filth.” He glared at her, catching her wiping something from her eye with a skeletal hand.
“Nothing to look at in here,” he snapped.
“Not in here,” Lilith agreed, glancing over her shoulder. The fingers of her right hand twitched violently, and she grabbed them with her left. Stephen followed her gaze and spat on the floor.
“Don't even start,” he said.
Glancing back, and this time, mentally committing himself to watch the whole sad affair, he waited. One by one, people, many of them wearing black trash bags over their tattered clothing, appeared in the streets. The majority carried long metal spears. Many of the adults were accompanied by youngsters, who each held a bag, or box, or other sort of container.
“Don't watch,” she said, as if imploring him to shut the curtains on an undressing neighbor. “Please don't watch it.”
“What makes your kind so much better?” he asked with a flat chuckle. “Let them eat cake.”
Lilith covered her ears as the throng began to scream as one. Stephen watched stoically as two men grappled. There was a mad clash of spears and then a ripple in the sea of bodies as onlookers leapt back to give the combatants room to maneuver.
Stephen sighed. “I wouldn't want to hurt you.”
“I know,” she said softly, bringing her knees to her chest. He cringed at the way her hips popped with the motion. Below, some of the shoppers had gone back to bickering over the choicest rodents.
“Civilian Nourishment Program Incentive Three. The running of the rats,” Stephen said with a muted flourish. “You really should see it at least once.”
Lilith lowered her head, bringing the palms of her hands to her eyes.
“No,” she said.
Stephen watched her for a moment, noting with disapproval her visible ribs and hips, her slightly translucent skin and the blue veins pulsing in her temples.
“How long this time?” he asked, casting an angry glance at the spot on the wall that Lilith had been looking at hungrily moments earlier. “Twelve, sixteen hours?” Then his lips curled upward, and he chortled humorlessly. “Why are you in such a hurry to leave all this?”
Lilith sat still, eyes down. Peering at her thin, protruding collar bones and twitching limbs, Stephen let the shotgun fall to the floor, and then one of his trembling hands settled on a pack of matches that rested on the window sill. He pursed his lips, striking the match and lighting a cigarette.
“Goddamn Nethead,” he said savagely. “Look at me,” he said. “You know so much. But you know what I know?” She did not look up. “You want to work in my nutritive fluid pool? I can arrange it. You're this close.” He threw the match on the bed and it landed a few inches from her.
She watched its ember fade, her mouth agape. “It's all I have, Stephen,” she said finally, her voice dripping with acid. She brushed the dead match off of the bed in a quick, jerky motion. Then she turned over, and planting her bony feet on the dingy brown carpet, she stood. Her joints protested as she tried to stretch.
“Don't turn away from me. Don't you turn away from me!” Stephen bellowed. He moved away from the window, away from the famished throng, and lit another match. Lilith walked helter-skelter away from him, following the wall, as he held the match aloft.
“I hate you!” she screamed. He watched her hobble away, and then she turned. He faltered at the frost in her eyes. “You said you loved me, but you abandoned me!” The match remained between his fingers even after its flame had reached his flesh.
“Abandoned you?” he said, his voice cracking.
He raked her with his gaze. Lilith's buttocks were flat, and her vertebrae formed a vertical ridgeline along her back. Her legs bent at odd angles when she walked, and they were bespeckled by bed sores. He crushed the dead match in his hand, unable to sort the feelings that came in a mad, hot rush. Finally, he managed, “I don't even see you.”
“It's all I have, Stephen,” she said again, desperate. He crossed over to her, grabbing her by the shoulders and throwing her on the bed. She clawed at him as he climbed atop her, but he held her down easily. “Just let me go in,” she wailed.
“How many more trips you think you got before you come out of that thing Net-eaten? How long till I have to put you down like a goddamned dog?” Her frail, slightly translucent wrists shook in his hands. He knew that with the tiniest addition of force, he could snap them like twigs. His voice softened. “I just want to see you again.” It was the eyes. They had gone flat, glassy. “I want to know you see me,” he said.
Her eyes had been bright with hope once. Then the Administrator had started running the rats. It hadn't been long after that Net chambers were installed en masse.
“I don't give a good goddamn shit!” she shrieked, spitting in his face. He held her down, not daring to release her arms to wipe the stinking spittle off. Her fingernails were long and yellow and jagged. “What else is there?”
“You have me!” he screamed.
She went still. “You said there would be food here.”
After a few seconds, Stephen lowered his head in defeat and released her arms. At once, he felt her trembling fingers in his hair. Thick, heavy sobs shook him. She clutched his hair tightly with every cry, as if the sound caused her physical pain.
“I feel like I'm underwater all the time, when I'm here. And I'm screaming, and I'm just falling,” she said. After a moment, she whispered, “Come with me.”
“It wouldn't be real, Lilith!” he cried, his anguish raising his voice an octave. “I just want us.”
“There can't be an US in this void,” she said with finality. “Get up. You're going to make me late.”
“None of it's real, Lilith. None of it.” He kissed her just below the collarbone, his lips quivering. A curtain of tears obscured the pale, boil-covered skin he was kissing.
“Get off of me,” she hissed, using whatever strength she could muster to heave with her hips. He held her down easily.
“Remember,” he pleaded. “Remember before the rats. What we said.”
“Get off!” she wailed.
He rolled off of her. “Don't come back then,” he said, staring at the moldy ceiling. “Let it finish you this time.”
She pulled herself up off of the bed slowly, avoiding his eyes. Stephen watched her amble to the corner of the room and press a small blue button with her thumb.
“We all die,” she croaked, turning to look back at him, “but at least I won't die alone.”
A panel in the wall slid away, and a crescent-shaped chamber arced out toward her. Stephen watched her climb in and then rolled over on the bed where she had been lying. “Bitch,” he said into his arm. Then he lay in the stench of the gasoline and wept.
While I've been watching reruns of Gossip Girl and chugging unholy amounts of iced coffee all week, some hardworking chefs in Italy have been doing God's work.
In Naples, during the L'Unione Fa La Pizza, the chefs of Napoli Pizza Village were hard at work creating the world's longest pizza.
More: Make your homemade pizza taste like it came from a legit pizzeria
It's a truly beautiful sight to behold: more than a mile of delicious Neapolitan pizza. Forget the view of the Mediterranean — I wouldn't be able to peel my eyes off of that baby.
After the Guinness Book of World Records rep confirmed that the pizza was record-breaking, guests even got to take home a slice of the magnificently long pizza.
In case you're thinking of plotting your own record-busting pizza creation, check out the numbers behind the current champion:
More: 20 epic pizza FAILS you have to see
1.15 miles: The length of the finished pizza (I bet I could put a sizable dent in that after a few glasses of wine).
5: The number of wood-fired ovens used to cook the pizza.
11 hours: How long it took to prepare and cook the pizza to perfection.
100: The number of chefs who worked on the pizza.
200 liters: The quantity of olive oil that went into making the pizza.
1,600 kilograms: A whole lot of tomatoes, and the amount that topped the pizza.
2,000 kilograms: How much flour was used to make the pizza.
2,000 kilograms: The quantity of fiordilatte cheese that was sprinkled atop the pizza (not to nitpick, but they probs should have used more, judging by the fact that everything is better with double cheese).
I mean, I won't say it sounds easy to make a record-breaking pizza, but if anyone wants to use my Costco card to pick up the ingredients, I promise I will be the best taste tester the world has ever seen.
More: Food Porn Friday: 22 mouthwatering pizzas that look too good to be true
Smoke rises during clashes between Kurdish Peshmerga fighters and Islamic State (IS) militants, on the outskirts of Mosul January 21, 2015. REUTERS/Azad Lashkari
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States and Iraq have started preparing for an offensive by summer to recapture the Iraqi city of Mosul, which was taken by Islamic State militants last June, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.
Preparations include selecting and training military units for the planned assault and cutting supply lines to Islamic State fighters, General Lloyd Austin, head of the U.S. military's Central Command, told the Journal.
Mosul is the largest city in a self-declared Islamic State caliphate straddling the border between northern Iraq and eastern Syria.
A senior Iraqi official told Reuters in November that Mosul was the focus of government efforts to defeat Islamic State, because of the city's size and symbolic status.
The U.S.-led forces have been conducting air strikes against Islamic State targets in Iraq and Syria, including 16 since Wednesday that were centered on Mosul.
The Journal quoted Austin as saying that Iraqi forces must be ready before the offensive could begin.
“If we did things alone or with some of the other allies on the ground, it could move faster,” he told the newspaper. “But the Iraqis have to do this themselves.”
Austin said he had not yet determined whether to recommend that U.S. ground troops accompany local units pushing into Mosul but added the military would “do what it takes,” the Journal said.
He told the paper that two Iraqi divisions were expected to lead the force fighting to retake Mosul. The newspaper quoted military officials as saying those forces would receive four to six weeks of U.S. training.
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar on Saturday said anyone speaking against the country must be “taught a lesson” in the same way that an “actor” and an “online trading company” were taught.
Advertising
Parrikar took no names. But in November 2015, at the Ramnath Goenka Awards, actor Aamir Khan had spoken about a “sense of insecurity” resulting from increasing intolerance in the country, and mentioned his wife Kiran Rao's apprehensions about the future of their child in India.
A few months later, e-commerce giant Snapdeal, for which Khan was brand ambassador, did not renew his contract. Snapdeal had earlier faced a strong backlash on social media, including a reported loss of customers.
“I am only trying to point out… if anyone speaks like this, he has to be taught a lesson of his life,” Parrikar said at a ceremony to launch the Marathi edition of a book by journalist Nitin Gokhale.
Advertising
“Actorne jeva hey kela, thehva jya company la toh advertise karat hota… online trading company hoti. Aple log thoda jaste hoshar ahet. Mala mahite ahey there was a team which was working on this… They were telling people you order and return it… The company should learn a lesson, they had to pull out his advertisement… (When the actor did this… then the company which he was endorsing was… an online trading company. Some of our people are very smart, I know. There was a team which was working on this. They were telling people you order and return it… The company should learn a lesson, they had to pull his advertisement),” Parrikar said.
Khan's statement was very “arrogant”, the minister said.
“That was a very arrogant statement, we have to love our nation.”
Speaking at the RNG Awards on November 23, 2015, Khan had said, “…There is a sense of fear more than there was earlier. I do feel there is a sense of insecurity. When I sit at home and talk to (wife) Kiran. Kiran and I have lived all our lives in India. For the first time, she said, should we move out of India? That's a disastrous and big statement for Kiran to make to me. She fears for her child. She fears about what the atmosphere around us will be. She feels scared to open the newspapers every day. That does indicate that there is a sense of growing disquiet. Growing sense of despondency. You feel depressed, you feel low… why is it happening? This feeling exists in me too.”
He also said, “I can't deny that I am alarmed… For any society it is very important to have a sense of security. I mean there will be acts of violence in the world for different reasons. But for us as Indians, as a part of society to have a sense of security, two-three things are very important, I feel. One is a sense of justice… The second and very important sense of security is the people who are our elected representatives — people who we select to look after us for five years if at state level or Centre…”
At a time when a debate is raging over the alleged use of disproportionate force by security forces in Jammu & Kashmir, Parrikar also argued strongly for the use of “full power” by the Army in counter-insurgency operations.
“I do not want to train the Army to use the lathi,” he said. He added, however, that the decision to call in the Army was to be taken entirely by the civilian authorities.
“Where to use the Army is a civilian decision. However, whenever the Army is used, full power has to be there, otherwise do not use the Army,” he said.
Watch | Aamir Khan On Intolerance & Delinking Terrorism From Religion
The defence minister said that under no circumstances would the armed forces be asked to face a situation with one hand tied behind their backs. “We have to understand what is the importance of national security. This question has again come to the fore because of a recent judgment regarding Northeast,” he said.
On July 8, the Supreme Court questioned the continued deployment of the Army in Manipur under protection of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA), saying this mocked India's democratic process and symbolised the failure of both the civil administration and the armed forces.
Advertising
“I will be very happy if we do not have to use the Army anywhere in the country other than disaster management,” Parrikar said. The Army, he said, has never violated human rights, and has instead worked towards protecting them.
RENTON, Wash. -- Since the Seattle Seahawks played on Thursday night, free safety Earl Thomas spent the weekend studying what other NFL teams do. He came to one clear conclusion.
The Seahawks are the NFL's version of James Brown, according to safety Earl Thomas: "funky and nasty." AP Photo/Kevork Djansezian
"It made me realize that we're different," Thomas said. "It really did, in a lot of ways. We're in sync and we're swarming the ball. We just have a different sound. It's funky and nasty; James Brown-type stuff. It's very unique."
You probably never thought you would hear the Seahawks compared to the Godfather of Soul, but Thomas' point is the Seahawks have a rhythm in how they play and an unencumbered style.
Thomas also spent Monday night taking a close look at the Chargers-Cardinals game, two teams the Seahawks play this season. But Thomas said he mostly watched San Diego quarterback Philip Rivers because the Seahawks play the Chargers on Sunday in San Diego.
The Cardinals defeated the Chargers 18-17.
"You really get to sit down and see it from a fan's point of view, but also from a player's mindset," Thomas said. "You get to see [Rivers'] favorite targets and what he likes to do in certain situations. You see how they use their personnel and the QB intentions."
Seahawks wide receiver Ricardo Lockette was asked Monday after practice what he would watch in the Chargers-Cardinals game.
"I'll be watching everything," Lockette said. "Even the water boy."
No licence holder may participate in an event that has not been included on a national, continental or world calendar or that has not been recognised by a national federation, a continental confederation or the UCI.
A national federation may grant special exceptions for races or particular events run in its own country.
The objective of Article 1.2.019 is that exemptions should only be granted in exceptional cases. Licence holders who participate in a "forbidden race" make themselves liable not only to sanctions by their National Federation, as scheduled by Article 1.2.021 of the UCI regulations, but also run the risk of not having sufficient insurance cover in the event of an accident.
Article 1.2.019 applies to all licence holders, without exception. It does not solely concern professional riders or just the members of UCI teams, contrary to certain statements in the press and on some blogs.
The UCI has issued a statement regarding Rule 1.2.019, which deals with UCI licensed racers participating in unsanctioned races. This rule was examined in last month's article , but the statement closes what had seemed to be a loophole that would allow UCI licensed riders not on a UCI team to participate in unsanctioned events. USA Cycling posted the statement up today, along with the acknowledgement that they would be complying with the ruling, but would waive the permit fee for race organizers seeking to have their pre-existing races sanctioned.To reiterate, the rule states,At first, it seemed like national federations could use the second part of the ruling to easily grant exceptions, allowing UCI licensed racers to participate in unsanctioned events without repercussion. However, the statement from the UCI makes it clear that this is not the case, and says,With that potential workaround closed, what about the theory that racers not on UCI teams wouldn't need to worry about the rule? At one point, USA Cycling Director of Communications Bill Kellick said that the ruling "does not affect mountain bike pro riders who are NOT on UCI-registered teams." That's no longer the case, and according to the UCI,The takeaway from all of this? UCI licensed riders can only race sanctioned races. That's it. No loopholes, no exceptions. It will be interesting to see how this plays out, especially considering the rapid growth of enduro racing. Racers will need to decide which direction to take their racing career, either sticking with sanctioned races or forgoing the UCI entirely and racing in the numerous unsanctioned alternatives.
Each year The New York Times creates a furor by publishing a list of the highest paid CEOs. (This year the top 10 averaged $30.3 million in total compensation.) And each year “the paper of record” misses the real story: Yes, CEOs of public firms certainly are paid ridiculous sums, even compared to corporate chiefs in other rich countries. But the true robber barons run hedge funds and private equity companies. They make billions, not millions, and they do it not by running businesses, but by siphoning wealth away from companies, consumers, students and governments.
Just take a look at what the top 10 hedge fund managers “earned” in 2013…
That means these top hedge fund moguls earned nearly 59 times more than the top CEOs. Here's America's new math for a new Gilded Age:
In 2013, George Soros made $1,923,077 per hour!
In one HOUR Soros makes as much money as the median American family earns in 37.7 years. (Yep, one hour of his time is “worth” 37.7 years of your family's.)
The top 10 hedge fund managers earned as much in one year as 334,902 elementary school teachers or 271,575 registered nurses.
Hedge fund managers pay a lower tax rate than teachers or registered nurses because of a special tax loophole called “carried interest.”
Financial Strip Mining
Hedge funds and their close cousins — private equity firms and the proprietary trading desks at large banks — are financial strip miners. Rather than create new products and services, they tear wealth away from the real economy, and from us.
Let's start with high-frequency trading (see my summary). By trading in microseconds, the strip miners are able to reap enormous profits by skimming money away from slower-moving traders like mutual funds and pension funds. In the time it takes to press the button on E*TRADE, a high-speed trader can get between the buyer and seller and extract a few pennies. Do these millions of times per day and you can make a good living. For example, Ken Griffin and his Citadel hedge fund returned over 300 percent in 2007 through high-frequency trading.
Another tactic is to create financial products that are designed to fail so you can collect the insurance on them. John Paulson, number four on the hedge fund list, did just that during the height of the housing bubble, in collusion with Goldman Sachs. Through the infamous Abacus deal, Paulson made a billion dollars by rigging the game and was allowed to keep it all. Goldman Sachs was fined $550 million for not telling investors what Paulson was up to.
One of the biggest strip mining efforts takes place when private equity funds and hedge funds buy up companies using borrowed money, which they then put on the books of the target company. They then use the target company's cash flow to pay off the debt and pay themselves enormous fees and special dividends. Their profits are sheltered by a special “carried interest” tax loophole, which allows the financial honchos to pay 19 points below the standard income tax rate for high earners. The odds are high that the top hedge fund earners listed above pay a lower tax rate than you do, given the loopholes open to them. (Think Mitt Romney and Bain Capital.)
To pay for the enormous incomes earned through these leveraged buyouts, the strip miners' companies raid pension funds, cut wages and benefits, sell product lines, reduce R & D and ship jobs abroad. The CEOs of the target companies become junior partners in the rape of their own companies through golden parachutes and enormous stock options.
Hedge Funds, Debt and Our New Financialized Economy
As hedge funds and private equity funds squeeze wealth from the rest of the economy, our wages stagnate. We then take on debt to buy homes and send our kids to school.
It's estimated that off-shore accounts are costing us over $150 billion a year in lost tax revenues — which is more than enough to provide free tuition at every public two- and four-year college in the country.
Since Wall Street broke free of its New Deal shackles, all forms of debt have skyrocketed. In 1980, the total debt load (corporate, consumer, government) was about 1.6 times as large as the American economy. Today about $59 trillion in debt sits on a $17 trillion economy . The bottom line is that the titans of Wall Street are richer than the pharaohs because we all are in debt to them.
This financial strip mining process also destroys public services. Interest payments are tax deductible, which means that as debt payments flow into the financial sector (and then, of course, to tax havens abroad), corporate tax payments fall. It's estimated that off-shore accounts are costing us over $150 billion a year in lost tax revenues — which is more than enough to provide free tuition at every public two- and four-year college in the country.
As tax revenues erode, state and local government face a perpetual financial crisis, which for the financial strip miners is like finding a rich new seam of money. Hedge funds rush in with predatory lending schemes to “help” state and local governments repair infrastructure. (And many of those schemes are pegged to LIBOR interest rates which we now know were illegally manipulated by the biggest banks.) Los Angeles, for example, spent over $200 million on Wall Street fees last year, which is $50 million more than L.A spent on its entire street repair budget.
The strip miners also press for privatization of public services, a lucrative area for hedge funds. As AlterNet's Kristin Rawls reports, hedge funds are jumping into the charter school business to take advantage of special tax breaks and special provisions that allow overseas investors to gain citizenship.
Charter Schools: A Marketplace for Profits or Ideas? little discussed law passed in 2000, at the end of Bill Clinton's presidency, banks and equity funds that invest in charter schools and other projects in underserved areas can take advantage of a very generous tax credit – as much as 39 percent — to help offset their expenditure in such projects. In essence, that credit amounts to doubling the amount of money they have invested within just seven years. Moreover, they are allowed to combine that tax credit with job creation credits and other types of credit, as well as collect interest payments on the money they are lending out – all of which can add up to far more than double in returns. This is, no doubt, why many big banks and equity funds are so invested in the expansion of charter schools. There is big money being made here — because investment is nearly a sure thing.
So why do the major media miss this story?
No one wants to mess with the big hedge funds and private equity firms. After all, any one of them could buy up The New York Times in a heartbeat and turn it into a cooking magazine. And, I can tell you from personal experience these guys are touchy — when first writing about the John Paulson Abacus deal, his lawyers threatened to sue me.
They don't want the public to know how they earn their money. They want us to continue to believe that they are just smarter than the rest of us — that they earn it fair and square — and are shrewd risk takers whose work makes America great. To smooth it all over, they donate wings to public libraries, endow chairs at universities and even donate to environmental causes. And, of course, they're not shy about buying political influence from both political parties.
All of this is because they fear we will ask the most fundamental question: How much value do they really produce for the US economy?
In their heart of hearts, they know the answer — not much.
Between the release of the new Raspberry Pi 3 on March 1 and our Pi Day celebration last week, it's been a big month for fans of the $35 mini computer.
To add to the excitement, we're pleased to announce our Raspberry Pi 3 Sweepstakes, where we'll be giving away a Raspberry Pi 3 Ultimate Starter Kit.
In addition to the latest and greatest Raspberry Pi computer, the kit ships with lots of fun extras to help get you started, including:
Heat sink
Full-sized large breadboard
High-quality Raspberry Pi case
6.5-foot HDMI cable
LEDs, resistors, push button switches, jumper wires, and more
Enter to win by March 31 at 11:59 p.m. EDT. All you need to do is complete the official entry form:
Enter here. One entry per person.
Don't forget to read our official rules to make sure you're eligible.
Good luck!
TORONTO, April 8 /PRNewswire/ -- Rush – Geddy Lee, Alex Lifeson, and Neil Peart – is without question one of the most inventive and compelling groups in rock history, equally famed for both its virtuoso musicianship and provocative songwriting.
(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20081203/LAW048LOGO-b)
Announced today, The Time Machine Tour is an evening with Rush, where they will perform their classics, give a taste of the future – and for the first time ever – feature the Moving Pictures album live in its entirety.
The band is currently working on their 20th studio album with producer Nick Raskulinecz (co-producer from 2007's Snakes & Arrows) and in addition to their classics plan to showcase a few new tunes live this summer.
"We were off for a year and a half, and now it's just pouring. Everything is totally crazy and there's not a minute left in the day. We've got these half-dozen songs, and we'll probably go in the studio and work on a couple of them and see how it goes, perhaps release something – and I say perhaps – and then we plan on being on the road," says guitarist, Alex Lifeson.
This summer's Live Nation promoted tour will visit approximately 40 cities throughout North America beginning June 29th in Albuquerque, NM and finishing October 2nd in West Palm Beach, FL with stops along the way in Boston, Chicago, Denver, Dallas, Holmdel, Houston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Toronto, Washington, and more (complete tour itinerary follows).
Rush has sold more than 40 million records worldwide and garnered untold legions of devoted and admiring fans. According to the RIAA, Rush's sales statistics place RUSH third after The Beatles and The Rolling Stones for the most consecutive gold or platinum studio albums by a rock band.
Released in 1981, Moving Pictures was their most successful album, certified 4x Platinum and features some of Rush's most well known songs and perennial radio favorites Tom Sawyer, Limelight and the Grammy-nominated instrumental YYZ.
" Rush: Beyond The Lighted Stage " a documentary created by filmmakers Scot McFadyen & Sam Dunn (whose filmography also includes: "Iron Maiden; Flight 666," "Metal, A Headbangers Journey" and "Global Metal") will premiere at New York's Tribeca Film Festival on April 24th followed by the Canadian premiere at Toronto's Hot Docs festival on April 29th. The band was also recently showcased in the comedy " I Love You Man " where they play themselves in a concert scene featuring actors Paul Rudd and Jason Segal as uber-fans, a performance which has exposed the band to a whole new generation.
Inducted into the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame this past March alongside Joni Mitchell, Leonard Cohen and Gordon Lightfoot, Rush has also been nominated for multiple Grammy awards and won a number of Juno Awards. They were inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame in 1994 and bestowed the Order of Canada in 1997. Consistently celebrated and respected worldwide, Rush is the most successful Canadian rock band of all time and they remain one of the biggest grossing arena rock bands ever.
Tickets for Rush Time Machine Tour will go on sale beginning April 16th in San Francisco, Uncasville, Saratoga Springs, Denver, Chicago, Wantagh, Seattle and Holmdel at Livenation.com. Tickets for performances in Milwaukee, Sarnia and Syracuse go on sale April 17th, check local listings for ticket information.
Citi® cardmembers will have access to pre-sale tickets through Citi's Private Pass® Program beginning April 13th in select markets. For complete presale details visit www.citiprivatepass.com.
For complete tour and ticket information, visit: www.rush.com & www.livenation.com
RUSH TIME MACHINE NORTH AMERICAN TOUR 2010
June 29 Albuquerque, NM Hard Rock Casino Albuquerque Presents The Pavilion On sale April 17 July 01 Kansas City, MO Starlight Theatre On sale soon *July 02 Milwaukee, WI Summerfest On sale April 17 July 05 Chicago, IL Charter One Pavilion On sale April 17 *July 09 Sarnia, ON Bayfest On sale April 17 July 13 Toronto, ON Molson Canadian Amphitheatre On sale soon *July 15 Quebec City, QC Festival d'ete de Quebec On sale April 28 July 17 Toronto, ON Air Canada Centre On sale soon July 19 Uncasville, CT Mohegan Sun On sale April 16 July 21 Philadelphia, PA Susquehanna Bank Center On sale soon July 23 Saratoga Springs, NY SPAC On sale April 16 July 24 Wantagh, NY Nikon at Jones Beach On sale April 17
August 05 Salt Lake City, UT USANA Amphitheatre On sale soon August 07 Seattle, WA White River Amphitheatre On sale April 17 August 09 San Francisco, CA Shoreline Amphitheatre On sale April 16 August 11 Los Angeles, CA LA Forum On sale soon August 13 Irvine, CA Verizon Wireless Amphitheater On sale soon August 14 Las Vegas, NV MGM Grand Garden Arena On sale soon August 16 Denver, CO Red Rocks Amphitheatre On sale April 17 August 20 Wichita, KS INTRUST Bank Arena On sale soon August 22 St. Louis, MO Verizon Wireless Amphitheater On sale soon August 25 Omaha, NE Qwest Center On sale soon *August 27 St. Paul, MN Minnesota State Fair On sale April 17 August 29 Columbus, OH Nationwide Arena On sale soon *August 31 Allentown, PA Allentown Fair On sale April 24
*September 02 Syracuse, NY New York State Fair On sale April 17 September 03 Holmdel, NJ PNC Bank Arts Center On sale April 17 September 14 Boston, MA TD Garden On sale soon September 16 Pittsburgh, PA Consol Energy Center On sale soon September 18 Washington, DC Jiffy Lube Live Amphitheater On sale soon September 21 Tulsa, OK BOK Center On sale soon September 23 San Antonio, TX AT&T Center On sale soon September 25 Houston, TX Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion On sale soon September 26 Dallas, TX Superpages.com Center On sale soon September 29 Atlanta, GA Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre @
Encore Park On sale April 30 October 01 Tampa, FL Ford Amphitheatre On sale soon October 02 West Palm Beach, FL Cruzan Amphitheatre On sale soon Additional cities and dates to be announced. Itinerary subject to change. For complete tour and ticket information, visit: www.rush.com and www.livenation.com *Non-Live Nation Events
About Live Nation
Live Nation Entertainment (NYSE-LYV) is the largest live entertainment company in the world, consisting of five businesses: concert promotion and venue operations, sponsorship, ticketing solutions, e-commerce and artist management. Live Nation seeks to innovate and enhance the live entertainment experience for artists and fans: before, during and after the show.
In 2009, Live Nation sold 140 million tickets, promoted 21,000 concerts, partnered with 850 sponsors and averaged 25 million unique monthly users of its e-commerce sites. For additional information, visit www.livenation.com/investors
SOURCE Live Nation
By Jennifer Ablan
NEW YORK, Nov 30 (Reuters) – Russia has banned a pro-democracy charity founded by hedge fund billionaire and philanthropist George Soros, saying it posed a threat to both state security and the Russian constitution.
In a statement released on Monday, Russia's General Prosecutor's Office said two branches of Soros' charity network—the Open Society Foundations and the Open Society Institute Assistance Foundation—would be placed on a “stop list” of foreign non-governmental organizations whose activities have been deemed “undesirable” by the Russian state.
“It was found that the activity of the Open Society Foundations and the Open Society Institute Assistance Foundation represents a threat to the foundations of the constitutional system of the Russian Federation and the security of the state,” the statement said.
It did not elaborate, but the Hungarian-born Soros urged the West earlier this year to step up aid to Ukraine, outlining steps toward a $50 billion financing package that he said should be viewed as a bulwark against an increasingly aggressive Russia.
The Open Society Foundations said it was “dismayed” by the Russian decision.
“Contrary to the Russian prosecutor's allegations, the Open Society Foundations have, for more than a quarter-century, helped to strengthen the rule of law in Russia and protect the rights of all,” Open Society said in a statement.
“In the past, our efforts have been welcomed by Russian officials and citizens, and we regret the changes that have led the government to reject our support to Russian civil society and ignore the aspirations of the Russian people,” it said.
Soros, meanwhile, said in a separate statement: “We are confident that this move is a temporary aberration; the aspirations of the Russian people for a better future cannot be suppressed and will ultimately succeed.”
Soros founded the Open Society Foundations in 1979 when his hedge fund had reached about $100 million and his personal wealth had climbed to about $25 million. It began its philanthropic activity by giving scholarships to black South Africans under apartheid.
Soros, 85, now funds a network of foundations that support human rights, freedom of expression and access to public health and education in 70 countries around the globe.
(Reporting by Jennifer Ablan; Editing by Tom Brown)
A tiny, talking, filmmaking robot with a cardboard shell. A six-legged robot that mirrors the movement of your face. A drone that 3D prints concrete.
They're all robots that you can poke, pet and even program at the Robot Petting Zoo at South by Southwest Interactive Festival in Austin, Texas, from March 15-17.
The menagerie of about 20 robots from 10 different organizations was brought in by the Field Innovation Team, a non-profit group based in Heber City, Utah. The group brings together volunteer partners from a variety of fields to apply innovations such as robotics to disaster relief efforts, says Rebeka Ryvola, the team's creative director, who is originally from Vancouver, B.C.
Desiree Matel-Anderson, chief wrangler for the Field Innovation Team, holds up one of the robots from the Robot Petting Zoo that runs March 15-17 at South by Southwest Interactive Festival. (Emily Chung/CBC)
The robots on display include some that have been used in disasters such as Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant accident in 2011 and last year's deadly mudslides in Oso, Washington, says Desiree Matel-Anderson, who describes herself as the organization's "chief wrangler." Others haven't yet been deployed in the field, but have the potential to be useful in future disasters.
Unfortunately, the drones on display are not allowed to fly at the hotel venue where the petting zoo takes place - but you can still pet them. Meanwhile, other robots are free to crawl, roll and scoot about in their "cages" and visitors have a chance to try operating some of them.
"We want them to think about robots as having great potential to do amazing things in the humanitarian disaster space. Robots are already doing so much there," Ryvola said. "We think that going forward this is where we're going to be seeing great leaps and bounds in how quickly we're able to respond, the amount of people who are able to help and the amount of good we're able to do."
Watch the video to meet Matel-Anderson and some of the robots.
The robots featured in the video, in order, are:
Image copyright PA
UK interest rates have been left unchanged again at 0.5% by the Bank of England's rate-setters.
Eight of the nine rate-setters on the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted for no change, with one voting for a rise.
The Bank rate has been at the record low of 0.5% since March 2009.
A number of economists have been pushing their expectations of the first UK interest rate rise from the end of 2016 into the start of 2017.
The Bank said: "All members agreed that, given the likely persistence of the headwinds weighing on the economy, when Bank rate does begin to rise, it is expected to do so only gradually and to a level lower than in recent cycles.
"This guidance is an expectation, not a promise."
Ian McCafferty, one of four external members of the MPC, has been voting for a rate rise for several months and had the same view at the latest meeting.
Inflation
Image copyright PA
The committee's minutes reveal a view that falling oil prices will mean any rise in inflation - which charts the cost of living - would be "slightly more gradual" in the near-term than forecast by the committee in November.
However, it expected inflation to increase to around the 2% target "once the persistent impact of lower energy and food prices, subdued world export prices and the past appreciation of sterling had dissipated". It added that inflation was likely to be at about 0.5% for several months this year.
The MPC also noted the fall in the value of the pound, which was partly attributed to actions by the European Central Bank.
"Since the start of 2016, however, some market contacts had additionally cited the forthcoming UK referendum regarding EU membership as a possible explanation for the depreciation of sterling," the minutes stated.
Analysis: Kamal Ahmed, BBC Economics Editor
The global risks are building.
Here is the MPC on the remarkable gyrations of the markets since the start of the New Year: "Recent volatility in financial markets has underlined the downside risks to global growth, primarily emanating from emerging markets."
And on confidence in the economy: "Business surveys imply that the near-term outlook for aggregate [economic] activity is slightly weaker."
And on the remarkable collapse of the oil price: "The 40% decline in oil prices means that the increase in inflation is now expected to be slightly more gradual in the near term."
It all makes for a rather gloomy soup. And some would argue pushes any interest rate rise into the relatively far future
Read more from Kamal
Fragility
Image copyright Getty Images
The decision to hold the Bank rate comes shortly after weak industrial output figures were released and estimates suggested UK economic growth had slowed.
Production fell 0.7% in November from October - the sharpest fall since early 2013, according to figures from the Office for National Statistics, released on Tuesday.
Also on Tuesday, the National Institute of Economic and Social Research (NIESR) predicted that UK economic growth slowed to 2.2% last year from 2.9% in 2014.
Meanwhile, the world economy remains in fragile condition, reflected by tumbling global markets last week after a run of poor economic data and interruptions to trading on Chinese stocks.
Last week, the Chancellor George Osborne warned the UK economy was facing "a dangerous cocktail of new threats" as a result of slow global growth and a drop in oil prices, which is a potential threat to the UK economy because of North Sea oil production.
The US Federal Reserve increased rates last month for the first time in nearly a decade, as the US economy expanded strongly last year.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has already said the decision to raise rates in the US was "not decisive" for UK policymakers, stressing that any such move in the UK would be made according to UK economic conditions.
.
Armless Man Denied of Housing Loan Because He Couldn't Give a Fingerprint
A man in China's Henan province was ready to have his own house through a mortgage-until his housing loan was denied by two banks because he couldn't provide a fingerprint. Why? Because he has no arms.
Like Us on Facebook
Advertisement
Wu Jianping, now 26, hails from Zhengzhou, Henan province. He was on the receiving end of severe electric shocks when he was five years old, therefore losing both of his arms. He can write his signature by holding a pen in his mouth, but he could not provide a fingerprint - apparently one of the most important identity verification - because of his disability.
"Fingerprinting is a common practice because signatures can be imitated, but there is no way to copy a fingerprint," a bank employee involved in the case told local media.
Wu has already paid the housing deposit of 55,000 to the real estate sales center on November 13, but later that day when he was scheduled to sign the documents for the real estate sale and mortgage loan, two banks, whose names were undisclosed, rejected the loan.
The incident drew the ire of netizens because of the insensitivity and inconsideration of the banks. After the media attention, other banks where Wu applied before that rejected him for the same reason reversed their decisions.
Furthermore, Zhengzhou's housing management department opened a "green channel" for Wu that aims to help him complete the legal documents needed for his housing loan, this time with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China.
Under China's Protection Law for the Disabled, institutions are mandated to help people with disability process their bank loans and housing contracts.
Advertisement
Advertisement
©2019 Chinatopix All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission
Todd Graham is in his second season as Arizona State head coach. (Doug Pensinger/Getty Images) Todd Graham is in his second season as Arizona State head coach. (Doug Pensinger/Getty Images)
Weird endings or not, Arizona State has seen enough to give Todd Graham more money and more years. Doug Haller of the Arizona Republic announced the Arizona Board of Regents is set to approve an extension until 2018 for the second-year Sun Devils coach.
From The Republic:
The decision will extend Graham's contract through June 30, 2018. It will increase Graham's salary from $2.05 million to $2.3 million effective July 1. Thereafter, Graham's salary will increase to $2.4 million on Jan. 1, 2014 and $2.5 million on Jan. 1, 2015 and $2.6 million on Jan. 1, 2016. On each Jan. 1 thereafter, Graham's annual salary will increase by $50,000.
Heading into the Sun Devils' game at Stanford in what is arguably the biggest game of the week in college football's Week 4, ASU's coach has the team ranked No. 23 with a 10-5 start in his first 15 games. There is a lot of talent on the offensive side of the ball, and the Sun Devils run an up-tempo style that strives to run as many plays as possible. (ASU ran 93 plays against Wisconsin.) Graham took some heat for his comments about "dream jobs" and leaving schools in his wake to climb the ladder, but Arizona State must trust the process and that the coach is at home in Tempe. Plus the school has a bit of built-in security in this contract, according to the Republic:
If Graham terminates the contract and takes another college or professional coaching position, ASU may collect an amount up to $1.5 million.
Coming Soon
Turn Up Charlie
A down-and-out DJ plots to rebuild his music career while working as a nanny for his famous best friend's wild 11-year-old daughter.
I Am Not Okay With This
A teen navigates the complexities of high school, family and her sexuality while dealing with new superpowers. Based on Charles Forsman's graphic novel.
Space Force
A comedy series about the people tasked with creating Space Force, a new branch of the U.S. military. From Greg Daniels and star Steve Carell.
Paskal
Naval unit PASKAL is among the most elite special forces in Malaysia. But all bets are off when one of its own stages a hijacking. Based on true events.
Cursed
In this fresh take on the Arthurian legend, teenager Nimue joins forces with mercenary Arthur on a quest to find Merlin and deliver an ancient sword.
The Dirt
In this dramatization of Mötley Crüe's no-holds-barred autobiography, the band hits the monster highs and savage lows of heavy metal superstardom.
The Ghost Bride
In the 1890s Malacca, a young woman finds herself in the afterlife and becomes mired in a murder mystery connected to the deceased son of a wealthy family.
Music Teacher
Burned by his past, an emotionally troubled, small-town music teacher risks everything he has to reconnect with a now-famous former student.
During Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to China last week, China and Russia signed a huge natural gas deal that is worth about $400 billion. The natural gas deal is a win-win for China and Russia, as China secures a long-term (30 years) provision of natural gas from Russia and Russia can reduce its dependence on the European markets as well as strengthen Russia's position against Western sanctions. In the meantime, China and Russia conducted a joint naval drill in East China Sea, sending a deterrence message to Japan and the U.S. This also indicates that Russia is now moving closer to China's side with regard to the territorial disputes between China and Japan. Furthermore, China and Russia last week vetoed a draft UN resolution to send Syria to the International Criminal Court for war crimes. China and Russia had vetoed three previous UNSC resolutions condemning Syria.
In the joint statement issued by China and Russia, the main message is that China-Russia relations have reached a new stage of comprehensive strategic partnership and this will help increase both countries' international status and influence, thus contributing to a more just international order. Of particular importance is the agreement that China and Russia will deepen cooperation under the Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building in Asia (CICA), a new security framework in Asia-Pacific that conveniently excludes the U.S. and Japan.
The question that everybody now is asking is this: Why this new development in China-Russia relations? Obviously, the main trigger is the recent Ukraine crisis that has seriously damaged Russia-West relations, thereby pushing Russia closer to China. However, there is also a larger strategic reason. That is, there are mutual strategic needs as both China and Russia want to create a multipolar world that is not dominated by the U.S., particularly as China faces threats from the US-led alliance in Asia. As previously pointed out by Zachary Keck, China's chance of winning maritime disputes with Japan partly depends on maintaining a good relationship with Russia. From Russia's perspective, the NATO expansion is a serious threat to Russia's national security and as such Russia has to fight back. Russia's current and future capabilities are limited, however, and it desperately needs a reliable strategic partner, which happens to be China.
A more fundamental question, however, is: are China and Russia moving toward to a formal alliance? Some believe (here and here) that a new China-Russia alliance is now emerging and this will eventually lead to a multi-polar world order. Others disagree (here and here) by pointing to problems in China-Russia relations such as historical mistrust, the lack of a common threat, and conflicting interests in Central Asia. Interestingly, within China there have been some domestic debates (here, here, and here) about whether China should form an alliance with Russia.
A prominent proponent for a China-Russia alliance is Professor Yan Xuetong from Qinghua University. Yan has been advocating for a China-Russia alliance for some years. According to Yan, the most important factor determining whether China and Russia should form an alliance is whether the two countries have shared strategic interests and how long such shared strategic interests can last. He first argues that currently neither China nor Russia could become a member of the Western bloc led by the U.S. because other allies of the U.S. would feel threatened by China and Russia. On the one hand, the West would never trust Russia, thus Russia has no better alternative to siding with China. On the other hand, China's number two position in the world means that China will not be supported by the U.S. with regard to most international affairs issues. Moreover, a declining U.S. will choose an offshore balancing strategy by relying on its allies in Europe and Asia, thereby increasing pressures for China and Russia. Such increasing pressures pose common threats to China and Russia. Thus, a China-Russia alliance would benefit both countries in the next 10 to 20 years. Yan also refutes the argument that a China-Russia alliance against the U.S. would lead to another cold war.
Opponents of a China-Russia alliance, however, point out that there could be potentially high costs of such an alliance due to common problems such as fears of abandonment and entrapment. China could be dragged into an unnecessary war by Russia. Also, Russia is not that interested in this alliance idea as Russia is unwilling to be China's junior partner in the relationship. Besides, Russia wants to maintain good relations with all Asian states and thus will not side with China when it comes to territorial disputes between China and Japan. For all these reasons, a China-Russia alliance is unrealistic and a strategic partnership is more flexible and better for China.
Thus, it seems that in the near future a formal alliance between China and Russia will not happen due to a variety of reasons. Unless the U.S. militarily threatens both China and Russia at the same time, a formal alliance will not occur. However, the U.S. should be careful not to make another strategic mistake that would only facilitate a formal China-Russia alliance.
Study Debunks Six Myths About Electricity in the South
Research Suggests Clean Energy Can Help Meet Growing Demand
Click image to enlarge Download Image
Clean energy can help meet growing electricity demand and minimize pollution in the southern United States, but progress to adopt renewable energy strategies has been hindered by a number of myths, according to a new study by Georgia Tech and Duke University researchers.
The study, published in the journal Energy Policy, debunks popular myths about clean energy that have been promulgated by policymakers, business leaders and advocacy groups in the South. Those myths ­– encompassing both sides of the clean energy debate – may affect how the South responds to what is expected to be a 28 percent rise in population within the next 20 years.
“The South has an abundance of sustainable energy technologies and resources, but misperceptions about their availability and readiness result in support for conventional energy systems,” said Marilyn Brown, co-author and professor in Georgia Tech's School of Public Policy. “Our research is motivated by the hope that promoting fact-informed dialogue can tackle such barriers and clear the way for a more sustainable energy future.”
Using an energy-economic modeling tool, researchers analyzed the following six myths, identified through their earlier research on energy in the South:
Energy efficiency and renewable energy by themselves cannot meet the South's growing electricity demand;
The South does not have sufficient renewable energy resources to meet a Federal Renewable Energy Standard;
Renewable energy cannot be promoted without escalating electricity rates;
Energy efficiency and renewable energy policies are not compatible;
Cost-effective energy efficiency and renewable energy policies are sufficient to retire existing coal plants and reduce air pollution;
Power resource decisions have little impact on water resources.
The researchers found that energy efficiency and renewable energy can work together to meet projected growth without escalating electricity rates. The study also indicates that implementing renewable electricity standards and other complementary policies could stabilize greenhouse gas emissions. Coupling these policies with stronger regulations, such as a $15 per ton carbon tax, could help retire coal-fired power plants and reduce emissions by 23 percent compared to today's levels. The researchers also found that while energy impact on water usage is largely ignored, renewable and efficient options could hold water-saving benefits—up to one trillion liters in 2030—for this drought-prone region.
“Myths about clean electricity shape perceptions and have delayed progress in the South,” said Etan Gumerman, the study's co-author and senior policy analyst at Duke's Nicholas Institute for Environmental Policy Solutions. “We hope that by casting doubt on these myths, we can begin a productive discussion about affordable clean electricity and how it could shape public policies.”
To review the paper, “Myths and Facts about Electricity in the U.S. South,” visit http://www.nicholasinstitute.duke.edu/myths-and-facts-about-electricity-in-the-u.s.-south.
The transfer to his Afghanistan-born brother in law also lists Mateen's wife as a witness.
Several weeks before he massacred 49 at an Orlando gay nightclub, Muslim terrorist Omar Seddique Mateen transferred over his interest in his Florida home to his older sister and Afghan brother-in-law, property records show — an indication the family possibly had some knowledge of his martyrdom plans.
Authorities say the fatally shot Mateen clearly was prepared to die in a gun battle with police during the June 12 attack, the deadliest act of terrorism on U.S. soil since 9/11.
On April 5, Mateen “quit-claimed” the deed on his Port St. Lucie, Fla., house, signing it over to his sister, Sabrina Abasin, and his brother-in-law Mustafa Abasin according to county property records. The records list his wife Noor Salman as a witness in the curious real estate transaction.
Mateen's wife, who is expected to be charged as an accessory in her husband's attack, reportedly has told authorities Mateen began casing targets as early as April. He was regularly training with firearms well before April.
Earlier this week, the mysterious brother-in-law — Mustafa Abasin, aka Mustafa Aurakzai — escorted the widowed Salman, who wore a hoodie to shield her face from cameras, to the Port St. Lucie home to collect belongings. Florida state records indicate he was born in Afghanistan.
The 43-year-old Abasin has been questioned by federal investigators. In fact, the entire family is under investigation. FBI agents have expanded the investigation overseas to include family connections in Afghanistan.
Abasin is listed on state articles of incorporation papers as a founding director of a pro-Taliban nonprofit group set up by Mateen's father, Seddique Mir Mateen. Abasin's wife, Sabrina Seddique Abasin, also sits on its board.
An Afghan immigrant, the senior Mateen founded the The Durand Jirga Inc. in 2010 to support the Taliban and the tribal region it controls along the Afghan-Pakistani border.
In a recent video posted on the Web, Mateen expresses gratitude toward the Afghan Taliban, who stone homosexuals to death and launch terrorist attacks on U.S. soldiers, calling them “our warrior brothers.” He has criticized U.S. actions in Afghanistan, and complained about American and other Western “foreigners” in his home country.
Abasin, also active in Afghan politics, has echoed that criticism.
In a paper he recently posted in Farsi, Abasin criticizes Afghans who have adopted American culture, according to an English translation by CounterJihad.com. He also rails against tribal chiefs who do not speak out against democracy in Afghanistan.
In recent social media posts, Abasin blames guns for his brother-in-law's shooting, calls presumptive GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump a “racist” for wanting to restrict Muslim immigration, and says he's involved with working with “refugee camps.” It's not clear if the refugees include the displaced Syrian nationals the Obama administration is resettling in U.S. cities.
Abasin's occupation is listed as health insurance broker, while his wife Sabrina is listed as a cosmetologist. A Facebook page lists Abasin as an “independent broker” with Allianze, and a member of the Association of Pakistani-Americans of Central Florida and the Iranian Cultural Society of Greater Miami-ICS.
Neither he nor his wife responded to requests for comment.
Sabrina, like her late brother Omar Mateen, is a registered Democrat. Federal campaign records show their father gave money to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee last year.
Abasin appears to be obsessed with AIDS.
Earlier this year, he searched and downloaded an article, “How to prevent the transmission of HIV AIDS virus,” and just days before his brother-in-law attacked the gay club in Orlando, he tweeted out a complaint about CNN's series about the 1980's decade, arguing it focuses too much on AIDS and the gay community.
“Eighties is an interesting TV show, @tomhanks is executive of the TV show, but why did he speak about AIDS? It was out of the topic,” he wrote on June 9.
JNS.org – UNESCO's Director-General made a statement signaling her opposition to a resolution approved Wednesday by the organization's member states that ignores Jewish ties to the Temple Mount and Western Wall.
“Jerusalem is the sacred city of the three monotheistic religions – Judaism, Christianity and Islam,” Irina Bokova said Friday. “To deny, conceal or erase any of the Jewish, Christian or Muslim traditions undermines the integrity of the site, and runs counter to the reasons that justified its inscription on the UNESCO World Heritage list.”
Bokova added that each of the faiths' ties to the city “build on texts and references, known by all, that are an intrinsic part of the identities and history of peoples.”
“The heritage of Jerusalem is indivisible, and each of its communities has a right to the explicit recognition of their history and relationship with the city,” she said.
Jerusalem is a “microcosm of humanity's spiritual diversity,” Bokova noted, a place where “different peoples worship the same places, sometimes under different names.”
“The recognition, use of and respect for these names is paramount,” she continued. “The Al-Aqsa Mosque/Haram al-Sharif (the sacred shrine of Muslims) is also the Har HaBayit – or Temple Mount – whose Western Wall is the holiest place in Judaism, a few steps away from the Saint Sepulcher and the Mount of Olives trees revered by Christians.”
On Thursday, the resolution omitting Jewish ties to the nation's holiest sites passed through UNESCO's committee stage, 24 to 6, with 26 abstentions.
The resolution refers to the sites by their Muslim names only and labels Israel as a “occupying power” criticized for its “aggressions and illegal measures” at the Temple Mount, as well as at other holy sites throughout Israel, including the Tomb of the Patriarchs and Matriarchs in Hebron.
Despite her position, Bokova, who has spoken out against similar resolutions denying Jewish ties to Jerusalem holy sites, ultimately may not be able to take any steps against this document, which must still be validated by the Executive Board of UNESCO when it meets early next week where it is expected to pass without any modification to the language.
In light of the vote, Israel informed Bokova early Friday that it was suspending its cooperation with UNESCO. Israeli officials have slammed the resolution, with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calling it “absurd” and President Reuven Rivlin saying it is an “embarrassment.”
UGA coach Mark Richt said upon the team's arrival in Charlotte on Wednesday night that tight ends coach John Lilly will indeed be calling the plays for the Dec. 30 Belk Bowl against Louisville.
Richt's announcement confirms news first passed along Tuesday by Dawgs247's Rusty Mansell.
Lilly has been on Georgia's staff since prior to the 2008 season as tight ends coach. He was named co-special teams coordinator after this past season, and he will now for this game take the play-calling reins from Mike Bobo, who was hired Monday to be the new head coach at Colorado State.
Richt was asked by reporters in Charlotte if the fact he is not calling plays in the game is an indication that he has decided the next coordinator will certainly call plays and not him.
"We'll see," Richt said. "We're just focused on this game right now."
Photo by UGA Sports Communications
-----------------
Click here to enter to win FREE Georgia Bulldogs Merchandise!
Bale is unlikely to be risked for the Premier League match at White Hart Lane on Sunday and could miss the FA Cup replay against Stevenage and the trip to Everton
By Wayne Veysey | Chief Correspondent
Gareth Bale is a major doubt for Tottenham's Premier League clash with Manchester United on Sunday, after suffering a Grade 1 hamstring tear on international duty with Wales, Goal.com can reveal.
Bale pulled his hamstring in training on Tuesday morning and took no part in the Gary Speed memorial match against Costa Rica on Wednesday night.
Wales played down the seriousness of the injury but Goal.com understands that it has been diagnosed by medics as a Grade 1, the least serious of the three grades of hamstring tears.
Bale was at Spurs' training ground on Thursday to be assessed by the medical staff and is believed to be confident of featuring against United at White Hart Lane, but he is, in fact, unlikely to play any part.
Grade 1 tears usually require 10 to 21 days recovery time, which means that Bale could also miss Tottenham's FA Cup replay against Stevenage next Wednesday and the league trip to Everton the following Sunday.
His injury is a serious blow for manager Harry Redknapp and will infuriate the club, given that he picked up the injury in training while preparing for a friendly international.
The 2011 PFA Player of the Year is in the running to retain his crown this year after adding greater variety to his game over the past 12 months, scoring 14 goals for club and country, including 10 in the Premier League.
How do you stay up with football when on the move? With http://m.goal.com – your best source for mobile coverage of the beautiful game.
People who catch a break off the bat are setting themselves up for good fortune, according to a new study that suggests initial success breeds future success.
The researchers from Stony Brook University conducted a few unusual experiments that showed that people who had success in the beginning of their endeavors tended to do better than people who did not start off with a stroke of luck (or genius). The research will be published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Instead of doing their research in a lab, though, they took it online to the popular sites Kickstarter.com, Change.org and epinions.com. In their first experiment, they randomly donated money to 100 out of 200 new and unfunded projects on Kickstarter. The result? 70% of the projects that the researchers donated to early were able to attract more funding, compared to 39% of the projects that did not get early donations.
The second experiment was conducted on Epinions, which pays reviewers on the popularity of their reviews. The researchers randomly endorsed some of the reviews and again found that 90% of reviews that were given the researchers' endorsement were rated as “very helpful” after only two weeks.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
In their third, the researchers granted awards to a random number of top editors on Wikipedia. Forty percent of the people they awarded received another award from Wikipedia users, compared to 31% who did not get an initial award from the researchers.
In their final experiment, researchers looked at 200 newly posted petitions on Change.org, and once again randomly assigned dozens of signatures to 100 campaigns. The findings show that 66% of people who were given the extra signatures received at least one more signature, but only 52% of the people who did not get the extra signatures attracted more people.
“In real-life environments, we gave success to some people … and found that these arbitrarily favoured people were more successful at the end than others not given this preferred treatment,” lead study author Dr. Arnout van de Rijt at the Institute for Advanced Computational Science at Stony Brook said in a statement.
The research suggests that it's not solely skill that increases a person's odds at success, but also their initial boost in the right direction, the authors conclude.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Is the United States the only country worried about its collective weight? A new Reader's Digest survey has analyzed responses from 16,000 people in 16 countries to find out what people around the world think about weight. Here are some of the findings:
The most pressure to be thin: Brazilians topped the list, with 83 percent complaining that the culture places too much emphasis on weight. India was second, at 68 percent, and the United States ranked third, with 62 percent complaining about an overemphasis on weight.
Wives who want their husband to lose weight: Just over half of married women in the United States want a thinner husband, while 47 percent of married American men said they were unhappy with their wife's weight.
Husbands who want their wife to lose weight: Indian men were most unhappy with their spouse's weight, with 48 percent saying they wished their wife was thinner.
Most likely to use weight loss pills: The survey found that 37 percent of people in China had used weight loss drugs, followed by Brazil (30 percent), Russia (24 percent) and Mexico (23 percent). In the United States, 19 percent said they used diet pills.
Most likely to blame genetics: Seventy percent of Russians said their weight problems are inherited, followed by Germans (61 percent) and Indians (50 percent). In the United States, 20 percent of respondents blamed their genes for a weight problem.
Most likely to blame Americans: More than any country surveyed, the French were most likely to blame American eating habits and American fast-food companies for spreading obesity.
Go to the Readers Digest Web site to read the full article, “Global Poll: Weight Around the World,” where you'll learn where people are most likely to use smoking to lose weight, where most people are happy as they are, and where weight is most likely to affect a job promotion or to ruin your sex life.
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of civilians in parts of Mosul held by Islamic State are struggling to get food, water and medicine, the United Nations said, days into a new push by U.S.-backed Iraqi government troops to take the northern city.
Displaced Iraqi people who fled their homes receive water during a fight between Iraqi forces and Islamic State militants in al-Zanjili neighbourhood, north of Old City district of Mosul, Iraq May 30, 2017. REUTERS/Alaa Al-Marjani
Up to 200,000 people still live behind Islamic State lines in Mosul's Old City and three other districts, U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator Lise Grande told Reuters late on Sunday.
She spoke a day after Iraq's army said it had launched a new offensive to take the militant zones on the western side of the Tigris river.
Progress has been slow, an Iraqi government adviser told Reuters, also late on Sunday. “The fighting is extremely intense ... the presence of civilians means we have to be very cautious,” he said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
People who had managed to get out of the militant areas “report a dramatic situation including lack of food, limited water and severe shortages of medicines,” Grande said by phone.
“We know that there have been health facilities in these areas, but we don't know whether they are still functioning.”
Government forces have been dropping leaflets over the districts telling families to flee - but many have remained fearing getting caught in the cross-fire.
“We have been informed by authorities that the evacuation is not compulsory ... If civilians decide to stay ... they will be protected by Iraqi security forces,” said Grande.
“People who choose to flee will be directed to safe routes. The location of these will change depending on which areas are under attack and dynamics on the battlefield,” she added.
The latest Iraqi government push is part of a broader offensive in Mosul, now in its eighth month. It has taken longer than planned as the militants are dug in among civilians, retaliating with suicide car and motorbike bombs, booby traps, snipers and mortar fire.
Its prime target is the medieval Grand al-Nuri mosque with its landmark leaning minaret in Mosul's Old City, where Islamic State's black flag has been flying since mid-2014.
The fall of Mosul would, in effect, mark the end of the Iraqi half of the “caliphate” declared nearly three years ago by Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in a speech at the mosque.
About 700,000 people, about a third of the pre-war city's population, have already fled, seeking refuge either with friends and relatives or in camps.
Mr. Schneiderman is looking into whether the schools and their recruiters misrepresent their ability to find students jobs, the quality of instruction, the cost of attending, and their programs accreditation, among other things. Such activities could constitute deceptive trade practices or fraud.
The four other companies are the Career Education Corporation, which runs the Sanford-Brown Institute, Briarcliffe College and American InterContintental University; Corinthian Colleges, the parent company of Everest Institute, WyoTech and Heald Colleges; Lincoln Educational Services, the owner of Lincoln Technical and Lincoln Colleges Online; and Bridgepoint Education, the operator of Ashford University.
Photo
Spokesmen for Lincoln Educational Services, Bridgeport Education and Corinthian Colleges each said the companies had been sent requests for information by the attorney general's office and would comply with them.
A representative of Career Education Corporation declined to comment.
For-profit schools have become big business in the United States, especially as the unemployed seek a way back into the work force. Some of those schools, however, have been accused of creating as much economic harm as help: students have reported falling deep into debt to pay for classes that they said had failed to deliver what they had promised.
Mr. Trump's institution is unique among for-profit schools: it is built almost entirely around the prestige and prominence of a single individual. Mr. Trump said he created the university in 2005 to impart decades' worth of his business acumen to the general public. He aggressively marketed the school, telling students that his handpicked instructors would “teach you better than the best business school,” according to a transcript of a Web video.
The school has charged premium prices because of the Trump name, with the cost of the courses ranging from $1,500 to $35,000 each.
But, as The New York Times reported last week, dozens of students have complained about the quality of the program to the attorneys general of New York, Texas, Florida and Illinois. The Better Business Bureau gave the school a D-minus for 2010, its second-lowest grade, after receiving 23 complaints. Over the last three years, New York and Maryland have told the company to drop the word “university” from its title, saying that using it violated state education laws. (The school was renamed the Trump Entrepreneur Initiative in 2010.)
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Four former students filed a suit against Trump University last year in a federal court in California, seeking class-action status. They contended that the school used high-pressure sales tactics to enroll students in the costly classes, promised extensive one-on-one instruction that did not materialize and employed “mentors” who at times recommended investments from which they stood to profit.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Sorial of the Trump Organization, which oversees Mr. Trump's businesses, forcefully disputed those claims. He said on Thursday that 95 percent of the school's students in New York had rated their courses as “excellent” on evaluation forms. The school's national average is even higher, he said.
“Our customer satisfaction surveys speak for themselves,” he said.
As its troubles have mounted, the school has suspended new classes and begun overhauling its curriculum, executives said. One priority is finding a way to inject more of Mr. Trump into the program.
Photo
“The one thing is that they really wanted me involved, instead of the teachers,” Mr. Trump said in an interview last week.
In interviews, several former students said they felt betrayed by the real estate mogul and his school, especially after investing tens of thousands of dollars in what they thought was to be a comprehensive education.
“They lure you in with false promises,” said Patricia Murphy, 57, of the Bronx, who is among the former students suing Mr. Trump, whose suit makes similar claims. She said she had spent about $12,000 on Trump University classes, much of it paid with credit cards, in the hope of escaping her career as a part-time teacher and becoming a real estate investor.
Her instructors said they would introduce her to banks, help her secure loans and walk her, step by step, through deals, she recalled. “They did none of that,” she said. “I was scammed.”
Mr. Sorial said the school was looking into Ms. Murphy's claims.
Carmen Mendez, 59, a public school teacher in Brooklyn, wrote to the Better Business Bureau in 2009 about her disappointment with the school — and with Mr. Trump. She said she had dipped into her retirement savings to pay nearly $35,000 for the classes, because “Mr. Trump is a very respectable person, and I thought that Trump University was a real institution,” she said in the letter to the Better Business Bureau.
An instructor promised her, she wrote, that the school guaranteed financial assistance to buy e real estate. But once she had enrolled, Ms. Mendez wrote, she was refused such assistance. Because her credit cards were loaded with debt to pay for the classes, mortgage brokers told her she was ineligible for a loan, she said.
“I am writing because I want people to be aware that Trump University is not a real educational institution,” she told the Better Business Bureau. “Please advise other people so they do not lose their savings in these difficult days.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Sorial said that the school tried to offer Ms. Mendez a full refund more than six months ago. “She failed to return our numerous calls and e-mails,” he said.
While Americans are busy enjoying their summer holidays, the U.S. House Committee on Agriculture has been busy signing off on a bill that will destroy any likelihood of labeling genetically-modified foods. Known as “HR 1599” by the government and “The Mother of All Monsanto Protection Acts” or the “Deny Americans the Right to Know” Act (DARK Act) by the public, the bill is scheduled for possible approval as early as July 23.
According to the organization Food and Water Watch, if the bill is approved, it will:
-Override laws passed at the state level, such as the one passed by the state of Vermont, that require genetically-modified foods to be labeled
-Prevent states from passing legislation that require genetically-modified foods to be labeled
-Limit the ability of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to ever create a mandatory labeling law;
-Allow corporations like Monsanto to voluntarily disclose genetically-modified organisms or foods
-Allow companies like Monsanto to notify the FDA that they think the GMO food is “substantially equivalent” to organic or non-engineered versions of the same food
-Potentially allow corporations to include genetically-modified ingredients or foods in products labeled as “natural” foods
-Instruct the U. S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) to create a program for products marked as “non-GMO.” Some people fear that this will weaken the requirements of independent labeling that ensure foods do not contain genetically-modified organisms.
While the Democratic representative for Minnesota Collin Peterson claims that the bill satisfies consumers' desire to know where their food comes from and how it is produced, not everyone agrees.
Says Ronnie Cummings, the National Director of the Organic Consumers Association “H.R. 1599 doesn't come close to satisfying consumer demand for labeling. It creates the framework for a government-run voluntary labeling scheme, while shutting down states' rights to require mandatory labeling. Who in their right mind believes that corporations that spent hundreds of millions of dollars to keep labels off their GMO foods are suddenly going to voluntarily label them after this bill passes?” He adds that the approval of HR 1599 “would also guarantee the FDA never conducts independent, pre-market safety testing on GMO foods.”
Both statements by Chairman of the U.S. House Committee on Agriculture and Texas Representative K. Michael Conway as well as Minnesota Representative Collin Peterson indicate that genetically-modified organisms (GMOs) have been thoroughly tested and proven safe, even in the face of mounting research proving otherwise. GMOs have been linked to cancer, birth defects, and sterility.
Some genetically-modified foods contain increased amounts of pesticides like glyphosate. According to research by the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health there is a link between some pesticides and a significantly increased risk of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma—cancer of the lymphatic system. In this type of cancer, tumors of the lymph nodes or within the lymph system can form. According to the review of 44 studies, 80 active ingredients in 21 classes of chemicals, researchers found that exposure to glyphosate, the primary ingredient in Monsanto's Roundup pesticide, doubles the risk of this deadly cancer.
To find out how your government representative voted, check out the OCA's list.
Related
Exposure to Monsanto's Roundup Pesticide Doubles Cancer Risk
Is Monsanto Making Us Sterile?
Monsanto's Roundup Found in Animals with Birth Defects
Monday, Aug. 24, 2009. It was just after 8 a.m., and something was wrong in Apartment 307. The morning paper, wrapped in a yellow-green plastic bag, rested on the concrete walkway in front of the door. It should not have been there — not then, not that late in the morning. The apartment house manager looked at the paper, reached up to the door and rapped. Nothing.
Everyone in the 32-unit building knew the bespectacled 80-year-old man in unit 307 rose early, cracking his door and picking up his paper before many of his neighbors were even awake.
Some of them even knew his name: Joe Corbett.
They knew he was reclusive to the point that a whispered “hello” or a barely perceptible nod might be his only response to a greeting, that he could go years without speaking to a neighbor. They knew he walked everywhere — to the grocery store, to the library — in threadbare blue trousers and work shirts that made him look like a janitor.
Only a few knew his story, whispered snippets of things that had happened a long time ago. That he was a Fulbright Scholar with a genius-level IQ who killed a California hitchhiker. A prison escapee who came to Colorado and murdered the head of the Coors brewing empire in a botched kidnapping. A man once sought more urgently than any outlaw since John Dillinger. A man living out the last years of his life in a one-bedroom apartment, surrounded by the din of South Federal Boulevard.
The manager backed away from Apartment 307, descended to his ground-floor office and grabbed a key. A moment later, he slipped the key into the knob and turned it.
Tuesday, Feb. 9, 1960. A milk delivery man on his morning rounds pulled up to a narrow timber bridge over Turkey Creek and stopped, his path blocked by an International Travelall, its engine idling, its radio playing.
This wasn't just any station wagon, though. It belonged to Adolph Coors III, the 44-year-old chairman of the Golden brewery and the grandson of its founder — one of the state's best known and most influential citizens.
Blood spattered on a bridge railing and the discovery of a hat and pair of glasses belonging to Coors sparked a massive manhunt. The kidnapper mailed a ransom note to Coors' wife, Mary, instructing her to put together $500,000 and then take out a classified ad for a tractor in The Denver Post.
She got the money and bought the ad, but never heard from the kidnapper.
Within days, the investigation was focused on a man who drove a canary yellow 1951 Mercury seen in the area, a man who had been living in Capitol Hill for four years under the name of Walter Osborne.
A man who was really Joseph Corbett Jr., a 31-year-old convicted murderer who walked away from a minimum-security prison in California 4 1/2 years earlier. A man who vanished early the morning after Coors disappeared.
The Mercury turned up in New Jersey, abandoned and set ablaze. Detectives found that Corbett, using the name Osborne, had ordered handcuffs and shackles and guns through the mail, had bought a typewriter like the one used to write the ransom note.
Seven weeks after the murder, Corbett would be added to the FBI's 10 Most Wanted list, and a transcontinental international pursuit would unfold.
Before it ended, a man target shooting at a crude Douglas County dump would discover clothing and an engraved penknife belonging to Coors, and investigators would find his bones scattered in a forest.
Saturday, Oct. 29, 1960. Two detec-tives and an FBI agent closed in on the Maxine Hotel in Vancouver, British Columbia, where the landlady described a man believed to be Corbett staying in a room under the name Thomas C. Wainwright.
They had picked up Corbett's trail days earlier in Toronto, where they discovered an apartment he had rented and possessions he had left behind, including chains and padlocks and a paperback copy of Robert Traver's book “Anatomy of a Murder.”
Now, they knocked on the door, and when Corbett cracked it, they forced their way in.
“OK,” he said, “I give up.”
A little more than 13 months after Adolph Coors III met his fate on a dilapidated bridge, Corbett would face a Golden jury.
That jury would hear about Corbett's life as Walter Osborne, about the leg irons and handcuffs and guns, about the sightings of that yellow Mercury in the foothills south of Morrison, near the Coors ranch. That jury would deliberate for two days and take 12 ballots before convicting Corbett of first-degree murder.
Wednesday, Aug. 19, 2009. Ron Kirkman sat in his first-floor apartment in the middle of the day, passing the time with his door open. He caught a glimpse of Corbett, moving slowly, struggling to walk. Corbett had a look on his face that Kirkman later described as “despondent.”
“Hello, Mr. Corbett,” he called — his usual greeting.
Corbett, shuffling toward the mail room, acknowledged him with a nod and a grunt.
Kirkman didn't know Corbett had been diagnosed with cancer, but he'd seen his rapid deterioration in recent weeks, seen him the day several people had to help him across the street to the steps outside, where he sat and caught his breath before climbing the stairs to his apartment.
Kirkman was one of the few people living in the complex who knew the quiet, bespectacled man in Apartment 307 had killed Adolph Coors III in one of Colorado's most notorious crimes.
And yet, he never passed judgment on Corbett.
“I couldn't have asked for a better neighbor,” Kirkman would later say. “I am going to miss him — I really am.”
Corbett was alone in the world, in a prison he created. He had no family left, to speak of. His cousin, Gordon Myers, who tried years earlier to help him get back on his feet, had no contact with him in nearly 30 years.
“I would like to have, but he didn't seem very interested,” Myers said.
Friday, Dec. 12, 1980. Joe Corbett walked out the front gate of the Cañon City prison. Again.
Corbett was originally released on parole in July 1979 after serving a little less than 19 years for Coors' murder. He immediately boarded a plane for San Francisco, where he had a place to live, then flew back to Denver the next day to close his bank account — a violation of the terms of his parole.
For three days, officials wrung their hands, unsure where Corbett was, before he turned himself in. He was sent back to prison.
Over the ensuing months, as he applied again for release, the public debated whether he should be given another chance. Prosecutors and even Gov. Dick Lamm questioned the wisdom of allowing a two-time convicted killer back into society.
Finally, more than 17 months after his first taste of freedom, Corbett was moved to Denver and ordered to spend five years on supervised parole. He found work first in a manufacturing plant and then as a truck driver for the Salvation Army.
And although he was fastidious in his appointments with his parole officer, he also exhibited two very different sides to his personality.
“I knew him as intellectually very, very sharp,” Ron Olson said. “Emotionally, very immature. High strung. Excitable.”
Monday, Feb. 5, 1996, and Wednesday, Feb. 7, 1996. Over the years, reporters tried to get Corbett to talk, to tell his story. But he was elusive, and closed-mouth.
More than once, a writer stood in front of the door at Apartment 307, notebook in hand, suspecting that Corbett was behind those drawn shades, ignoring the knocks.
Only in 1996 did he open the door, for Denver Post reporters Paul Hutchinson and Marilyn Robinson.
He expressed a fascination with the 1932 kidnapping of Charles Lindbergh's baby, talked of the hostility he felt from some strangers, and denied — again — any involvement in the Coors murder.
“It would be futile to retry the case now,” he said. “What's the point? It just goes against all my instincts, all my conditioning, to say anything at all now that would add to my notoriety.”
Monday, Aug. 24, 2009. Mark John-sen, the manager at the Royal Chateau Apartments where Corbett lived for more than 25 years, turned the knob and pushed open the green-trimmed door on unit 307.
In the bedroom, he encountered a shocking scene.
Corbett lay in bed, motionless. He had a single gunshot wound to his head. A pistol lay nearby.
Johnsen called 911. Paramedics, police officers and firefighters swarmed the apartment complex.
They confirmed the obvious. At 8:28 a.m., Joe Corbett was pronounced dead.
He left no note and no one to claim his body.
Additional research conducted by Denver Post librarians Vickie Makings, Barry Osborne and Jan Torpy.
Corbett no stranger to running from law
Oct. 25, 1928: Joseph Corbett Jr. is born in Seattle.
June 7, 1949: Corbett's mother, Marion, falls from a balcony where the railing had been removed. She dies five days later.
Dec. 21, 1950: Corbett shoots and kills a hitchhiker near Hamilton Air Force Base north of San Francisco.
March 15, 1951: Corbett pleads guilty to second-degree murder; a judge sentences him to five years to life.
Aug. 1, 1955: Corbett sneaks out of his dorm at a minimum- security prison and disappears.
Late 1955: Corbett arrives in Denver, adopts the name Walter Osborne and eventually lands a job at the Benjamin Moore paint plant north of downtown.
April 1, 1956: Corbett moves into a third-floor apartment at 1435 Pearl St.
June 8, 1957: Corbett orders a pistol through the mail, one of several guns he purchased.
Feb. 24, 1959: Corbett orders four pairs of leg irons.
May 1, 1959: Three pairs of handcuffs are shipped to Corbett.
Jan. 8, 1960: Corbett buys a yellow 1951 Mercury.
Jan. 25, 1960: Corbett is ticketed about 3 miles from Morrison while driving the yellow Mercury.
Feb. 9, 1960: Adolph Coors III leaves his Morrison-area home, headed to the family's brewery. His vehicle is later found idling on a narrow bridge. Detectives find blood and Coors' hat and glasses in the creek below.
Feb. 10, 1960: Corbett moves out of his Capitol Hill apartment and vanishes. The same day, Mary Coors receives a ransom note instructing her to come up with $500,000 and to place an ad for a tractor in The Denver Post's classified section once she has the money.
Feb. 14, 1960: The Coors family places the ad, offering a John Deere tractor for sale.
Feb. 17, 1960: Corbett's yellow 1951 Mercury is discovered ablaze near Atlantic City, N.J.
March 30, 1960: The FBI places Corbett on its 10 Most Wanted List.
Sept. 11, 1960: The bones of Adolph Coors III are discovered in Douglas County. Experts conclude he was shot twice in the back.
Oct. 25, 1960: FBI agents pick up Corbett's trail in Toronto, where he again used the name Walter Osborne.
Oct. 29, 1960: Corbett is arrested in Vancouver, British Columbia.
March 13, 1961: Corbett's murder trial opens in Golden.
March 29, 1961: The jury returns a guilty verdict, meaning a life sentence.
June 15, 1978: Corbett is granted parole.
July 6, 1978: Corbett's parole is revoked after a public outcry.
July 5, 1979: Corbett is granted parole again.
July 10, 1979: Corbett is released and flies to California.
July 11, 1979: Corbett flies back to Colorado to close a bank account.
July 15, 1979: Corbett is arrested in California for violating parole by returning to Colorado.
July 31, 1979: Corbett's parole is revoked.
Dec. 12, 1980: Corbett is paroled yet again. He rents an apartment at 2801 S. Federal Blvd.
Dec. 12, 1985: Corbett is released from supervision.
Aug. 24, 2009: Corbett is found dead in his southwest Denver apartment, a victim of suicide.
CLOSE A Penn State University fraternity pledge had toxic levels of alcohol in his body and was badly injured in a series of falls, authorities said in announcing criminal charges against 18 members of the organization and the fraternity itself. (May 5) AP
Jim and Evelyn Piazza stand by as Centre County District Attorney Stacy Parks Miller, left, announces the results of an investigation into the death of their son Timothy Piazza, seen in photo at right, a Penn State University fraternity pledge, during a press conference Friday, May 5, 2017, in Bellefonte, Pa. Timothy Piazza had toxic levels of alcohol in his body and was badly injured in a series of falls, authorities said Friday in announcing criminal charges against members of the organization and the frat itself. (Photo11: Abby Drey, AP)
Note: Some of the following grand jury testimony is graphic in nature. Read the entire grand jury report on desktop at the bottom of this article.
STATE COLLEGE, Pa. — Through grand jury testimony, police questioning and a review of Beta Theta Pi's complex video surveillance system, authorities have put together a harrowing narrative of the last hours of Timothy Piazza's life, from when he began the hazing ritual at the Penn State University fraternity, his fall down 15 feet of basement stairs to the 911 call for help the following morning and the desperate attempts by doctors to save his life.
The grand jury report released Friday also details Piazza's medical condition and a doctor's conclusion that he had consumed "a life-threatening amount of alcohol."
A doctor calculated that Piazza's blood-alcohol content at the time he fell down the stairs was between .28 and .36 percent. The legal limit for driving while intoxicated is .08 percent.
Read more:
The report also said that doctors concluded Piazza suffered from "multiple traumatic brain injuries," including a fractured skull and a lacerated spleen, which resulted in 80 percent of his blood supply in his abdominal cavity.
At 9:21 p.m. Feb. 2, the fraternity's video surveillance system captured Piazza wearing khakis, a button-down shirt and a sports jacket, the required uniform for pledges to Beta Theta Pi. He was about to run "the gauntlet," one of the fraternity's initiation rituals.
Timothy Piazza, center, with his parents Evelyn Piazza, left, and James Piazza, right, during Hunterdon Central Regional High School football's "Senior Night" at the high school's stadium in Flemington, N.J. (Photo11: Patrick Carns, AP)
The cameras recorded Piazza drinking vodka and beer shortly thereafter, and an hour later, needing help to walk from an area near the basement stairs to a couch, staggering and hunched over.
He's later seen trying unsuccessfully to open the front door, then “severely staggering drunkenly toward the basement steps” at about 10:45 p.m., the grand jury report said.
He was subsequently found at the bottom of the steps after apparently falling face-first. Four fraternity brothers carried his limp body back upstairs, where some poured liquid on him, and another slapped him three times in the face, the grand jury said.
At another point, one fraternity brother tackled another, landing on top of Piazza.
One time, when Piazza rolled off a couch, three fraternity brothers picked him up and "slammed him" back on the couch, according to the grand jury report.
Fraternity members put a backpack containing textbooks on him so he would not suffocate on his own vomit, the jury wrote.
Jim and Evelyn Piazza stand by as Centre County District Attorney Stacy Parks Miller announces the results of an investigation into the death of their son Timothy Piazza, seen in photo at right, a Penn State University fraternity pledge, during a press conference on Friday. (Photo11: Joe Hermitt, AP)
When a fraternity brother insisted Piazza needed medical help, he was confronted and shoved into a wall, the report said. When the same brother insisted again that Piazza required help, he was told others were biology and kinesiology majors so his opinion wasn't as valuable as theirs, the jury said.
Piazza tried to get up around 3:20 a.m. but fell backward and hit his head on the wood floor, the report said. He fell onto a stone floor at 5 a.m. Fifteen minutes later, a fraternity member went downstairs for a drink of water. He stepped over Piazza, looked at him, went to the kitchen, then returned upstairs.
A little later, another brother went downstairs for a drink of water and walked Piazza to another room. But Piazza fell down three steps and the fraternity brother stepped over him and left him there.
Another pledge testified before the grand jury that he woke up at about 7 a.m. and saw Piazza on a couch. He heard Piazza groaning, and eventually he saw Piazza roll off the couch and land on the floor. The pledge took a video of Piazza on the floor and posted it on Snapchat.
The Beta Theta Pi fraternity house on Penn State University campus on May 5. On Friday, 18 boys from the Beta Theta Pi fraternity were charged for their role in the death of Timothy Piazza earlier this year. (Photo11: Haley Nelson, AP)
As he continued to groan, Piazza got to his knees and placed his head in his hands as if, in the pledge's words, he had "a really bad headache."
Other fraternity brothers discovered Piazza in the basement at about 10 a.m.
“Timothy was lying on his back with his arms clenched tight at his sides and his hands in the air,” jurors wrote. “His chest was bare, his breathing heavy and he had blood on his face.” He felt cold to the touch, his skin was pale and his eyes were half-open, according to the grand jury report.
During the next 42 minutes, fraternity brothers shook him, tried to prop him up, covered him with a blanket, wiped his face and tried to dress him but were unsuccessful "due to the stiffness of Timothy's body."
An analysis of a fraternity brother's cellphone found that during that time he searched the phrases "falling asleep after head injury," "cold extremities in drunk person" and "binge drinking, alcohol, bruising or discoloration, cold feet and cold hands."
Piazza was pronounced dead at 1:20 a.m. Feb. 4 in the surgical Intensive Care Unit of Hershey Medical Center.
The Associated Press contributed to this article.
Read or Share this story: https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2017/05/06/shocking-final-hours-timothy-piazzas-life/312187001/
Former Fox News host Bill O'Reilly secretly settled a sexual harassment allegation with a network contributor for a whopping $32 million — by far the largest of six similar agreements that eventually led to his firing, a report has revealed.
O'Reilly agreed to the settlement back in January with the right-wing network's longtime legal analyst Lis Wiehl, who had worked with the outspoken host, The New York Times reported Saturday, adding that Fox renewed his contract in February with a hefty wage of $25 million per year, despite knowledge of the settlement.
In a brief interview on Saturday following publication of the story, O'Reilly refused to discuss details of the settlement with Wiehl, citing a confidentiality agreement, claiming that he agreed to the deal “to protect my children from the horror” of continuing adverse publicity.
According to the report, Wiehl alleged that O'Reilly had repeatedly harassed her, had engaged in “a nonconsensual sexual relationship” with her, and had sent homosexual pornography and other sexually explicit material to her, the paper said.
Demonstrators rally against Bill O'Reilly outside Fox News in April 2017. (File photo)
O'Reilly spokesman Mark Fabiani, however, released an affidavit on Saturday showing that, as part of the settlement deal, Wiehl stated, “We have since resolved all of our issues” and that she would “no longer make the allegations” contained in a draft complaint against O'Reilly that she had drawn up months before.
O'Reilly was sacked in April by Fox News's parent company, 21st Century Fox, after the Times revealed that he had also settled with five former colleagues who had alleged harassment by him over a period of more than a decade.
However, neither Fox nor 21st Century acknowledged the settlement with Wiehl at the time O'Reilly was fired.
If the reported figure is accurate, the latest settlement exceeds all of the previous agreements between O'Reilly and his accusers. The five settlement deals reportedly amounted to $13 million, and included a 2004 payment by O'Reilly to a former Fox producer named Andrea Mackris for $9 million.
Fox re-signed O'Reilly about seven months after a sexual harassment scandal involving its chairman and co-founder, Roger Ailes, exploded in July of 2016.
At the time, the company had claimed to have adopted internal measures to root out and address complaints of employee harassment.
Thus have I heard:
On one occasion the Blessed One was living in the Maha-vana (great wood) near the city of Kapilavatthu in the province of the Sakyans together with a great retinue of monks, all of them arahants, and five hundred in number. Devas (gods) from ten thousand world-systems frequently assembled for the purpose of seeing the Blessed One and the bhikkhu-sangha (ordained monks).
Then to four devas of the Suddhavasa (pure Abodes) brahma world, this thought occurred: "The Blessed One is living in the Mahavana near the city of Kapilavatthu in the province of the Sakyans with a great retinue of monks, all of them arahants, and five hundred in number. Devas are frequently assembling there for the purpose of seeing the Blessed One and the bhikkhu-sangha. It is well if we were also to repair to the place where the Blessed One is, and each of us recite a stanza in his presence."
Then those devas as quickly as a strong man might stretch out his arm, or bend his out-stretched arm, vanished from the pure abodes, and appeared before the Blessed One, saluted him, and stood beside him. So standing one of the devas recited this stanza in his presence:
1. "There is a great assembly in the forest. A host of devas has assembled. We have come to this dhamma-assembly to see the invincible[1] sangha."
Then another deva recited this stanza in the presence of the Blessed One:
2. "The monks in this (assembly[2]) have collected their thoughts, and made their minds upright. The wise (monks) guard their senses even as a charioteer holds the reins."
Then another deva recited this stanza in the presence of the Blessed One:
3. "Having cut off the stake, having dug up the cross-bar (of lust, hate, and delusion), devoid of desire, they go their way, pure, stainless, with vision clear, and well tamed, these young arahants move about like elephants."[3]
Then another deva recited this stanza in the presence of the Blessed One:
4. "They who go for refuge to the Buddha shall not go to evil state of existence; but will quit the human body and fill the ranks of the devas."
The Blessed One then addressed the monks: "Often, monks, devas from the ten world-systems foregather to see the Tathagata (the Buddha) and the monks, the community of bhikkhus. Devas have assembled before the consummate (arahanto), supreme Buddhas of the past; devas will appear before the consummate, supreme Buddhas of the future as they do assemble now before me. I will tell you, monks, the names of the host of devas, I will reveal the names of the host of devas. Listen, pay attention. I will speak." "Yes, Venerable Sir," said the monks by way of assent. The Blessed One said this:[4]
5-6. "In measured speech[5] I will give utterance. The terrestrial devas remain in their realm. Those bent on meditation frequent rocky clefts. Well composed they (arahants) live like solitary lions overcoming the fear that causes hair to stand on end, with immaculate minds, pure, serene, and undefiled."
7. Knowing that there were in the forest, near the city of Kapilavatthu, five hundred and more disciples, delighted in the word of the Buddha, the Master thereupon addressed them:
8. "Monks, hosts of devas have assembled. Do know them well." And they (the monks) hearing the word (sasanam) of the Buddha, strove ardently (to see and know them).
9. There arose in them knowledge of perceiving the non-humans. Some saw one hundred, some thousand non-humans (devas and brahmas), and others seventy thousand non-humans.
10. Some saw one hundred thousand non-humans, others saw countless numbers, every quarter being filled with them.
11. Thereupon the seeing One (the Buddha) knowing all things through super knowledge, addressed the disciples delighted in the word of the Buddha:
12. "Monks, host of devas have assembled. I will announce them to you in words, and in due order. Know ye them.
13. "Seven thousand terrestrial yakkhas[6] of Kapilavatthu possessed of iddhi (super normal) power, radiant, comely, and followed by a retinue of attendants,[7] have come rejoicing to the forest to see[8] the assembly of (arahant) monks.
14. "Six a thousand Yakkhas from the Himalayan mountain, diverse in hue, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and followed by a retinue of attendants, have come rejoicing to this forest to see the assembly of monks.
15. "Three a thousand Yakkhas from the Sata's mountain (satagira), diverse in hue, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and followed by a retinue of attendants, have come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
16. "Thus sixteen thousand Yakkhas, diverse in hue, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and followed by a retinue of attendants, have come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
17. "Five hundred Yakkhas from the Vessamitta mountain, diverse in hue, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and followed by a retinue of attendants, have come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
18. "Kumbhira of Rajagala town, having his dwelling on Vepulla's Mountain, with more than a hundred thousand Yakkhas in his train, has come to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
19-20. "Dhatarattha, King of the East, adviser to the Eastern clime, and Chief of the Gandhabbas, followed by a retinue of attendants, and with his many mighty sons (devaputtas), Inda their names, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and with a retinue, has come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
21-22. "Virulha, King of the South, adviser to the Southern clime, and Chief of the Kumbhandas, followed by a retinue of attendants, and with his many mighty sons, Inda their names, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and with a retinue of attendants, has come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
23-24. "Virupakkha, King of the West, adviser to the Western clime, and Chief of the Nagas, followed by a retinue of attendants, and with his many mighty sons, Inda their names, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and with a retinue of attendants, has come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
25-26. "Kuvera, King of the North, adviser to the Northern clime, and Chief of the Yakkhas, followed by a retinue of attendants, and with his many mighty sons, Inda their names, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and with a retinue of attendants, has come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
27-28. "Dhatarattha over the East, to the South Virulhaka, Westward Virupakkha, Kuvera over the North — these four great Kings stood illuminating the four quarters of the forest in the vicinity of Kapilavatthu.
29. "With them came their crafty, deceitful, cunning slaves: enticing Kutendu, Vetendu, Vitucca, and Vituda.
30. "And (also the slaves) Candana, Kamasettha, Kinnughandu, and Nighandu. There also came Panada and Opamanna and Matali charioteer of the Devas.
31. "Citta and Sena, the Ghandhabbas, Nala (kara), Janesabha (Janavasabha, Pañcasikha, the Devas, Timbaru, the Gandhabba, and Suriyavaccasa (the daughter of Timbaru) also came.
32. "Along with these (Gandhabba) kings, other Gandhabba kings too, have come rejoicing with each other to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
33. "Then came the (divine) Nagas of the (lake Nabhasa), those of the Naga realm Visali together with the Nagas named Tacchaka. Also came Nagas of Kambala and Assatara and Payaga accompanied by their relatives.
34. "Nagas from Yamuna, and those of the race of Dhatarattha came with their retinue of attendants, and Eravana, the great Naga too, came to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
35. "Those birds (harpies, garula or suppana) who carry away Nagas by force, endowed with divine power, and twice born,[9] with clear eyes (keen of sight), have flown into the middle of the forest from the sky — Citra and Supanna are their names.
36. "At that time the Naga king (with other Nagas) were free from fear. The Buddha vouchsafed his protection to the Nagas from the harpies (suppana). Entreating one another with gentle words, the Nagas and Suppanas (harpies) took refuge in the Buddha.
37. "The Asuras dwelling in the ocean were defeated by Vajirahattha (Sakka). They are brethren of Vasavassa (Sakka)[10] possessed of iddhi power, and are followed by a retinue of attendants.
38. "The terrible Kalakanjas, the Danaveghasas, Vepacitti, Sucitti, and Paharada — all Asuras have also come with Namuci (the Vasavatti Mara, the Evil One).
39. "Hundreds of the sons of Bali, all of them named after Veroca (that is their uncle Rahu), with an armed host of warriors, approached Rahu (Asurendra, the lord of Asuras), and said: 'Lord, it is time to go to the forest to see the assembly of monks.'
40. "The Devas Apo and Pathavi, Tejo, and Vayo[11] have also come to the forest, and the Devas Varuna, Varuna, and Soma with Yasa.
41-42. "There also came the Devas Metta-kayika and Karunakayika[12] followed by their attendants. These ten groups of Devas of diverse hue, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and with a retinue of attendants, have come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
43. "The Devas Venhu, Sahali, Asama, the two Yama, (ka), and those who attend on the Moon god came preceded by him.
44. "Those Devas attending on the Sun god too, came preceded by him. Those Devas attending the Planets came preceded by them. The Devas of the rain clouds too, came.
45. "Also came Sakka, the chief of gods, who is also called Vasava and Purindada. Also those ten groups of Devas of diverse hue, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and with a retinue of attendants, have come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
47. "Then too, came the Deva Sahabhu, shining like unto a flame of fire, the Devas Aritthaka, Roja, and Ummapupphanibha.
48-49. "There came also the Devas Varuna Sahadhamma, Accuta and Anojaka, Suleyya, Rucira, and Vasavanesi. All those ten groups of Devas of diverse hue, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and with a retinue of attendants, have come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
50. "The Devas Samana, Mahasamana, Manusa, Manusuttama, Khiddapadusika, and Manopadusika all have come.
51. "Then came the Devas Hari, those of Lohita, Paraga, and Maha-paraga with their retinue of attendants.
52. "All those ten groups of Devas of diverse hue, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and with a retinue of attendants, have come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
53. "There also came the Devas Sukha, Karumha, Aruna with Veghanasa. The Deva Odatagayha, Pamokkha, and Vicakkhana alos came.
54. "Sadamatta, Haragaja, mighty Missaka and Pajjuna, who causes rain to pour in every direction, came thundering.
55. "All these ten groups of Devas of diverse hue, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and with a retinue of attendants, have come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
56. "The Devas Khemiya, Tusita, Yama, the mighty Katthaka, Lambhitaka, Lamasettha, Joti, and Asava also came.
57-58. "There also came the Devas Nimmanarati, and Paranimmita (Vasavatthi). All these ten groups of Devas of diverse hue, possessed of iddhi power, radiant, comely, and with a retinue of attendants, have come rejoicing to the forest to see the assembly of monks.
59. "These sixty (six of ten groups, indicated in the order of Apo Deva, etc.) Devas of diverse hue, according to their name and class, have come with others (similar in name and class).
60. (These Devas came saying:) "'Let us see (the Sangha, the arahant monks), who have outlived birth, who have removed the stake (of lust, hate, and delusion), who have crossed the four currents or streams (of sense-pleasures, becoming, wrong views and ignorance),[13] free from taints. (Let us also see the Buddha) who has crossed the streams, who is called Naga (in the sense of one who commits no evil)[14] and shining like the unclouded moon.'
61. "The Brahmas Subrahma and Paramatta, came (with other Brahmas) who are possessed of iddhi power, and sons (disciples of the Buddha). The Brahmas Sanankumara and Tissa also came to the forest (to see the assembly of monks).
62-63. "There is born a Mahabrahma (for every Brahma world) excelling other Brahmas, mighty in power, with a formidable stature, and of great glory. Among them, ten chief Brahmas, lords over their retinues have come, and in the midst of them with all his attendants came Brahma Harita.
64. "When all the Devas headed by Inda (Sakka), and all Brahmas headed by Haritta had come, there came the host of Mara. Lo! The folly of Mara, the Murky One, (Kanha).[15]
65. "'Come on, seize them, bind them, let them all be bound by lust, surrounded on every side, suffer not anybody to escape' (Thus Vasavatti Mara gave order).
66-67. "Mara thus striking the earth with his palm and thereby producing a dreadful sound as when a storm cloud thunders and causes lightning during rainy season, sent his black army to the midst of the Devas. Nevertheless, unable to bring the Devas under his sway, he filled with anger. He recoiled.
68. "Then the Seeing One (the Buddha) knowing perfectly well what had transpired, addressed his disciples who take delight in the word of the Buddha.
69. "'Monks, the host of Mara have come (and gone). Know them (beware of them).' And they (non-arahants) hearing the word of the Buddha, strove (to gain Deliverance) from their defilements. (From the passion-free arahants) the army of Mara has departed; even so much as a hair in them (arahants) was not affected.
70. "All those disciples (monks) are victors in the war of passions; they are free from fear, glorious, and renowned among mankind. They live rejoicing with Aryan disciples." (Praising thus Mara departed.)
First global portrait of greenhouse gases emerges from pole-to-pole flights
Press Release From: National Center for Atmospheric Research
Posted: Wednesday, September 7, 2011
BOULDER--A three-year series of research flights from the Arctic to the Antarctic has successfully produced an unprecedented portrait of greenhouse gases and particles in the atmosphere, scientists announced today. The far-reaching field project, known as HIPPO, is enabling researchers to generate the first detailed mapping of the global distribution of gases and particles that affect Earth's climate.
The series of flights, which come to an end next week, mark an important milestone as scientists work toward targeting both the sources of greenhouse gases and the natural processes that draw the gases back out of the atmosphere.
"Tracking carbon dioxide and other gases with only surface measurements has been like snorkeling with a really foggy mask," says Britton Stephens, a scientist with the National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR) and one of the project's principal investigators. "Finally, HIPPO is giving us a clear view of what's really out there."
"With HIPPO, we now have views of whole slices of the atmosphere," says Steven Wofsy, HIPPO principal investigator and atmospheric and environmental professor at Harvard University's School of Engineering and Applied Sciences. "We've been quite surprised by the abundance of certain atmospheric components and the locations where they are most common."
The three-year campaign has relied on the powerful capabilities of a specially equipped Gulfstream V aircraft, owned by the National Science Foundation (NSF) and operated by NCAR. The research jet, known as the High-performance Instrumented Airborne Platform for Environmental Research (HIAPER), has a range of about 7,000 miles (11,000 kilometers). It is outfitted with a suite of specially designed instruments to sample a broad range of atmospheric constituents.
The flights have helped scientists compile extraordinary detail about the atmosphere. The research team has studied air samples at different latitudes during various seasons from altitudes of 500 feet (150 meters) above Earth's surface up to as high as 45,000 feet (13,750 meters), into the lower stratosphere.
HIPPO, which stands for HIAPER Pole-to-Pole Observations, brings together scientists from organizations across the nation, including NCAR, Harvard University, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Scripps Institution of Oceanography, the University of Miami, and Princeton University. NSF, which is NCAR's sponsor, and NOAA are funding the project.
Surprises on the way to a global picture
The first of the five HIPPO missions began in January 2009. Two subsequent missions were launched in 2010, and two in 2011. The final mission comes to an end on September 9, as the aircraft returns from the Arctic to Anchorage and then to its home base at NCAR's Research Aviation Facility near Boulder.
Each of the missions took the research team from Colorado to Alaska and the Arctic Circle, then south over the Pacific to New Zealand and near Antarctica. The flights took place at different times of year, resulting in a range of seasonal snapshots of concentrations of greenhouse gases. The research was designed to help answer such questions as why atmospheric levels of methane, a potent greenhouse gas, have tripled since the Industrial Age and are on the rise again after leveling off in the 1990s. Scientists also studied how logging and regrowth in northern boreal forests and tropical rain forests are affecting levels of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere. Such research will provide a baseline against which to evaluate the success of efforts to curb CO2 emissions and to enhance natural CO2 uptake and storage.
The team measured a total of over 80 gases and particles in the atmosphere.
One of HIPPO's most significant accomplishments has been quantifying the seasonal amounts of CO2 taken up and released by land plants and the oceans. Those measurements will help scientists produce more accurate estimates of the annual cycle of carbon dioxide in and out of the atmosphere and how the increasing amount of this gas is influenced by both the natural world and society.
The team also found that black carbon particles--emitted by diesel engines, industrial processes, and fires--are more widely distributed in the atmosphere than previously thought. Such particles can affect climate in various ways, such as directly absorbing solar radiation, influencing the formation of clouds or enhancing melt rates when they are deposited on ice or snow.
"What we didn't anticipate were the very high levels of black carbon we observed in plumes of air sweeping over the central Pacific toward the U.S. West Coast," says NOAA scientist Ryan Spackman, a member of the HIPPO research team. "Levels were comparable with those measured in megacities such as Houston or Los Angeles. This suggests that western Pacific sources of black carbon are significant and that atmospheric transport of the material is efficient."
Researchers were also surprised to find larger-than-expected concentrations of nitrous oxide high in the tropical atmosphere. The finding has significant environmental implications because the gas both traps heat and contributes to the thinning of the ozone layer. Nitrous oxide levels have been increasing for decades in part because of the intensive use of nitrogen fertilizer for agriculture. The abundance of the gas high in the tropical atmosphere may be a sign that storms are carrying it aloft from sources in Southeast Asia.
Balancing the carbon budget
The task of understanding how carbon cycles through the Earth system, known as "balancing the carbon budget," is gaining urgency as policymakers discuss strategies to limit greenhouse gases. Some countries or regions could be rewarded with carbon credits for taking steps such as preserving forests believed to absorb carbon dioxide.
"Carbon markets and emission offset projects are moving ahead, but we still have imperfect knowledge of where human-emitted carbon dioxide is ending up," NCAR's Stephens says.
Before HIPPO, scientists primarily used ground stations to determine the distribution of sources of atmospheric CO2 and "sinks" that reabsorb some of the gas back into the land and oceans. But ground stations can be separated by thousands of miles, which hinders the ability to measure CO2 in specific locations. To estimate how the gas is distributed vertically, scientists have had to rely on computer models, which will now be improved with HIPPO data.
// end //
More news releases and status reports or top stories.
Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
For the most part, the long-term unemployed look like the larger pool of unemployed Americans, both those newly out of work and those who've become discouraged by the job market, temporarily or permanently dropping out of the labor pool. But they look more like the population of employed Americans than do the newly unemployed.
They are older than the newly unemployed.
This chart (like those that follow) compares four populations: the long-term unemployed (people out of work 27 weeks or more), the newly unemployed (those unemployed for fewer weeks), those who've dropped out of the labor pool, and those with work. In this chart, the darker bars indicate older people.
The make-up of the long-term unemployed looks somewhat more like the population of employed people than other unemployed groups. A full one-fifth of the population is between 46 and 55 years old. Half as many long-term jobless people are under the age of 26 as among the newly unemployed. Which is part of the reason that they're harder to employ: older workers tend to have higher salaries when they lose their jobs.
Notice that the percentage of discouraged workers that is aged 56 to 65 (the darkest bar) is higher than for the long-term unemployed. Often, as North Carolina saw when it ended insurance for the long-term unemployed, older workers will leave the labor force.
They are more likely to be African-American.
While nearly two-thirds of the employed population is white, according to Mitchell, just under half of the population of the long-term unemployed are not. Particularly, the long term unemployed are about 50 percent more likely to be black than a member of the newly unemployed.
They are slightly better educated.
Compared to the newly unemployed group, the long-term unemployed are more likely to have a high school education — 64 percent of the long-term unemployed graduated from high school but not college, compared to 60 percent for the newly unemployed.
What's stark about this chart, though, is how the populations of the unemployed compare to that of the employed. Ninety-one percent of the employed have at least a high school education. One of the reasons that older people might be more likely to drop out of the workforce is that that, as a Senate report noted last spring, "workers in this age group are less likely to pursue additional job training and education." A 55-year-old isn't as likely to go get the college degree that would open more doors.
The long-term unemployed still constitute well over a third of the unemployed population in America. They're people who are less likely to be able to reenter the workforce — obviously — in part because they tend to be the sorts of workers that cost employers more money. But not, at this point, the United States government.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court SC ) on Friday refused to pass an interim order staying the linking of Aadhaar with mobile numbers and bank accounts , saying that it is leaving the issue to be decided on by a Constitution bench in the last week of November.At the same time though, the top court chastised banks and mobile telephone companies for creating panic by sending customers messages saying their accounts will be deactivated if they don't link them to Aadhaar.The Centre denied that such messages were being sent."I don't want to say in the presence of media people, but I also get (these) messages," said Justice AK Sikri, referring to the sometimes umpteen-a-day text messages threatening deactivation for not linking one's Aadhaar to one's bank account and mobile phone number.The top court asked these institutions to avoid scaring people in this manner, while it was hearing a plea from social activists to restrain the Centre from linking Aadhaar to bank accounts and mobile phone numbers until a Constitution bench decides its validity.Such a bench is expected to soon hear a bunch of petitions challenging the validity of Aadhaar on the ground that it violated citizens' right to privacy.The SC on Friday also asked the Centre to direct companies to mention in their text messages, the last date for linking their mobile numbers and bank accounts with Aadhaar.This statement from the SC came a day after the Centre told the apex court that all subscribers had to link their mobile phone numbers with Aadhaar by February 6 under E-KYC verification. The Centre also said on Thursday that showing proof of Aadhaar is mandatory for opening new bank accounts.The Centre further said on Thursday that it was the SC that had approved the norm for mandatory Aadhaar-mobile phone linkage - with a window of one year - in the Lokniti Foundation case on February 6.Earlier this week, while hearing a separate petition challenging the mandatory linking of mobile phones with Aadhaar, a two-judge bench of the SC had sought the government's response on the question in four weeks.
What effect will the political retribution scandal have on Gov. Chris Christie's future? As my colleague Michael Barbaro reports, Mr. Christie's no-nonsense image is in peril. But it remains unclear what effect this scandal will have on his political future.
A look at reaction from around the country to the scandal and to Mr. Christie's repeated apologies during his 107-minute news conference in Trenton.
In South Carolina, Gov. Nikki Haley said on Twitter and Facebook:
.@GovChristie did the right thing in taking responsibility in a tough situation. //t.co/0Fb2IkAr9i — Nikki Haley (@nikkihaley) 9 Jan 14
On Facebook, Ms. Haley posted:
I've watched my friend Gov. Christie work through a difficult situation today. He did the right thing in taking responsibility in a tough situation. That's the kind of leadership that earned him the huge level of trust he has in New Jersey.
When asked if Gov. Christie remained a top contender for the 2016 presidential nomination, John A. Boehner, the House speaker, said on Thursday, “I think so.”
In New Jersey, Representative Frank Pallone, a Democrat, said in a statement:
The actions by Governor Christie's administration that resulted in the lane closures on the nation's busiest bridge are disgraceful and represent the worst type of political retaliation and abuse of public trust. Governor Christie must come clean, take full responsibility and explain in detail exactly what occurred. Today's press conference served to raise more questions than it answered. All of the facts surrounding this incident must be put on the table immediately and any and all appropriate actions should be taken to hold everyone involved accountable.
From Staten Island, Rep. Michael Grimm, a Republican, came to Mr. Christie's defense, saying it is not surprising that people in the region deal with major traffic jams. “Why not call in an independent investigator and go through the emails?” he asked.
In a statement, Mr. Grimm said:
A Montreal police operation in Ahuntsic Friday led to arrests of six men suspected of soliciting prostitutes for sex.
Undercover police officers from the morality squad were responding to complaints of prostitution in the area, said Montreal police spokesperson Raphaël Bergeron.
Bergeron would not confirm the identity of the six clients arrested because they have not yet appeared in court.
However, according to La Presse, former Quebec Liberal Family Minister Tony Tomassi was arrested for approaching a prostitute — who turned out to be an undercover police officer posing as a prostitute — and soliciting sex from her.
The former minister was arrested in an operation in an area where motels are located on Lajeunesse St. in Ahuntsic.
Six clients face charges of solicitation of sexual favours. They were released on the promise to appear in municipal court in February.
Tomassi was elected to the National Assembly for the first time in 2003, under the banner of the Quebec Liberal Party. Re-elected twice, he represented the riding of LaFontaine for nine years.
Tomassi became family minister in 2008 under Jean Charest's government and was dismissed and expelled from the PLQ in May 2010 after revelations about his use of a credit card from the BCIA security firm that he used to refuel his personal vehicle.
In October 2011, he was formally charged with government fraud and breach of trust.
Tomassi resigned as MNA on May 3, 2012 after serving as an independent MNA for several months.
Introduction
Conventional wisdom says he's a long shot, but Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., today will announce he's running for president.
Sanders, known as a populist liberal and a self-described socialist, will run as a Democrat.
He's hoping to raise $50 million for his bid, Bloomberg reports — almost certainly far less than Democratic rival Hillary Clinton is expecting to pull in.
But it's still sizable sum for a U.S. senator from a small state who has traditionally leaned heavily on small-dollar donors.
Here's more on Sanders' financial history:
Since 2009, Sen. Bernie Sanders has raised about $7.6 million for his campaign committee. Most of it — more than 60 percent — came from small-dollar donors who gave $200 or less.
The metro area where Sanders raises the largest amount of money? Los Angeles-Long Beach — a long way from his Vermont home.
Sanders is one of a small number of senators who voluntarily e-file their campaign finance reports, making the reports easier to access.
Sanders has pushed campaign finance reform and called on Congress to overturn the Supreme Court's Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission decision, which he called “one of the worst in American history.”
Sanders' biggest annual fundraiser is usually a $25-per-person sunset cruise on Lake Champlain.
Sanders turned a fiery, hourslong filibuster against extending the Bush tax cuts into a book. During the 2012 election cycle, his campaign gave a copy to donors of at least $50.
Sanders reported receiving more than $26,000 in royalties from his filibuster-inspired book in 2011 and 2012. He said he donated the money to charity.
Sanders' estimated net worth, $330,507, makes him one of the nation's poorest senators, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Sanders — despite his big-money-in-politics opposition — is supported by a super PAC calling itself Ready for Bernie Sanders 2016. Perhaps appropriately, the super PAC hasn't reported raising any money yet.
Elect Bernie Sanders president and Ben & Jerry's could give out free cones every day — according to Funny or Die. But since that's a satire site, probably not.
Sanders' top five contributors since 2009 are all unions, with the Sheet Metal Workers Union giving him the most: $27,500.
Most of the money Sanders gets from political action committees — 69 percent — comes from union PACs.
Sources: Center for Public Integrity reporting and OpenSecrets.org
Time goes by faster and faster the older I get. Now that I have a little boy it seems like time has hit warp speed.
Cooper is literally growing up before my eyes. By the time I wrap my brain around the fact that he is making a new cooing noise he is suddenly laughing, smiling, and wiggling more than ever. I can't believe in a few short months he will be sitting up, crawling, and on the verge of walking and talking.
The time warp of motherhood has also overlapped into my projects. My spare time has greatly decreased and my productivity has gone down with it. I had no idea the amount of time this little guy would need. His unpredictable nap schedule was the only chance I had to work on my crafts, which is why this particular one is three months late. Better late than never, right? This is my new mantra.
While I was pregnant I began looking for the monthly stickers to use when photographing Cooper for his monthly pictures and update. Over the years I saw these stickers increase in popularity, and eventually they were clogging my Facebook wall and Instagram account. When it came time for me to select my own, I was over it. I had seen it too many times, I wanted something different. In my hormonal fog, pregnant state of mind I decided I would have plenty of time to put together a handmade sign to use for the photographs after Cooper made his entrance into the world.
Once Coop arrived my time was gone. If I wasn't feeding him or rocking him to sleep, I was half asleep trying to guess when he would wake up next and whether or not I had the energy to pick myself off the sofa and feed myself. This sequence would end with me ultimately deciding it was too much work to stand, I was more tired than hungry and the sofa was too comfortable to move. If I was too tired to eat, there was no way I was going to put time or effort into a craft project.
Once things began to settle down, and Cooper began to fall into a more predictable schedule, I started to feel like myself again. I was ready to do something other than binge watch TV. I started planning out his sign.
I had no idea what I wanted to create for his monthly updates. Everything I came up with I had seen before. I kept putting it off and putting it off out of lack of inspiration and time. One day while perusing Facebook I saw one of my friend's post a one month picture of her sweet son, Oscar. Next to him was a beautiful sign with his name on it, made out of a tree trunk round. On the back she put chalkboard paint to allow her to change information about him has he grows. I was immediately inspired, and highly motivated. Coop's three month birthday was on the horizon, and I was dead set on at least getting pictures for his 3, 6, 9, and 12 month birthdays.
For this project you will need a wood round, sander, paint (the colors are up to you!), chalkboard paint, paintbrushes, chalk, and a sharpie (not listed and optional). At the time my husband just happened to have three trees taken down on our property and he was hard at work chopping them up. I had him cut me a few rounds, approximately 1 inch thick. It took another week to start my project once I had my rounds cut, and when I finally set up to start I realized the rounds had cracked. I assume this happened because it was fresh wood. I chose the least damaged one and get to work.
The surface of my round was pretty rough because of the way it was cut, so my step 1 was taking a power sander to it. I never got it as smooth as I would have liked, the chalk goes down a little rough, but I made it work.
Next, I painted the chalkboard paint on one side. I used the natural pattern of the rings as a guide for the edge of my shape, and I chose to leave a natural wood border around the edge. I applied two coats of the chalkboard paint, allowing it to dry in between layers.
After the chalkboard paint dried I flipped the wood round over, and painted the back with a turquoise color. I wanted it to match his room, so I used leftover wall paint from painting the walls. Again, I used the natural ring pattern to create the edge of the shape and left a natural wood border.
Using a pencil I lightly wrote out his name in cursive. If you are not confident in your lettering ability, all you have to do is print out typed letters and trace them onto the surface.
I used a thin paintbrush and white acrylic paint to paint his name and outline the turquoise shape. It took a few coats to get the white solid enough to pop out against the background color.
Initially I planned to outline everything in black acrylic paint, but the details were too small to easily add them using a paintbrush. I instead opted for a black sharpie, and it worked perfectly. Because I was able to control the application of the sharpie more than paint, I was able to clean up the edges of his name and add small details to the border.
I used chalk to write “3 months” on the chalkboard for his first monthly photo shoot. I set up a white blanket over an arm chair and placed it near our backdoor where sunlight was coming in. I frantically shot picture after picture in between sticking a pacifier in his mouth, dancing around like a crazy person, and making odd sounds to keep him entertained.
I laid the blanket on the floor for a few of the pictures to allow him to move around more. I love that as he grows he will be able to start holding the sign by himself. I can't wait to look at how the pictures transition with him growing and the wood sign staying the same size.
Of course not every picture will be perfect, but I love this one just as much as the rest.
Thanks for taking the time to check out my blog! Keep checking back for more Cooper updates and hopefully more craft project how tos, as long as Coop and time allows. Help me spread the word about my blog by sharing on your social network site of choice. Thanks for stopping by!
[subscribe2]
As its name implies, Intrigue Publishing, LLC strives to publish books that intrigue the reader, that is, they will arouse the reader's curiosity with their unusual, new, fascinating and compelling qualities.
Intrigue Publishing, LLC is interested in crime drama and romance novels between 80,000 and 100,000 words in length and will accept young adult novels that are between 60,000 and 100,000 words in length. Intrigue does not accept literary fiction or non-fiction.
Intrigue pays royalties that are competitive in the industry and, on acceptance, an advance against royalties based on a book's commercial potential.
Intrigue is affiliated with the one of the largest worldwide distribution companies; Small Press United (A Independent Publishers Group Affiliate) and is always looking for more ways to get books into brick and mortar bookstores as well as through online bookstores. Our marketing efforts are based on the marketability of the author as well as the book. We build a strategic marketing plan that will give us the best avenues for giving the book and the author the best chance for success.
Intrigue Publishing, LLC accepts electronic submissions only. Manuscripts should be “attached” as a Word or .txt document, in Times New Roman or Arial font, double spaced with one-inch margins all around and a header that includes the authors name and page number. Authors interested in publishing with Intrigue should submit the first 50 pages (or to the end of that chapter if necessary) of their completed manuscript, a one-page synopsis, a short author's bio and a short discussion of the novel's target audience and any marketing or promotion ideas the author has. If you do not follow these guidelines your submission will not be accepted. If you would like to submit to Intrigue please send all of the above information, properly formatted to info@intriguepublishing.com.
KeePass 2.14 available!
KeePass 2.14 has been released today!
You can get it here: Download KeePass 2.14.
This is a stable release. It is recommended to upgrade from any previous 2.x version to 2.14.
Hash sums and OpenPGP signatures for integrity checking are available. The .NET assemblies are signed, public keys for verifying are available.
For a comparison of the current KeePass 1.18 and 2.14, see: Editions Comparison.
If you like KeePass, please don't forget to donate.
Changes from 2.13 to 2.14: New Features: Added option to lock after some time of global user inactivity.
Added option to lock when the remote control status changes.
Auto-type on Unix-like systems: added special key code support (translation to X KeySyms) and support for {DELAY X} and {DELAY=X} .
and . Added window activation support on Unix-like systems.
Auto-type on Windows: added {VKEY X} special key code (sends virtual key X).
special key code (sends virtual key X). Added support for importing DataVault 4.7 CSV files.
Added support for importing Revelation 0.4 XML files.
Added 'Auto-Type - Without Context' application policy to disable the 'Perform Auto-Type' command (Ctrl+V), but still leave global auto-type available.
Added option to collapse newly-created recycle bin tree nodes.
Added 'Size' column in the history list of the entry dialog.
Added trigger action to remove custom toolbar buttons.
Added kdbx:// URL scheme overrides (for Windows and Unix-like systems; disabled by default).
URL scheme overrides (for Windows and Unix-like systems; disabled by default). Added KeePass.exe.config file to redirect old assemblies to the latest one, and explicitly declare .NET 4.0 runtime support.
Added documentation for the ' -pw-enc ' command line parameter, the {PASSWORD_ENC} placeholder and URL overrides.
' command line parameter, the placeholder and URL overrides. Added workaround for ^/& .NET SendKeys issue. Improvements / Changes: New locking timer (using a timeout instead of a countdown).
Improved locking when the Windows session is being ended or switched.
Improved multi-database locking.
Separated the options for locking when the computer is locked and the computer is about to be suspended.
{FIREFOX} placeholder: added support for registry-redirected 32-bit Firefox installations on 64-bit Windows systems.
placeholder: added support for registry-redirected 32-bit Firefox installations on 64-bit Windows systems. File transactions: the NTFS/EFS encryption flag is now also preserved when the containing directory isn't encrypted.
The IPC channel name on Unix-like systems is now dependent on the current user and machine name.
KeePass now selects the parent group after deleting a group.
Entries are now marked as modified when mass-changing their colors or icons.
Key states are now queried on interrupt level.
A {DELAY=X} global delay now affects all characters of a keystroke sequence when TCATO is enabled, too.
global delay now affects all characters of a keystroke sequence when TCATO is enabled, too. Improved dialog closing when exiting automatically.
Plugin-provided entry list columns can now be right-aligned at KeePass startup already.
Removed KDBX DOM code.
Installer: the KeePass start menu shortcut is now created directly in the programs folder; the other shortcuts have been removed (use the Control Panel for uninstalling and the 'Help' menu in KeePass to access the help).
Various code optimizations.
Minor other improvements. Bugfixes: Quotes in parameters for the 'Execute command line / URL' trigger action are now escaped correctly.
Auto-type on Unix-like systems: window filters without wildcards now match correctly.
This is an excerpt out of my new Go Web Programming book that talks about using Go to process HTML forms sent from the browser. This sounds pretty trivial but as in much of web programming (and much of programming per se), it's often the trivial things that stumble us.
Before we get into getting form data from a POST request, let's take a closer look into HTML forms and see what they are. Most of the time, POST requests come in the form (pun intended) of a HTML form and often look like this:
<form action="/process" method="post"> <input type="text" name="first_name"/> <input type="text" name="last_name"/> <input type="submit"/> </form>
Within the form tag, we place a number of HTML form elements like text input, text area, radio buttons, checkboxes, file uploads and so on. These elements allow users to enter data to be submitted to the server. Data is submitted to the server when the user clicks a button or somehow triggers the form submission.
We know the data is sent to the server through a HTTP POST request, and is placed in the body of the request. But how is the data formatted? The HTML form data is always sent as name-value pairs but how are these name-value pairs formatted in the POST body? It is important for us to know this because as we receive the POST request from the browser, we need to be able to parse the data and extract the name-value pairs.
The format of the name-value pairs sent through a POST request is specified by the content type of the HTML form. This is defined using the enctype attribute like this:
<form action="/process" method="post" enctype="application/x-www-form-urlencoded"> <input type="text" name="first_name"/> <input type="text" name="last_name"/> <input type="submit"/> </form>
The default values for enctype is application/x-www-form-urlencoded but browsers are required to support at least application/x-www-form-urlencoded and multipart/form-data (HTML5 also supports a text/plain value).
If we set enctype to application/x-www-form-urlencoded , the browser will encode the HTML form data a long query string with the name-value pairs separated by an ampersand (&) and the name is separated from the values by an equal (=), that is the same as URL encoding, hence the name. In other words, the HTTP body will look something like this:
first_name=sau%20sheong&last_name=chang
If we set enctype to multipart/form-data , each name-value pair is converted into a MIME message part, each with its own content type and content disposition. For example, the same form data as above will now look something like this:
------WebKitFormBoundaryMPNjKpeO9cLiocMw Content-Disposition: form-data; name="first_name" sau sheong ------WebKitFormBoundaryMPNjKpeO9cLiocMw Content-Disposition: form-data; name="last_name" chang ------WebKitFormBoundaryMPNjKpeO9cLiocMw--
When would we use either one or the other? If we're sending simple text data, the URL encoded form is better as it is simpler, more efficient and less processing is needed. If we're sending large amounts of data, especially when uploading files the multipart-MIME form is better. We can even specify to do base64 encoding to send binary data as text.
So far we've only talked about POST requests, what about GET requests in a HTML form? HTML allows the method attribute to be either POST or GET, so this is also a valid format.
<form action="/process" method="get"> <input type="text" name="first_name"/> <input type="text" name="last_name"/> <input type="submit"/> </form>
In this case, there is no request body (GET requests have no request body), all the data are set in the URL as name-value pairs.
Now that we know how data is sent from a HTML form to the server, let's go back to the server and see how we use net/http to process the request.
Form
One way to extract data from the HTTP request is to extract data from the URL and the body in the raw form, which requires us to parse the data ourselves. However we normally do not need to, because the net/http library provides us with a rather comprehensive set of functions, although not named entirely correctly, normally provides us with all we need. Let's talk about each one of them in turn.
The functions in Request that allows us to extract data from the URL and/or the body revolve around the Form , PostForm and MultipartForm fields. The data are in the form of key-value pairs (which is what we normally get from a POST request anyway). The general algorithm is:
Call ParseForm or ParseMultipartForm to parse the request
or to parse the request Access Form , PostForm or MultipartForm accordingly
Let's take a look at some code.
package main import ( "fmt" "net/http" ) func process(w http.ResponseWriter, r *http.Request) { r.ParseForm() fmt.Fprintln(w, r.Form) } func main() { server := http.Server{ Addr: "127.0.0.1:8080", } http.HandleFunc("/process", process) server.ListenAndServe() }
The focus of this server is on these 2 lines:
r.ParseForm() fmt.Fprintln(w, r.Form)
As mentioned earlier, we need to first parse the request using ParseForm , and then access the Form field.
Let's take a look at the client that is going to call this server. We'll create a simple, minimal HTML form to send the request to the server. Place the code in a file named client.html .
<html> <head> <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" /> <title>Go Web Programming</title> </head> <body> <form action="http://127.0.0.1:8080/process?hello=world&thread=123" method="post" enctype="application/x-www-form-urlencoded"> <input type="text" name="hello" value="sau sheong"/> <input type="text" name="post" value="456"/> <input type="submit"/> </form> </body> </html>
In this form we are:
Sending the URL http://localhost:8080/process?hello=world&thread=123 to the server using the POST method
Specifying the content type (in the enctype field) to be application/x-www-form-urlencoded
Sending 2 HTML form key-value pairs – hello=sau sheong and post=456 to the server
Note that we have 2 values for the key hello . One of them is world in the URL and the other are sau sheong in the HTML form.
Open the client.html file directly in your browser (you don't need to serve it out from a web server, just running it locally on your browser is fine) and click on the submit button. What you will see on the browser is:
map[thread:[123] hello:[sau sheong world] post:[456]]
This is the raw string converted version of the Form struct in the POST request, after the request has been parsed. The Form struct is a map, which keys are strings and values are a slice of strings. Notice that the map is not sorted so you might get a different sorting of the returned values. Nonetheless what we get is the combination of the query values hello=world and thread=123 as well as form values hello=sau sheong and post=456 . As you can see, the values are URL decoded (there is a space between sau and sheong ).
PostForm
Of course if you wanted to just get the value to the key post, you can use r.Form["post"] which will give you a map with 1 element – [456] . If the form and the URL have the same key, both of them will be placed in a slice, with the form value always prioritized before the URL value.
What if we need just the form key-value pairs and want to totally ignore the URL key-value pairs? For this we have the PostForm , which only provides key-value pairs for the form and not the URL. If we change from using r.Form to using r.PostForm in the code this is what we get:
map[post:[456] hello:[sau sheong]]
We used application/x-www-form-urlencoded for the content type. What happens if we use multipart/form-data ? Make the change to the client HTML form, switch back to using r.Form and let's find out:
map[hello:[world] thread:[123]]
What happened here? We only get the URL query key-value pairs this time and not the form key-value pairs, because PostForm only supports application/x-www-form-urlencoded . To get multipart key-value pairs from the body, we need to use the MultipartForm.
MultipartForm
Instead of using ParseForm and then calling Form on the request, we have to use ParseMultipartForm then use MultipartForm on the request. ParseMultipartForm also calls ParseForm when necessary.
r.ParseMultipartForm(1024) fmt.Fprintln(w, r.MultipartForm)
We need to tell ParseMultipartForm how much data we want to extract from the multipart form, in bytes. Now let's see what happens:
&{map[hello:[sau sheong] post:[456]] map[]}
This time we see the form key-value pairs, but not the URL key-value pairs. This is because MultipartForm only contains the form key-value pairs. Notice that the returned value is no longer a map, but a struct that contains 2 maps. The first map has keys that are strings and values that are slices of string while the second map is empty. It's empty because it's a map with keys that are strings but values that are files.
There is one last set of functions that allows us to access the key-value pairs even easier than what we've just went through. The FormValue function allows us to access the key-value pairs just like in Form , except that it is for a specific key and we don't need to call ParseForm or ParseMultipartForm beforehand – the FormValue function does that for us.
From our previous example, this means if we do this in our handler function:
fmt.Fprintln(w, r.FormValue("hello"))
And we set the client's form enctype to application/x-www-form-urlencoded , we will get this:
sau sheong
We get only sau sheong because FormValue only retrieves the first value, even though we actually have both values in the Form struct. To prove this, let's add another line below the earlier line of code, like this:
fmt.Fprintln(w, r.FormValue("hello")) fmt.Fprintln(w, r.Form)
This time we'll see:
sau sheong map[post:[456] hello:[sau sheong world] thread:[123]]
The PostFormValue function does the same thing, except that it is for PostForm instead of Form. Let's make some changes to the code to use the PostFormValue function:
fmt.Fprintln(w, r.PostFormValue("hello")) fmt.Fprintln(w, r.PostForm)
This time we get this instead:
sau sheong map[hello:[sau sheong] post:[456]]
As you can see we get only the form key-value pairs.
Both FormValue and PostFormValue call ParseMultipartForm for us so we don't need to call it ourselves, but there's a slightly confusing gotcha that you should be careful with (at least as of Go 1.4). If we set the client form's enctype to be multipart/form-data and try to get the value using either FormValue or PostFormValue , we won't be able to get it even though MultipartForm has been called!
To be clearer, let's make some changes to the server's handler function again:
fmt.Fprintln(w, "(1)", r.FormValue("hello")) fmt.Fprintln(w, "(2)", r.PostFormValue("hello")) fmt.Fprintln(w, "(3)", r.PostForm) fmt.Fprintln(w, "(4)", r.MultipartForm)
This is our result from using our form with enctype set to multipart/form-data :
(1) world (2) (3) map[] (4) &{map[hello:[sau sheong] post:[456]] map[]}
The first line in the results gives us the value for hello that's found in the URL and not the form. The second line and third line tells us why, because if we just take the form key-value pairs, we actually get nothing. That's because FormValue and PostFormValue corresponds to Form and PostForm , and not MultipartForm . The last line in the results proves to us that ParseMultipartForm was actually called, that's why if we try to access the MultipartForm we'll get the data there.
We covered quite a bit in this blog post so let's recap how these functions are different, in a nice table.
Undoubtedly the naming convention leaves much to be desired!
Advertisements
Our welfare system must promote employment as well as providing a safety net
Last year Quartz reported that Amazon were testing a new range of robots which could potentially replace warehouse workers. Over 50,000 people work in Amazon Warehouses in the United States, and around 8,000 people in the UK, and their jobs are threatened by these technological advances.
Technological change is not only affecting jobs in the online tech industry. The service sector over the last few years has been hit hard. Automation has steamed ahead, with self-checkout machines in high street stores and delivery pick-up boxes now a part of daily life.
Automation and technological change have altered the world of work. We are entering a post-industrial age, where well-paid, secure blue collar work is no longer the norm. The next generation will have more insecure, less well-paid jobs with poor prospects for the future.
The changes we have seen in the world of work means we must all fundamentally re-think our approach to welfare. The current model of welfare, which involves a range of schemes from housing benefit to Jobseeker's Allowance and Working Tax Credits is no longer fit for purpose. These benefit schemes do not encourage people into work; rather, they contribute to a benefit trap.
As earned income rises, out-of-work benefits and in-work benefits are withdrawn, and often the rise in income is not enough to cover expenditure, which can be devastating for some families. What we must do is move forward with reform, building a welfare system which promotes employment and provides a sufficient safety net. A basic income could be the progressive answer.
An unconditional basic income is a non-means tested payment to individuals; a right that comes with citizenship. The model often promoted involves a monthly payment on an individual basis. This income would replace all existing state-provided cash benefits. The basic income would be paid tax-free, without any means testing, and the amount paid would vary with age – but no other conditions or terms would exist.
The basic income is superior to our current model, because it has the potential to reduce poverty and eliminate the unemployment trap created by our existing benefits system. It provides a safety net which adapts to the industrial and economic change currently occurring across Britain. It would also save money, due to the reduction in the amount of bureaucracy needed for the system to work.
The concept of basic income has existed since the late 1940s, and it has support from across the political spectrum. Economists as diverse as Friedrich Hayek to Tony Atkinson have publicly supported the idea. However, we must take into account the potential pitfalls in the implementation of a basic income; what may work in theory may not work perfectly in practice.
A major criticism of a universal basic income is that removing means-testing from our benefits system would be impractical, due to the cost of housing. Without means-testing, a flat-rate component must be in place if universal basic income is to allow people to rent accommodation. This will mean that those without significant housing expenses would gain more from a basic income; and worse still, those renting cheaper housing would receive a windfall gain.
This could also lead to regions like London being out of reach for those who rely heavily on their basic income. A possible solution to this problem would be to reduce the overall amount provided by basic income payments and retaining a housing benefit element in our social security system.
In the current political and economic climate, it is difficult to see a full universal basic income program being implemented. However, this must not stop the Labour Party from continuing to push forward a new vision for welfare. Finland's Kela (their social insurance institute) have begun preliminary study into exploring ways in which a universal basic income could be implemented.
Here in Britain, we should also be encouraging this form of research. It is of course likely that the results could lead to the formation of a totally new and alternative welfare model to that of basic income. Regardless, we must acknowledge the changing nature of work in Britain – basic income is among a range of alternative approaches we can pursue in building a modern welfare system that works for all.
Martin Edobor is a founding member of Consensus, a junior doctor and chair of the Young Fabians
URGENT APPEAL: We need to raise £10,000 in the next few weeks to keep holding the right to account. Help us build a better media and back the crowdfunder to keep Left Foot Forward's progressive journalism alive.
