Both of NASA's commercial space resupply companies are gearing up for launches this week. SpaceX and Orbital Sciences have contracts with NASA to deliver cargo to the International Space Station over the coming years, though each is at a different stage of the process.
Today, Orbital Sciences is rolling out its Antares rocket for the first time to the launch pad at NASA's Wallops Island Flight Facility on Virginia's coast. The company recently received approval to operate on the launch pad from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport that manages the launch facility. The Antares rocket builds upon Orbital Sciences family of rockets and uses surplus engines from the former Soviet Union that have been modified and converted by Aerojet. The Antares will boost the Cygnus spacecraft to the ISS.
Wallops Island is not as well known as other launch facilities such as Cape Canaveral in Florida, but the facility has been operating since 1945 and more than 16,000 rocket launches have taken place there. Most of the rockets have been much smaller, including countless research rockets designed to gather atmospheric information. The launch pads are next to the ocean, just a few dozen yards from the beach.
Orbital Sciences is a veteran of the space industry and will be using Wallops Island for its upcoming Commercial Orbital Transportation Services test flights as well as ongoing resupply missions once they have received approval from NASA. The company hopes to make its first test flight before the end of the year, and has numerous rocket launches under its belt, including small air-launched rockets as well as larger traditional rockets delivering satellites to orbit.
Further south at Cape Canaveral, SpaceX was busy over the weekend with the static fire test of its Falcon 9 rocket, scheduled to make its first contracted commercial cargo trip to the ISS on Sunday. During the test at Launch Complex 40 in Florida, the Falcon 9 successfully fired its nine Dragon Merlin engines on Saturday. The SpaceX team went through the entire launch process as if it were a normal launch and while firmly locked to the ground, the Falcon 9 engines went to full power for two seconds before being shut down.
The SpaceX team is currently reviewing the data from the static fire, and if everything looks good the company will launch at 8:35 p.m. ET on Sunday. Should something cause a delay, SpaceX has backup launch times on Monday and Tuesday.
The Miami Heat have had their share of impressive nicknames over the years, from Mark Strickland as "Pogo man" for his leaping ability to the sublime "Flash" that Shaquille O'Neal bestowed upon Dwyane Wade.
But "The Big Sponge"?
It doesn't exactly flow off the tongue.
Still, that essentially is what first-round draft pick Shabazz Napier considers himself as he works his way through his first NBA preseason.
"I try to put myself in uncomfortable spots in practice, so that I feel comfortable at it," the point guard out of UConn said after Wednesday's practice at AmericanAirlines Arena. "Being in the NBA is new. A lot of things I've got to learn. So I try my best to be a big sponge in practice. So when I get out there [in games], I can make the best of my opportunity."
Ira Winderman on the Heat's struggles through four exhibitions. Ira Winderman on the Heat's struggles through four exhibitions. SEE MORE VIDEOS
In recent appearances, Napier has done just that, twice helping the Heat force overtime, and then stepping up impressively with the second team in the injury absence of Mario Chalmers in Tuesday's exhibition loss to the Atlanta Hawks.
Although coach Erik Spoelstra cautions that plenty of work remains, teammates see the polish of a two-time NCAA champion floor leader.
Heat lose their 4th preseason game in a row (Michael Laughlin)
"He's doing well, just the fact that he's seeing things before they happen," center Chris Bosh said. "He's been doing a decent job of running the offense. It's good. That's a product of being in college for four years. I can't speak to that. I know nothing about that. You can tell that he was very well coached and his transition is going all right so far."
While Bosh arrived to the NBA as a neophyte after only a single season at Georgia Tech, he appreciates Napier's evenhanded maturity.
"I just don't want him to get complacent," Bosh said. "The same thing happened to me. I had a good preseason my rookie year and the regular season was just a movement in different speeds. So I don't want him to think he's arrived within the preseason."
Napier said there is no need for such concern, even as he appears to be pushing Chalmers and Norris Cole for potential regular-season minutes.
Like Chalmers and Cole, Napier arrives with a background as a scorer. While points certainly will be needed in the absence of LeBron James, so will floor leadership.
"Honestly," Napier said, "it's just trying to figure out my niche in the offense. Right now, of course, I feel as though I'm a great playmaker and I get guys open shots. I'm able to score the basket, which makes it hard to guard on pick-and-rolls, because people are worried about me getting to the basket or me shooting."
There is, however, the pesky issue of his .393 shooting percentage, even as he stands fourth on the team in preseason scoring, behind only Bosh, Wade and rookie forward James Ennis.
"Right now, I'm just trying to find my niche in the offense," he said. "If it's just me coming off pick-and-rolls and being aggressive and getting other guys shots, that's my niche."
When Napier was acquired by the Heat on draft night, it was with the implied approval of LeBron James, who last season had called Napier the best point guard in college basketball. Then James left for the Cleveland Cavaliers in free agency. That left Napier arriving without the expected embrace from the game's biggest name.
"At the end of the day," Napier said, "what happens in college stays in college. It doesn't go on to the NBA level. None of these guys care about what I've done on the college level. It now what you do on this level."
So far, the reviews have been encouraging.
"When he's on the court," Wade said, "good things happens so far. He makes plays for other guys and he brings a good energy and a good leader.
"No one knows what everything is going to shake out to be, but the kid can play and the kid can lead. So when you've got a guy who can do that, you've got to find some time for him somewhere."
iwinderman@tribune.com. Follow him at twitter.com/iraheatbeat or facebook.com/ira.winderman
You never forget your first. While others may have since risen higher in my affections – Star Trek, 2001: A Space Odyssey, even, if only for a short time, Blake's 7 – Doctor Who was my first love in science fiction, and science fiction my first love on screen.
It was the first joke I could remember the punchline to:
Knock, knock!
Who's there?
Doctor.
Doctor Who?
That's right.
I must have been about eight or nine and I'd already been terrified out of my young mind by the mutant maggots of Doctor Who and the Green Death.
Still I did not think the gender of Doctor Who mattered so much. Perhaps because, while Tom Baker is definitely my favourite Doctor, (David Tennant a strong second), all of them, from William Hartnell to Peter Capaldi brought something magical to the part. There was so much variety in the men who played him, would it make that much difference if he was a she?
Of course I wanted to push the boundaries of the roles woman actors could play but I saw little connection between that and my long-standing campaign to attract more girls and women into science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (Stem). An engineer for 20 years before coming into parliament, ending the entrenched gender disparity in Stem disciplines – only 9 per cent of professional engineers are women – has long been a personal priority. Not only as a matter of social justice, but to give our economy better access to the skills it so desperately needs and make tech more balanced, more humane, more representative.
I'm now the shadow minister for industrial strategy, science and innovation, and daily it is brought home to me that excluding half our population from the jobs of the future is an economic as well as a social dead end.
I've long said women in Stem need high profile role models, and therefore championed everything from the most influential Women in Tech list to International Women in Engineering Day.
Almost exactly one year ago Jeremy Corbyn and I invited 100 female engineers into his office for what was a fantastic celebration of the contribution women have already made to engineering.
And I have always argued that better media representation of women in Stem could make a huge difference, and even called for a TV series about a complex, flawed but ultimately engaging woman engineer. But it did not occur to me that a woman starring in Doctor Who could have a role to play in inspiring girls. After all, the Doctor is a fictional, multi millennia-aged, two hearted, regenerating, time-travelling alien. Would a woman Doctor really be an easy-to-identify-with role model?
Having seen the 55-second trailer for the new Doctor Who and been unable to prevent myself breaking into a huge smile as Jodie Whittaker was revealed, I now know the answer is, unequivocally, yes.
We do not yet know what kind of Doctor Jodie will be, the exact mix of intelligence, humour, superiority and compassion. But we do know she will have ownership in four dimensions of an awful lot of complex technology – including a Tardis , which unlike Philip Hammond's trains, has often proved itself too difficult for male Doctors to drive.
Even if I had not been personally inspired by the new Doctor, the blatant sexism and more subtle misogyny of so much of the negative reaction would have convinced me that it mattered. So really, there are people out there who find being a woman the least believable part of the Doctor's story? Whose lives will be materially worse if the fictional, multi millennia-aged, two-hearted, regenerating, time-travelling alien is not male? I've spent decades adoring 12 male Time Lords and they can't bring themselves to even tolerate one female one? It reminded me of some of the response to John Boyega's black Stormtrooper in the Star Wars galaxy a long time ago and far, far away. When fictional diversity brings on a major mind malfunction then you probably had a problem to begin with.
So now I am left hoping that Doctor Who's Jodie Whittaker will slay a few sexist demons in her improbable journeys, as well as altering the dynamics around diversity in Stem. With a woman Doctor, literally, anything is possible.
“I'm gay. I'm short and half Hispanic those things aren't going to change.”
Those are the words Ryan Kendall uttered in a federal court in San Francisco on Wednesday as the trial over whether or not to overturn Proposition 8 that stripped gays and lesbians of their right to marry in California, got into its second week.
Kendall took the stand to recount his harsh treatment in an “ex-gay ministry.” His deeply religious parents forced him into so-called “reparative therapy” after finding a note that Kendall had written to himself confessing his sexual orientation at the age of 13. Kendall said his parents “flipped out, (they were) very upset, yelling. I don't remember a lot of what they said, but it was pretty scary the level of their reaction. I remember my mother telling me I was going to burn in hell.”
From there, Kendall was shipped off to a Christian therapist for treatment to become a heterosexual. When that therapy didn't work, Kendall was turned over to Joseph Nicolosi with NARTH, the National Association for Research and Therapy of Homosexuality.
While at NARTH, Kendall said his family rejected him:
I went to NARTH from 14-16. My entire life changed. Before NARTH, parents put notes in my lunch, made my lunch. After, they abused me emotionally. Mother told me she hated me, that I was disgusting, repulsive. She wished she'd had an abortion rather than having a gay son. She said she wished I'd had Down's syndrome or been born retarded.
Kendall couldn't take the abuse – or the therapy – and at age 16, became a ward of the state.
I was a sixteen-year-old kid. I had just lost everything. I walked in and out of jobs and schools. I was extremely suicidal. Turned to drugs to escape. Things did not get better (he's very choked up). Period lasted 4 or 5 years. Struggle for survival; not able to support myself. When my healthcare ran out, I went to emergency rooms.
The good news, if there is any in this sordid story, is that Kendall has landed on his feet. At 26, he now has a stable job and has reconciled his spirituality and sexuality on his own. He's no bleeding heart liberal, though, but a member of the Log Cabin Republicans.
The defense objected to Kendall being able to tell his story on relevance grounds, but the judge disagreed, saying they had opened the door to the “subjects of sexuality as a conscious choice and people's ability to successfully change their sexual orientation in their opening testimony. ‘It seems to me that you've raised the very issue to which the witness is going to testify,' (U.S. District Judge Vaughn) Walker said, adding that Kendall's first-hand account would be ‘very helpful.'”
Kendall's story — not an aberration — shed much-needed light on the dangers of “ex-gay” therapy. The abuses of of the “therapy” led the American Psychological Association to conclude that “there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological interventions to change sexual orientation.”
For all the years that NARTH and other “ex-gay ministries” have been around, they have but a handful of “success” stories to share with the world. (Usually, those “success” stories go on to be paid, professional ex-gays, giving speeches and trading on their “cure.”) Their “therapy” is based on outdated or repudiated studies, and often consists of enforcing strict gender roles by teaching men to be more masculine and women to be more feminine. NARTH, in particular, continues to use the discredited views that parents can turn their kids gay.
Dr. Nicolosi, for example, often tells audiences that people are gay because they have a rift with a same-sex parent or a have domineering opposite sex parent. It has been decades since any serious scientific body subscribed to these views and there is no contemporary research to uphold these anachronistic theories. Yet, NARTH's co-founder Dr. Joseph Nicolosi repeats the empty mantra, “We advise fathers, if you don't hug your sons, some other man will.”
In fact, the scientific consensus against “curing” homosexuality has led most “ex-gay” outfits around the country to back off of the offer to turn a homosexual into a heterosexual. Instead, they now simply promise those who have “unwanted same-sex sexual attraction” a chance to repress or “overcome” those urges – but not to “cure” them of their orientation.
What the proceedings are making startlingly clear, however, is how being branded “sick” and “sinful” by religious leaders has led directly to the discrimination against gay and lesbian people, including being denied the right to marry. One exchange, presented by videotaped deposition testimony between plaintiff's attorney Theodore J. Boutrous Jr. and Dr. Paul Nathanson, a professor at McGill University in Montreal, is particularly telling:
Boutrous: What is proportion of those who voted yes on Prop. 8 were motivated by religious reasons?
Nathanson: About half. B: Would you agree over the past fifty years, religion and society have been hostile to homosexuals? And has it led to discrimination? And violence against homosexuals? N: Yes to all. B: Do you believe that the teaching of certain religions that homosexuality is a sin and abomination leads to gay bashing? N: Yes. B: Do you believe that the primary cause of gay bashing is religion? N: In a direct sense yes. Religious hostility to homosexual behavior has roots other than religion. B: Was religion used to justify hostility and prejudice against blacks? N: Yes. B: Was this prejudice used to “protect families”? N: Yes. B: Were the same arguments used against women (family protection)? N: Yes.
The danger of using religious arguments to deny rights to a certain set of people is on full display in the trial. Anti-gay religious advocates argue that they want to “protect the family” by denying marriage equality. However, it is plain that religious opposition to homosexuality tears at the fabric of the very family the religious right says they want to preserve. Kendall, and many like him, have been psychically scarred by the “therapy” forced on them, their self-identity vilified, their self-esteem demolished, their family destroyed, all in the name of God.
Kendall was finally honest with himself. He gained his life and lost his family. Others are not as brave. Some will acquiesce to society's wishes and play along – pretending to be cured.
During (defense attorney) Flynn's redirect, he asked Kendall if he had met any “successful” conversion therapy patients during his time at NARTH. “During one of our group therapy sessions, Nicolosi trotted out his perfect patient, a guy named Kelly,” Kendall said. “But after Nicolosi left, Kelly told me that he was going out to a gay bar that night.” The gallery erupted in laughter.
It would be funny, if it weren't so terribly sad.
As his managerial reign at Bayern Munich, Pep leaves having dominated the German domestic scene but he faltered in Europe. With just 3 matches remaining at the helm of the Bavarians, Pep's record at Bayern stands as
Played: 159
Won: 122
Draw: 16
Loss: 21
Goals for: 407
Goals Against: 124
Trophies won: 3x Bundesliga, 1x DFB Pokal (with a possible 2nd before he departs), 1x UEFA Super Cup, 1x FIFA Club World Cup.
Statistically, he had a successful stint at Bavaria. Not as successful as Barcelona in terms of trophies, but Pep won a staggering 76% of his games. Yet in his impressive trophy haul, he has not been able to win a 6th Champions League for the Bavarians. His 3 attempts have seen him beaten by the top 3 Spanish teams in the semi-finals each year. He has failed to win the German Super Cup as well in 3 attempts.
When he took the helm, Bavaria had completed a treble. What he had at his disposal, was a talented, deep and balanced squad, high on morale and confidence. He made his changes, over the 3 seasons at the helm. Gotze, Vidal, Lewandowski, Kingsley Coman, Douglas Costa, Xabi Alonso, Mehdi Benatia and Juan Bernat were some of the names transferred into the Bavarian Giants. Notable departures included Mario Gomez, Mario Mandzukic, Dante, Luiz Gustavo, Toni Kroos and Bastian Schweinsteiger.
On the face of it, Bavaria have improved their squad depth and talent with their transfers. On the domestic scene, Bavaria have been utterly dominant. Of their 3 league titles, 2 of them have been won with a tally of close to 90 points (they scored 90 in the 2013/14 season, a league record). In the German Cup, they have won it once and might win their second before the season reaches its end. Their complete dominance in German football, sees Bayern wrap up the league in March-April, and ensure they are in the Cup semi-finals by April itself. The only competition he failed to win is the German Super cup, where they were twice beaten by Dortmund and once by Wolfsburg, at the start of each season. With the league and cup secured, its theoretically possible for them to rest for their European ambitions.
German competition is minimal. Dortmund and Wolfsburg, the two main teams that gave a degree of competition to Bayern, are unable to match their financial resources. Good performances by the players of these two clubs, make them ripe targets to be taken, not only by Bayern, but by other European teams. Notable examples of this include De Bruyne (Manchester City), Mario Gotze, Robert Lewandowski and now Mats Hummels(Bayern Munich). Bavaria are also able to buy the best talent across the world. These two factors ensure, that in the Domestic scene, Bavaria will always have an edge over its rivals.
In Europe, they dominate their way in the group stages, averaging close to 17 goals in the group stage as they have taken the first spot convincingly in all their 3 years. In the knockout stages, they began to show their frailty. In 2013/14, Arsenal took a draw at Allianz Arena and a struggling Manchester United took a draw. Real Madrid would comprehensively defeat them in the semi-finals of that season en route to winning the title.
The following season, they would struggle in the away legs against Shakhtar and FC Porto before taking strong home wins, but once again, they'd be stopped in their tracks, outplayed by FC Barcelona in the 2015 semi-finals. This season, Bayern had nervy encounters against Juventus (going into extra time), and against Benfica. They would be defeated by Atletico Madrid courtesy of a Griezmann away goal.
Pep's primary objective was to win the Champions League, yet his side were continually exposed in the Champions League knockout stages. Tactics and the nerves seem to be the reason. Against Atletico Madrid of the first leg, he played with 3 holding midfielders, foregoing an attacking player. This saw Thomas Muller, who has enjoyed his finest season, benched for the game. Against a team that pack the midfield and sit back, a player like Muller who excels at exploiting even the tiniest amounts of spaces would have been key. Bayern who created more chances had no goal to show for 19 efforts as they were largely reduced to long shots, while Atletico grabbed a crucial 1-0 win.
The second leg saw Bayern create more chances, but most of them were floundered and Griezmann's away goal resigned them to defeat. In 2014/15, Barcelona were able to comprehensively outplay the Bavarians, with the back 3 and supporting cast not able to keep out the MSN trio. In 2013/14, Madrid were able to beat his possession play, matching the Bavarians in attempts as he would once again keep Muller on the bench, for a defensive player in Rafinha. It's now been 7 consecutive away matches in the Champions League where Bayern are yet to find a win.
Injuries did have their part to play in limiting his options. Robben, Ribery, Alaba, Javi Martinez, Thiago Alcantara and Mario Gotze have been some who have spent a lot of time on the side-lines.
So on the whole, his stint at Bavaria can be called a fairly successful one. However, with the squad he had, he should have made it to the UEFA Champions League final at least once. He dominated the German scene, and did no harm in adding to his trophy cabinet and winning ratio.
Manchester City will be a major challenge, as it's a squad that needs a massive overhaul, but it seems Pep has already been planning for this after the announcement. It will be interesting to see if he can win his 3rd UEFA Champions League in England.
Enlarge NASA/AP A dust ring, seen in red, surrounds the star Fomalhaut that resides at the center of the image and is not visible to the human eye. FIND WILL KEEP EXPERTS 'BUSY' FIND WILL KEEP EXPERTS 'BUSY'
USA TODAY's Dan Vergano discusses the snapshot of these three planets with Travis Barman of Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff, Ariz., a co-author of the HR 8799 paper.
Question: Can you explain the planet-spotting scheme in the paper? Barman: We take pictures of young stars and look for faint nearby companions -- young stars because 1) if they have planets they too will be young and 2) young planets are much brighter than old ones and thus easier to detect. Our ability to peel away the light of the star has its limits, our pictures are best at detecting young planets at fairly wide orbits (comparable to our Neptune or a bit closer in). We know they are truly orbiting the star if the faint companion and the star move together across the night sky.
All right scrubs, some of you could use some help on how to slack and still succeed in picking up your professor. Mostly freshmen do, but some of you other Jackets could use a review.
For any time throughout the semester, if you are in the back row of the classroom, you're doing it wrong. First, I'll let you fools know what to do if you're wondering what to do while you're in the middle of a lecture. This should be completely obvious, but I want to see everyone succeed.
Picking up a professor is easy; it's all about the body language that you put out. First, wait for class to end. It's important to project confidence throughout your efforts. That's right, kids —chest out, chin up, all of that other career fair crap.
Introduce yourself and shake their hand, but don't let go. Make sure your handshake is not just firm, but ironclad. Trust me, professors don't respect or care for that wishy-washy, cutesy college student act (DUH). Ask your professor if he or she is having a good time, and prepare yourself. It's time to move in.
Now, we'll go over a foolproof method to pick up your professor even if you're not in the middle of class. This requires some patience, but you didn't come to this guide expecting something quick and easy. That's what Coursehero is for.
Wait until your professor has office hours, or, (better yet) go to their office anyway and knock loudly and repeatedly on their door to assert dominance. Again, this shows confidence and initiative, which professors love.
If your professor doesn't open the door immediately, knock louder. Not only does this increase the chances of them finally succumbing to your will, but it also covers you on the off chance that your professor's not actually in their office. In the worst-case scenario, a grad student will show up, and you can say “Aw, you're no fun” (or something like that) and continue knocking.
Obviously, if your professor is in the office, you're good to go. It's time to move in.
You're now right by your professor, you've established contact and there's nothing stopping you from picking them up.
In an agile, fluid motion, wrap your arms around your professor's waist (like an O shape) and squeeze tightly. Summoning your inner strength and training, lock your hips and knees, and lift with your back muscles. Do not stop until your professor is no longer in contact with the ground. ALWAYS START WITH THE LIFTING! NO THROWING!
Just remember the three P's of picking up.
Penetrate: enter your professor's office, or better yet, his or her personal space.
Piggy-back: this should be self-explanatory.
Pull out: once satisfied, politely leave your professor's office.
If anything ever fails, try again with another professor. I want to see everyone succeed in my next few classes.
The British government has promised a range of new financial powers for Scotland if voters choose to stay part of the U.K.
Residents of Scotland will head to polling booths on Sept. 18 in a historic vote to decide whether to become an independent nation for the first time in more than four centuries.
The new offer comes as opinion polls swung in favor of a Yes vote for Scottish independence for the first time this month. A YouGov poll put the Yes campaign at 51% while the No campaign slid down to 49%.
In light of the sudden swing, British Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne said the new powers would include more autonomy on tax, spending and welfare if Scots vote against independence.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“Then Scotland will have the best of both worlds. They will both avoid the risks of separation but have more control over their own destiny, which is where I think many Scots want to be,” the Conservative MP told the BBC.
But many in the Yes camp feel the offer smacks of desperation, and is too little too late.
“I don't think people are going to take this seriously. If the other parties had been serious about more powers, then something concrete would have been put forward before now,” Nicola Sturgeon, deputy leader of the proindependence Scottish National Party, told the BBC.
Her views were echoed by First Minister Alex Salmond of Scotland. “This is a ridiculous position being put forward by a campaign … in terminal trouble,” he said. “They have failed to scare the Scots, now they are trying to bribe us.”
Since the referendum campaign started, surveys have shown that Scotland would likely stay within the U.K., but the current shift in the polls now has the British government worried that Scots will choose to secede.
A key issue has been whether an independent Scotland could continue to use the currency pound sterling — a prospect all three of the major London-based political parties say they would veto, but the Yes campaign insists it is outside of Westminster's control.
Write to Helen Regan at helen.regan@timeasia.com.
Muon is a Forge mod for Minecraft versions 1.9 and above inspired by Quark. Its primary focus is to improve and enhance Villages in keeping with the style and spirit of Vanilla Minecraft.
Muon is by nature a CoreMod. This means it hooks parts of the minecraft source in ways not usually required by Minecraft mods and is therefore is limited to a specific range of Minecraft versions. Versions for newer versions of minecraft may become available as we start playing them. :)
Every aspect of this mod has been given a config option so you can tweak it to your heart's delight and use as much or as little of it as you wish.
Generally the config options that fix deficiencies in Vanilla default to True, and setting all options to False will revert to pure vanilla behaviour. Options that significantly enhance or change vanilla mechanics need to be enabled explicitly. The default settings should result in improved vanilla world generation and gameplay without adding anything new.
Muon 0.2 (Alpha) features:
An option for Village Groves: a dense stand of trees in villages. This needs to be explicitly enabled. I recommend setting it to 100% ;)
Initial pass at code for terrain-dependent structures (Structures added after initial village generation but before chunk creation)
Added option to default future features to enable.
Added code to check for new Muon versions.
Fixed bug reading our own mcmod.info on Windows.
Fixed crash when encountering modded buildings without a facing.
Muon 0.1 (Alpha) features:
An option to fix for vertical building placement in villages to eliminate the all too common problem of inaccessible elevated or buried doors.
An option to fix "broken" terrain around villages, ensuring paths are always accessible within a village and don't drop off the side of mountains.
An option to use alternate path generation code to make them look a bit better, and also create simple bridges across small rivers.
An option to ensure scattered features like temples and igloos are always accessible. Igloos would sometimes spawn *INSIDE* hills.
No change in the number of randoms taken from the seed pool, so your world seeds still generate the same world!
Future development direction is intended to add tweaks to the mechanics of villagers, and add additional villager types for miners and foresters.
THIS MOD IS CURRENTLY *ALPHA* QUALITY.
All commited code has had rudimentary testing, but has not yet been given significant exercise in the real world of multiplayer minecraft.
If you want to use it in a modpack you are most welcome to with proper attribution, but given the ALPHA state of the mod please keep in mind that you will bear full responsibility for all support as a result of doing so.
Development news and notice of other mods by us will be listed on http://mc.izno.gd/ (currently offline pending rebuild. Check back here!)
Also, dropping us a note to tell us where you're using it would be most appreciated! Send us a link and we might check it out! :)
Circumcision affects 15.3 million children and young adults annually. In terms of gender, 13.3 million boys and 2 million girls are subjected to the involuntary removal of part or all of their external sexual organs every year. The problem of female circumcision has been addressed on an international level, but male circumcision remains a controversial subject that many academics have been reluctant to examine. Circumcision is tolerated today because it has been practiced for millennia by a small but vocal minority of religious and ethnic groups, however, when the practice is examined through the lens of modern legal, ethical, and human rights advancements, no place remains in civilized society for this body-altering ritual. In Genital Autonomy: Protecting Personal Choice, international experts address various types of genital modifications, the impact of these harmful traditional practices on the child, on human rights, and on the development of the concept of bodily integrity. The papers presented in this volume address these topics from a variety of angles. They question and dissects the true motivations of the doctors, witch doctors, and “holy men” who promote and profit from circumcision.
How does the Apprenticeship Levy affect you?
*This article is for employers and learners. Read how the levy affects training providers.*
UK apprenticeships are undergoing a major reform. Quality standards and frameworks are being reformed to better meet employer and learner needs - and the way apprenticeships will be funded is changing.
Employers, training providers and learners alike are expected to significantly benefit from the initiative - but do you know exactly how it's going to work? Findcourses has put together an overview of the proposed plans to help you get to grips with what's to come.
Read through or click on the sections most relevant to you:
Search for apprenticeship training!
Please note that some information contained in this article may change in future. Please visit GOV.UK for updated information.
What the numbers say!
Those who complete an apprenticeship at level 4 or above could earn an average of £150,000 more over their lifetime.
83% of apprentices indicated that their career prospects improved*.
Over the past 5 years, between 53% and 54,7% of apprenticeship starters have been women*.
Employers with a pay bill of £3 million a year will pay the levy. This translates to fewer than 2% of UK employers.
More than £60 million will be invested in apprenticeship training in the poorest areas of the country.
The Apprenticeship Levy: What is it and how will it work?
The Apprenticeship Levy is a new tax some employers in the UK will pay from spring 2017. It is a government initiative to proactively increase the quantity and improve the quality of apprenticeships across the country. The government, together with the private sector, aims to train 3 million new apprentices by 2020. The tax applies to employers with an annual pay bill of more than £3 million, who will need to pay 0.5% of their pay bill towards the levy. The pay bill refers to payments to employees that are subject to employer Class 1 secondary NICs. The government will help employers meet their commitment by providing additional funding.
When do eligible employers start paying the levy?
Levy payments are scheduled to commence in May 2017 and it will be up to employers to notify HMRC each month as to whether they are eligible to pay.
Government assistance on levy for eligible employers
Each employer will receive a £15,000 allowance to offset the levy payment. This equates to 0.5% of £3 million and means that the employers' spend is on the portion of their pay bill that is over £3 million.
In addition, employers in the English apprenticeship system will receive a further 10% top-up added to the funds in their apprenticeship service account. So, for every £10 that is paid into the account to spend on apprenticeship training in England, the employer's account is credited with an additional £1.
Take a look at the Estimate my apprenticeship funding page to obtain a breakdown of your organisation's levy commitment.
Additional government contributions
Additional funds are available under the following conditions:
The apprentice is between 16 and 18 years old (or 15 years old and will be turning 16 years old between the last Friday of June and 31 August).
The apprentice is between 19 and 24 years old and has an education, health and care plan provided by the local authority, or has been in the care of the local authority.
Paying for apprenticeships
Levy-paying employers in England will access funding through their digital apprenticeship service account. The platform allows employers to select apprenticeship training from the list of approved training providers as well as to post apprenticeship vacancies.
Employers have a rolling 24-month window within which to spend their funds ('vouchers') before they expire. The service uses funds that have entered the account first whenever payments are made.
The digital apprenticeship service will only apply to employers in England. Separate measures will be in place for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
What all employers can spend apprenticeship funding on
Funds in the employer's apprenticeship service account, and any government funding through co-investment, must only be used towards the cost of eligible apprenticeship training and end point assessments.
Funding can be spent on
Employers can only use funds for approved apprenticeship training providers and assessment organisations. Funding is provided up to the limit of the funding band and the employer has to pay the full amount for any cost above this limit.
The list of apprenticeships eligible for funding can be viewed on the Hub.
The register of training organizations provides the list of approved apprenticeship training providers. Note that using the digital interface will direct your search to training providers within a chosen geographical area for the specific apprenticeship you are interested in.
The register of apprenticeship assessment organisations provides the list of companies approved to deliver end point assessments. Employers will use the register to choose their preferred approved end-point assessment provider for an apprenticeship, and employer's lead training provider will commence engaging with the selected provider.
Funding cannot be spent on
Funds cannot be used for other costs associated with the apprentice, such as travel and subsidiary costs, traineeships, statutory licences to practise, managerial or brokerage costs, work placement programmes or the cost of setting up an apprenticeship programme.
What if the employer has insufficient funds in their apprenticeship service account to pay for training?
If the monthly cost of the apprenticeship training is greater than the amount available in the digital account, the employer has to co-invest 10% of the outstanding balance and government will pay the other 90% up to the funding band maximum. The employer pays 100% of costs above the funding band maximum.
Requirements for employers to become approved apprenticeship trainers
Employers who have approved apprenticeship training capabilities can deliver this training to their own staff as well as the staff of other employers. Such a company is referred to as an employer-provider.
It is important to note that funds from their apprenticeship service account cannot be used to setup this capability.
There are three ways an employer can become a training provider and these are:
To be an employer-provider that provides all, or some of the off-the-job training elements of an apprenticeship to their own employees. To be a training provider for their own staff as well as for other employers' staff. To be a sub-contractor to a main provider.
Strict requirements govern the process of becoming an employer-provider as these employers are held to the same high standards as any approved training provider. This article provides more information about how to become a training provider.
*References
Apprenticeship Evaluation: survey of learners (2014) English Apprenticeships:Our 2020 Vision - Executive Summary
Ready to search for apprenticeship training?
Find an apprenticeship and connect with registered apprenticeship training providers who can deliver it.
Search for apprenticeship training
The dust has begun to settle. We are an army bruised, beaten and bewildered. We worked our socks off delivering leaflets, knocking doors, tweeting cat pictures and arguing with risograph printers. And still David Cameron sits in Downing Street. Ed Miliband's leadership reinvigorated long-time activists and inspired a new generation of campaigners alike, restoring a sense of hope that Labour could be a party to not only change governments but also change lives. This feels as heartbreaking as 1992, as lethal as 1979 and as shocking as 1983. As we ask where now for Labour, we owe it to our movement to resist the personal blame game – and not to simply launch a salvage operation.
The numbers are brutal – last week was not about media conspiracies or quirks of our electoral process. We cannot pretend we won the popular vote. More people chose the Conservatives over us. Some results defy national trends – whether in Cambridge, Edinburgh South or Enfield North – as others reinforce them. Whether in Scotland or in London or in key marginals, the public didn't just disregard the received wisdom of pollsters. They also confounded the data underpinning our “get out the vote” activity. The voters have spoken – and told us to think again.
This is not their mistake but our challenge, to which we need to rise. It reflects how not only our argument, but also our actions as a campaigning force will need to be different if we are to win in 2020. Quick fixes – whether new technology or new people or arguing that the Conservatives will cause so much damage the public will “see sense” – risk us making the wrong assumptions about this upset. As challenging as it may seem, we have to allow ourselves the space and discipline to listen and reflect; to grieve and so to learn.
This matters not least because of what we already know about the election. The myriad different battles at both a local and a national level suggests there is no one truth, no one analysis that comfortably explains what happened. Some early lessons are filtering through. Our economic credibility is the core thread that allows us to show how progressive politics require not protecting the status quo but provoking change for the benefit of all. Our campaigning must do more than ask how people vote if we are to build a relationship with them for our shared ambitions for our country.
Rooted in the communities we serve, our cause must be renewed and reaffirmed for a generation that does not want to be told what to do but to shape its own future – and to support not just an opposition but an alternative to narrow Conservatism. All of us must ask fundamental questions about the purpose of the Labour movement and how this is best expressed. Only then can we develop a new politics for the new times we face.
In Harriet Harman we have an interim leader more than capable of stopping the Tories from boxing us into a story of hopelessness. Thoughtful and radical renewal cannot be rushed, and it cannot be devoid of emotion if it is to be meaningful. It will involve talking to those who didn't back us as well as those who did – and asking both what it would take for them not simply to support us but to become involved.
Therapists will tell you there are several stages of grief – denial, anger, bargaining and depression – before acceptance. Recognising that we cannot deny that Labour lost the fight about the future helps us be aware of the centrality of our arguments to our success. Anger for the amazing candidates who didn't win highlights the value of our people to our movement. Bargaining for the changes that might have made all the difference in some seats shows the need for a more flexible approach to campaigning. Depression at the long road ahead for Labour to return to power helps us appreciate the work to be done.
As JFK once argued: “Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or the present are certain to miss the future.” And change we must win in 2020. This will be uncomfortable. But we have been here before. And by being brave we have led again and become a force for good in Britain. Let's grieve today to enable us to grow tomorrow.
Stella Creasy is MP for Walthamstow
This is the shocking moment a mentally-ill churchgoer was bound in handcuffs and leg restraints before being left motionless in a jail cell when police strapped a belt across his face, a court heard.
Schizophrenic Thomas Orchard was put in restraints and had an 'emergency response belt' put across his mouth after being arrested by seven police officers following a public order incident.
Shocking CCTV footage released today shows the 32-year-old being left motionless on the floor of a police cell at Heavitree Road Police Station in Exeter, Devon, after the arrest in October 2012.
The 'gentle' church caretaker suffered a cardiac arrest 12 minutes later after being starved of oxygen and died a week later in hospital from brain damage and asphyxia, the court heard.
This is the shocking moment mentally-ill churchgoer Thomas Orchard was bound in handcuffs and leg restraints before being left motionless in a jail cell when police strapped a belt across his face, a court heard
CCTV footage released today shows Mr Orchard him being carried face-down in the 'emergency response belt', before being dropped and left motionless on the floor of his police cell at Heavitree Police Station, Exeter
Harrowing CCTV footage shows Mr Orchard lying motionless on the floor of his cell after being arrested by police. He suffered a cardiac arrest 12 minutes after being detained and died a week later from brain damage
Experienced custody sergeant Jan Kingshott, 44, and civilian detention officers Simon Tansley, 38, and Michael Marsden, 55, are now on trial accused of unlawfully killing the 'placid and quiet' man.
The trio, from Devon and Cornwall Police, also face accusations of gross negligence manslaughter. They all deny the charges.
Dramatic CCTV footage of Mr Orchard's treatment in police custody was shown to the jury when the case was opened in court last month, but only released today following a challenge by the press.
When played in court for the first time, the video reduced onlookers in the public gallery to tears.
A legal battle to secure the release of the footage was fought by a number of newspaper groups including Associated Newspapers – publishers of the Daily Mail.
Judge Mr Justice King, ruling the images could be released, warned the jury: 'Don't take any notice of what anyone else may think about this case.'
The series of videos show the moments Mr Orchard was arrested in Exeter city centre over a public order incident, marched from the van into the station in restraints, and carried around the station.
One harrowing piece of footage shows him being carried face-down in the 'emergency response belt', before being dropped and left motionless on a thin mattress on the floor of his police cell.
The final video shows him surrounded by officers and police staff who are holding him face down on the floor, before they finally remove the 'emergency response belt' and leave the custody cell.
The belt was put across his mouth and nose for five minutes while he was in a prone position, interfering with his breathing, a jury at Bristol Crown Court was told.
Church caretaker Mr Orchard (left), a schizophrenic, suffered a cardiac arrest 12 minutes after being left by police and died a week later from brain damage and asphyxia. Right: His mother Alison and brother Jack
The family of Thomas Orchard arrive at Bristol Crown Court for the ongoing manslaughter trial of custody sergeant Jan Kingshott, 44, and civilian detention officers Simon Tansley, 38, and Michael Marsden, 55,
Opening the case, prosecuting, Mark Heywood QC said: 'The damage that caused his death had occurred following his arrest by police on suspicion of a public order offence in central Exeter.
'At the roadside he was dealt with by a total of seven police and support officers. He was taken from there on that day, in physical restraints, to the local custody unit.
'There he was dealt with by a total of six trained police officers and detention unit staff, again while in physical restraints throughout.
'In fact, Mr Orchard was ill and suffering from a relapse of his mental illness, of long-standing paranoid schizophrenia.
'Even so, the combination of force and physical restraints used on him on the day of his arrest, coupled, says the prosecution, with a complete failure to enquire and so to realise his true condition and also to observe him closely and directly, led together to him being starved of oxygen to the point of cardio-respiratory arrest.
Experienced custody sergeant Jan Kingshott, 44 (pictured outside Bristol Crown Court) is on trial
'He died because force was used to restrain him, mostly in a prone, face down, position, and in addition a large webbing belt was put across his face in the course of those events.
'Together - you may think obviously - these things interfered with his ability to breathe.
'The situation continued for over five minutes deep within a police station, while he was bound.
'At the same time, no one of those directly responsible took sufficient care to see that he was breathing properly - or even perhaps at all towards the end of those events.
'Instead, he was left in a locked cell, under more remote observation for a further twelve minutes until his true condition was discovered.
'By then, it was too late.'
The lawyer told jurors the three defendants were ‘directly responsible' for Mr Orchard's detention in custody, for ‘implementing and directing' the force that was used, and for applying the belt.
He added: 'The Crown says that by those actions unlawfully caused his death.
'Each of them denies that what he individually did, or did together, was unlawful and that any unlawful action of his resulted in Mr Orchard's death.'
However, they say they used the belt proportionately and as they had been trained to because Mr Orchard was threatening to bite them.
But Mr Orchard's mother Alison has previously told the court she had never seen her son bite, and had not seen him have a ‘tantrum' for a decade.
Bristol Crown Court heard 'placid and quiet' Mr Orchard had suffered with mental health issues since his teenage years.
He was admitted for mental health care in hospital five times between 2004 and 2009, and at the time of his death was living in supported housing in Exeter.
On the day of his arrest on October 3, his health had deteriorated, and after going to church for communion he attacked a man in the city centre.
After 999 calls were made, seven officers - none of them on trial - were involved in his arrest for allegedly using threatening words or behaviour, the jury heard.
Witnesses said he was attempting to bite the officers, and the jury saw CCTV of him being forced to the ground, put in restraints, and carried to a van.
Mr Heywood QC added: 'Four [officers] are involved.
'He was picked up and carried in that way but one of them stood at his head and held it in both his hands in what is the classic preferred trained for movement of someone of this kind.
'It makes a lot of sense. It is simple and usually used, and above all trained as a technique. The question arises why it was not used later.'
Civilian detention officers Simon Tansley, 38 (right), and Michael Marsden, 55 (left), are on trial at Bristol Crown Court accused of unlawful act manslaughter and gross negligence manslaughter. They deny the charges
Mr Orchard arrived at Heavitree Road Police Station at around 11.18am, where 'experienced' custody sergeant Kingshott was in charge.
Mr Heywood said Mr Orchard remained in restraints for a total of 22 minutes and had the belt over his face for a 'significant part of the time'.
The court heard Mr Orchard called out 'let me go' or 'let go' seven times during his restraint.
Marsden, who held the belt on Mr Orchard's face for three minutes, said this was typical behaviour of violent detainees. 'To me it was just noise,' he told the jury. 'I just remember someone shouting.'
Marsden said he did not have concerns when the belt was applied to Mr Orchard's face, adding: 'We had been given a piece of equipment and trained to use that piece of equipment in a certain set of circumstances.
'Those circumstances arose on that day. We did what we had been trained to do with someone who had been making constant threats from start to finish to bite.'
He said Mr Orchard 'appeared fine' after he removed the ERB and was left in the cell. Minutes later, Marsden returned to the cell and looked through to see Mr Orchard.
'I wasn't concerned when I left the cell, I wasn't concerned when I went back,' he told the jury.
'I saw him breathing, I saw his shoulders moving. He seemed to be settling down and making himself comfortable.'
Marsden raised the alarm after returning to the cell for a second time, the court heard.
CCTV footage shows Mr Orchard being arrested in Exeter city centre and detained on the floor by officers
Officers are seen carrying Mr Orchard into a police van after he was arrested following a public order offence
Mr Heywood told the court that Mr Orchard died in hospital on October 10, 2012.
He said: 'For a significant part of the restraint time at the custody unit he had a webbing belt, known by its full names as an Emergency Response Belt, applied over the whole of or part of his face, including at times - perhaps the majority of that - on his nose and mouth.
'Once released from restraint in the cell he made little or no movement. When the cell was entered 12 minutes later, he was in cardiac arrest.
'Although cardiac function and respiratory effort were restored by advanced intervention, he died in hospital.
'The cause of death was given as severe hypoxic-ischaemic brain damage, prolonged cardiorespiratory arrest following a violent struggle and period of physical restraint including a prolonged period in a prone position and the application of an Emergency Response Belt across the face resulting in asphyxia.'
The trial continues.
'EMERGENCY BELT' THAT WAS ACROSS HIS FACE FOR FIVE MINUTES Police usually use emergency response belts on a person's chest, midriff or thighs, jurors have been told. Prosecutor Mark Heywood QC said they could also be used as a ‘shroud', but should not be used on someone's head as a ‘mechanism of securing or control'. But he said the belt was put around Mr Orchard's face before he was carried into a police cell and left for almost five minutes – all the time with the belt around his face. Officers said the belt was used correctly, claiming Mr Orchard was threatening to bite them. The webbing strap and 'emergency response belt' police officers used to restrain schizophrenic Mr Orchard
The custody suite where Thomas Orchard died. This photo shows the debris in the cell after police and paramedics tried to revive him. He suffered a cardiac arrest 12 minutes after the arrest and died a week later
Building wealth using passive income has positive appeal, especially if you are troubled about being able to save enough from your day work to fulfill your goals.
How to define passive income?
Passive income includes regular earnings from a source different than an employer or contractor. The passive income can be generated from two sources: rental income or a business which a person doesn't actively participate. Examples include book royalties and dividend-paying stocks.
You can define passive income as earnings an individual derives from a rental property, limited partnership or other enterprises in that he or she isn't actively involved. Popular culture defines it as “any money you earn while doing nothing.”
Truth falls somewhere between the two, defining passive income as the money you earn from a project or investment once you've created an initial contribution of your time or cash. In the end, it still involves work. You just provide the work beforehand.
Thousands of individuals have tried to form passive income streams solely to be stunned by the quantity of labor, cash or time it takes.
1. Car rental business
To make successful rental car business, one should first look at what kind of vehicles have demand for rental business. Usually, there is demand for vans, trucks and also for caravans. These are vehicles used for moving and caravans for holiday trips.
Insurance is an important part of the business. The vehicle must be insured for a case of an accident. Usually, a rental vehicle is defined as a profit-making tool and normal car insurance does not cover enough if there are problems. Best thing is to visit at a local insurance office and ask for options.
Rental price should be competitive and one should see what is the price range of other rental cars in the neighborhood. At this point, it's good to make calculations and estimates if the business is enough profitable to begin.
Business could work like this: You make an ad on the Internet, like locally visible Google Ads campaign and ad for a local magazine. People needing moving van contact you by phone or email and makes the reservation. Customers pick up the vehicle and return it in time.
2. Flea market business
A flea market is a place or bazaar where people rent a table or shelf and sell merchandise, usually old, used things. Our local flea market is like a shop where you can rent a table and sell your things. You don't have to sell things yourself, there is staff that makes the trading on behalf of the vendor. The vendor only arranges merchandise to the shelf and collects the share of the income.
The way to make money in the flea market is to go for shopping in the morning when the bazaar opens. As one of the first the customers, vendor scours the place looking for pricing errors. Idea is to buy everything interesting that has reselling value and resell them again with a profit.
3. Drop-shipping eCommerce
Drop-shipping could be a way to run an internet store where you don't need to store inventory and you don't need to ship the products. The method is that you set up your shopfront and collect money similar to a regular store.
Rather than having to pack and ship the merchandise once you receive an order, you just place a regular order with the distributor and the distributor takes care of shipping the merchandise to the end customer.
The main advantage of drop-shipping is that you simply don't have to manage inventory or product fulfillment. However, since you're marketing the merchandise under your own store, you're still responsible for the customer support.
4. Affiliate marketing
Affiliate marketing means that you sign up with a company or entrepreneur and sell their products. For example, if you start a tech website, you could become an affiliate of an online hosting or anti-virus software company. You can earn passive income every month if your website receives a good quantity of traffic and you've got a lot of email subscribers. Being an affiliate vendor takes dedication and time. You need to create traffic via your website, email marketing, and social media. 5. Freelance business
You can start a side business while you're employed a full-time or part-time job. For example, if you're a graphic or web designer, you could begin your own graphic or internet design business on the side. If you like to create jewelry, you could sell at craft fairs and on-line. Starting a business might be daunting, but if you believe in yourself and your work, you could earn a good living, maybe even quit your day job. Search out people who are doing what you wish to do and interview them. Find out the mistakes they made and ask for guidance.
6. Dividend income
Income through dividend stocks is mean of building a passive income. Dividends are usually paid quarterly and time it takes to see income is way short and there's little ongoing work to be done after the initial investment. There are still risks concerning dividend investment. Investments like stocks have volatility and the value of investments may vary, also the dividend may be reduced if the dividend policy changes. While income investment through dividend-paying stocks is the most well liked among investors, there are different investments that provide sensible passive income potentials like master limited partnerships (MLPs) and real estate investment trusts (REITs). A good source for dividend investment options is Dividend.com and Nasdaq.
7. Real estate
Realty investment includes fixing and flipping homes. this needs capital in the form of money or credit. If you'll be able to partner with somebody, better. Attend on housing auctions and bid on the houses, idea is to be able to get them for a decent price. Hire a contractor to repair up the inside and outside, have the house appraised, sell it, make a profit. You could purchase properties and become a property owner. Another alternative is to become a real broker. Consult seasoned real estate investors and brokers. Ask if this passive income strategy is true for you.
8. Royalties
Earn royalties from writing books, songs or developing products. You can even purchase someone else's share of a song via a writer's auction. You bid on a song, and if it's accepted, you own a piece of it and receive a royalty check monthly, which can be deposited into your bank account. One option is to make a franchise business like subway or another similar concept. If your business has potential and “brand power” you can license the concept and the brand to collect franchisor fees from other businesses. 9. Online Income
There are numerous ways to monetize your website or blog online. you'll be able to generate profits from private advertising, public ads like Google Adsense, sales of digital merchandise like e-books, lead generation and referrals, affiliate commissions and others. The success of websites or blog can also lead to coaching and consult type of work opportunities. 10. Sell Designs I hope I could be a graphical designer. High-quality visuals are important and used everywhere. If you have the skills as graphical designer options are almost limitless. You can design graphics, websites templates, T-shirts, sell photos, 3D-designs and so on. Many sites like CafePress, Spreadshirt let you design your own products and sell them through their site, you get to profit from every product they sell with your design on it. You can also design your own shop front-end for the products. You can also sell 3D-desings and models with the same logic as with the T-shirts. If you design a phone holder or a keychain. You can sell the model through services like Turbosquid, Shapeways or CGTrader. If you have a designer this gives you also a great way to make a portfolio with designs that are actually on sale.
A Georgia woman has sued her town over an ordinance requiring a doctor's prescription to buy a sex toy.
Melissa Davenport, who suffers from multiple sclerosis, told WFTV-TV that sexual devices saved her 24-year marriage.
“The nerve pathways interfered (with) going to my intimate areas, to the point where I had no feeling,” said the 44-year-old Davenport.
She filed the lawsuit against the city of Sandy Springs because she doesn't think the government should regulate the private lives of its citizens.
“(Some people) have this dirty mind about how people are going to use it,” Davenport said. “People really do need devices because they need it for health reasons and to have a healthy intimate life with their spouse.”
The ordinance prohibits the sale of sexual devices without a legitimate medical, scientific, educational, legislative, judicial, or law enforcement purpose.
Legal experts have interpreted the law to mean that potential customers would need a doctor's prescription or some other proof they intend to use the device for one of the permitted purposes.
“The ordinance basically says the government can stick its nose in your bedroom and say you can use this but not that,” said Davenport's attorney, Gerry Weber.
He said the ordinance violated the due process clause of the Fourteenth Amendment, which provides a right to privacy.
“People have the right to decide for themselves whether these devices help their intimate life, and the government has no business being the bedroom and second guessing that decision,” Weber said.
The city is expected to file a response next month to the lawsuit, which seeks only a finding that the ordinance is unconstitutional.
Watch this video report posted online by WFTV-TV:
Your message has been sent successfully
The official portraits of President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence are finally here. Though it took nine months to commission, create and release them, it was mere minutes before they were meme-ified on Twitter.
After delays, the White House is distributing official portraits of President Trump and Vice President Pence. https://t.co/PatYnD4GIq — The Associated Press (@AP) October 31, 2017
The long wait for the creation and release is perhaps because Trump was waiting for the August renovations of the Oval Office to be finished, reported CNN. Obama's portrait, on the other hand, was released in February of 2009, merely a month after his inauguration.
Advertisement:
White House photographer Shealah Craighead took Trump's portrait, while Pence's was taken by his photographer, D. Myles Cullen, said CNN. From there on out, it was all about the Twitter response.
See, if there's one thing that's true of Twitter users, it's that they don't miss an opportunity to drag the hell out of anyone — and Trump's and Pence's bizarrely emoji-like expressions in the photos made it all too easy. Quickly, hundreds of users were channeling their creative energy into what became a satirical, photo-altering extravaganza, one big and funny enough to turn the president's cartoon smile upside-down.
Here are just some of the highlights.
BREAKING: White House releases official portrait of Trump. pic.twitter.com/ghmp8Plqnj — Steve Elde (@steve_elde) October 31, 2017
The @WhiteHouse Releases the Official Portraits of President Donald J. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence... pic.twitter.com/4JhlzGmCIE — Dandelion Dollar💸 (@DandelionDollar) October 31, 2017
White House released the official Trump portrait yesterday and check out this badly photoshopped neck blur pic.twitter.com/IGxKrR4HMU — Sarah Burris (@SarahBurris) November 1, 2017
Hmmm . . .is it just coincidence that they released Trump's portrait on Haloween? #@POTUS #@realDonaldTrump — Tiredame (@Tiredame1) October 31, 2017
And since nine months is a long time to wait, some Twitter users just couldn't resist getting creative even before the portraits were released:
If nothing else in these times of strife and division, at least the internet remains consistently entertaining.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- There are a lot of bad guys running around Cleveland.
But by and large the cops are not among them.
As I watch all the attention being paid to Saturday's tragic police shooting of 12-year-old Tamir Rice, who, police say, reached for a gun that turned out to be a replica that shoots pellets, I can't stop thinking about the real bad guys – such as the one who murdered five people Friday in one house on the city's East Side. The victims included a woman, her newborn child and a 17-year-old girl.
The bad guy even shot at a 9-year-old girl in the house, who was grazed and survived. This bad guy is running free.
A few hours later, on Saturday morning, two men were murdered in their car on the city's East Side. Little is known about their deaths other than perpetrator or perpetrators remain free.
Bad guys murdered seven people in one weekend.
Rice's death is no less important. But I can't throw it in the weekend tally, at least not yet. The cop who shot him is not a murderer.
His actions were captured by a surveillance camera, though the city refuses to release the footage. When it does, we will be able to scrutinize the cop's actions.
On Monday, Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson led a news conference with police officials to promise that the city will do a thorough and transparent investigation into Rice's death, a message weakened by the city's refusal to identify the officer or release the footage. The effort is an obvious attempt to neutralize potential unrest that is triggered by cop shootings, if Ferguson, Missouri, is any indication.
The mayor opened his remarks by noting Rice's age – but also of the ages of the other young people killed this weekend. Jackson said he has grandchildren of the same ages. The point was heartfelt, and reminded the public that real bad guys murdered others this weekend.
The shooting of the boy – perhaps the youngest kid intentionally shot by police in Cleveland's history – has attracted worldwide media attention. It's also attracted the interest of Anonymous, the often-sinister group of hackers that target institutions and governments it deems incompetent. Anonymous has come after the City of Cleveland, claiming credit for shutting down the city's website on Monday. In a video message posted on YouTube, Anonymous taunted, "Police of the United States you will learn in due time once anonymous has shut down your sites that we will not stand for your ignorant untrained rookie cops."
Such threats only distract police from catching the man in a mask who murdered five people. Shouldn't Anonymous care about that?
Also, there is another death getting lost in the frenzy around Rice's death, that of the 37-year-old Tanisha Anderson. She is the Cleveland woman with a mental illness who died Nov. 13 after an altercation with police. Police are probing the officers' use of force. Police will not say whether the officers received the 40 hours of specialized crisis intervention training administered to hundreds of officers through the Cuyahoga County Board of Alcohol, Drug Addiction and Mental Health Services.
No one mentioned Anderson at the Monday's press conference. Her family and community activists were holding a prayer vigil for her Saturday afternoon when news spread that across town that Cleveland police had shot Rice.
The deaths of Anderson and Rice come at a time when the U.S. Justice Department is investigating the police department's use of deadly force, which could result soon in some form of federal oversight.
The Cleveland police department needs better supervision, better training and policies. But that doesn't make the cops the bad guys.
I read that George Bush served as president from 1989 to 1993, but that he came back again in 2001 and served until 2009. I learned in school that presidents can only serve two terms. This is weird. Is it because he served one term, didn't run again, but came back later. So could Clinton come back and run...
I read that George Bush served as president from 1989 to 1993, but that he came back again in 2001 and served until 2009. I learned in school that presidents can only serve two terms. This is weird. Is it because he served one term, didn't run again, but came back later. So could Clinton come back and run America again since he didn't run right away for a third term. This is strange. Can you run for president more than twice if you sit out one term? How did Bush do it?
In an exclusive interview, Ted Livingston divulges the motivations behind creating Kin Tokens, the Kin Foundation, and taking Kik to the Ethereum blockchain.
The Kik Messenger app is among the most widely used chat messengers globally. Recently, ETHNews had an opportunity to speak to Kik CEO and Founder Ted Livingston about Kik's new cryptocurrency, the Kin token, the Kin Foundation, and some of the vision behind what lead Kik to the Ethereum blockchain.
Livingston described why Ethereum was chosen to launch the Kin token, saying, "We did look at quite a few blockchains. At the end of the day, it seemed like Ethereum was the obvious choice. It has wide adoption, a great platform, and ERC20 tokens that create liquidity right away."
In 2011, Livingston had his sights on Bitcoin, which he expressed interest in, but saw limitations because no one was getting paid in bitcoin; it lacked the liquidity one might ascribe to a currency and, instead, acted more like a vehicle for the storage of value. As an Ethereum-based ERC20 token, Livingston believes Kin will be able to unify liquidity alongside value storage because the fixed number of coins will create scarcity as demand rises.
To Livingston, the Kin token represents an opportunity to distribute value amongst developers. He said Kik realized that if Kik Points (a currency established by the messenger app back in 2014) were put on the blockchain, it might be one of the most used cryptocurrencies in the world. Livingston asked:
"But what if instead of just doing that, we then took a large chunk of that value and gave some away every day to developers to come build an open and decentralized ecosystem of apps with us? What if this became bigger than just Kik? What if we used a cryptocurrency to economically align potentially tens of thousands of developers to all work together to provide value to consumers in this new way where you're not trying to do advertising? You're not trying to sell stuff, whether it's physical or virtual, you're just trying to bring people together and get them providing value to each other through this shared cryptocurrency, Kin."
Livingston wanted to put himself in the developers' shoes to get an understanding of what would be important to them. He envisions The Kin Foundation as the manifestation of a not-for-profit governance organization that will ultimately be decentralized and autonomous. Livingston said that due to this autonomy, "as a developer you don't need to trust anybody, not even Kin."
The Kin Foundation will present developers who couldn't make money providing value to consumers a chance to earn through its Kin distribution model. Part of the reason for this, Livingston explains, is that advertising costs couple with consumers who want to get items for free, making it difficult for smaller developers to monetize their products and services. "You have all these developers out there who have built these great experiences ... but they just can't find a monetization model," Livingston explained. "They can't find a way to build a sustainable business." He described how huge companies have the data and ability to scale to get funding from advertisers and thereby provide everything else to users for free to garner attention, thus earning more advertising revenue. In so doing, these larger companies squeeze out smaller developers who need revenue to operate but cannot monetize a business model. The Kin Foundation is designed to support these developers and foster new innovations.
Livingston's focus is to create an ecosystem that's not based around advertising, but on users providing value to one another and being rewarded for it alongside developers who are also rewarded for generating content and transactions through the Kin network. According to Livingston, tying the currency to the blockchain provides two distinct advantages. "The first advantage is that you can guarantee the scarcity of the token. So once it's created, you can guarantee to everybody in the ecosystem ... there's never going to be any more of these."
He notes the second advantage that blockchains offer is that a token can be guaranteed forever. "Once you get it – because it's on the blockchain – that will forever be yours and you will control it. So what these two attributes of the blockchain let you do is really create value in a totally new way."
Kik has a few edges over its competitors, according to Livingston. It has a long history in chat; Livingston started the company in 2009. Livingston said Kik was the world's first platform to launch 100,000 bots from 100,000 developers in 2014. He also counts an amazing, tight-knit team as a significant factor in Kik's success. According to Livingston, these factors, alongside Kik's massive user base, make the company unique in the crypto-space.
Livingston foresees a future where Kik will give the world access to a marketplace using bot platforms and developers can create different experiences for users to engage them in spending Kin. "It could be fashion advice, it could be gaming, it could be any one of these different interests," said Livingston. He went on to say that because Kik will house the interface, users will easily be able to integrate with the services. "You don't need to download a new app. You don't need to create a new account , you don't even need to learn a new interface ... it's just right there in the [Kik] app."
The world awaits uniform regulation from lawmakers who are still ruminating over policies to govern cryptocurrencies and the technology supporting them. Livingston believes that regulation for blockchain technology should maximize the safety of consumers, but also warns that regulations have a history of dampening innovation risk, thereby pushing developers to other countries. He said, "This is a new innovation and, like any new innovation, it creates new opportunities but also new challenges." He went on to say, "It's going to take some time and it really needs to be approached carefully. It will be a fine line; too much regulation, you'll kill [innovation], it will move to another country. Too little regulation and you won't be maximizing the safety of consumers."
Livingston identified an obstacle for Ethereum that developers are currently working to alleviate: scalability. "We think the scalability of the Ethereum network is the number one challenge for the industry to overcome," said Livingston. It's something the Kik team has put a lot of thought into. "If we wanted to give 5 kin to each of our users and do that on-chain ... it would eat up the entire capacity of the entire Ethereum network for 23 days." In the short term, Kik will employ an on-chain/off-chain option which is semi-centralized.
In the long run, Livingston foresees the integration of scalability as the culmination of what he calls "Blockchain 3.0." He explained that "Blockchain 1.0" was bitcoin and the ability to guarantee the scarcity of a digital asset. "Blockchain 2.0" came with Ethereum and the addition of executable distributed code contracts (EDCCs). "Blockchain 3.0" will mix together the utility of EDCCs, guaranteed scarcity, and the scalability that the network needs in order to process more transactions.
Livingston leaves an impression of excitement as he looks forward to the future of the industry. "Every week now another network does a token distribution event ... it sort of feels like the early days of mobile."
Sitting through those eight hours, though, can be tough. At least, at first. The opening installments of Season Four may play like a nightmare to devoted fans: And now, the story of a once-incredible TV show desecrated by weird pacing, inconsistent character motivation, shoehorned cameos, and so-so writing. Why start one of the most anticipated seasons of TV ever with extended exposition from culturally overexposed guests Kristen Wiig and Seth Rogen? Where's the dysfunctional ensemble we've been waiting to see reunited? Was creator Mitchell Hurwitz not able wrangle all the actors together long enough to film the bantertastic scenes that made the old episodes so richly rewatchable? And that banter, when it shows up—why does it feel so one-dimensional?
Happily, these questions have good answers, though they don't start to present themselves till halfway through the season. It's best to think of Netflix's Arrested not as a rebooted sitcom but rather as a spinoff in a different, new medium whose closest predecessor may be the postmodern novel (suddenly, HBO's Visit From the Goon Squad project seems more doable). Hurwitz & co. aren't telling one story sequentially, but rather a lot of stories concurrently, all of which interlock to a larger story. This was always sort of the case with the show's original run, during which small jokes would be foreshadowed and called back and amplified and remixed. But back then, maintaining TV-friendly, scene-to-scene momentum and humor mattered more than anything. Now, even though each installment features a few amusing standalone plotlines, the pieces that connect across episodes are the main attractions.
That's why rewatching the season premiere after getting through the finale is a revelation: Scenes that once seemed empty of character and action are now cluttered with those things, happening just outside of the frame but enriching what's happening within it. Situations that initially scanned as implausible, even in the show's screwball universe, end up being covers for different, more-thought-out situations explained later. Quips that had felt inert on first encounter reveal themselves as punchlines to set-ups 10 episodes later. And a mystery that's ostensibly unsolved at season's end actually seems solved if you rewind to season's start.
These are neat narrative tricks, which take advantage of how devouring a bundle of videos online differs from tuning into an episode on TV once a week. But they're also remarkably suited for the story that Arrested Development has always wanted to tell. This is a show about liars—twins switching identities to make a buck, kids pretending to be moguls, moguls pretending to be altruists, cheaters cheating on cheaters. By fragmenting the narrative into a half-dozen or so points of view, by withholding info from the viewer at the same time as characters withhold it from each other, the program makes us appreciate just how all this lying works, how levels of deception accumulate until it's nearly impossible to remember where the truth really is.
For the longest time. one of the major barriers to hobbyists and very small companies selling hardware with a USB port is the USB Implementers Forum. Each USB device sold requires a vendor ID (VID) and a product ID (PID) to be certified as USB compliant. Adafruit, Sparkfun, and the other big guys in the hobbyist market have all paid the USB Implementers Forum for a USB VID, but that doesn't help the guy in his garage hoping to sell a few hundred homebrew USB devices.
Arachnid Labs had an interesting idea to solve this problem. Since other USB device vendors such as Microchip and FTDI give away USB PIDs for free, a not for profit foundation could buy a VID, give PIDs away to foundation members making open source hardware, and we would all live in a magical world of homebrew devices that are certified as USB compliant.
This idea did not sit well with VTM Group, the people serving as the management, PR, legal, and membership and licensing department of the USB Implementers Forum. In a slightly disproportionate response, the VTM Group told Arachnid Labs to,
Please immediately cease and desist raising funds to purchase a unique USB VID for the purpose of transferring, reselling or sublicensing PIDs and delete all references to the USB-IF, VIDs and PIDs for transfer, resale or sublicense from your website and other marketing materials.
Interestingly, Arachnid Labs' and scores of other requests for an open source USB VID haven't hit the desk of anyone at the USB Implementers Forum, the people who are actually in charge of designating USB VIDs and PIDs. There are a number of ideas to get around VTM Group that include squatting on USB VID 0xF055, but we're at a loss why there couldn't be a foundation that gives out open source USB PIDs. Microchip, FTDI, and Openmoko do the same, so perhaps it's time to email some key people at HP, Intel, and Microsoft
Kindergarten student Javier Velsaco Lemus (center), sings in music class at Guilford Elementary school, February 6, 2015. The school system in Loudoun County, is one of the wealthiest counties in the U.S. by some measures. (Evelyn Hockstein/For The Washington Post)
The gap in math performance between poor students and their wealthier peers is due in large part to the systemically weaker math content in schools that teach low-income students, according to a new study released Wednesday.
In a peer-reviewed study published in the journal of the American Educational Research Association, researchers analyzed test scores of students who took the 2012 Programme for International Student Assessment, an international test given by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
They found that a large amount of the difference in math scores between poor and wealthier students can be traced to unequal access to strong math content in school. The researchers said the problem is worldwide and not isolated to the U.S.
But they estimated that nearly 40 percent of the gap in U.S. student performance in math can be traced to that unequal access; the researchers attributed the remaining 60 percent to family and community background.
“We've had this debate for some time about whether schooling can help at least lessen the impact of social class inequality,” said William H. Schmidt, one of the authors of the study. “That's part of the American Dream — if children come, take school seriously and work hard, they have a chance a better existence. But we find that the schools are making things worse, not helping.”
Schmidt, Nathan Burroughs, and Richard Houang, all of Michigan State University, and Pablo Zoido, of OECD, analyzed the test scores of 300,000 students, all either 15 or 16.
In nearly all the countries that gave the test, a significant amount of the difference in scores between low and high income students could be traced to weaker math content in the schools that teach low-income students.
And although “tracking” — teaching different groups of students different material — has been frowned upon in recent years by most U.S. public schools, the practice endures in a repackaged format, Schmidt said.
“There's a certain amount of tracking that still goes on, ” Schmidt said. “A lot of it is what I call shell games. If you look at transcripts, you'll see a school offers 10 different kinds of Algebra classes — Algebra 1, Algebra A, B and C and so on. And a parent thinks, ‘Oh, my kid is doing fine, he's taking Algebra.' But upon closer examination, that student is getting something different. And it's showing up in our analysis quite strongly.”
The study comes as record numbers of homeless and poor children are filling classrooms in U.S. public schools.
[First time in 50 years, a majority of kids are eligible for free and reduced lunch]
On average, across the 33 OECD countries studied, roughly one-third of the difference in math test scores between poor and wealthier students was due to unequal access to challenging math in school. But that factor varied across countries, from a low of 10 percent in Iceland and Sweden to almost 60 percent in the Netherlands, according to the study.
“One thing people say is ‘Oh, you can't make access more equal, social class is always related to what you're getting in school,'” Schmidt said. “But look at Sweden, where the social class inequity is greater than in the U.S. But all the kids get the same basic opportunities, the same content coverage. They've taken (the inequity) out of the schools.”
One solution may be the Common Core State Standards, a uniform set of K-12 math and reading academic standards rolled out by more than 40 states and the District of Columbia in the years since the PISA test that formed the basis for the new analysis, Schmidt said.
But the key is how the standards are applied to the classroom, and whether all students get access to the same content, particularly in the middle school and high school years, when grouping by “ability” is most prevalent, he said.
“Almost 40 percent of social class inequality is coming through schooling,” he said. “If we can just figure out policies that can eliminate that, we can lessen (inequality) by 40 percent. That's one big thing we can do about it.”
3.4k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
The Republican Party may have to spend precious resources defending Texas as Donald Trump is holding a single digit lead over Hillary Clinton in the Lone Star State.
A new University of Texas/Texas Politics Project Poll revealed a potential looming disaster for the GOP:
A University of Texas/Texas Politics Project poll shows Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton by a margin of 41 percent to 33 percent in a head-to-head trial ballot match-up in Texas, with 19 percent preferring someone else, and 8 percent saying that they don't yet know who they would vote for.
The margin between the two major candidates changed only slightly when Libertarian candidate Gary Johnston was included. In that three-way match-up, the results showed Trump at 39 percent, Clinton at 32 percent and Johnson at 7 percent.
Donald Trump only has a 53% favorable rating with Republicans in Texas. A majority of Republicans in the state who claimed to be supporting Trump (55%) said that their vote was really a vote against Hillary. Only 45% of Texas Republicans are voting in support of Trump.
Mitt Romney won Texas by 16 points but lost the national popular vote by 4 points in 2012. If Donald Trump only wins Texas by single digits, it would signal a double-digit popular vote loss nationally. If Texas does stay within single digits, it will be a sign that a national landslide may be coming for Democrats.
Trump not blowing Clinton out in Texas is a bad sign for Republicans. If Trump can't run up big margins in the dark red GOP strongholds, he will have no chance of competing in swing states or flipping blue states into the Republican column.
No Democratic presidential candidate has been within single digits in Texas since Bill Clinton lost the state to Bob Dole 48%-43% in 1996.
Two June polls show Clinton within single digits of Trump in Texas. If Trump can't win big in Texas, he will have no shot at winning the White House in November.
99
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Known as the Xiaomi Hongmi ("red rice," in Mandarin) in China, the dual-SIM 3G Redmi is the first handset from the company that is officially available outside of China, Taipei, and Hong Kong, and is set to retail online for both Singapore and Malaysia.
It's the first time the company is launching a handset in countries where Chinese is not the main language, and to start off with a budget handset seems like a bold move, except for the fact the Redmi is more than what it seems. Despite a low price of just $133 (S$169), the cheap Android smartphone packs plenty of punch.
Design
The Redmi's design feels pretty standard, it's your usual rectangular smartphone with slightly curved corners. With no sharp edges, though, the phone doesn't dig into your palm. The 4.7-inch IPS display sports a 1,280x720-pixel resolution, which means you won't have to worry about fuzzy fonts when browsing the Web.
The handset feels solid despite being made of plastic -- there's a comfortable heft in its 158g weight. The overall build quality feels very much like something Nokia makes, and that's a very good thing, especially for those who have encountered low-quality Chinese OEM handsets before.
Aloysius Low/CNET
The rear cover is removable, and you can also swap it out for a different color. Xiaomi will also be retailing a bunch of soft gel protective cases for just $7 (S$9), which add a different hue to the handset as well. I found the cases to be pretty well made despite their price, and this means you don't have to spend a bomb to accessorize.
Underneath the cover is where you'll find the removable 2,000mAh battery, and I'm told that you can also get an extra battery for just $8 (S$10), and in a different color, though no one (besides yourself) will ever see it.
The power and volume buttons are found on the right, and are easily in reach when holding the smartphone with one hand. Speakers are located at the back near to the camera, which means you won't block it with your palm when holding it.
Features
While it only has 3G connectivity, the handset will work almost anywhere in the world. The phone also comes with dual-SIM capability, allowing you to easily have two lines active on your handset. However, only one SIM will have 3G activated (the second SIM supports GPRS data), and ideally, while you can use data on both SIMs, it's probably a good idea to use it on the 3G line for faster speeds.
The Redmi runs a modified version of Android, called MIUI v5. If you're a person who likes to tinker with your phone, or perhaps, have even rooted it and installed a few ROMs, then you may be familiar with MIUI. If this is your first experience with the OS, there are a few features that will reel you in.
Aloysius Low/CNET
Right from the lock screen are a bunch of options when you touch the unlock key. You can swipe the button in four directions to either quickly turn on the camera, access your text messages or the phone dialer. Holding down the home button when the phone is locked will also turn on the flashlight, which is quite a convenient feature.
Once you unlock the phone, you'll find your normal home screen, but unlike stock Android, MIUI resembles iOS here, as there's no app drawer and your apps are located on the home screens. Like the Huawei Honor 3X, there's also a Themes app for you to customize the UI's look and feel.
Once Upon a Time is planning a big chill for Season 4, with the introduction of not just Queen Elsa but other Frozen characters as well.
PHOTOS | Frozen‘s Elsa Is Coming to Once Upon a Time — Our Top 10 Picks to Play Her
TVLine has learned that casting is now underway for the aforementioned conflicted ice queen — who was glimpsed (and played by a stand-in) at the close of Season 3 — as well as her sister Anna and ice merchant Kristoff. Elsa will appear in approximately nine episodes, the others a bit less. (Hey, maybe Kristoff runs Henry's favorite ice cream shoppe?)
And before you ask: As previously reported by TVLine, the show bosses laughed and offered a “No comment” on the prospect of a CGI Olaf showing up.
RELATED | Once Upon a Time Creators Preview Season 4's Frozen Twist
In Disney's animated blockbuster, Elsa, Anna and Kristoff were voiced by Idina Menzel, Kristen Bell and Jonathan Groff. The ABC' series' character breakdowns are below — spoilers for the movie Frozen, be warned! — so give 'em a close read and hit the Comments with your dream casting suggestions.
ELSA | The Queen of Arendelle, this late-20s/early-30s beauty long struggled to control her “chilling” powers and even unleashed upon her town an eternal winter during her coronation. Ultimately, she realized that the key to controlling her powers is love — namely, her bond with sister Anna — and now she is aware of the threat she poses if she were to lose control of her magic again (in which instance Vancouver weather could rival Winnipeg's!)
ANNA | Elsa's slightly younger sister is a fun-loving, fearless optimist who often gets herself into situations where she is in over her head, yet is able to triumph due to her resourcefulness and can-do spirit. She values her relationship with her sister above all else.
KRISTOFF | This handsome, hearty, salt-of-the-earth ice cutter spent most of his life alone (unless you count his reindeer). He has a sometimes-gruff demeanor that can hide his deep love for Anna and her sister Elsa. When we first meet Kristoff on Once, he is adjusting to life at the castle — including sleeping indoors for the first time in his life.
Want more scoop on Once Upon a Time Season 4? Email insideline@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line. UPDATE: Do not email me about “audition” information.
Advertisement
The last tiger of Palestine - rescued from a crumbling zoo in August - has taken his first joyous leaps to a new life at an enclosure 1,000 times the size of his hell-hole cage.
Laziz will now live out his days on the veldt of South Africa with the sun on his back and the sights and sounds of 18 other freed tigers in enclosures all around him.
The Daily Mail was granted exclusive access to Laziz when he took his great walk to freedom in the land of Nelson Mandela this week.
Paws used to filthy sand combined with a meagre diet of the wrong kind of food left Laziz lethargic and nervous: an apex predator uncertain of his own strengths and capabilities, seeming almost frightened of his own shadow cast in the afternoon glare.
Scroll down for video
Laziz will now live out his days on the veldt of South Africa with the sun on his back and the sights and sounds of 18 other freed tigers in enclosures all around him
The last tiger of Palestine - rescued from a crumbling zoo in August - has taken his first joyous leaps to a new life at an enclosure 1,000 times the size of his hell-hole cage
Laziz remained in a squalid cage at the zoo in the Gaza Strip ever since he was brought through a smuggling tunnel from Egypt as a cub
Aged around nine now - no-one is quite certain - he spent the last two years of his life at the zoo near Gaza City living amid the bleached bones of the other animal inmates who had gradually died off
But within hours of arriving at the Lion's Rock Big Cat Sanctuary 250 miles from Johannesburg, Laziz was delighting the rangers and vets who will care for him until he dies.
When the hatch went up on his hectare-sized enclosure into an adjacent feeding area, Laziz jumped as if for joy to get to the beef strewn around for him to enjoy.
Portions of his meal were placed on to the roof of a shelter when he can sleep during the midday heat after dining. Laziz had never jumped before: there was never enough room in his squalid cage at the zoo in the Gaza Strip where he had lived ever since he was brought through a smuggling tunnel from Egypt as a cub.
But he proved he was up to the task as all 300lbs of rippling feline flesh was suddenly supported on his back legs as he stretched to get at the nourishment denied him for so long.
Aged around nine now - no-one is quite certain - he spent the last two years of his life at the zoo near Gaza City living amid the bleached bones of the other animal inmates who had gradually died off.
In August in an operation dubbed Operation Noah's Ark the Mail witnessed the rescue of Laziz and 13 other creatures by the international animal welfare charity Four Paws.
He sat in his cage day after day, teased by the children who came up close to his bars to throw nuts and stones at him. At night there was no cooling dip in a water bath - something that all tigers enjoy
Laziz was fed mostly on chicken carcasses and rotten fruit: foodstuffs which gave him few of the nutrients he needs to thrive
In August in an operation dubbed Operation Noah's Ark the Mail witnessed the rescue of Laziz and 13 other creatures by the international animal welfare charity Four Paws
They were the only survivors of a population that once numbered 65. Israel's blockade of Gaza, bombings and food shortages combined with a basic lack of animal husbandry by the zoo owner created a perfect storm of misery for him and all the other animals there.
Laziz was fed mostly on chicken carcasses and rotten fruit: foodstuffs which gave him few of the nutrients he needs to thrive.
He sat in his cage day after day, teased by the children who came up close to his bars to throw nuts and stones at him. At night there was no cooling dip in a water bath - something that all tigers enjoy.
He could not even view the stars in the clear sky overhead. Every day was the same monotonous circle of misery for him and the other animals.
In 2007 around 90 percent of the animals were smuggled into the hermetically sealed territory through the tunnels dug by Hamas fighters used to bring in weapons, food, fuel and medicines.
They were brought in on the whim of a man who thought Palestinians would enjoy a distraction from their grim everyday lives through marvelling at a menagerie of wild things.
Within hours of arriving at the Lion's Rock Big Cat Sanctuary 250 miles from Johannesburg, Laziz was delighting the rangers and vets who will care for him until he died
The Daily Mail was granted exclusive access to Laziz when he took his great walk to freedom in the land of Nelson Mandela this week
Paws used to filthy sand combined with a meagre diet of the wrong kind of food left Laziz lethargic and nervous: an apex predator uncertain of his own strengths, seeming almost frightened of his own shadow cast in the afternoon glare
It is known that two baby elephants died in the troglodyte causeways linking Gaza to Egypt. But the rest of the exotic beasts made it through - only to be plunged into endless torment.
They were destined for the cages and compounds of the Khan Younis Zoo - one of several in the territory. Local entrepreneur Mohammed Awaida opened South Forest Park in 2007 and invested hundreds of thousands of pounds into it.
Gaza residents were eager to pay money to see a crocodile, lions, ostriches, snakes, monkeys, turtles, deer, a llama, a lion and two tigers among the animals on display.
But Gaza is not Windsor or Longleat. Its repeated conflicts with Israel not only caused numerous civilian deaths but those of God's lesser creatures.
A number died in fighting in 2008, more in 2014 when Israel launched mammoth retaliatory raids on Gaza in a bid to stop DIY rocket attacks on to its territory by Hamas militants pledged to its destruction.
'It was after the 2014 fighting that the Khan Younis Zoo came on our radar,' said Dr. Amir Khalil, director of the mission launched by the Four Paws charity that plucked the survivors to safety.
Dr Amir Khalil inspects one of the mummifed animals that sat next to Laziz's cage during his time in the Gaza zoo
Laziz was able to jump around for the first time as all 300lbs of rippling feline flesh was suddenly supported on his back legs as he stretched to get at the nourishment denied him for so long
'It was clear that this was a failing place. Food, medicine, basic care for the animals - everything was in short supply and they were paying for it with their lives.
'The concept of a zoo came to the owner because he had probably seen a successful one elsewhere in the territory and decided to copy it. He might just have easily seen a mobile phone shop and copied that instead.
'After 2014 the health of these animals was deteriorating rapidly. Four Paws took the decision to rescue them. It has been an incredibly difficult, complex and delicate operation, not least because of the situation Gaza finds itself.'
Most of the animals - deer, porcupines, a pelican, tortoises among them - went to a wildlife sanctuary in neighbouring Jordan.
But for Laziz, there was one more journey to take after the truck ride from Gaza to Israel.
'He was sedated for the flight to Johannesburg, crated up and flown out hours after he was rescued,' said Four Paws director Ioana Dungler, 36, who was at the complex built on the site of a former ranch where big cats were once bred for the hunting rifles of rich men.
Most of the animals - deer, porcupines, a pelican, tortoises among them - that we rescued went to a wildlife sanctuary in neighbouring Jordan. But for Laziz, there was one more journey to take after the truck ride from Gaza to Israel
When the hatch went up on his hectare-sized enclosure into an adjacent feeding area, Laziz jumped as if for joy to get to the beef strewn around for him to enjoy
'From the first moment of his arrival here we could see that he was a little bit special. We have many tigers here - rescued from terrible zoos or circuses in Europe - and we get to know them all.
'Laziz is fiercely intelligent. He was a little bit baffled at first, trading a home of 10 square metres or so for one that is 1,000 times greater in size, but all his instincts came back to him in a flash.
'He learned to jump, he craned his head to hear the roar of the other tigers. He can rake his claws as nature intended on tree trunks. Most of all he is getting the food and care he needs.'
The kilos of beef he downs each week is dusted with a special nutritional powder to help build back muscle-mass that atrophied during his long years of incarceration.
With the right care he can be expected to live as much as two more decades in the sanctuary which generates cash by offering accommodation and guided visits for tourists to view the tigers, lions, antelopes and ostriches which inhabit the park.
Ioana went on; 'Laziz was introduced to another tiger for the first time this week, albeit that they were separated by a fence. He was very curious to see another like him for the first time.
'We will have to see in the future if he can actually be introduced to another one close up because tigers are very hard to socialise and are usually solitary creatures.
You can't move for Kardashians at the moment, they seem to be everywhere.
Quite literally - LA-based street Artist Plastic Jesus (famous for his cocaine-snorting Oscar statue) got annoyed with being held up in traffic recently by a paparazzi scrum surrounding one or another of the sisters leaving a shop.
So he decided to do something about it.
He came up with the idea of banning the family from parking in several Los Angeles hotspots.
The artist created several signs which he bolted to other notices around Melrose Avenue, Robertson (near the Ivy restaurant) and elsewhere, reading No Kardashian Parking Any Time.
The artist explained to Newsbeat what the signs were inspired by.
"There is gridlock caused whenever one of the Kardashian family do simple basic things, shopping, eating out or pumping gas.
"The Kardashians have become a media cultural phenomenon, sadly at the expense of real news."
He said that the installation was intended not as an attack on the Kardashians, but on "us, both the media and the consumer".
He went on: "Media is circulation-driven, or more recently by hits on websites. Without our unending desire to consume this content this will continue."
The LAPD reportedly view the signs as vandalism, something Plastic rejects.
"The signs are only intended to be a temporary installation, like many other parking and driving signs around LA, they will be removed in the very near future."
UPDATE: As of Thursday morning, the official Plastic Jesus Twitter account confirmed his team has taken down the signs.
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
Rob Holding says Laurent Koscielny's presence made playing in a 3-5-2 formation at Middlesbrough much easier than he also revealed his only previous experience in a three-man defence was an away defeat suffered during his Bolton days against the same opponents.
The England under-21 international, making his 11th appearance of the season, looked calm and composed on the left side of the centre-back trio even though he didn't know until late that he'd be replacing the injured Shkodran Mustafi.
Reflecting on Monday's 2-1 win, Holding told Arsenal Player: “Koscielny was the central one, pulling the strings with us both and telling us where to go and that, so with someone like him and his experience it makes it a lot more comfortable.
“I've played once before in a back three and it was actually here on my Championship debut with Bolton.
“We lost 3-0 so that was a bit different to this one, but I've played in a back three before and you've just got to keep working together and communicating and as long as you keep sliding across as a unit then you're alright.
“We'd done it in the week and then we did it yesterday [Sunday] but I wasn't in the team and I wasn't sure if I was playing or not and it wasn't until today that I found out I was in the back three, so that was good.
“With those two [Gabriel and Laurent Koscielny] alongside you it's a lot easier.”
It remains to be seen whether Arsene Wenger will stick with the formation for Sunday's FA Cup semi-final with Manchester City although the boss hinted it was likely to be more of a short-term move.
“Overall I felt that it worked quite well because we won the game,” he told Arsenal Player after the match.
“We had practiced on it before at some stage, (but) we like offensive football so this was a bit more defensive-minded for us.
“I feel overall it is not a long-term plan, but punctually it can work.”
The BC Humanist Association affirms that in a secular country like Canada, the state has a clear duty of religious neutrality, meaning it must neither endorse nor prohibit any belief or non-belief.
As part of our Secular Schools campaign, we have fought against the distribution of Gideon Bibles in public schools as it suggests a state endorsement of a religious belief and discriminates against those who do not share that belief. Similarly, we've supported our allies in Alberta and Saskatchewan who are fighting to end the practice of reciting the Lord's Prayer, which still happens in some public schools in those provinces.
At the same time, I've spoken in support of the importance of teaching about religious and secular worldviews in an objective way, as is mandatory in the Quebec curriculum. Our own polling has found strong support for the idea of teaching about religion and strong opposition to encouraging students to practice a specific religion.
Our ultimate aim is that individuals – particularly vulnerable children – should be able to practice any religion or none, free from coercion.
So naturally, we were concerned when we learned that a Port Alberni mother claimed her child was forced to participate in an indigenous spiritual ceremony at school and that she has since sued the district over it.
Among the calls to action of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission's report on residential schools was to improve education about First Peoples and their culture in Canadian schools. In BC this has taken shape as a government mandate for schools to incorporate aboriginal culture, language and history.
School districts are now scrambling to create lessons and to involve local First Nations in demonstrations for students. In Port Alberni, it seems this took the shape of having a smudging ceremony performed in several classrooms, with students taking part.
Members of the local Nuu-chah-nulth First Nation claim the ceremony is a spiritual and cultural part of their way of life, rather than a religious practice. However, while indigenous beliefs are not structured in the same way as those of the Catholic Church, they still meet the criteria set out by the Ontario Human Rights Commission*. While the parent doesn't set out what her or her child's beliefs are in their submissions to the court, they do argue that being required to participate in this ceremony would be an affront to their religious beliefs.
So as Humanists and secularists, we stand with the parent in speaking out against the forced participation of students in such a ceremony.
But that's not the end of the story.
Following the mother's original complaint, the School District apologized for the incident and committed to reviewing its policies to ensure that it's clear in the future that participation in these types of demonstrations is always voluntary. The Nuu-chah-nulth First Nation has also said that they do not want to see anyone forced to participate in their cultural practices.
Priscilla Watts, a Nuu-chah-nulth woman, writes:
In regards to the children being told they must participate, that was indeed not ok. I can only imagine at this time that a well meaning teacher thought it would be seen as disrespectful for some children to not participate. That isn't the case at all. When we are sharing our culture with others it should be a choice whether one wants to participate or to observe. Bearing witness to our culture is just as powerful as participating. The act of witnessing is acknowledged and practiced in many Indigenous cultures and can also be a teachable moment for those students who are non-Indigenous or Indigenous from other Nations in BC and Canada.
The mother also claims that an elder included a prayer in a presentation at a school assembly. On its face, this is also problematic but the context can be important. Students learning about Catholicism could watch a video of the Pope mention a prayer without it being an endoresment. Watts continues:
Nevertheless, when a dancer recites a prayer before they perform a dance that is not intended to indoctrinate anyone into Indigenous spirituality, nor could it. Our culture cannot be joined just because one has heard a prayer in our language, we are not seeking to recruit anyone. It is actually a fundamental part of the dance, it further shows our traditions around the interconnectedness of all things. Spirit, mind, body, land, animals, etc.
The line between demonstrating a religious practice and endorsing it is thin and blurry. Humanists will likely not agree on whether this prayer as part of a demonstration was appropriate or not - I'm not sure myself - but these are important conversations to have as we move forward.
Unfortunately, with a lack of resources to implement the well-meaning goal of integrating aboriginal content into their lessons, many school districts are bound to struggle. It's unlikely that this is the only case where the line is crossed from learning about and observing a spiritual ceremony to requiring religious participation. In fact, we have received a few unconfirmed reports of such incidents occurring elsewhere in the province.
These are not simple black and white issues. Learning about different worldviews is an important path to promoting tolerance and pluralism and seeing these practices first hand can be a far more effective lesson than reading about it from a textbook. However, the fundamental importance of keeping our classrooms free from coercion must not be given up to otherwise good intentions.
Finally, the BC Humanist Association has not yet had to turn to the courts to achieve our success in challenging religious privilege in BC schools. Through collaboration with school districts, First Nations groups, teachers and parents, I'm hopeful that we can start to allay these concerns and work towards a better understanding of practices.
*Note: The best definition I've come across for religion in Canadian law is this policy on creed from the Ontario Human Rights Commission (the BC Human Rights Commission was abolished in 2003). I'm not a lawyer but in my experience the BC Human Rights Code and the Charter of Rights and Freedoms are generally interpreted using these criteria. The OHRC uses creed roughly interchangeably with religion, only “creed may also include non-religious belief systems.” For clarity, the OHRC defines creed as something that:
Is sincerely, freely and deeply held
Is integrally linked to a person's identity, self-definition and fulfilment
Is a particular and comprehensive, overarching system of belief that governs one's conduct and practices
Addresses ultimate questions of human existence, including ideas about life, purpose, death, and the existence or non-existence of a Creator and/or a higher or different order of existence
Has some “nexus” or connection to an organization or community that professes a shared system of belief.
From these points, I think it's fairly non-controversial to view the smudging ceremony as a religious exercise.
Banner image credit: University of the Fraser Valley Flickr
Sign up to receive updates from the BC Humanist Association
by Shane Stokes
Today's sixth stage of the Presidential Tour of Turkey may well see the general classification settled with the second – and final – summit finish of the race taking place at Selcuk.
Twenty-year-old Eritrean rider Merhawi Kudus is one of the big dangermen – well, big in the metaphorical sense of the word, as he's very light – for race leader Rein Taaramae. The MTN Qhubeka rider is fourth overall, level on time with third-placed Romain Hardy (Cofidis) and fifth-placed Luis Leon Sanchez (Caja Rural). He is just 38 seconds off the leader's turquoise jersey and could move a lot closer today if things go well.
Kudus only turned 20 in January but despite his youth, he has already shown his talent in the sport. He won a stage and finished second overall in the 2013 Tour of Eritrea, then clocked up second in the Vuelta a Leon, 11th in the Tour de l'Avenir, 15th in the world under 23 championships and third in the African cycling championships.
This year his progress has continued with a string of good results; second on the Genting Highland stage of the Tour de Langkawi led to an eventual second overall, then he was third overall in the Mzansi Tour. This week he was fourth on the Elmali mountain stage in the Tour of Turkey, putting him in a high position overall.
He crashed on Wednesday's fourth stage of the race and began Thursday's leg with a bandage on his arm and a noticeable limp. “I have pain now but I'll try to finish the race,” the quietly spoken rider told CyclingTips before the start.
He did more than that, attacking hard with seven kilometres to go to leave the bunch on a drag and bridge across to Torku's Mirac Kal and Marco Canola (Bardiani CSF). While they were reeled in by the sprinters' teams once the road went downhill, the attack showed his strong form and his intent to be aggressive in the remaining days.
Kudu speaks about the Tour of Turkey in the video above and also talks about what comes next. “I am working hard for my future,” he said. “I will do the Tour de Suisse so I try to fight with them at a high level in Europe.”
His programme this year should also see him do the Tour of Austria and the world championships, but while he is one of MTN Qhubeka's best climbers, he doesn't want to compete in a Grand Tour at this point. “My team is already part of the Vuelta a España but for me it is too early. I will speak with my team first but my idea is that it is too early to do the Vuelta a España [in 2014].”
He's got ambition and talent, but also common sense; he knows that his youth means that time is on his side and the chance to do other three week races will come. Kudu wants to develop gradually, but it's clear that he's a major talent and could be decimating climbs for years to come.
Looking at him around his team-mates, he appears to be happy where he is at MTN Qhubeka. “We are the first African riders [first African team – ed.] in a Grand Tour. I am really proud, really happy. It is good chance for African riders to show their talent in Europe. It is a good opportunity.”
Coming Soon
My Husband Won't Fit
Kumiko and Kenichi meet in college and build a happy marriage together. But over time, an unusual problem threatens to destroy their relationship.
THE STRANGER
Secrets, violence and a conspiracy send family man Adam Price on a desperate quest to uncover the truth about the people closest to him.
Rudy Ray Moore
When Hollywood shut him out in the 1970s, multi-talented Rudy Ray Moore created his own work, including the well-known blaxploitation film, "Dolemite."
Wizards: Tales of Arcadia
The trolls, aliens and wizards living in Arcadia face off in an apocalyptic battle for control of their magical world. Created by Guillermo del Toro.
Baahubali: Before the Beginning
Based on Anand Neelakantan's book, this prequel series to India's epic fantasy franchise traces the dramatic rise of Queen Sivagami and her empire.
Tiffany Haddish Stand Up Special
Tiffany Haddish brings her brash, barrier-breaking brand of comedy to Netflix with an exclusive one-hour stand-up special.
ReMastered: The Lion's Share
A journalist seeking the author of "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" discovers the story of Solomon Linda and finds his family living in the slums of Soweto.
Elisa & Marcela
In 1901 in Galicia, Spain, Elisa Sánchez Loriga adopts a male identity in order to marry another woman, Marcela Gracia Ibeas. Based on true events.
The prime minister of Kosovo's brother was among more than a million migrants who sought asylum in Germany last year.
Isa Mustafa, the Kosovan premier, confirmed that his brother Ragip requested asylum in Germany just days before he was hosted for official talks by Angela Merkel.
“I read that my brother was an asylum-seeker to get medical help. This is true," Mr Mustafa wrote on his Facebook page.
“This shows that my family members also face the same destiny as other citizens.”
The extraordinary admission is likely to provoke anger in Germany, where economic migrants from Kosovo are widely seen as abusing Mrs Merkel's “open-door” refugee policy.
Mr Mustafa defended his brother's actions on the grounds he is suffering from an undisclosed serious condition and was seeking medical treatment that is not available in Kosovo.
“Now he is back in Kosovo and his condition is very grave,” Mr Mustafa wrote.
The prime minister was forced to make the admission after Insajderi, a Kosovan news site, reported his brother's asylum bid.
Several other members of his family had also requested asylum in Germany, Mr Mustafa said.
“On the wave of migration, I want to be open with you, nieces and nephews also went but they are back now,” he wrote.
It is almost impossible for migrants from Kosovo to be granted asylum in Germany, because the country is considered stable.
But that did not deter some 70,000 Kosovans seeking asylum in EU countries between October 2014 and March 2015, after a relaxation of travel rules made it possible for them to reach the EU through Serbia.
Ragip Mustafa entered the EU through Hungary before it closed its border with Serbia last year, according to Insajderi.
He first applied for asylum in France, before applying in Germany in June 2015.
It appears his application was rejected, as he is now back in the Kosovan capital, Pristina.
Mr Mustafa said he underwent surgery for his medical condition late last year in neighbouring Albania.
Kosovo has since been added to a list of “safe countries” in Germany, meaning asylum applications from its citizens can be rapidly rejected.
There is considerable public anger in Germany that many economic migrants entered the country last year posing as Syrian refugees.
SALT LAKE CITY — The Utah Medical Association is making a public stand against the term "medical marijuana," calling it deceptive as it pertains to debates about the legality of the whole plant.
State lawmakers, however, have more ambiguous feelings about the phrase.
There is not yet enough research to argue in good faith for legalization of the whole marijuana plant on the basis of its medical benefits, Utah Medical Association CEO Michelle McOmber told KSL on Wednesday.
"We are not opposed to cannabis-based medicine, we are just saying the whole plant is not medicine. ... When you call something by that name, that's the assumption that the general public makes," McOmber said.
McOmber said a substantial amount of additional research is required before the whole marijuana plant can be referred to as medicinally beneficial. In fact, she added, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration "has not approved any whole plant as medicine, at all, ever."
"The one thing about the whole ... you don't have a (proper) dose," she said. "You can't say to a patient, here's your seeds go plant it and then treat yourself."
McOmber argued that the term "medical marijuana" is deceptive because of the way it frames the issues of legalization and access to fence-sitters who otherwise know little about the topic. That person "would (assume) that it is approved by the medical community, that (doctors) would know what to prescribe," she said.
The Utah Medical Association, founded in 1895, is a professional networking organization that also participates in policy advocacy at the state level. The association's website describes itself as "the state's foremost advocacy arm for the profession, protecting and enhancing the environment in which medicine is practiced in Utah."
The organization is weighing in on the marijuana topic shortly before the start of the Utah Legislature's general session Monday. Two bills were introduced in the Utah Senate last year, proposing increased access to marijuana for people with certain medical conditions, but the measures ultimately faltered before the end of the session.
We are not opposed to cannabis-based medicine, we are just saying the whole plant is not medicine. –Michelle McOmber, UMA
State Sen. Todd Weiler, R-Woods Cross, last year voted in favor of S.B. 73 after it was amended to not include the whole marijuana plant for medicinal purposes. While he doesn't find the phrase "medical marijuana" troubling, he said he can understand the Utah Medica Association's point of view.
"I do think that the UMA is kind of underscoring the point that there is no reliable underlying scientific data, at least in the United States," supporting the medicinal value of the whole marijuana plant, Weiler told the Deseret News.
But Weiler added that there's precedent to use the phrase "medical marijuana" because of recognition the plant has received elsewhere in the United States.
"I think the term medical marijuana is being used nationwide because it has been legalized for medical use and recreational use in (other states)," he said.
Related
Physician urges lawmakers to fund medical marijuana research in Utah The only "medical marijuana" bill passed by Utah lawmakers in 2016 was a resolution urging the federal government to reclassify cannabis as a Schedule II drug, a change that would open the door to medical research.
Rep. Brad Daw, R-Orem, granted that arguing against the phrase "medical marijuana" is "on the one hand ... nitpicky," but said he understands the pushback. The phrase is a "sloppy term that really connotes very little," he said.
"I think what they're trying to get away from," Daw said, "is the notion that marijuana by itself is medicinal. There may be certain extracts of the plant (that are), but not the plant as a whole."
Sen. Evan Vickers, R-Cedar City drafted last year's senate bill that, after being amended, would allow qualifying patients access to marijuana extract products with low concentrations of THC, the plant's psychoactive ingredient, and high concentrations of CBD, another of the plant's components.
Vickers' bill lost the support of the Utah Medical Association after it was changed to increase its allowances for THC extract products. Vickers on Wednesday told the Deseret News that he believes some limited legislation making marijuana products available to patients can be appropriate, even without a new wave of research about the plant, which he said is heavily restricted by its federal classification.
"I think that there's probably value in trying to move forward incrementally," he said.
But Vickers added that he values the input of the Utah Medical Association on the issue.
"I understand why they would say that," he said of the association's objections.
Vickers plans to push for legislation concerning the regulation of marijuana or marijuana extract in the event that access to either are legalized in Utah. But he said it's unlikely he will get around to pushing for a bill similar to what he introduced last year, largely because of uncertainty about the federal government's new approach to marijuana laws under a new presidency.
Vickers added that the Utah Medical Association's stance carries a lot of weight in reference to marijuana legislation being considered.
"It would be pretty hard to pass something like that without having the UMA's support," he said. "I certainly respect their opinion."
Vickers, Daw and Weiler all agreed strongly with McOmber regarding one issue: The importance of finding a way to better research marijuana. Currently, the federal designation of marijuana as a Schedule I Controlled Substance places substantial restrictions on how it can be researched. But Daw said he and others are working on legislation for the upcoming session to make research into the plant more feasible within Utah.
×
Related Stories
By last January, people in Flint, Michigan, knew something was wrong with their water. It smelled and tasted bad. It was the color of rust. And they'd already been told it was contaminated with chemicals that can cause cancer.
Publicly, the state insisted all this was nothing to worry about. Privately, they made sure their own employees wouldn't have to drink Flint's water.
After a notice went out informing Flint residents that their water had unacceptable levels of total trihalomethanes — a chlorine byproduct that can cause cancer — the Flint office of the Department of Technology, Management, and Budget installed water coolers, according to an email obtained by Progress Michigan.
"While the City of Flint states that corrective actions are not necessary, [the department] is in the process of providing a water cooler on each occupied floor, positioned near the water fountain, so you can choose which water to drink," the department's facilities team wrote on January 7, 2015.
But the Department of Environmental Quality, which was notified about the budget department's decision to buy bottled water (and noted that "certain departments" seemed concerned about the water quality notice), was still insisting that the contaminated water was perfectly safe to drink.
"It's not like an eminent [sic] threat to public health," a briefing the department sent to Gov. Rick Snyder on February 1, 2015, reads in part. The DEQ went on to suggest that city officials were exaggerating the threat so they could get more money out of the state for infrastructure improvements.
It would take eight more months for the state to admit that the water in Flint really was unsafe. The budget department might have had clean drinking water provided by the state, but ordinary people in Flint did not.
DTMB Facility Notification
Samsung's new Galaxy 2 smartphone is a hot item, and a recent theft in Malaysia now has 1,400 units hot as in contraband. The company has confirmed that a $1 million load of the just-released phablet was stolen from an airport in Kuala Lumpur, The Chosun Ilbo reports.
The theft took place on October 20th, shortly after Samsung held a launch event for the device in Malaysia. News of the incident leaked out soon after, but Samsung's statement seems to be the first confirmation of the exact monetary value of the shipment.
As expected, police are looking into the matter, though the likelihood of recovering the phones is believed to be low.
The Ideal Mobile has published an alleged list of the IMEI numbers of the missing devices, presumably to allow interested customers to verify whether the handset they are purchasing is legal. The report also notes that Samsung's Malaysia division has said it will not honor the warranty for the stolen units.
Smartphone launches are increasingly becoming targets for thieves. In September, 191 iPhone 5 units were stolen from Japanese carrier stores. The Galaxy Note II theft cost Samsung significantly more, though, as the value of the boosted iPhone 5s was less than $200,000.
Samsung launched the Galaxy Note II in August. The 5.5-inch handset is powered by a 1.6 GHz quad-core processor and includes an improved screen and stylus. The first Galaxy Note was a hit, selling millions in months, and the company is putting plenty of marketing power behind this second launch.
The South Korean company has become the dominant leader of the global smartphone industry, with IDC's estimates suggesting that it sold twice as many devices as second-place Apple in the third quarter. All those devices have brought with them plenty of profit, as Samsung enjoyed yet another record quarter during the period, with $7.4 billion in earnings, up 91 percent year over year.
As the 2016 election cycle unfolds, political uncertainty is causing investors to reflect upon the real long-term threats to their own portfolios. It occurred to me recently that there are some striking similarities between the current rate of return on a residential solar PV investment and the rate of return one would have earned on a bond investment during the high-interest-rate era of the late 80s. Many people are dead set against bonds right now and for good reason. The fact is that bonds, or any interest-bearing vehicles for that matter (especially ones that are guaranteed like U.S. Treasury Bonds, the most secure bonds in the world), are just not paying anything. This certainly was not always the case.
In the late 80s, the investing public was typically earning an attractive 8.5 - 9.0% (and even more on high-risk bonds). Not surprisingly, many portfolios at that time were 100% invested in bonds. Today, the nominal interest rate is a paltry 1.6% or 1.7% and people are staying away, but imagine if rates were much higher. It's fair to say that - if investors could make 8 or 10% on their money, they would come back to the bond market in droves.
Actually, one can still earn such a high rate of return on such a low-risk investment. It's called solar PV. Here's how that scenario would unfold.
Consider a $15,000 investment in a hypothetical 8.0% yield, low-risk, 5-year bond vs. the same dollar amount invested in a solar PV system purchase for a home or a business. The bond would yield $1,200 in dividends annually ($100/month). An average sized residential solar system (6 kW) would cost about $15,000 installed (after 30% federal tax credit) and should routinely save a homeowner, depending on the utility territory, an estimated $125/month on their electric bill. Since power generated from the system would be covered under warranty, it's fair to consider solar low risk - unless you think your utility will go bankrupt or that the sun might not rise tomorrow morning. Notice how money saved on the electric bill could be looked at as a dividend. Now, when the 5-year bond matures, the investor would cash-in that bond and receive back their principal of $15,000.
Comparing this idea of cashing in a bond at maturity to a solar investment, let's say the investor wants to sell his or her home after five years. A study from Berkeley Lab looked at 22,000 homes sold in eight states from 1999 to 2013 and concluded that, as far as an investment goes, solar homeowners are able to increase the resale value of their homes by $4.00/Watt, which is more than the installed cost of the system in our example. In other words, dollar-for-dollar, they get their money back. (Click here for the full report). Ten years ago, solar PV investments were frequently compared to home improvement investments like remodeling a kitchen or bathroom, where owners do not get their money back. (also of note: there are 38 states that offer property tax exemptions for renewable energy). The Berkeley Lab study was a powerful finding and made it easy for investors to see the similarities between funds gained on the maturity of a bond and gains attributed to the addition of solar realized from the sale of a home.
By adding solar, a homeowner is able to hedge against the decreased purchasing-power effects of future electricity rate increases. Now, the range of electricity prices across the United States is wide, so the money saved by going solar will vary from state-to-state. A study concluded that the cost of electricity in California had risen at the rate of 6.7% per year during a 30-year period. Take our example again, looking beyond year five and factoring in future expected electricity rate increases. To be conservative, we will assume electricity costs increase by 5% per year. Let's look at the money saved (looks like a dividend, right?) as well as return on investment. Whereas the homeowner saves $1,500 in year 1, he or she saves $1,575 in year 2 because of the increased cost of future electricity, and so on. Thus, a 10% ROI in year 1 increases to an eye-popping 24.2% in year 20. The table below shows that a homeowner who adds solar today will have saved (earned) $49,597 in twenty years. By the same token, a homeowner who decides not to go solar today, will end up paying $49,597 extra for electricity in that same time period.
Forward-thinking investors tend to be good stewards of their resources while extrapolating what the future will hold. They would undoubtedly see that investing in solar is not only judicious for the investor but extremely practical. As the cost of electricity predictably rises, negatively impacting the purchasing power of future money, solar energy becomes an attractive, financially appealing investment. Those whose portfolios factor in longevity as well as diversification will wisely venture into areas that bode well for their economic futures. Solar thus serves as an intelligent and expedient choice for economically prudent individuals concerned about their financial growth.
So, Star Trek as we know it is, following the cancellation of Enterprise and the eleventh (or was it tenth?) movie, currently on hiatus. A good thing? Most definitely. There's precedent for such a rest being good for a franchise: see Doctor Who for a prime example, Battlestar Galactica for another (I think there's at least one more but I can't remember it right now). Be patient, give it a decade or two, and I have no doubt a revitalised and bouncy Star Trek will be on our screens once more.
But showing what?
Well, it's abundantly clear that the Borg are gunning for Earth and sooner or later they MUST launch a proper, all-out attack on Fed space. But also, sooner or later the Borg have to be beaten. A lengthy war with the Borg would, in my opinion, be the perfect backdrop for seven years of Star Trek. Imagine that: we went to those strange new worlds, we sought out new life and new civilisations, and what we found, oh deary me, it's got teeth, it's evil and it's coming to get us all. A series that's no longer about exploration, it's about running in fear from what we found out there.
So it starts off a fanfare - only a kind of discordant, off-key fanfare which is definitely the Star Trek fanfare but doesn't sound impressive but instead, somewhat... chilling. Then some sort of variation on the opening monologue from TOS/TNG which explains the above. Then we have Borg taking Federation outposts and making inroads into Fed space. Fed scientists decide we need to know what's going on out there so they come up with a crazy plan to deploy spies INSIDE the Collective. But we can't sacrifice one guy without arousing suspicion, it's gotta be an ordinary colony. But we can't sacrifice a colony of innocents, so what about a whole colony of spies? Once inside, they start reporting back - using amazingly faint transmissions which Borg internal sensors won't detect but a Federation subspace telescope the size of a star system CAN (cool!) - and hey, guess what: it's gonna be war, and soon.
The Borg War - it's big, it's bad, it's geometrically-shaped
So the Federation and its allies have to move from a peacable democracy to a war footing so they can be ready for a fight. This means, among other awesomeness, weapons, and lots of them. The new Enterprise? A warship/gunship/flagship, intended both for battle and diplomacy, to persuade whatever species might be sitting on the fence to side with the Feds or be assimilated in the aftermath. The new Enterprise is loaded, positively bristling with armaments. Science tech takes a back seat to phasers and photon torpedos. It's built to fight, and move hella fast (revised warp scale by the way because nines get boring), and built as only the first of MANY. Like, thousands. In formation. Guarding whole planets. Awe-inspiring. Just imagine panning across one ship's hull, then lifting to see another, and another, and then a whole fleet in stable orbit around a gas giant...
I say phasers and photo torpedoes. But that's misleading. Here's the thing. The Borg adapt to incoming weaponry. A given weapon is good for exactly two shots and then it's all but useless. Phasers on cycling frequencies? They adapt to the cycle. So instead of reusable phaser banks, new phasers are disposable two-shot devices - which can be deployed external to the ship as autonomous drones - each carrying the impact of, say, half a warp core of antimatter, each hitting on a single unique frequency and burning out immediately afterwards from intentional overload. Use; jettison; replace; repeat, going through hundreds of single-use phasers and hundreds of different frequencies, each one doing a whole heap of damage, and each frequency becoming useless immediately afterwards. Let's say two billion unique frequencies spread over every ship in the fleet. Phasers as powerful as nukes. Shading, perhaps, from red to blue as frequencies get used up over the course of the series?
And not just that. Fed scientists from any number of different worlds rallied together to build as many different and unique weapons as possible. Got an idea? Go, build it! Build it in as many variations and models as you can imagine. Every ship's armaments non-standard. New weapons built by the ship's engineer out of spent old ones? A staple plot point! Tractor-beam antimatter at them, lob rocks at them, rip the Borg apart with giant magnetic fields, anything goes! Equals varied and intense battles. Save the best for Earth, naturally.
Of course, this is totally out of character for the peace-loving Federation and many of its constituent races. This is going to be a major theme of the entire series - when is it okay to fight? When do you stop trying to negotiate and start shooting? This is going to be represented on a massive scale within the Fed as a whole. For example, there's the fact that (let's say) seventy-odd people have been successfully removed from the Collective in recorded history, so SHOULD we be actually setting out to kill these people instead of trying to find a way to free them all? There should be conscientious objectors, rifts on every planet (even Vulcan), almost sparking a civil war inside the Federation even as the Borg advance. Meanwhile the conflict is represented as a microcosm on the bridge of the new Enterprise. The new captain - well aware that he is following in great footsteps and has a massive legend to live up to - is of the new breed, geared, like his ship, towards combat rather than engineering and diplomacy. Whereas many of his crew, specifically his second-in-command, are of the old school. They want to think their way out of situations. These two leads think very differently. Sometimes the captain is right. Sometimes the number two is right. Sometimes they're both right and sometimes they're both wrong.
Eventually the two characters get to know each other's strengths and when to use them - and eventually it turns out there IS a non-violent solution to the Borg problem, a solution I'll reveal shortly...
Anyway: the war. Eventually the Borg (who have now started flying, let's say, dodecahedra) do indeed take Andor and Vulcan and whatever and, ultimately, invade Earth. That's the season three or four finales. KAPOW: Earth is under rapid assimilation, changing into a Borg planet. Alarm bells ringing in San Fransisco, imagine the shock! Picard's line in the sand? Gone! Sanctity of the home? Invaded! But suddenly! A last-ditch evacuation plan is put into action. Emergency massive bulk transporter systems designed SPECIFICALLY for this eventuality transport all X billion people on Earth - one by one - onto ark ships hidden under the sea or the Earth's crust or Antarctica or whatever, which blast away from the planet. The vast majority of individuals are saved, but Humanity is on the run with no home.
Mirror Borg
Then, we (i.e. the Federation) play the trump card. I'm sure you're all familiar with the Mirror Universe - where good guys from our universe (i.e. regular Star Trek) become evil and sprout goatees. Somehow, everybody in the real universe has an equivalent in the Mirror Universe. So what about the Borg? In this universe, the Borg are an all-consuming hegemonising swarm which assimilates all new people and technology into a single faceless collective of space bees. What would they be like in the Mirror Universe? Presumably, some massively benelovent cyborg race which just wants everybody in the universe to be as happy as possible and achieves this by sharing all their accumulated technology with whoever they meet. (Brief thought: While the Borg fight fiercely, they do not in fact seek war, only assimilation. So while the Mirror Borg are generous, they inadvertently spark conflict wherever they go by giving big guns to small people?) So anyway, the Mirror Borg are presumably just about kicking the butts of the evil Terran Empire or whatever it is they have over there, when a small desperate mission arrives to plead for their help. So they agree. But it's kind of a dilemma - what about the universe they leave behind? Can there really be a happy ending for BOTH?
The Mirror Borg help us beat the regular Borg for good, and incidentally reveal a whole lot about the origins of the Borg, something which has been shrouded in mystery for, well, ever. Everything works out great for the regular universe. But then the regular Borg find their way to the Mirror Universe, and all hell breaks loose, for better or worse. End the series there? Why not.
Thus we have a peaceful Federation all ready to take on the challenges of, oh, let's say, the 29th Century.
Throw in some seriously awesome characters, SENSIBLE bridge design (i.e. acceleration couches and screens which don't explode, plus, hopefully, explanations for the previous shortfalls in this regard), highly trained Starfleet soldiers, clever tacticians, intelligently-designed and -deployed weaponry, more about those spies inside the Collective, plenty about Borg spies inside the Federation (!), some romantic arcs, a smattering of cool new planets for old time's sake... and I rather think you've got yourself a season.
What do you want to see in the next series of Star Trek? Email me.
Other things we'd like to see in Star Trek
Photo of Britpop band's Knebworth gig incorrectly labelled as a Trump rally
A Donald Trump supporter has shared a photo of Oasis‘ famous Knebworth gig to represent the alleged numbers attending Trump rallies.
Billionaire TV personality-turned-Republican candidate goes up against Hillary Clinton for the US Presidency this week (November 8). His campaign has been marked by many controversial moments, including accusations of historic sexual assault and inappropriate comments made about women.
At the weekend, Twitter user @TWTWsports shared images he alleged was of Trump and Clinton rallies, attempting to show how many supporters Trump was able to mobilise. However, it was soon pointed out that one of the images wasn't a Trump rally but an aerial shot of Oasis' gig at Knebworth in 1996, attended by 250,000 fans over two days.
Having spotted the inaccuracy, a Twitter user asked the original poster if he preferred Noel or Liam Gallagher. The Trump fan replied: “I maintain that's a photo of Donald in Iowa earlier this year, but Team Liam. Noel betrayed proletarian roots by embracing Blair”.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
Last month, bookies suspended betting on Oasis reforming in 2017, as talk of the Britpop band getting back together continued to gather momentum. It has also been reported that Ride are lined up to support Oasis next year, although the band later said it was “news to us”.
The Gallagher brothers shared had a tense relationship since the Britpop group's 2009 split, with Liam recently criticising Noel publicly, calling him a potato, a toad, a “scary clown”, describing him as the “Ronnie Corbett of rock” and comparing his brother's dress sense to that of Gary Barlow.
Oh my gosh. I was so excited about my first international exchange!! My favorite thing about Halloween is CANDY! So I asked for my santa to get me their favorite snacks and treats from where they live. When I saw it was coming all the way from Australia I thought it might take a while to get here in the humble Midwestern United States, but boy was it worth the wait.
So excited when I opened up the box!! I squealed like a little schoolgirl. SO much more than I was expecting!! I didn't know where to start!! The first thing I pulled out was some Caramello Koalas! Milk Chocolate koalas, how stinking cute! I bet these are going to be really good. The next ones I pull out are Tim Tam! Salted Caramel and Peanut Butter! These sound REALLY good. Next out came Sour Squirms! These remind me a bit of Troli Brite Crawlers, but I bet these are better. (Spoiler: I was right.) Next was the huge green bag! This one is something called Jumpy's snacks. They're described as "Chicken flavored crunchy potato snacks". These should be a fun thing to try! I opened one up to see what they looked like. They're kangaroo shaped. I should have guessed. Another chocolate came out next, Cadbury Dairy Milk Furry Friends! How adorable!! I love that they had the Australian animals on there. I love animals too!!
The last thing I noticed in the box was kind of hidden in there. I pulled it out and literally said, "no freaking way." VEGEMITE!! I've never tried this before, I'm so excited!! I've heard a lot of people hate it, but I'm always wanting to try new things!! I'm not going to lie, I had to google "how to eat Vegemite" because I had no idea what to do with it. When I saw that the suggestion was to put it on top of buttered toast, well... it was breakfast time for me!
I have to say, I was surprised how delicious it was. I had a couple friends say that it was gross, but I found it to be really savory, salty, and kind of... smoky? I think. I was at a loss for words to describe it, but it's definitely something I will be eating for breakfast again. It's really good!!
Seriously, thank you SO SO SO much Santa! These gifts are amazing! You brought a taste of Australia to this girl in a humble little state of Iowa. I appreciate all the goodies you brought to me. A little bit of sweet, sour, and savory all at once! My favorites are the Vegemite, Tim Tam, and Sour Squirms! The Caramellos and Furry Friends got shared with some of my coworkers, they were so delicious. The Jumpy's taste kind of like a cross between potato chips and chicken ramen. In a good way. I like them!! I love this so much, I appreciate all your presents and all the effort it took to get them all the way over here! You're the best!! Hope you had a Happy Halloween!
Jobless Rate Ticks Down To 7.3 Percent; 169,000 Jobs Added
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Makela /Reuters /Landov Mark Makela /Reuters /Landov
The nation's jobless rate dipped to 7.3 percent in August from 7.4 percent in July as 169,000 jobs were added to public and private payrolls, the Bureau of Labor Statistics estimated Friday morning.
The figures were roughly in line with what economists had been expecting to hear.
But buried within the report was troubling news: Instead of the 162,000 jobs that BLS thought had been added to payrolls in July, it now estimates that employment grew by just 104,000 jobs that month. Also, the jobless rate dipped in part because the percentage of Americans who count themselves as being part of the labor force (either because they're working or looking for work) hit a 35-year low.
We'll post more highlights from the report, as well as reactions to it and analyses about how policymakers at the Federal Reserve may react, in the coming hour. Be sure to hit your "refresh" button to see our latest updates.
Update at 9:58 a.m. ET. White House Calls News "Another Sign Of Progress":
"Over the last four years, we've cleared away the rubble from the financial crisis and begun to lay a new foundation for stronger, more durable economic growth," says White House economic adviser Jason Furman. "While continued solid job gains, today's employment report is another sign of progress, the report also underscores the need to continue pursuing policies that move our economy forward and restore middle class security."
Update at 9:20 a.m. ET. All In All, A Sign That Things Got Worse?
Here's how MarketWatch sums up the report:
"The U.S. added a modest 169,000 new jobs in August, the number of positions created in July was slashed and more workers dropped out of a labor force in a sign that hiring conditions worsened toward the end of the summer. The unemployment rate, meanwhile, ticked down to 7.3% from 7.4%, but that was because fewer people were searching for work."
Update at 9:10 a.m. ET. Fed Could Go Either Way?
The report "'is a mixed bag that can be used to support an immediate tapering of the Fed's monthly asset purchases or delaying that move until later this year," Paul Ashworth, an economist at Capital Economics, tells The Associated Press.
Update at 9:05 a.m. ET. "Participation Rate" Lowest In 35 Years:
In what could be a disturbing sign that many Americans are still finding it hard to get work, the report says the labor force "participation rate" last month was 63.2 percent — the lowest it's been since August 1978.
As The Wall Street Journal says, "today's jobless-rate decline to 7.3% from 7.4% comes on a blatant fall in the number of Americans looking for work ... and that's by no means a sign of a healthy jobs market."
Note: Earlier we made a math mistake and said it was the lowest in 25 years. We've corrected our error.
Update at 9 a.m. ET. Will The Fed Hold Off On Dialing Back?
Bloomberg News writes that:
"Fed policymakers have been weighing data to determine whether the economy is strong enough for it to scale back the pace of its $85 billion in monthly bond buying. The Fed said Sept. 4 that the economy maintained a modest to moderate pace of growth. "Fed Bank of Chicago President Charles Evans, a voter on policy this year, said today the central bank shouldn't taper its $85 billion in monthly bond buying until inflation and economic growth pick up. He has consistently supported record stimulus."
Update at 8:58 a.m. ET. Another "Mediocre Jobs Report," Boehner Says:
Calling the news "another mediocre jobs report," House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) says in a statement released by his office that: "The sooner President Obama starts working with both parties to expand American energy production, repeal his health care law and focus on patient-centered reforms, and solve Washington's spending problem, the stronger our economy will be for all Americans."
Update at 8:55 a.m. ET. Jobless Rate Is The Lowest In Nearly 5 Years:
At 7.3 percent, the unemployment rate is at its lowest level since December 2008. Its recent peak, 10 percent, came in October 2009. A year ago, the rate stood at 8.1 percent.
Update at 8:40 a.m. ET. "Music To Traders' Ears?"
Here's an early conclusion from The Wall Street Journal:
“I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member,” said Groucho Marx. He wasn't talking about the Liberal party, of course; as of this weekend, he'd have nothing to worry about anyway.
At the party's convention in Winnipeg last week, Liberals adopted a new constitution which does away with the concept of ‘membership' and replaces it with ‘registration'. Anyone can register as a Liberal now, for free. Once you do, you receive newsletters, are entitled to vote in your electoral district association and attend conventions — and can vote in future leadership races.
The Liberals want to morph from party to movement, from club to catch-all. That has serious implications — not just for the LPC but, by ricochet, for all political parties in Canada.
At first blush, the move seems very clever. Political party membership is on the decline, here in Canada and around the world. According to a study by Samara Canada, just nine per cent of Canadians report being a member of a political party. Statistics Canada puts the number at only 4 per cent and reports it varies by income: 7 per cent of Canadians aged 25 to 64 who earn $80,000 a year hold party memberships, compared to 3 per cent of those earning $40,000 a year or less. Entry fees, no matter how small, could be construed as a barrier to participation for the less well-off. The Liberals can claim that they're boosting democratic engagement by opening their doors to all comers.
The Liberals' move also seems very modern. In the age of Facebook and the ‘sharing economy', why should political membership require more than a “like”? And why should a voter have to commit to a year-long membership if he or she is only supporting a party for a single election? Political loyalty is becoming a thing of the past. One only has to look south of the border to see the spectacular effect of the rise of independent voters — and the rewards that go to politicians who know how to engage those voters. Making it ‘free' only makes it easier.
But don't kid yourself — free membership isn't free. It comes at a price, and that price is your personal information. In the age of Big Data, your email address is far more valuable than your $10. The Liberal party will engage with you, probe you for your interests, likes and dislikes (Did you sign up for that newsletter on electoral reform? Are you more interested in climate change? Do you have kids? A dog? An iguana?) and mine you for information and money.
The Liberals could end up morphing into not a movement but a chameleon — offering the populist flavour of the moment. And that could lead them to some very strange and uncomfortable places. The Liberals could end up morphing into not a movement but a chameleon — offering the populist flavour of the moment. And that could lead them to some very strange and uncomfortable places.
Since previous governments set lower limits on donations, forbade unions and corporations from giving and eliminated public per-vote subsidies, small donations have become the lifeblood of politics. So the bigger a party's database, the better positioned it is to fundraise. With ‘free' membership, the Liberals can offer the ultimate loss-leader in exchange for hundreds of thousands of names. So if you're a registered Liberal, set your spam filter on high — and brace yourself for a deluge of donation requests.
Whoever controls the data, of course, controls how it's used. Under the revamped Liberal constitution, control of the data belongs to the leadership, not local associations. That's probably no accident. In the update to her must-read book Shopping for Votes, iPolitics columnist Susan Delacourt reports that Justin Trudeau was madly excited about the Liberals' new election database, called the Console. It divides ridings into six types, from winnable to hopeless, and pinpoints how much attention each one is getting (or needs) from volunteers, down to the time of day in individual neighbourhoods.
The Console's data also tells the party which voters are receptive to which messages. “We knew,” said strategist Dan Arnold, “which types of people would benefit from the Canada Child Benefit, and which types of people would benefit from the middle-class tax cut, and which types of people would benefit from transit investments. Based on that, we'd send direct-mail pamphlets to those areas that were more likely to have parents or more likely to have commuters. There was a bit of that in terms of tailoring the message.”
Data-mining became serious business, and Trudeau took it more seriously than anyone. “Few things made him angrier, for instance,” Delacourt writes, “than to see Liberal volunteers surrounding him at events instead of gathering up contact information.”
The Liberals have caught up to, if not surpassed, the Conservatives in their electoral data-mining abilities. The next step appears to be gathering even more data — and free membership is a great way to do that. It could pay great dividends in the short term — but what about the long term?
While all may be well under the current leader, what happens when Trudeau eventually leaves the job? The potential for a party takeover by a one-issue candidate becomes much greater with free memberships. An outside organization — a labour union, a religious institution, a special interest group, even another political party — could theoretically take over the Liberals by registering enough people to influence the leadership vote process in individual district associations.
And if anyone can attend a convention, even someone with no ongoing relationship with the party, what will that mean for policy development? What will the Liberals stand for, or against, if their principles can be changed with a click or a swipe, by people who won't pony up $10 to declare their affiliation? Will ‘Liberal' mean anything, beyond a word on a sign?
In this brave new world, membership no longer will have its privileges. The Liberals could end up morphing into not a movement but a chameleon — offering the populist flavour of the moment. And that could lead them to some very strange and uncomfortable places.
Discount democracy doesn't mean better democracy. And putting your money where your beliefs are — even if it's only a few symbolic dollars — still matters.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
A case was filed against Kalburgi, the late U R Ananthamurthy for 'offending religious sentiments' in a book published 18 years ago
Anisha Sheth | The News Minute | June 12, 2014 | 6.53 pm IST
A case has been registered in a Bangalore court against Kannada writers U R Ananthamurthy and M M Kalburgi for allegedly offending religious sentiments.
The allegedly offensive incident in question happened decades ago, when Ananthamurthy was a child and the book in which he wrote about it, was published 18 years ago.
On Wednesday, Jagan Kumar filed a private complaint with the 7th Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate in Bangalore, which has registered a case under Sections 295A and 298 of the Indian Penal Code. Both sections relate to offending religious sentiments.
The case comes after a Kannada news channel telecast a report about scholar and former Vice Chancellor of the Kannada University M M Kalburgi's comments at a public programme. Speaking at a programme on June 9, Kalburgi had referred to remarks made by Jnanapith awardee U R Ananthamurthy about idol worship in a collection of essays called “Bettale Puje Yake Kudadhu” (roughly translated as “Why nude worship is not acceptable”). The book was published in 1996 and has been re-printed since then.
In an essay in the book, Ananthamurthy recounts a childhood experience in which he urinates on a particular deity of the village, in a bid to challenge his traditional upbringing that everything was sacred. This episode was referred to by Kalburgi when he made the speech at a particular programme.
The context
Ananthamurthy wrote about that childhood experience in an essay titled “Bettale Puje Yake Kudadhu”, in which he discusses the idea of sacredness in the context of the nude-worship ritual performed by Dalits at the Chandraguthi temple in Sorab taluk of Shimoga district. Nude worship was banned by the government in the 1980s.
The statement in question appears on page 39 (in certain editions, and roughly translated as): “I had to breach the Puranic traditions in which I had been brought up. I wanted to ascertain that there was no greater supernatural power than me. So I urinated on the Devva stones of our village. I still remember the fear I had that night. The themes of the stories I wrote in my youth were about the dilemma of transgressing the notion that everything was sacred.”
Writer K Phaniraj says that the overall argument of the essay was that Indian society would always have to deal with different ideas of what is sacred, what is not, and for whom. He says that the overall tone of the essay was to understand the sentiments of the subaltern people.
The complaint
Jagan Kumar (35), a resident of Bangalore, told The News Minute that he had filed the complaint in court because he was offended by the statements. Asked if he had read the essay, Kumar said that he had, and quoted from the relevant portions. He said that urinating on an idol, no matter which type of god it was, had “hurt the sentiments of Hindus”.
Asked about the overall argument in the essay, Kumar said: “Even if he has done it in his childhood, why should he say it? It hurts the sentiments of Hindus. Why should he say that there is no need to fear the idol and that it has no power, no (ability to perform) miracles?”
When pointed out that the book had been in publication for 18 years now, Kumar said: “To be honest, I didn't know about the book. I only found out about it when Kalburgi said (it recently during a public programme).”
His lawyer Dharmapal Yennemajal said that the court had accepted the case and that it was posted for hearing of evidence on October 13.
The government announced on Friday details of a more stringent income declaration scheme, a “last chance” for tax evaders who will have to cough up 50% of their unaccounted-for wealth in tax.
The scheme– called the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Yojana (PMGKY) – was announced last month and will be operational between December 17 and March 31 next year.
Read: Tax exemptions to political parties subject to conditions: Govt
“This is the last chance for people to come clean…we urge people to avail the scheme…we don't want any kind of inspector raj on people,” revenue secretary Hasmukh Adhia said.
A person will have to pay 30% tax on the undisclosed income, a penalty of 10% on the income and a surcharge of 33% on the tax paid.
Highlights The government has announced details of a stringent income declaration scheme for tax evaders who will have to cough up 50% of their unaccounted-for wealth in tax
A person will have to pay 30% tax on the undisclosed income, a penalty of 10% on the income and a surcharge of 33% on the tax paid
Another 25% of the remaining undisclosed amount will have to be deposited in a bank for four years without interest
Read: SC refuses to pass interim order on demonetisation, restrains HCs from hearing petitions
For example, if Rs 100 is the unaccounted-for wealth, the tax will be Rs 30, the penalty Rs 10 and another Rs 9.9 the surcharge. Roughly, a person will be paying 50% of their wealth to the government.
Another 25% of the remaining undisclosed amount will have to be deposited in a bank for four years without interest.
“Beginning tomorrow (Saturday), most banks will have challans to be filled for depositing tax for availing the PMGKY scheme…only after payment of 50% tax and parking 25% of the remaining undisclosed amount for a period of four years, a person can avail the PMGKY scheme,” said Adhia.
He also said that political parties were exempt from income tax scrutiny but if the money was deposited in an individual's account, it may be under the scanner.
The PMGKY is a tougher version of a similar income declaration scheme that ran between June and September this year. In that scheme, people had to pay 45% of their undisclosed wealth as tax but didn't have to pay the levy upfront or put money for a lock-in period.
Read: Too few Rs 500 banknotes: RBI numbers show long months of cash pain ahead
Adhia said the tax department had detailed information on people's income and they would face strict action if caught after the closure of the scheme on March 31.
Adhia said the identity of those availing the scheme would be kept confidential and there would be no prosecution and penalty. However, they would not enjoy immunity from other laws, including the Prevention of Money Laundering Act or Narcotics Act, among others.
Recovering illegal or undisclosed wealth has been a priority for the government after Prime Minister Narendra Modi swept to power in 2014 on a promise to uncover “black money”. Last month, the Centre recalled Rs 1000 and Rs 500 notes in a shock move aimed at stamping out illegal cash from the economy.
“We have information regarding how much deposits have come in dormant accounts, (zero-balance) Jan Dhan accounts, urban co-operative banks, how much repayment of loans have been made in cash, RTGS transfers, withdrawal and hence the income tax department has been successful on raids,” Adhia said.
Read | Depositing cash? Declare and pay 50% tax on unaccounted money
In a bid to get information about black money hoarders, the government also set up a special cell and created an email address -- blackmoneyinfo@incometax.gov.in -- where anybody can provide relevant information, Adhia said.
He said the department would scrutinise people's data in a non-intrusive manner so that the fear of inspector raj is removed from the minds of people.
Professional agencies, he added, will be engaged to do a detailed analysis of all deposits that come into the banks till December 30.
Sushil Chandra, chairman of the Central Board of Direct Taxes, said the IT department made a total seizure of Rs 393 crore since the scrapping of high-value currency on November 8, out of which 316 crore was in cash. Jewellery of Rs 76 crore and a sum of Rs 80 crore has been seized by the department, Chandra said.
He added that admitted concealed income stood at Rs 2,600 crore. “We have conducted searches and seizures in about 291 cases and carried out surveys in 295 cases,” he said.
Also read | Just 1% of the Indian population paid taxes in 2012-13: Govt data
First Published: Dec 16, 2016 17:26 IST
Mayor Eric Garcetti launched a bold initiative today calling for city departments to pursue a goal of eliminating traffic-related deaths by 2025.
The program, called “Vision Zero,” is based on the fundamental principle that traffic deaths can be avoided through strategic, data-driven approaches to engineering, enforcement, education, evaluation, and community engagement. Adoption of the Vision Zero policy is a key facet of the Livable Neighborhoods focus of Mayor Garcetti's Sustainable City pLAn.
“We have to think big and work hard when it comes to keeping people safe,” said Mayor Garcetti. “It is tragic that 200 people are killed each year while moving about our city. With more people walking and biking than ever before, we must use every available tool to save lives. I am determined to bring that number down to zero.”
Mayor Garcetti signed the tenth executive directive of his administration, ordering multiple city departments to report back by Dec. 1, 2015 with specific recommendations for measures that would immediately reduce traffic-related deaths in L.A. by 20 percent by 2017. The directive also calls for the formation of a Vision Zero Task Force; as well as an Executive Steering Committee, led by city agencies in coordination with the Los Angeles Department of Public Health, that will work on proposals to eradicate deadly accidents on Los Angeles streets by 2025.
Among the leaders joining Mayor Garcetti on Monday were Councilmember Mike Bonin, Chair of the City Council's Transportation Committee; and Councilmember Mitchell Englander, Chair of the Public Safety Committee. Both echoed the importance of prioritizing safety on our streets and sidewalks.
“Traveling through Los Angeles' neighborhoods should not be a life-threatening exercise,” said Councilmember Bonin. “Through better planning, better design, and better enforcement, we can prevent thousands of traffic accidents and save hundreds of lives every year. We have the tools, the abilities, and the obligation to keep people safe and be a Vision Zero city.”
Said Councilmember Englander: "With nearly half of all traffic collisions in Los Angeles being hit-and-runs, Vision Zero had never been more critical for our community. As Chair of the Public Safety Committee and as a Reserve LAPD Officer, I have seen firsthand the critical need for not only this initiative but its strict enforcement on our streets.”
Citywide, 44 percent of persons killed or severely injured in traffic collisions are walking or using a bicycle. Children and older adults are particularly vulnerable, making up 30 percent of all people killed or severely injured while walking or using a bicycle. Vision Zero will focus efforts on improving safety on street segments with the highest numbers of life-threatening collisions.
“Mistakes happen, but the stakes are too high,” said Seleta Reynolds, General Manager for the Department of Transportation. “We must transform our city so that our youth and older adults aren't risking their lives just to get around town.”
More information about Vision Zero can be found at visionzero.lacity.org
ya so no more extra crash from mission and from ive seen on reddit you no longer get parts from skill jumps and they seem to go 1 step forward 100 steps backwards in patches.ive been with this game since the first beta was released on PC and now im afraid to say its time for me to leave this game once and for all its become boring as hell with content being the same old **** there is no competitiveness in this game do to the fact players will cheat/glitch to win races and peer 2 peer servers make it even worse to try and race. I own all the cars and other crap again and that starts to get boring having to wait every other month to get a patch is dumb as **** you should release micro patches to fix the small stuff once every other week and not have players wait 1 full month to fix a simple problem from day 1 of the previous patch. now after reading that every car after this month will be CrewCredits only that was the final straw for me i will not be paying real money for a virtual car 20$ is totally dumb ive spent 1318.7 hours playing this game to earn all my stuff i have now, i know i should have left this game months ago but i always kept telling myself would, could get better but it hasn't and now i say my good byes to all the people here.as they saw players making quick fast cash they do these1st they get rid of a faction mission way out west cuz it was really fast cash to make2nd they got rid of the 3 or 6 hours cool down on sending friends on mission and buffed it to 12 hoursthen comes along the x2 cash reward from missions now they remove thatwhats next? removal of bucks from skills and stunts so players are forced to buy CC to get the parts and other stuff for their cars now?like chicken said this could have been the best racing game of 2015 but It's not sadly.
And so it begins for Liam Hanlon and Eoin Tynan. Their mission is to bring fresh, tasty craft beer to the Irish market and their enterprise - St Mel's Brewing Company - has taken a giant leap forward following receipt of the start-up grant they applied for.
And so it begins for Liam Hanlon and Eoin Tynan. Their mission is to bring fresh, tasty craft beer to the Irish market and their enterprise - St Mel's Brewing Company - has taken a giant leap forward following receipt of the start-up grant they applied for.
Mr Hanlon explained, “There is light at the end of the tunnel at last and hopefully we can reach that light before the end of May. This hinges on a number of factors including the availability of stainless steel, the correct navigation of the bureaucratic channels and a builder's ability to pull out all the stops.”
Specialist equipment for brewing is currently being installed at the company's new premises and if these pieces and a large number of smaller ones fall into place over the coming days then St Mel's Brewing Company of Longford shall have it's Pale Ale and Red Ale on the market in the next few weeks.
St Mel's Brewing Company will brew craft beer, initially for the home market, and eventually for export as well.
Mr Hanlon is renowned for developing some of the country's craftiest beers. And although Eoin Tynan is new to the industry, he comes from the international investment industry with a pint glass in one hand, a masters in business management in the other and a deep love of quality beer in his heart.
Consumers can expect simple high quality beers of the Pale, Red and Bock variety as well as some curve balls on a seasonal basis.
Speaking to the Leader, Mr Hanlon said, “We look forward to enjoying our beers with you all at some point in the not too far off distance. We are hoping to aim for under €3 a bottle and to brew draught soon too.”
He concluded, “Both myself and Eoin are hoping for nationwide deliveries within the next 12 months and export with the next three years.”
For more information check out www.stmelsbrewing.com, www.facebook/stmelsbrewing, or @StMelsBrewing on Twitter.
After Attacks, Denmark Hesitates to Blame Islam By Andrew Higgins, February 19, 2015 COPENHAGEN — Arrested for stabbing a 19-year-old passenger on a commuter train in November 2013, Omar Abdel Hamid El-Hussein blamed his brutal, random and nearly fatal attack on the effects of hashish, telling a court last December that he had been gripped by wild fear and thought his victim wanted to hurt him. Last weekend, just two weeks after his release from prison for the knife attack, Mr. Hussein went on another violent rampage, killing two strangers and wounding five police officers. But this time he was gripped not by drugs but by a fanatical strand of Islam whose mission, according to a message he posted on Facebook shortly before the attacks, “is to destroy you. We will come to you with slaughter and death.” Mr. Hussein's journey from drug-addled street thug to self-proclaimed jihadist declaring loyalty to the Islamic State terrorist group has stirred soul-searching in liberal-minded Denmark over whether Islam in fact was really a prime motivator for his violence, or merely served as a justifying cover for violent criminality. “This is a very difficult question to answer,” said Manu Sareen, [Pictured right] the minister for integration and social affairs, who shortly before the attacks launched a program to combat radicalization through outreach to parents, schools and other efforts.
From the NYT:No, it's not.
Omar Abdel Hamid El-Hussein murderously attacked a literary-artistic free speech event and then a bat mitzvah. As Willie Sutton might have said, that's where the money ain't.
That same question squarely confronts other European countries and the United States. As President Obama holds a summit meeting on ways to combat the lure of jihad in Western nations, he has come under criticism for his cautious language distancing violent extremism from Islam. The link between the two has become a wellspring of debate in Europe, as societies grapple with the same messy knot of motives and influences following recent attacks in Denmark and France and a thwarted plot in Belgium. All involved angry, alienated young Muslims. Often the attackers invoke Islam. But just as often, well before they had found religion, the professed jihadists built up long track records as violent criminals.
Though many have become radicalized in prisons, they often seem determined to find an outlet for their violence one way or another.
One of a trio of gunmen responsible for the killing spree that terrorized Paris in January, Amedy Coulibaly, similarly fit the bill, chalking up at least six arrests — five for robbery and one for drugs — even before his embrace of anti-Semitism and Islamic extremism led him to storm a kosher supermarket near the Porte de Vincennes and kill four people. “This is classic trajectory into jihadist terrorism in Europe. There is not a single pathway, but this one is very worrying,” said Thomas Hegghammer, an expert on jihadist movements at the Norwegian Defense Research Establishment. “They are misfits who find a solution to their problems in radical Islam.”
In embracing violence in the name of Islam, Mr. Hussein, a former member of a Copenhagen criminal gang called the Brothas, “substituted one subculture for another,” Mr. Hegghammer said, adding, “The easier it is for someone to plug into this radical Islamic subculture the more radicalized misfits you are going to have.” “At the moment it is very easy,” he said, referring to a plethora of extremist websites and underground preachers. Announcing new measures on Thursday to fight against terrorism, including extra funding for intelligences services, Danish officials did not mention religion while vowing to defend what Mette Frederiksen, the justice minister, described as “one of the most generous societies there are.”
… Mr. Mann, who is now studying law and works part time as a counselor to troubled Muslim youths, said Denmark and other European countries needed to defend, not stigmatize, Islam as only this can combat “street Islam,” a toxic jumble of half-digested lines from the Quran and political passions plucked from the Internet. Olivier Roy, a leading French expert on Islam, has taken a similar line, telling Information, a Danish newspaper, that Denmark should counter wild strains of Islam imported from the Middle East by building up a “national version of Islam” through state funding for mosques and preachers, just as it funds Denmark's state church. … That so many young Muslims feel angry at and alienated from a country that offers their families some of the world's most generous welfare benefits has left many Danes flummoxed and also angry. This in turn has helped fuel the rise of the Danish People's Party, an anti-immigration group that regularly denounces Muslim misbehavior and, according to opinion polls, now stands neck-and-neck in popularity with the biggest mainstream parties. “It is very, very obvious that these attacks were connected to religion,” Soren Espersen, deputy chairman of the Danish People's Party, said in an interview. “There is no doubt this was religious terrorism,” he said, adding that Mr. Hussein had himself declared to be “acting in the name of Islam.” A survey published Wednesday by Metroxpress, a newspaper, found that half of Danes surveyed want to restrict immigration and a quarter want to ensure that Muslims never account for more than 5 percent of the population. The government is barred by law from classifying residents by religion but a study by Aarhus University in 2013 found that Muslims represented around 4.2 percent of the population. … The government, headed by the Social Democratic prime minister, Helle Thorning-Schmidt, has sought to avoid a public backlash against Muslims by insisting that Islam and Western values can coexist. “This is not a war between Islam and the West,” the prime minister declared immediately after the attacks.
As in many other European countries, however, Muslims in Denmark may coexist with their non-Muslim neighbors, but they often cling to the values and conspiracy-driven mind-set of their home countries. Mr. Mann, the law student and youth counselor, for example, said he was convinced that the United States government had a hand in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. “You have to be blind” to think otherwise, he said. Helime al-Amed, a Palestinian from Syria and mother of five children in Mjolnerparken, the housing project where Mr. Hussein grew up, praised Denmark as a generous and friendly country, but she still believes that last weekend's attacks were “orchestrated by people who are against us, who want to provoke anger at Muslims.” Mr. Hussein, she added, had been deliberately killed by police officers in a shootout Sunday morning to prevent him from talking. “When he died the truth died with him,” she said.
You know, none of these imponderables ought to make Europeans feel happier about their governments imposing so much immigration on them. Is it Islam that encourages them to be violent criminals preying on Danes? Or are they violent criminals preying on Danes who find Islam validating? In either case, Denmark has found itself in a hole and ought to stop digging when it comes to importing potential parents of more Omar Abdel Hamid El-Hussein, and ought to look for ways to get current ones to leave.Maybe using immigration policy to turn Denmark into the Peninsula of Misfit Boys isn't such a good idea? Denmark used to have a right of center ruling coalition that was semi-decent on immigration, but after a decade or so they lost, and the new left of center coalition seems intent on using immigration to elect a new people for itself.Perhaps generous Scandinavian welfare systems and mass immigration don't really go well together?Here's a novel angle from the NYT:So, maybe it would be okay with the New York Times for Denmark to crack down on immigration from Muslim countries, but not from Muslim Countries per se, because that would be Islamophobic, but instead from countries with Conspiracy Theorist cultures (which just happen to be overwhelmingly Muslim), because Conspiracy Theorism is Bad, so being Conspiracy Theoriphobic is thus Good.
Interesting …
Like I've been saying, people in the American media aren't really that excited about vicious Muslims murdering Jews and people in the European media, so there's some tiny sliver of a chance that greater sanity might emerge from this.
But the American press spent so many decades constructing their Guns of Singapore to pound down the cisgender straight white native male menace via Diversity that it's hard for them to come out and imply, oh, sorry, I guess we were wrong, or even we weren't wrong in the past, but we've been so successful in denouncing the Looming Arizona Fourth Reich that we've reached the point of diminishing returns.
So, let's think about baby steps for the Holders of the Megaphone to inch themselves around to this new idea that the real problem isn't immigration from Muslim cultures, it's immigration from cultures that are infected with Conspiracy Theorist thinking, so immigration restriction could be thought of not as Islamophobic but as … Pro-Science!
It will take years to get there, but let me toss out an idea as a start that could be rolled out to begin the conditioning process without alarming the SWPLs and SJWs. This anti-Conspiracy Theorist triple bankshot idea needs an initial straight white male face.
And I've got one for them: in the grand tradition of aged Hollywood actors turning into nutty caricatures of their most popular roles, Randy Quaid, (above right) who played the crazy conspiracy theorist in Independence Day, has turned into a crazy conspiracy theorist. Quaid is holed up in Canada, which he claims he fled to not because of legal problems in the U.S., but because he fears for his life from a conspiracy of “star whackers” who murder Hollywood stars.
So, start off with articles about how the country is better off without conspiracy theorists like Randy Quaid around.
Statin Drugs Don't Save Lives and May Increase Your Risk for Diabetes
by Bill Sardi by Bill Sardi
DIGG THIS
Americans are being bombarded today by news reports of a breakthrough in the prevention of cardiovascular disease (heart attacks, strokes and high blood pressure). The hype is undeserved, the data less than compelling, and when it came to whether the statin drug used in the study (Crestor) actually saved lives, the headlines should have said the drug trial failed and that it raised the risk for diabetes.
Here is how the news media and health authorities portrayed the study (New England Journal of Medicine, Nov. 9, 2008):
"A highly anticipated study has produced powerful evidence that a simple blood test can spot seemingly healthy people who are at increased risk for a heart attack or stroke and that giving them a widely used drug offers potent protection against the nation's leading killers."
~ Rob Stein, Washington Post
“The potential public health benefits are huge. It really changes the way we have to think about prevention of heart attack and stroke.”
~ Paul M. Ridker of the Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston
“It's a breakthrough study, it's a blockbuster. It's absolutely paradigm-shifting.”
~ Steven E. Nissen of the Cleveland Clinic (These are the words drug companies want to hear.)
“This takes prevention to a whole new level. Yesterday you would not have used a statin for a patient whose cholesterol was normal. Today you will.”
~ W. Douglas Weaver, president of the American College of Cardiology
"These are findings that are really going to impact the practice of cardiology in the country."
~ Dr. Elizabeth G. Nabel, director of the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, which was not involved in the research
The drug companies now assert that normally healthy people should now take statin drugs, even if they have low-to-normal cholesterol levels, because Crestor reduced C-reactive protein, a marker of inflammation. This claim would expand the use of statin drugs to millions more Americans and reel in billions of dollars of sales for the maker of Crestor.
For comparison, Crestor reduced C-reactive protein by 37%, vitamin E lowers CRP by 32%, and vitamin C by 25.3%. [Free Radical Medicine & Biology Oct. 10, 2008; American Journal Clinical Nutrition 86: 1392: 2007.] These vitamins are not toxic to the liver.
Major efforts will likely be made to promote Crestor on TV, prodding healthy people with normal cholesterol levels to begin taking a drug known to cause liver toxicity and muscle problems, a drug that costs $3.45 per day ($1259 a year). The data shows about 120 patients would have to take Crestor for nearly two years to prevent just one stroke or heart attack. Translation: the drug is effective among less than 1% of the patients over this time period.
The 4-year study of 18,000 patients was stopped suddenly prior to the 2-year mark because it allegedly showed startling improvements in cardiovascular health. But generally studies are halted when greater risk is identified. Halting the study prematurely may have hidden the occurrence of the characteristic side effects caused by the drug (liver toxicity and muscle problems).
The drug also increased the risk for diabetes, which represents disease substitution, not disease prevention.
John Abramson, a Harvard professor and author of Overdosed America, said: “We're already struggling to provide health services for the 46 million Americans who don't have health insurance in the United States. This is going to drain away a lot of money from the system for little or no benefit. We know that there are lifestyle interventions that are effective.”
Dr. Abramson's own analysis of major statin drug studies did not reveal any significant reduction in mortality, regardless of whether statin drugs lowered cholesterol or C-reactive protein.
The drug companies know their long-standing cholesterol-ruse is over. So they have now found another useless marker to make Americans phobic over — inflammation and C-reactive protein.
Bill Sardi Archives
The Best of Bill Sardi
Three Reasons Why I'm Still Very, Very Glad Hillary Lost
Caitlin Johnstone Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 7, 2017
As long as America is still talking about Hillary Clinton, I may as well take this opportunity to say a bit more about why I'm still extremely glad that her purported inevitability proved to be fake news. Besides the fact that she keeps making an absolute ass of herself whenever she rears her plastic head, more revelations have come to light since the election which prove that those of us who fought her tooth and claw were absolutely right to do so. Here are three of them:
1. Syria
More and more pundits have been forced to concede that the regime change the US power establishment has been pushing for is not going to happen. There are still terrorist factions in Syria that need to be defeated, there's still an unwelcome western presence in the nation that's going to have to leave, and it's possible that Israel will continue to escalate its provocations and try to reignite the whole thing, but the tide has undeniably, drastically turned in Syria. As The Independent's Robert Fisk writes, “The West might hardly believe it, but it now seems the Syrian war is ending — and Assad is the victor.”
This alone makes Hillary Clinton's loss a net positive. This is the woman who advocated setting up a no-fly zone in Syria just like she did in Libya, which became a failed state as a result. Her goal was regime change, and if she'd succeeded in shutting down pro-Assad air forces in Syria that's exactly what would have happened. For all of Trump's idiocy both foreign and domestic, he has been vastly more restrained in Syria than Clinton promised to be. Even as recently as April she was still saying that Trump needed to destroy the very air force that Syria is using to defeat ISIS, Al Nusra and the other violent jihadist factions who oppose the nation's only legitimate government.
Had she won, Clinton would have created a much more disastrous version of Libya in a much more populous nation, causing unfathomable death, destruction and suffering in a nation she'd already done so many horrific things to as Secretary of State. This alone makes her loss an overall beneficial thing for humanity.
2. Russia
Not enough gets made of the fact that Hillary Clinton was itching for a fight with America's new Number One Bad Guy long before the still completely unproven hacking allegations surfaced.
The video above features Clinton advocating arming Ukraine against Russia — an extremely hawkish move even Obama opposed — in January of 2015.
Here is an article from October 2015 about bloodthirsty neocon John McCain's support for Hillary Clinton's proposed no-fly zone in Syria, which is unquestionably an act of war.
Here is an article from June 2015 titled “Hillary Clinton's hawkish position on Russia troubles both sides of aisle,” which says explicitly, “Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Rodham Clinton has pivoted left on domestic issues but stands out on foreign policy as more hawkish than some of her GOP rivals, even stoking fears that she's ready to put the U.S. on a warpath with Russia.”
Isn't it interesting that there are all these unsubstantiated accusations against the very nation Clinton was saber-rattling against long before those accusations surfaced? What do you think would have happened had Clinton become Commander-in-Chief? Again, for all his horrible actions, Trump has still been providing inertia toward the establishment's relentless warmongering towards Russia. Would that inertia have existed if Hillary had been elected, who during the campaign was already advocating a no-fly zone in a region she knew Russian military planes were conducting operations? I think we all know the answer to that.
3. The TPP
People have already forgotten how unstoppable the TPP felt a few short years ago. The trade agreement which would have granted corporate power an unprecedented amount of control over participating governments throughout the world felt like an inevitability. Any possibility of fighting it felt like an exercise in futility, as did all the ecocidal shoring up of oligarchic power which would have arisen as a result.
Trump and the Republican congressional surge his campaign spearheaded prevented this from happening, and the unpopular trade agreement Hillary Clinton had publicly praised dozens of times shriveled and died. Without America's participation the deal is far less relevant, and its impotence is absolutely a good thing. The agenda advanced in the TPP is still being advanced in the form of other trade agreements and still needs to be ferociously opposed, but the TPP's death was undeniably a rare win for humanity.
As I said, I don't care about Hillary Clinton, but as long as people are going to keep bringing her up I'm happy to keep pointing out why her loss was good for the world. The sooner Democrats move on and quit trying to blame people for President Trump, the sooner I can quit pointing out what a vile candidate they attempted to inflict upon our species last year.
— — —
I'm a 100 percent reader-funded journalist so if you enjoyed this, please consider helping me out by sharing it around, liking me on Facebook, following me on Twitter, or throwing some money into my hat on Patreon.
A Chinese farmer in Shenyang has built an epic slide platform to teach his pigs to dive. The unorthodox practice of pig diving is said to increase the immune system of pigs which also enhances the quality of pork meat as well as its price.
This is something Shenyang farmer Niu Fuquan hoped to achieve as he constructed a makeshift multi-layer inclined platform specifically built for pigs of varying diving experience. According to The Daily Mail, Li Xiang Tian Yuan farm has two diving platforms for their pigs, one is a 1 meter platform and the other stands at 3 meters high.
The bottom part of the platform designed for piglets that are still novice at the art of pig diving. Experienced pigs, on the other hand, are more suited to take on the 3 meter platform which can accommodate bigger pigs weighing over 100 pounds.
This unusual contraption might stupefy the pigs at first but the Chinese farmer makes sure that the pigs are well guided in taking their plunge with the help of his wooden stick. However, diving isn't the only thing that helps pigs in improving their health and quality – it's also the swimming aspect, which provides the pig its much-needed exercise.
In addition, the sight of seeing pigs taking a nosedive from great heights certainly has its entertainment value, which is why Niu opted them to dive instead of just swim. Mr. Niu revealed that he originally wanted the pigs to just swim so that the pork will have better texture but admitted that it was not “eye-catching enough.”
While pig diving might seem like a very unusual practice, it's actually quite popular in certain parts of China; in fact, the trend of pig diving was made popular five years ago courtesy of a Chinese farmer in the province of Hunan who even made the trend a local tourist attraction.
This just goes to show that, even if pigs are still incapable of flying, they certainly are capable of diving. Check out the video below for more high-flying and pork-soaring action that is pig diving.
Most histories trace antiterrorism squads to the Haymarket bombing in Chicago in 1886, after which American police departments devoted a new zeal to gathering intelligence.
In 1904, the New York Police Department formed an Italian squad, and two years later the alien squad was created to contain a surge in immigrant crime.
Less than a decade after that, the bomb squad was deployed. Bolstered by surveillance and infiltration by federal agencies, the squad went on to focus on communists, socialists, anarchists, fascists, labor agitators, advocates of birth control and civil rights, antiwar protesters and other “enemies of government.”
As new enemies surfaced, the squad was re-branded as the radical squad, the neutrality squad, the red squad, the Bureau of Criminal Alien Investigation, the Bureau of Special Service Investigations and even the public relations squad. After Sept. 11, the demographics unit monitored Muslims.
The terrorist attacks by an Al Qaeda-influenced gunman may signal a new wave of Internet surveillance in France. New laws have been proposed by French President Nicolas Sarkozy in his effort to create a "civilized Internet."
On Thursday, Sarkozy used a televised address to propose a new set of laws that criminalize the use of websites affiliated with terrorist sympathizers and hate groups. "From now on, any person who habitually consults Web sites that advocate terrorism or that call for hatred and violence will be criminally punished," he said.
The pronouncement came on the heels of the police manhunt for and 32-hour standoff with Mohamed Merah, a 23-year old French citizen accused of murdering three French paratroopers, a rabbi, and three Jewish schoolchildren. "Don't tell me it's not possible," Sarkozy said. "What is possible for pedophiles should be possible for trainee terrorists and their supporters, too.”
Sarkozy was referencing French laws that criminalize access to Internet sites with child pornography, which carry penalties of up to two years imprisonment and €30.000 in fines for "habitual" visitors. Associated Press' Raphael Satter reports that the French Ministry of Justice would not offer additional clarification of Sarkozy's proposal, or indicate whether the same sorts of penalties were being considered for visitors to sites covered by the proposed measure.
Sarkozy's proposal is just the latest step in France's efforts to criminalize the publication and consumption of offensive speech on the Internet. France already has a long history of pressing Internet censorship—in 2000, French laws against anti-Semitic speech were used to force Yahoo to stop Web auctions of Nazi memorabilia.
But the Sarkozy government has added regulations over the past year that could be used to turn Internet providers into police informants, tracking their users' online activities and blocking access to banned sites by French citizens. In 2008, France began a program to build a list of sites to be blocked by Internet service providers, flagging sites that contained child pornography and hate speech. France's Constitutional Council ruled last March that "administrative filtering" of the Internet for the purposes of blocking child pornography was constitutional, clearing the way for enforcement of blocking provisions in the LOPPSI 2 law ("Guidance and planning for the performance of homeland security").
In the same month, the French government passed its implementation of European Union e-commerce directives, which placed new data retention requirements on ISPs and website operators—requiring them to retain detailed personal information about all customers' transactions and posting of content, and mandating that they provide law enforcement and other officials access to that data.
The newly proposed law would go even further into both surveillance and censorship, however, because it would treat those viewing the contents of sites designated by the government as terrorist or hate speech as criminals—not just those posting the content.
It's not clear how the French government would enforce the law Sarkozy proposed, or even if the bill would pass constitutional muster if it was approved. Lucie Morillon of the watchdog group Reporters Without Borders told AP's Satter that what particularly is worrying about the proposed law is that the French government would not be able to tell precisely who is looking at a site unless total surveillance of Internet traffic was adopted by France.
And that could well be the case, if Sarkozy gets his way. But there are obvious workarounds. Just as French law hasn't stopped child pornography from getting viewed, the Electronic Frontier Foundation's Jillian York pointed out in a statement that those want to get to material deemed "terrorist" can use anonymizing tools such as the Tor Network or VPNs to get to it, "or simply access it from a variety of locations to avoid appearing as 'habitual' viewers."
That doesn't mean that an actual universal surveillance system in France couldn't detect such evasion. There have already been demonstrations of the use of Tor "fingerprinting" to reduce that network's anonymity, and systems like those from Bivio Networks, Blue Coat, and others can be used to identify patterns in traffic that would point to use of anonymizing software. The real question is whether France has the political will to allow its government to essentially end anonymity online in the interest of preventing would-be jihadis from visiting a discussion site. And much of that may depend on whether Sarkozy wins re-election.
Listing image by Photograph by Nicolas Nova
The iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus and redesigned iPhone X have arrived. They bring a host of new features and increased price tags (some more than others), but on closer inspection, it appears Apple's most fundamental upgrade will not work as expected...
The iPhone X, iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus finally delivered fast charging to the iPhone range years after most of Apple's rivals. It was essential. Apple makes solid claims about performance too saying it will provide a 50% charge in just 30 minutes.
But there's a problem: this won't happen out the box.
Yes, despite Apple pricing its new iPhones as high as $1,149, not a single one of the new iPhones will come with a fast charger as standard. This is because Apple will continue to bundle the Lightning to USB-A charger regardless of model or storage capacity and fast charging will require a more powerful Lightning to USB-C charger.
Needless to say, that doesn't come cheap.
Apple currently sells three different Lighting to USB Type-C chargers, the 29W A1540, 61W A1718 and 87W A1719 and they retail for $49, $69 and $79 respectively. Furthermore, the chargers all have mixed reviews on Apple's site. Why? Because none of them come with a cable.
And you will need one because the bundled Lightning to USB-A cable won't fit. Of course, Apple sells individual Lighting to USB-C cables in 1 meter and 2-meter variants and they cost $25 and $35 respectively. So this means users will need to pay a minimum of $74 to add fast wired charging to a new iPhone - that's a total outlay of $1,224 in the case of the 256GB iPhone X.
Expect to wait! Because that's probably not the end of your costs.
While Apple confirmed to me the requirements for iPhone X, iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus fast wired charging, it has yet to confirm whether the Qi-compatible wireless charging of the new models will be compliant with Qi's existing 15W fast wireless charging standard. AppleInsider explains users may instead require ‘AirPower' certified devices (Apple's customisation of the Qi standard) for a premium wireless charging experience.
How much will an Apple AirPower matt cost? We don't know. Apple showed matts off at the launch, but they won't go on sale until 2018. Then again the optional AirPods' wireless charging case expected to cost $70, bringing both fast wired and wireless charging to your Apple gadgets is likely to be far more expensive than most users imagined. And that's before you think about having chargers in multiple locations.
Feel free to do the math based on the iPhone model which interests you:
iPhone X - 64GB ($999), 256GB ($1,149)
iPhone 8 - 64GB ($699), 256GB ($849)
iPhone 8 Plus - 64GB ($799), 256GB ($949)
Fast wired charger - 29W ($49), 61W ($69) 87W ($79)
Lighting to USB-C cable - 1m ($25), 2m ($35)
AirPower charging matt (Unknown)
AirPods wireless charging case ($70 expected)
Ultimately iPhone fans will pay what they wish to pay, no-one is being forced to part with their money. But with new models costing over $1,000 and many fast charging Android phones costing less than the cost of Apple's optional fast charging accessories, it is understandable if some think Tim Cook has finally gone too far...
___
Follow Gordon on Twitter, Facebook and Google+
More On Forbes
iPhone 8 Vs iPhone 8 Plus: What's The Difference?
Apple iOS 11 Release Has Great Secret Features
Apple Leaks ‘Confirm' iPhone 8 Release Date
iPhone 8 Exclusive: Apple's Biggest Changes Revealed
10.5-inch iPad Pro vs 12.9-inch iPad Pro (2017): What's The Difference?
In the five years since President Xi Jinping moved to the helm, China has become richer and more powerful. But what has this growth meant for the fate and fortunes of the ordinary Chinese family?
As China's most powerful decision-makers meet to set the course of the nation for the next five years and a new generation of leaders emerges, we look at data from Chinese authorities and major surveys, to get some clues about how China's family life and society is changing.
In 2015, the government threw out its notorious one child policy which had been intended to keep population figures low but had led to a crippling gender imbalance.
So while now the door is open for more kids and bigger families, a look at marriage and divorce rates increasingly shows the same trend as the rest of the developed world: Marriage rates are falling while more and more people end up divorced.
Yet this first impression might be misleading.
"China has always had and is still having a much lower divorce rate than US and western European countries," Xuan Li, assistant professor of psychology at New York University Shanghai, explains.
"A much higher percentage of mainland Chinese people marry eventually, in comparison to those in neighbouring areas and countries. So the idea that the Chinese families (and ergo, the society and nation) are falling apart is statistically ungrounded."
China might have overturned its one-child policy in 2015 yet its legacy will continue to be a problem for years to come. There is even a term for unmarried men over 30: Shengnan, meaning "leftover men".
In 2015, a Chinese businessman in his 40s reportedly sued a Shanghai-based introductions agency for failing to find him a wife, having paid the company 7m yuan ($1m, £780,000) to conduct an extensive search.
"China's one-child policy advanced and amplified a demographic transition," explains Louis Kuijs of Oxford Economics. "Falling birth rates and an aging population have been exerting downward pressure on the labour force and thus on economic growth."
"Although the one-child policy was changed in January 2016 into a two-child policy, higher birth rates now will only show up in the labour force in around two decades," he estimates.
But higher standards of living are slowly affecting traditional gender perceptions and that in turn will have a positive effect on the gender imbalance.
"The gender imbalance is already changing," Mu Zheng of the Centre for Family and Population Research at National University of Singapore told the BBC.
"That's because of the relaxed fertility policy, changing attitudes, women's advanced profiles in both education and work, and with a more established social security system,"
But for now, the current gender imbalance does make it hard for men to find wives.
Amid the constant talk about China's housing bubble about to burst, here's a detail that stands out: Among millennials, China has a towering percentage of homeowners, a different league it seems from European countries or the US.
While the above data from HSBC largely covers urban China, it still illustrates a crucial point: parents are trying whatever they can to equip their sons with some added extras to woo women into wedlock.
"It is the custom that husbands will provide a home," Dr Jieyu Liu, deputy director of the SOAS China Institute, told the BBC in April when HSBC released the data.
"Many love stories fail to turn to marriage if the men fail to provide a marital house."
So once charm, luck or a property have helped China's singles get hitched - what is life like for families?
China's average income has seen a steady rise, both in rural and in urban areas. While the relative expenses on food have dropped significantly over the past decade, the money spent on things like health, clothes or transport has gone up. The same goes for communications. The surge in mobile phones illustrates that point.
Smartphones are not just another communications expense - the WeChat app for instance is so woven into everyday routines that life without a phone is virtually unthinkable.
"WeChat is designed as an app that is like a toolkit for life, sort of digital Swiss Army knife," Beijing-based tech analyst Duncan Clark of ABI Research explains.
He says consumers have been embracing the convenience of it covering everything from paying utility bills, cashless payments in shops, taxis and bike rentals, money transfers and of course - communication.
Higher incomes translate into more money spent on children's education and recent years have shown a steady rise in parents sending their children overseas to study. What's more, they are coming back.
"A large proportion of these students are returning to China, with 433,000 having returned in 2016," explains Rajiv Biswas, APAC chief economist at analytics firm IHS Markit.
This rapidly growing pool of Chinese graduates with international degrees and experience of living abroad will make the next generation of Chinese business and government leaders "very international in their thinking and understanding of other cultures, which will be increasingly important as China assumes the mantle of the world's largest economy in about a decade".
And while a degree from a European or US university is likely to boost your chances on the job market - it might also drive up your chances of bagging the right partner.
Reporting by Andreas Illmer.
Graphics produced by Wesley Stephenson, Mark Bryson and Sumi Senthinathan.
by Ken Bakely
According to the small stack of old ticket stubs lying around on one of the shelves above my desk, I attended a screening of Now You See Me on June 17, 2013. Coincidentally, I saw its sequel precisely three years later to the day. And I think the symmetry is fitting – Jon M. Chu's Now You See Me 2 is very much a case of the apple not falling very far from the tree. It's more of the same brand of unbelievable special effects-assisted illusions that the first installment carried, yet executed with enough levity that one remains at least perfunctorily entertained.
Things are a bit duller this time, with the concept of renegade magicians, a fascinating bit of uncharted territory in the debut installment, now having been thoroughly established. The idea is no longer enough, but Ed Solomon's screenplay has a bit of trouble reconciling that fact. By the time the third act rolls around, the events have become so blindingly absurd that, much like the individual tricks seen on screen are handled, Chu relies on his own visual flair to mask the paper-thin developments. Does it work for the most part? Well, it depends on how much you liked the first film.
Now You See Me 2, set a year after its predecessor, sees three of the four Horsemen – J. Daniel Atlas (Jesse Eisenberg), Jack Wilder (Dave Franco), and Merritt McKinney (Woody Harrelson) – coming out of hiding to expose a massive conspiracy involving a major tech company, where valuable personal data from hundreds of millions of people would be captured and sold. A new illusionist named Lula (Lizzy Caplan), is reluctantly added. In the process, the FBI renews their manhunt for the Horsemen, but Agent Dylan Rhodes (Mark Ruffalo), still secretly affiliated with the magicians, tries his best to make sure that his colleagues go uncaptured. In the process of escaping arrest, however, the Horsemen are abducted by other forces and find themselves in Macau. There, they are confronted with another series of twists and turns, as old and new enemies appear, intertwining in the most peculiar ways, but all with the common goal of seeing the Horsemen destroyed.
At least Now You See Me 2 carries along the same breezy, cool aesthetic that the inaugural entry established. Exteriors are characterized by neon-colored urban settings (Macau is Las Vegas times infinity), and interiors are chock-full of slick lighting and well-dressed people – obvious attempts to break into the realms of the heist films of yesteryear. Another important element is an ensemble cast of talented individuals, which this movie pulls off in spades, not only with returning actors (Eisenberg, Franco, Harrelson, Ruffalo, Morgan Freeman, Michael Caine), but a handful of new faces which slip into the proceedings. The most notable inductee is Daniel Radcliffe, who portrays an eccentric magnate who fakes his death. Radcliffe gets a few fun things to do, and plays opposite Caine in the third act. Additionally, Lizzy Caplan is clearly dedicated to her role Lula, the new Horseman, but the script doesn't give her much depth beyond the fact that she's an up-and-coming magician who has the hots for Franco's character.
But the biggest issue with Now You See Me 2 is one which was seen in the first movie as well, and it's the amount of wonder that's lost when watching a magic trick onscreen. While the appearance of David Copperfield's name as a co-producer seems to be a tacit way of arguing that attempts were made to ground every large trick in some kind of reality, the presentation of many key setpieces are overdirected into oblivion. Take for example a particular headache of a scene, about halfway through the 129 minute movie, in which the Horsemen have to retrieve a small data storage device from a supercomputer system while their every move is being watched by armed guards.
Eventually they resort to attaching the thin chip to a playing card and passing it amongst themselves through slight-of-hand while they are being searched and frisked. While the idea of the sequence itself is rather remarkable, Chu's execution of it is beyond botched, employing messily cut POV shots of the card as it passes from hand to hand, thrown through the air at high speeds or passed along shoe bottoms. Any hint of amazement is dashed away by the computer-generated camera work, and the lengthy scene falls flat as a pancake, bringing the whole movie to a screeching halt. It's this lack of awareness that does the most damage to an otherwise conceptually enjoyable film, and so it fails to improve upon the flaws of Now You See Me. For those of us who were charmed the blinding flashiness of the 2013 movie just enough to eke out a recommendation, this is all more of the same. But does that really merit another two hours of your time?
Advertisements
ISIS is the most brutal terrorist group of our time. Under the guise of religion, they murder, rape, pillage, and enslave, destroying whole cities to achieve power and control over new territory and natural resources. Victims are forced to convert to Islam as the group slavishly follows a perverted version of the teachings of Islam to suit their agenda.
In August 2014 the terrorists invaded the lands around Mount Sinjar in Iraq, home to the minority Yazidi people. They slaughtered males of fighting age and abducted women and little children to be sold as slaves. They separated families and took young girls for their own sexual gratification, the young boys were forced to become their trainees.
The captives have had no one to count on for help but their families, who might be blackmailed for thousands of dollars in ransom. Most of the time, however, surviving relatives never even know if their abducted loved ones are alive or where they're kept.
Some of the women who had been enslaved managed to escape or were returned by their families. They tell harrowing stories of atrocities committed by ISIS that they had to witness. Despite being safe now, they are still severely affected by their time in captivity. Most have lost family members and rebuilding their lives in this new reality is incredibly hard for them.
In this awful situation, one man stood up against ISIS and its reign of terror. A former smuggler, Abu Shuja, uses his extensive covert network throughout Iraq and abroad, to take back Yazidi captives from ISIS. He organises and takes part in rescue missions, saving the abducted from terrorists and reuniting them with their families.
For that, he risks his own life every day. Not only is he in danger of being killed or captured during the operations, he also receives regular death threats; but he still can't give up, he knows he is the only hope for so many people.
His courage comes at a price; to protect his family, Abu Shuja has had to part with them and send his wife and children to safety abroad. They are now among the thousands of refugees seeking asylum in Europe and now their lives too depend on the kindness of strangers.
Cue the opposition, right? Not so fast when it comes to the Broadway Triangle—a nearly 30-acre swath of residential, vacant and industrial property bounded by Broadway, and Union and Flushing avenues. There, a collection of community groups determined to foster construction of more affordable housing has long called for bigger buildings, although the organizations have sparred repeatedly over whom those apartments should be designed to serve.
"You could build enough affordable housing to accommodate everybody," said Mr. Needleman, according to the blog Bedford+Bowery.
Today, the triangle is an underutilized mix of one-story industrial buildings, midrise apartment houses in various stages of completion, and fenced-off vacant lots—some used as impromptu parking areas, others resembling miniature nature preserves. The triangle sits in South Williamsburg's Community Board 1, the home of one of the city's largest Hasidic neighborhoods, but it also lies just across the street from Bedford-Stuyvesant's mostly black Community Board 3, and Bushwick's predominantly Hispanic Community Board 4.
Ever since a 2009 rezoning of an eight-block strip near the proposed development site, those three communities have engaged in a heated debate—ignited by charges of racism—centered on exactly what kind of housing belongs there, and for whom it should be designed.
That fractious history means Mr. Dushinsky, who could not be reached for comment, could be in for a unique public-review process as he presses for a rezoning of his two-block property.
Although the city's rezoning nearby was designed to create market-rate and affordable-housing units on both publicly and privately owned sites, critics have argued that the changes discriminate against the area's black and Hispanic neighborhoods and favor a portion of its Hasidic community.
For starters, they objected to a provision that would reserve half the affordable units for Community Board 1 residents. In addition, critics charged that the city selected developers to build on public sites without a bidding process.
But what could prove to be the most relevant sticking point for Mr. Dushinsky's rezoning is the argument that constructing shorter buildings with larger apartments is a bow to the unique needs of Hasidic families.
Many of them have six or more children. What's more, many will not ride in an elevator on the Sabbath, or will only use an elevator that stops on every floor so they don't have to press the buttons, making taller buildings impractical for them.
Alice McBrearty sobbed in the dock as she was jailed for 16 months
A "disgraced" former teacher has been jailed for 16 months after admitting to a "full-blown sexual relationship" with a 15-year-old schoolboy.
Alice McBrearty, 23, had a four-month "romance" with the teenager, who was one of her pupils.
Jurors at Snaresbrook Crown Court heard how she kissed the teenager in a classroom and had sex with him at an Ibis hotel.
She also took the boy to her parents' home in Wanstead Park, east London.
McBrearty pleaded guilty at an earlier hearing to seven counts of sexual activity with a child while in a position of trust.
During Friday's sentencing, she put her head in her hands and sobbed in the dock as Judge Sheelagh Canavan jailed her.
The judge said the woman was "bright, intelligent and gifted" and "knew right from wrong", but that she had committed the "grossest breach of trust".
She said: "You engaged in a full-blown sexual relationship with a 15-year-old child.
"I accept he was consenting - what 15-year-old schoolboy would turn down such an attractive offer?
"I accept you truly believed this was a great romance, you were in love with him and vice versa, and that age didn't matter. But it did.
"You were supposed to keep him safe, to help him make the right decisions.
"Instead, you helped him make all the wrong ones."
The relationship began after McBrearty sent the pupil a friend request on social media.
Prosecutor Lisa Matthews said the boy "felt special" and was "besotted" with the teacher, who would take him to parks and for meals.
The relationship ended when his father called the police.
Emma Shafton, defending, said: "This is a young lady who has had a spectacular fall from grace - university educated, comes from a respectable family - she has been utterly disgraced by this."
She said McBrearty was "not sexually attracted to children", but added: "She will of course be branded a paedophile for the rest of her life. She is a sex offender."
The barrister said the woman had been reduced to working on a zero-hours contract delivering parcels to Amazon as she was no longer able to get a "decent job".
Judicial Watch Uncovers New Smoking Gun Clinton Emails
Clinton IT Official Takes “The Fifth” In Judicial Watch Deposition
Homeland Security Chief, Top Aides Were Exempted from Personal Email Ban
Judicial Watch Uncovers New Smoking Gun Clinton Emails
This week we learned more about the problems former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's staff faced in keeping her separate email system running. They were, in fact, wrestling with matters of national security.
The revelations came thanks to our prying loose the email records referred to in the May 2016 State Department's Office of the Inspector General report criticizing former Secretary of State Clinton's email practices.
The OIG report makes reference to the emails but they were not released to the public until now. We obtained them under a June 14, 2016, court order issued by U.S. District Court Judge Emmet G. Sullivan in accordance with an unopposed motion by Judicial Watch to obtain the records. As an explosive Associated Press article makes clear, these new emails raise more questions:
Former Secretary Hillary Clinton failed to turn over a copy of a key message involving problems caused by her use of a private homebrew email server, the State Department confirmed Thursday. The disclosure makes it unclear what other work-related emails may have been deleted by the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee.
We received these documents in connection with our Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit seeking records about the controversial employment status of Huma Abedin, Clinton's then-deputy chief of staff (Judicial Watch v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:13-cv-01363)). The full case history of the Abedin employment lawsuit is accessible on the Judicial Watch website.
Here are the records:
A. March 17, 2009 memorandum prepared by S/ES-IRM staff regarding communications equipment in the Secretary's New York residence identified a server located in the basement. (This email shows early on that the Obama State Department was very much aware of Mrs. Clinton's email server, down to its very location in her house!) B. In November 2010, Secretary Clinton and her Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations discussed the fact that Secretary Clinton's emails to Department employees were not being received. The Deputy Chief of Staff emailed the Secretary that “we should talk about putting you on state email or releasing your email address to the department so you are not going to spam.” In response, the Secretary wrote, “Let's get separate address or device but I don't want any risk of the personal being accessible.” (This is the smoking gun email that Mrs. Clinton evidently withheld, according to the AP.) C. In another email exchange, the Director of S/ES-IRM noted that an email account and address had already been set up for the Secretary and also stated that “you should be aware that any email would go through the Department's infrastructure and subject to FOIA searches.” D. OIG reviewed emails showing communications between Department staff and both individuals concerning operational issues affecting the Secretary's email and server from 2010 through at least October 2012. These records show that State Department systems were altered to allow Mrs. Clinton special email system to operate on State Department computer networks. As Investor's Business Daily opined, this “accommodation” also put the State Department computer networks at risk. E. On January 9, 2011, the non-Departmental advisor to President Clinton who provided technical support to the Clinton email system notified the Secretary's Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations that he had to shut down the server because he believed “someone was trying to hack us and while they did not get in i didnt [sic] want to let them have the chance to.” Later that day, the advisor again wrote to the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations, “We were attacked again so I shut [the server] down for a few min.” On January 10, the Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations emailed the Chief of Staff and the Deputy Chief of Staff for Planning and instructed them not to email the Secretary “anything sensitive” and stated that she could “explain more in person.”
These new records show that Secretary Clinton had zero interest in disclosing her emails to the public as the law requires. And the emails show that the Obama State Department gave special accommodations to Clinton's email system, which the agency knew was unsecure, was likely hacked, and was not transparent under FOIA.
Clinton IT Official Takes “The Fifth” In Judicial Watch Deposition
Earlier this week, we released the deposition transcript of former State Department IT political appointee Bryan Pagliano, who repeatedly invoked his Fifth Amendment right to not answer questions. Pagliano was the Clinton State Department IT official who reportedly provided support for the Clinton email system. The deposition transcript is available here.
Pagliano asserted his Fifth Amendment right to many key questions about the clintonemail.com system – including whether the system was set up to thwart the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA); any email-related discussions with Clinton and her top aides; how the system was set up; whether Clinton deleted government records; and recent discussions he may have had with Clinton's lawyers about the email issue. Pagliano made the following statement in response to these and other questions:
On the advice of counsel, I will decline to answer your question in reliance on my rights under the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
Pagliano, at the direction of his lawyer, simply did not answer other questions, such as who was paying for his legal representation.
Pagliano is among seven depositions of former Clinton top aides and State Department officials that Judicial Watch has scheduled over the next two weeks. The next witness is Huma Abedin, Clinton's then-deputy chief of staff and a senior advisor throughout Clinton's four years as Secretary of State and who also had an email account on the clintonemail.com system. Abedin is scheduled to be deposed Tuesday, June 28. Under Secretary for Management Patrick F. Kennedy is scheduled to testify on Wednesday, June 29.
This discovery arises in a Judicial Watch FOIA lawsuit that seeks records about the controversial employment status of Huma Abedin, former deputy chief of staff to Clinton. The lawsuit was reopened because of revelations about the clintonemail.com system. (Judicial Watch v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:13-cv-01363)). Judge Sullivan ordered that all deposition transcripts be made publicly available.
As you might imagine, the media widely covered this development. The headlines include Clinton IT specialist invokes 5th more than 125 times in deposition, Clinton IT aide who set up email server asserts 5th Amendment in civil deposition, and Hillary's secret server aide invokes Fifth Amendment ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY FIVE times.
You can watch television coverage, featuring interviews of my Judicial Watch colleagues, here and here.
Homeland Security Chief, Top Aides Were Exempted from Personal Email Ban
Secretary Clinton was not the only top Obama administration skirting email rules and putting our nation's security at risk.
A new batch 693 pages of Department of Homeland Security records revealing that Secretary Jeh Johnson and 28 other agency officials used government computers to access personal, web-based email accounts — despite an agency-wide ban due to heightened security concerns.
The documents also reveal that Homeland Security officials misled Rep. Scott Perry (R-PA) when Perry specifically asked whether personal accounts were being used for official government business.
Moreover, the practice continued even after the Clinton email revelations.
We received the records in response to a February 2016 court order by a U.S. District Court following our Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit (Judicial Watch v. Department of Homeland Security (No. 1:15-cv-01772)).
We filed the lawsuit in October 2015 after the DHS failed to comply with a July 2015 FOIA request seeking the following:
All requests (in any form) submitted by senior DHS officials for waivers to use personal Web-based email accounts on government-owned computers.
Copies of all waivers granted to senior DHS officials to use personal Web-based email accounts on government-owned computers.
We initiated this inquiry after a Bloomberg News report revealing that 29 high-level Homeland Security officials, including Johnson, obtained exemptions from a February 2014 agency-wide ban on the use of web-based email systems due to increased security concerns. The waivers were granted despite security officials' warning of the risks of malicious attacks and data exfiltration from webmail use.
Included among the records is a February 19, 2014 memorandum from security officials at the Department of Homeland Security strongly warning: “According to the Office of the Chief Information Officer, access to webmail using DHS networks is responsible for almost half of all attempts to compromise DHS network security.” The memo explains that webmail use resulted in 14 Trojan-Horse attacks in August 2013 and 25 attacks in December 2013 on Homeland Security computer networks.
As a result, in the same memo, Department of Homeland Security officials imposed a total ban on employee use of web-based email systems:
New restrictions are being implemented that will no longer allow employee access to personal webmail sites from government computers [Emphasis added]. This action is being taken to strengthen cybersecurity and enhance protection of the Department's computer networks. Effective tonight, access to webmail sites like AOL, Hotmail, Comcast, Gmail, Yahoo, and other email services will be prohibited.
The records reveal that despite this strict prohibition, Johnson was given an exemption from the ban on the first day of its implementation simply because he liked to check his personal email from the office everyday. In an April 7, 2014, email, DHS Deputy Director for Scheduling and Protocol Mary Ellen Brown wrote to DHS Chief of Staff for the Under Secretary for Management Vincent Micone: “Hi Vince – I wanted to flag that S1 [Secretary Johnson] accesses his [redacted] account every day and I didn't know if we could add his computer to the waiver list? Let us know at your convenience. Thanks! ME”
Micone responds several minutes later: “ME, This will be done… no problem. Thanks, Vince”
The documents also reveal that on April 29, 2014, Connie LaRossa, then-director of legislative affairs for Homeland Security, was granted a waiver to use her web-based email account for official government business. The justification LaRossa used for requesting access to Yahoo email was that some congressional staffers wanted to send her “political information” that they “do not want to transmit via government mail.”
Despite LaRossa's waiver, in answers prepared in April 7, 2014, for Rep. Scott Perry, in response to his query about the use of personal email accounts for official business, Homeland Security explicitly denied it was being done. In one question, Rep. Perry asked:
“Are DHS officials permitted to maintain private email accounts that are used to conduct official business? If so, who and under what circumstances?”
Homeland Security officially responded:
“To date, no requests have been approved to use a private email account for official business.”
Other top Homeland Security officials receiving waivers permitting them to use personal, web-based email on government computers included:
ANMS2 [Alejandro N. Mayorkas, deputy secretary]
Bunnell, Stevan E. [general counsel]
Chavez, Richard [director of the Office of Operations Coordination]
Gottfried, Jordan [Chief of Staff]
JCJ [Jeh Charles Johnson, secretary of Homeland Security]
Kronisch, Matthew [associate general counsel (Intelligence)]
Marrone, Christian [chief of staff]
Meyer, Jonathan [deputy general counsel]
Rosen, Paul [deputy chief of staff]
Shahoulian, David [deputy general counsel]
Silvers, Robert [deputy chief of staff]
Taylor, Francis X [undersecretary for intelligence and analysis]
Veitch, Alenandra [acting deputy assistant secretary]
Waters, Erin [director of strategic communication]
The use of personal email accounts on Homeland Security computers continued for more than a year after the official ban was put in place in April 2014, until July 2015 – over four months after revelations about Hillary Clinton's controversial email practices.
In a July 20, 2015, email, Luke McCormack, then-Chief Information Officer of the Justice Department, ordered Jeanne Etzel, Executive Director of Homeland Security's Next Generation Program, to “pull down” the personal “webmail” email accounts of the 29 Department of Homeland Security executives previously approved to use personal email accounts, except for that of Secretary Jeh Johnson [“S1”].
McCormack ordered this at the “DUSM's direction” (Deputy Undersecretary for Management, Charles Fulghum). This order came the same day a Bloomberg story was published regarding Homeland Security officials “bending the rules” on personal email use on government computers. The next day, Secretary Johnson's webmail access also was blocked.
Last October it was widely reported that the personal email accounts of both Jeh Johnson and CIA Director John Brennan had been hacked.
Jeh Johnson and top officials at Homeland Security put the nation's security at risk by using personal email despite significant security issues. We know now that security rules were bent and broken to allow many these top Homeland Security officials to use “personal” emails to conduct government business.
This new Obama administration email scandal is just getting started. If the waivers were appropriate, they wouldn't have been dropped like a hot potato as soon as they were discovered by the media.
Toronto FC announced Thursday that Aron Winter (pron. A-ron Vinter) has been named the club's new Head Coach and Technical Director. Paul Mariner joins the team as Director of Player Development.
“We have been working over the past few months to build an integrated soccer system that will give us the best opportunity to succeed on the pitch,” said Tom Anselmi, executive vice president and chief operating officer, Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment. “We wanted to establish a management team that is committed to the way the club wants to play, has an international perspective, knows Major League Soccer and believes in the potential of Toronto FC.”
RELATED: Aron Winter biography and first interview
RELATED: Paul Mariner sits down with Lee Godfrey
RELATED: Bob de Klerk leaves Ajax for TFC
VIDEO: Tom Anselmi introduces the new team.
“Aron will oversee our entire soccer operation and set the soccer direction of Toronto FC. Paul will be responsible for our club's scouting, player acquisition, player development and our Academy,” added Anselmi.
Winter, 43, brings a wealth of international experience to Toronto as both a player and coach. He made 84 international appearances for the Netherlands and played in three FIFA World Cups and four European Championships. He started and ended his playing career in Amsterdam with Ajax (pron. I-axe) and also played in Italy for Lazio and Inter Milan, making over 400 career club appearances.
After announcing his retirement in 2003, Winter stayed with Ajax to begin his coaching career where he has worked with the club's Academy and also as an assistant coach with the first team over the last seven years.
“I am extremely excited by the opportunity that has been given to me to lead Toronto FC,” said Winter. “The vision of this club matches my beliefs about how the game should be played, and I look forward to building a team that is capable of delivering long term success on and off the pitch.”
Mariner, 57, returns to Major League Soccer after 15 months coaching with Plymouth Argyle in England. He was hired by New England Revolution in 2004 as Assistant Coach and spent six seasons with the club, reaching the MLS Cup three consecutive years. The Revolution qualified for the MLS Playoffs in each of Mariner's seasons with the team.
As a player, Mariner represented England at the 1982 FIFA World Cup and 1980 European Championship. He played over 500 games for Plymouth Argyle, Ipswich Town, Arsenal and Portsmouth.
Bob de Klerk joins Winter and Mariner as part of Toronto FC's new management team in the role of First Assistant Coach. de Klerk worked alongside Winter at Ajax where he was a coach in the Dutch club's world renowned youth academy.
After a spell as Interim General Manager, Earl Cochrane has been named Toronto FC's Director of Team and Player Operations.
Stuart Neely steps up to become Director of Toronto FC's Academy. Jim Brennan, Nick Dasovic, Mike Toshack, Danny Dichio and Jason Bent will remain with the club. “We want to thank the existing team staff for their hard work and dedication to Toronto FC over the last few months,” said Anselmi. “This new structure gives on-going opportunities for them to play a big role in the future of the club.”
I was pleasantly surprised upon leaving Silverstone a couple of hours after the British Grand Prix.
After a five year self-imposed hiatus from experiencing a Formula One race first hand, the feel of being there to see the top of the motorsport tree has changed. It helped that the race itself was one of the more exciting ones in recent memory – with intermittent rain towards the end spicing up the action – nevertheless it's hard to fault ‘the show' too much because it was actually very entertaining. Seeing a Brit win at Silverstone was also a big perk, despite me having less of a rooting interest in Lewis Hamilton these days….
F1 isn't what it used to be for various reasons good and bad, it's not what I grew up with but it still remains the only form of motorsport that Joe Public keep tabs on all year round. F1 was unmissable in my house as recent as 2010, but I don't feel guilty for missing the odd race here or there anymore. That's nothing new though, because I swear by the late 90s/early 00s cars while many people of my Dad's generation swear by the 70s and 80s; preferences are generational, people keep watching as it gradually changes.
Let's start with the negatives because admittedly there were a few. The current era of F1 cars are vastly underwhelming to watch pass by, they just are. Going in I was sure they couldn't be as disappointing as I'd heard, but they were. The last time I stood trackside was back in 2009 at Spa, when they were ear-splittingly loud and therefore looked ‘quick'. This year saw the drivers come within five seconds of the lap record but it didn't feel that way, especially watching them at low-speed where they didn't look half as awe-inspiring as they once did.
The low-pitch hum of the 1.6 litre V6 turbo engines is quiet and quite dreary – like the mid-race weather – and it definitely takes away from the experience of attending an F1 race. The beauty of sportscars, one of the reasons I love it, is variation in looks and sound, the feeling that the regulations allow for differences. Nowadays F1 couldn't be any more opposite. Something has to be changed in this respect, or the crop of young fans watching now will grow up with uninspiring noise levels coming from F1 exhausts and get used to it.
The GP2 cars are far louder, being able to hold a conversation while watching a gaggle of F1 cars fly down the Hanger Straight isn't a good thing in my opinion!
Making the trip to the British Grand Prix is also expensive, VERY expensive. I was lucky to have been granted a media pass for the weekend courtesy of Cameron Twynham, so I didn't have to stomach the cost of admission, camping and grandstand seats. The Silverstone executives slashed the prices at the turn of 2015 to get more people in, and it worked, but if you paid full price it's hard to justify the value for money. It costs hundreds to sit on a grandstand, and around a ‘hundy' just to get in for the weekend. £67 just for Friday practice if you booked in advance and £90 for official parking for three days really isn't a good deal.
For what's effectively a sprint race plus practice and qualifying I think it's borderline ludicrous to pay full price. When discounted it was more reasonable – with general admission tickets under £100 – but it's still not great when you could do a full week at Le Mans for roughly the same budget when everything is totalled up up.
Next year's FIA WEC round at Silverstone meanwhile has seen ticket prices rise by £5 to £40 for the weekend, which is a testament to the state of sportscar racing at the moment. Sportscar racing has a lot going for it, but one thing it doesn't have is the same feeling that it's an ‘event' outside of the marquee races. Here's where my take on the weekend gets positive.
I'm a sucker for a big sporting occasion, and the Grand Prix definitely provided that, which is why I have an unexpected urge to consider returning next year. Silverstone was rammed, with a supposed record crowd of over 140,000 on race day. Yet it still didn't feel uncomfortable.
Every grandstand was seemingly full for the race, and that transforms the experience at the circuit. From the huge cheers as Hamilton took back the lead, to the big attendance for the post-race concert it felt like you were watching something that was special and meant something.
In terms of facilities from what I saw there were plenty of food stands dotted around to ensure queues were short. And to my surprise even the prices weren't too bad, coming in at well under Wembley Stadium prices.
The concerts on in the E-Zone in the centre of the circuit were worth going to each night, with the stage acting as screens and a place for public driver interviews during the day. It had a miniature festival atmosphere, especially after the race when I had a watch. To attract a family audience, making it more than racing is key, so adding the Typhoon display and an activity area for kids was also a plus.
On the subject of screens, there were also plenty of them so even roaming spectators could follow the action – the only plus of the quiet cars meant you could hear the circuit commentators throughout the race too. Standing on the inside of Copse like I did for the race was therefore a pretty good vantage point with everything considered. For someone who feels a little like a fish out of water out of a press room at a motorsport event nowadays, spectating was actually really fun.
After speaking to some friends, I was equally pleased to hear that the camping for the weekend was apparently vastly improved and a great family experience. The Woodlands site was secure, had plenty of places to eat and drink, a good amount of space and even a stage showing kids films each evening.
I almost wanted to leave with the opinion that attending a WEC race is far better than Formula One. But actually, while I still feel sportscars are more of an on-track spectacle now, and better value, the atmosphere at the Grand Prix was so good it almost completely made up for it.
It's far more of a close second than I imagined.
Stephen Kilbey
When the police search a house they no longer look under the bed or behind the fridge, but instead head straight for the computer. The list of recent search entries is often a gold mine. For example, a client of mine was arrested with 15 wraps of cocaine, but police had no further evidence to show he was a dealer, until they read his search enquiry: “How long would I get for dealing cocaine?” That was enough to put him on trial. In these changing times, the old regulation covers the police looking under the bed, but new regulation is needed to cover the new technology.
Theresa May has published the Investigatory Powers Bill to regulate the collection of communications data and the covert recording of phone calls and conversations. The act applies to the police and the security services, as would be expected. However there is a third mysterious category, labelled “Economic Well-Being” which I believe is a euphemism for trade unions.
There is no definition of economic well-being, but economic targets are a concern to the security services. Police pour considerable resources into investigating protesters against Heathrow, but disrupting an airport is a crime already, so why would it need a new separate law? The same applies to a plot to damage a power station. Or bring down the banks. Why have a pointless new category? There is no other explanation for “economic well-being” other than it being a euphemism for trade unions.
If the miners went on strike, would it be appropriate for the security services to break into the home of a trade union leader and record her conversation with her family? Would it be appropriate for all card-carrying members of the NUM to be bugged, because this act would apparently allow it? How about all members of the GMB baggage handling section of Heathrow, or all Unite members in Canary Wharf?
The act does have an apparent safeguard; that a threat to economic well-being must be “relevant” to national security, but everything is “relevant” to national security. Every tube station is a potential target. Every hospital is a vital emergency service. Every energy provider, every bank is relevant, because the word “relevant” it is so vague and intangible. Besides, if it is relevant to national security then surely it would already be covered by the category marked, “national security”. Why would we need a separate category?
I first realised the anxiety of this act at my GMB branch meeting in central London. The unions are hostile to the act in its entirety. It's safe to assume that the unions have previously been bugged during major disputes and perhaps between them. However, if the “economic well-being” part was removed from this act, then the unions should welcome it, because then the only people who can be bugged would be suspects of crime and terror. The unions would have legal protection from this type of covert intrusion for the first time.
In a comical turn, Theresa May has written into this Bill that bugging an MP can only be allowed with the authorisation of the British Prime Minister. So this would mean that David Cameron would be the authority on whether Tom Watson and Chris Bryant should have their phone calls covertly recorded. Or, thought of another way, Brazil's president Dilma Rousseff would have been able to reject the request to record the conversation she recently had with Lula, her predecessor. This section should be removed entirely. MPs shouldn't be so pompous as to think they are different from other citizens. The law should apply equally to them as everyone else.
The British Government should remove all references to “economic well-being” in this Bill and concentrate less on who can authorise what. That includes the bizarre double-lock clause. What we need is a sensible regulation that ensures that intrusive investigations are concentrated on criminals and security threats. We accept that sometimes the innocent will be targeted, in the same way as the innocent are sometimes wrongly arrested, but as long as the law ensures that the mistakes are kept to a minimum, we can content ourselves that this is a good country and one that is safe, because it is a country with good law.
For years (and years and years), physicians treated stomach ulcers by telling their patients to avoid spicy foods and stressful situations. The result? People with ulcers were transformed into people with bland diets, boring lives, and ulcers.
It was later discovered that the conventional wisdom about the cause of ulcers was simply hogwash. Australian researchers Barry Marshall and Robin Warren turned the gastrointestinal world upside down when they proved that most ulcers were caused by a bacterial infection. Once the scientists got to the real source of the problem, a far more effective intervention was obvious: the use of antibiotics to eradicate the Heliobacter pylori bug.
We assume that the cause of poor behavior is a lack of information, inadequate incentives, or sloppy decision-making.
In the case of ulcers, a treatment revolution occurred after someone corrected a false assumption about the cause of the problem. We're undergoing a similar revolution when it comes to behavioral change, and here's why.
When we see other people acting in ways that don't make a lot of sense, our knee-jerk reaction is to try to change their minds–to convince them to do something differently. Implicitly or explicitly, we assume that the cause of poor behavior is a lack of information, inadequate incentives, or sloppy decision-making. Understandably, we work on persuading them to do the right thing.
It rarely works. We argue until we're blue in the face, but our colleagues or loved ones stick to their bad habits. They interrupt people in meetings or don't finish their work on time. Or they eat and drink too much, avoid exercise and save too little money, and sleep and rest far too inconsistently. (And so do we.)
Take the case of saving for retirement: It's obviously good for us, but without some help few of us save as much as we need. In 2001, the researcher David Laibson and his colleagues reported on a company that was offering educational seminars on its 401(k) program and found that some of the employees attending weren't participating in the savings program at all; others were enrolled but weren't saving as much as they could.
On the face of it, these educational sessions were highly persuasive. After attending the meetings, 100% of the employees who weren't participating in the program said they planned to join–but fewer than one in seven of them actually followed through. (Laibson found a similar pattern of good intentions staying dormant among the 401(k) participants who, after attending the seminar, planned to adjust their contributions–very few of whom actually did so.)
Salyut 3 (Russian: Салют-3; English: Salute 3; also known as OPS-2[1] or Almaz 2[2]) was a Soviet space station launched on 25 June 1974. It was the second Almaz military space station, and the first such station to be launched successfully.[2] It was included in the Salyut program to disguise its true military nature.[5] Due to the military nature of the station, the Soviet Union was reluctant to release information about its design, and about the missions relating to the station.[6]
It attained an altitude of 219 to 270 km on launch[3] and NASA reported its final orbital altitude was 268 to 272 km.[7] Only one of the three intended crews successfully boarded and manned the station, brought by Soyuz 14; Soyuz 15 attempted to bring a second crew but failed to dock.
Although little official information has been released about the station, several sources report that it contained multiple Earth-observation cameras, as well as an on-board gun. The station was deorbited, and re-entered the atmosphere on 24 January 1975. The next space station launched by the Soviet Union was the civilian station Salyut 4; the next military station was Salyut 5, which was the final Almaz space station.
Background [ edit ]
The first space station, Salyut 1 (also called DOS-1) had been launched by the Soviet Union in April 1971. Only one mission successfully docked with Salyut 1, which was Soyuz 11, whose three-person crew stayed aboard the station for 22 days in June 1971. After undocking from the station, the Soyuz 11 crew were killed just before reentry.
At the time there were competing "civilian" and pure military Soviet space programs; Salyut 1, for example, was developed as a "civilian" program.[6] Other civilian stations, called Long-term Orbital Stations (DOS), were considered successors of Salyut 1.[2] These consisted of the unsuccessful DOS-2 in 1972, DOS-3 in 1974, and later the successful Salyut 4, Salyut 6, and Salyut 7.[2]
The space stations funded and developed by the military, known as Almaz stations, were roughly similar in size and shape to the civilian DOS stations.[6] But the details of their design, which is attributed to Vladimir Chelomey, are considered to be significantly different from the DOS stations.[6] The first Almaz station was Salyut 2, which launched in April 1973, but failed only days after reaching orbit, and hence it was never manned.[2]
Description [ edit ]
Salyut 3 consisted of an airlock chamber, a large-diameter work compartment, and a small diameter living compartment, giving a total habitable volume of 90 m³.[8] It had two solar arrays, one docking port, and two main engines, each of which could produce 400 kgf (3.9 kN) of thrust.[8] Its launch mass was 18,900 kg.[2]
The station came equipped with a shower, a standing sleeping station, as well as a foldaway bed.[2] The floor was covered with Velcro to assist the cosmonauts moving around the station. Some entertainment on the station included a magnetic chess set, a small library, and a cassette deck with some audio cassette tapes.[8] Exercise equipment included a treadmill and Pingvin exercise suit.[8] The first water-recycling facilities were tested on the station; the system was called Priboy.[8]
Earth-observation cameras [ edit ]
The work compartment was dominated by the Agat-1 Earth-observation telescope, which had a focal length of 6.375 metres and an optical resolution better than three metres, according to post-Soviet sources;[9] NASA historian Siddiqi has speculated that given the size of the telescope's mirror, it likely had a resolution better than one metre.[10] The telescope was used in conjunction with a wide-film camera, and was used primarily for military reconnaissance purposes.[11] The cosmonauts are said to have observed targets set out on the ground at Baikonur. Secondary objectives included study of water pollution, agricultural land, possible ore-bearing landforms, and oceanic ice formation.[8]
The cosmonauts were able to develop film while on the station. Important or interesting images were printed, and then scanned by a TV imaging system for broadcast to Earth.[8] They needed as little as 30 minutes to shoot, develop, and scan a photograph.[8] Less important images were packed into a small Earth-return capsule, which could be ejected from the station.[8]
In addition to the Agat-1 camera, other cameras on board included a topographical camera, a star camera, and a Volga infrared camera with a resolution of 100 metres.[1] Cosmonaut Pavel Popovich, who visited the station as the commander of Soyuz 14, recalled that the station was equipped with 14 cameras.[1]
On-board gun [ edit ]
The Salyut 3, although called a "civilian" station, was equipped with a "self-defence" gun which had been designed for use aboard the station, and whose design is attributed to Nudelman.[1] Some accounts claim the station was equipped with a Nudelman-Rikhter "Vulkan" gun, which was a variant of the 23 mm Nudelman aircraft cannon, or possibly a Nudelman NR-30 30 mm gun.[12] Later Russian sources indicate that the gun was the virtually unknown (in the West) Rikhter R-23.[13] These claims have reportedly been verified by Pavel Popovich, who had visited the station in orbit, as commander of Soyuz 14.[12] Due to potential shaking of the station, in-orbit tests of the weapon with cosmonauts in the station were ruled out.[1] The gun was fixed to the station in such a way that the only way to aim would have been to change the orientation of the entire station.[1][12] Following the last manned mission to the station, the gun was commanded by the ground to be fired; some sources say it was fired to depletion,[12] while other sources say three test firings took place during the Salyut 3 mission.[1]
Station operations [ edit ]
Only one manned spacecraft, Soyuz 14, docked with Salyut 3. One other spacecraft, Soyuz 15, came within 40 metres of the station,[1] but failed to dock due to a malfunctioning rendezvous system.[1]
Launch [ edit ]
The station was launched on 25 June 1974 by a three-stage Proton launch vehicle.[2]
Salyut 3 was the first space station to maintain its constant orientation relative to the Earth's surface.[1] To achieve that, as many as 500,000 firings of the attitude control thrusters had been performed.[1] Its initial orbit was 219 km by 270 km above mean sea level, which was considered low.[3] The suspicions of Western observers were raised by the low altitude, combined with the choice of crew from the Soviet Air Force, and the use of radio frequencies normally designated for military use.[3]
Soyuz 14 [ edit ]
On 4 July, a little over a week after Salyut 3 was launched, the manned spacecraft Soyuz 14 docked with the station, having been launched the previous day.[14] The crew of Soyuz 14 consisted of commander Pavel Popovich and flight engineer Yury Artyukhin. The crew spent 15 days aboard the station.
On 9 July, it was reported that the crew activated the Earth-observation cameras, and spent several days taking photos of various locations, including central Asia.[1] They placed some film in the Earth return capsule.[1] After undocking, Soyuz 14 safely landed on 19 July.[14]
Soyuz 15 [ edit ]
The spacecraft Soyuz 15 was launched on 26 August 1974, carrying a two-man crew consisting of commander Gennadi Sarafanov and flight engineer Lev Demin.[1] They were intended to be the second crew to man Salyut 3, but they failed to dock, after their Igla rendezvous system on their Soyuz spacecraft malfunctioned, and they were unable to manually dock.[15] Due to the limited battery life of their Soyuz spacecraft, they deorbited and landed two days after launch.[15] At the time of the spaceflight, Demin was 48 years old, earning him the record for the oldest person to fly in space up to that point.[16] This record was broken the following year, with Deke Slayton's spaceflight as a part of the Apollo–Soyuz Test Project.[16]
Unmanned operations [ edit ]
Following the failed docking of Soyuz 15, it was decided that the Igla docking system needed significant modifications.[16] Due to the amount of time needed to make the changes, and the limited time Salyut 3 had left in orbit due to orbital decay, the next planned mission to the station was cancelled.[16] The spacecraft which would have been used on the third mission to Salyut 3 was later used for the mission Soyuz 20 to Salyut 4 (a civilian space station).[16]
Following this decision, on 23 September 1974, the station's Earth return capsule was released. The ejected capsule was deorbited by small engines. NASA sources report that the parachute of Salyut 3's capsule opened at an altitude of 8.4 km.[8] Other sources say the main parachute did not open, and the capsule was deformed upon landing, but that all the film was recoverable.[17]
Also following the decision to not send any more cosmonauts to the station, the on-board gun was commanded by the ground to be fired; some sources say it was fired to depletion,[12] while other sources say three test firings took place at the end of the mission.[1]
The station was deorbited on 24 January 1975 over the Pacific Ocean.[1]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Sometime we need to copy files and directories from different Linux machines, Most time Linux admin used scp command to copy files directories. On backend SSH protocol is running to complete this task. But if we need to do so frequently, we have SSHfs which can mount remote file-system through SSH protocol. Below mentioned steps contains how we can install and configure this.
Installation of SSHFS
For Linux, you can use yum to install sshfs packages.
#yum install sshfs -y In my case, this installed three packages, output from /var/log/yum.log
Jul 18 11:16:01 Installed: fuse-2.8.3-4.el6.x86_64
Jul 18 11:16:01 Installed: fuse-libs-2.8.3-4.el6.x86_64
Jul 18 11:16:01 Installed: fuse-sshfs-2.4-1.el6.x86_64
For Ubuntu, you can use apt-get utility.
#apt-get install sshfs
After installation required packages, we can use them and mount remote file-system through SSH.
[root@local-srv11 ~]# mkdir /srv12-home
[root@local-srv11 ~]# sshfs 192.168.1.12:/home /srv12-home
root@192.168.1.12's password:
[root@local-srv11 ~]# df -hT
Filesystem Type Size Used Avail Use% Mounted on
/dev/mapper/vg_localsrv11-lv_root ext4 18G 7.4G 9.1G 45% /
tmpfs tmpfs 1.9G 0 1.9G 0% /dev/shm
/dev/sda1 ext4 485M 39M 421M 9% /boot
/dev/sdb1 ext2 9.9G 23M 9.4G 1% /vm_images
192.168.1.12:/home fuse.sshfs 37G 9.2G 26G 27% /srv12-home
In this we have provided password for user which have access for this directory that you are trying to mount. So from the server side from where we need to mount, we only need SSH connection and credentials for accessible user.
But this is also possible that we need not provide password every time, for this we have to save provide SSH keys which will automatic login without credentials.
For this we have created SSH keys, below method used to create SSH keys and mount through keys.
[root@local-srv11 ~]# ssh-keygen -t rsa -b 4096
Generating public/private rsa key pair.
Enter file in which to save the key (/root/.ssh/id_rsa):
Enter passphrase (empty for no passphrase):
Enter same passphrase again:
Your identification has been saved in /root/.ssh/id_rsa.
Your public key has been saved in /root/.ssh/id_rsa.pub.
The key fingerprint is:
58:9d:61:e5:9a:94:72:c5:6f:6c:9d:a6:1a:13:50:39 root@local-srv11
The key's randomart image is: <<<<truncate output>>>> [root@local-srv11 ~]# scp .ssh/id_rsa.pub 192.168.1.12:/root/.ssh/authorized_keys
root@192.168.1.12's password:
id_rsa.pub 100% 738 0.7KB/s 00:00 [root@local-srv11 ~]#root@192.168.1.12's password:id_rsa.pub 100% 738 0.7KB/s 00:00
We can use these SSH key and mount remote SSH directory. Below mentioned output show, how to do this…
[root@local-srv11 ~]# scp .ssh/id_rsa.pub 192.168.1.12:/root/.ssh/authorized_keys
root@192.168.1.12's password:
id_rsa.pub 100% 738 0.7KB/s 00:00
[root@local-srv11 ~]# sshfs 192.168.1.12:/home /srv12-home
[root@local-srv11 ~]# df -hT
Filesystem Type Size Used Avail Use% Mounted on
/dev/mapper/vg_localsrv11-lv_root ext4 18G 7.4G 9.1G 45% /
tmpfs tmpfs 1.9G 0 1.9G 0% /dev/shm
/dev/sda1 ext4 485M 39M 421M 9% /boot
/dev/sdb1 ext2 9.9G 23M 9.4G 1% /vm_images
192.168.1.12:/home fuse.sshfs 37G 9.2G 26G 27% /srv12-home
Pinterest 21 Tumblr 0 9 Google+ 0 Reddit 3 email
The traditional ground beef burger is loved by many, but the veggie burger is gaining popularity very quickly. Not only are they vegetarian, but when done right they can be absolutely delicious. The trick is finding a good substitute for the beef and a binder to keep the patties from falling apart. Toppings are very important as well; in this case I had some jalapeno jelly that I thought would go beautifully with these burgers. Camembert, pea sprouts and fresh homemade buns top things off.
Note: I don't recommend leaving the formed patties for more than an hour or so before cooking them, as more liquid will come out. All the patties can be fried and then refrigerated for leftovers.
Veggie Burgers with Jalapeno Jelly and Camembert Print Prep time 20 mins Cook time 20 mins Total time 40 mins Author: Costco Diva Recipe type: Main Serves: 6+ Ingredients ½ cup cashew nuts
2 cups black beans from a can, rinsed and drained
2 cups Portobello mushroom, chopped
½ cup onion, chopped
1 garlic clove, minced
½ cup carrot, shredded finely
3 eggs (Costco is now carrying Kirkland branded organic eggs by the two dozen at around $10, a fabulous price)
½ cup Kirkland Parmigiano Reggiano, shredded
⅔ cup gluten free bread crumbs (plus more if needed and use regular bread crumbs if you prefer)
½ cup gluten free bread crumbs for coating the patties (use regular bread crumbs if you prefer)
2 teaspoons steak spice mix (I used Sassy Steak Spice from Seattle's World Spice Market)
¼ teaspoon Kirkland sea salt
½ teaspoon fresh ground Kirkland Tellicherry pepper
1 tablespoon Kirkland extra virgin olive oil
Optional toppings: Camembert cheese (check Costco for good quality and less expensive Camembert), pea shoots, jalapeno jelly, lettuce
Fresh buns, either regular or gluten free Instructions In a food processor blend the cashew nuts and then add 1 cup of the black beans. Blend until a paste is formed. In a large bowl add the mushrooms, onion, garlic, carrot, remaining cup of beans and the bean paste. Mix thoroughly. In another bowl, lightly beat the eggs and add the Parmesan, bread crumbs and spices. Pour the egg mixture into the mushroom mix and use your hands to mix everything together. At this point we want to try to form the mix into veggie patties, if it is too wet add a bit more bread crumbs. Place the remaining ½ cup bread crumbs into a plate, form the mushroom mix into veggie patties (about 10 or so) and dab them into the bread crumbs. In a large fry pan over medium heat, warm 2 teaspoons of the olive oil and then add 5 veggie patties and fry for 4-5 minutes on each side or until golden brown. Repeat with the other 4 veggie patties. 3.2.2802
In an alternate universe, Justin Trudeau wasn't standing before the cameras on Tuesday, trying again to explain why he had walked away from a campaign commitment to pursue electoral reform.
Because during June 2015 in that alternate universe, Trudeau had stood before the cameras and vowed that a Liberal government would implement a ranked ballot for electing MPs.
Alas, in reality, Trudeau made an open-ended commitment to reform and vowed it would be in place for 2019. A committee was struck to study the issue, dozens of town hall forums were convened, an online survey was conducted and postcards were mailed to millions of households inviting Canadians to participate.
Only then did Trudeau's government walk away. But only then did Trudeau publicly confront the actual possibilities for reform.
And, as it turns out, his preference for a ranked ballot and his opposition to proportional representation, first stated in 2012, were left standing.
Trudeau's choice
Tuesday was not the first time Trudeau had tried to account for that decision — there was an eight-minute explanation in Yellowknife in February and some pointed comments about Kellie Leitch in Iqaluit.
And his comments this time, as on those previous occasions, were directly stated.
"Unfortunately, it became very clear that we had a preference to give people a ranked ballot, so they could actually reduce the aspect of strategic voting and put their second choice and third choice down on the ballot, and therefore have every MP be at least the choice of 50 per cent of their riding," the prime minister said on Tuesday.
"We thought that was the right, concrete way forward. Nobody else agreed."
Indeed. Advocates of proportional representation oppose a ranked ballot because it does not inherently result in a party receiving an allotment of seats in the legislature that is proportional to its share of the popular vote.
Perhaps even more crucially, it is believed that a ranked ballot could benefit the Liberal Party, as a conceivably second-choice for NDP and Conservative votes — the NDP-aligned Broadbent Institute effectively poisoned the chalice in December 2015 when it released an analysis suggesting the Liberals would have won 217 seats had that year's election been conducted under a ranked ballot.
"The NDP were anchored in proportional representation as being the only way forward, and I have been consistent and crystal clear from the beginning of my political career — you can look at the speeches I made here in Ottawa at the convention in 2012 or debates I had onstage, particularly in Halifax during the Liberal leadership — where I think proportional representation would be bad for our country," Trudeau said.
"I think it would weaken one of the great things about Canada, which is that we come together in our diversity to work together on big things. And I think creating fragmentation amongst political parties, as opposed to having larger political parties that include Canada's diversity within them, would weaken our country."
These are not unreasonable concerns. And Trudeau does have a record, through 2012 and 2013, of espousing the benefits of a ranked ballot and questioning the ramifications of proportional representation.
"The problem with proportional representation is every different model of proportional representation actually increases partisanship, not reduces it," he said in 2013. "What we need is a preferential ballot that causes politicians to have to reach out to be the second choice and even the third choice of different political parties.
Trudeau spoke during a town hall in Yellowknife today 1:12
"We need people who represent broader voices, not narrower interests. And I understand people want proportional representation, but too many people don't understand the polarization and the micro issues that come through proportional representation."
Trudeau wavers
Things might have started to go sideways in 2014, when the Liberal Party adopted a resolution that called for a study of reform, with both a ranked ballot and proportional presentation as options. That same year, Liberal MPs split over a vote in the House of Commons on one form of proportional representation.
When it came time for Trudeau to promise change in June 2015, both a ranked ballot and proportional representation were explicitly mentioned as options.
As of December 2015, Trudeau felt it was important that he not impose his personal view on the debate.
In June 2016, he said he had moved "toward a greater degree of openness towards what Canadians actually want."
And, after abandoning the promise of reform, Trudeau is said to have been "open to having his mind changed."
But, in the end, Trudeau of 2017 sounds a lot like the Justin Trudeau of 2013.
What was missing was Trudeau's opinion
After Trudeau expressed his opinion on Tuesday, there was outrage.
"I thought this prime minister wasn't about top-down dictatorship," fumed Green Leader Elizabeth May. "On other issues, the prime minister defers to his cabinet members, but it's clear that on electoral reform, this was his personal preference without regard for the evidence."
That evidence might be debated. But, in hindsight, Trudeau's opinion is what was missing.
Maybe he was open to being convinced. Probably he should have said something, regardless.
In December 2015, his opinion might have framed an actual debate about electoral reform, instead of the meandering, shapeless discussion that ensued.
In June 2015, his opinion might have framed a campaign promise that otherwise seemed perfectly wide open.
The cynic — or proportional representation advocate — might wonder whether the promise was always less than it seemed, whether it was conjured up to pull support away from the NDP.
Though it is difficult to imagine an election turning on electoral reform — be it in 2015 or 2019 — it's at least true that, going forward, electoral reform will loom as evidence of failure and disappointment.
At best, it was an odd adventure.
Ultimately, Trudeau probably would have been better off sticking with his first instinct about electoral reform.
Every January, the US national team convenes its first camp of the year. Dubbed “Camp Cupcake” by some, its purpose is to look at young players who might break through into a bigger role with the team, give a look to a veteran who has improved his league play or provide a home to a key contributor who's rehabbing an injury and trying to round into game shape.
In the most recent version of Camp Cupcake, one of the young players who excited the most interest among fans of the US team was Houston Dynamo defender Geoff Cameron. He'd come into the league as an unknown in 2008, played virtually every position save goalkeeper, and eventually settled in as MLS' most outstanding central defender of 2009.
Cameron is big, athletic, daring, and comfortable on the ball. In that sense, he's an atypical MLS defender, but was considered by many US fans to be “exactly what we need!” He'd be used to ignite attacks out of the Yanks' own end while securing the back line himself.
Cameron, of course, got hurt during the camp. And even before then, Bob Bradley had caused some amount of confusion and hand-wringing among the hard-core US fans when reports surfaced that, no, Cameron wasn't being used as a central defender. He'd been used as a central midfielder.
Ten months later, in the script labeled “MLS in 2010,” Bradley's decision to use Cameron in the midfield stares back at us like Chekhov's gun. Nobody really thought much of it at the time, but now it stands out as an early reveal of how the plot was ultimately to play out.
As it turns out, 2010 was the lowest-scoring season in MLS history. Real Salt Lake had the best defense in league history, conceding just 20 goals, while D.C. United had the worst offense.
The LA Galaxy, newly minted winners of the Supporters' Shield, had the third best defense in the history of the league. FC Dallas tied for fourth-best ever, and the New York Red Bulls are in a tie for sixth-best. For the first time in MLS history, no team scored 50 goals.
It's no secret that MLS is a fast, physical, sometimes-brutal league. And as managers have tried to adapt over the past decade, one of the consequences is that players like Cameron have been moved higher up the pitch in order to destroy the attack of their opponents.
“Attack out of the back” has been sacrificed for “Destroy from the front.”
Shalrie Joseph is, by any measure, one of the three best players of the decade. He began his career as a pure defensive midfielder and occasional fill-in on the backline of Steve Nicol's great New England Revolution teams.
Today, he's used in an attacking role, the more advanced of two central midfielders in Nicol's 4-4-2. He's still destructive on the defensive side of the ball; now he's just doing it higher up the pitch. Joseph's transformation presaged that of Cameron's.
One of the more celebrated signings in league history, Rafa Márquez spent the best years of his club career playing as a central defender for Barcelona. Upon his arrival with the New York Red Bulls, he's been used strictly as a midfielder. Daniel Hernandez, once a defender for the MetroStars, transformed FC Dallas with his midfield play in 2010.
As the league acquires more and more attacking talent – be it through the draft, the Homegrown player rule or foreign acquisitions – it's become a tactical imperative to push bigger, faster, more destructive players into the midfield in order to keep the opposition under wraps. The defensive schemes of most MLS teams are sort of a bizarro-version of the Dutch “Total Football” of the 1970s.
Everyone defends. Everywhere on the pitch. 90 minutes.
Contributing to the mind set is the current boom of defensive-minded players in the US. The last two MLS Rookie of the Year winners have been defenders, and New York's Tim Ream could make it three on the trot.
You have to go all the way back to 2004, when Clint Dempsey won, to find an attacker on the list. Dempsey was the fourth attacker in a row to win the award. None of the four on that list is in MLS any longer.
This whole cycle of defensive dominance is driven by a pressure to win that's greater than it has been at any other time in MLS. One of the early and legitimate complaints about the league was that the proportion of teams that made the playoffs was too high. With as many as 75 percent of teams in the league making the postseason, regular-season games were devalued, and the result was too often two teams full of guys giving something less than their all.
[inline_node:315969]Not anymore. With only half the teams qualifying for the playoffs, each and every game is significant. And when that is the case, coaches almost unanimously stress defense first, last and always. There are no more freebies on the schedule because nobody wants to suffer the ignominy of being eliminated from playoff contention with three months left in the season.
The bright side – if you like goals and wide-open play, anyway – is that most teams regularly play against their Development Academy teams. And not coincidentally, the first crop of talent from league academies are almost all attackers, guys who had to learn how to create offense against bigger, faster, professional players.
Andy Najar and Tristan Bowen had solid seasons for D.C. United and LA, respectively. Juan Agudelo impressed in his brief time with New York. And FC Dallas have a seemingly endless supply of forwards and attacking midfielders coming through their academy.
So the pendulum is bound to swing back in the other direction eventually. Probably not in 2011 – the league's four best teams this year had the league's four best defenses, after all – but maybe not too long after.
Matthew Doyle can be reached for comment at matdoyle76@gmail.com and followed at twitter.com/mls_analyst.
Ready to Launch: MLS Matchday 2010, The new official MLS iPhone app. It's FREE! Download it here!
Passing frenzy
Seventeen teams held opposing passers to an average rating of 85.0 or lower last year. Just nine are meeting that mark so far this year. On the other end, just two teams allowed an average passer rating over 99.0 last year. Eight teams, including the Seahawks, are above that mark so far this season.
Quarterbacks are dramatically more efficient this year.
Breaking down passer rating
Passer rating is based off of completion percentage, interception percentage, touchdown percentage and yards per attempt. Taking a look at a few of the components tells an interesting story.
Seahawks fans are intimately aware of just how far the team's pass defense has fallen. It was in the conversation for best secondaries of all-time, and combined with a fierce pass rush to neutralize even the elite quarterbacks in the NFL. No longer. They are allowing a staggering 103.7 opponent passer rating after leading the NFL by holding quarterbacks to a 65.4 rating a year ago. Seattle, though, is not alone. Passer ratings are up across the league.
Quarterbacks are completing passes at a far higher rate than in previous seasons.
They are being intercepted at a far lower rate. The two of these numbers combined raise the question of what is leading to this increased efficiency with less risk. Some have posited that the league has moved to a quicker, shorter passing game to nullify pass rush. If that is the case, one would expect the yards per attempt to drop across the league.
As you can see in the chart above, yards per attempt has actually gone up.
The real culprit
Sack percentage is down across the league as well. It is not shown here because it is not factored into passer rating. It does impact completion rates and interception rates. Pass rush requires help from the secondary to cover receivers long enough to allow the rushers to reach the quarterback. Teams have always known this and have built passing attacks to reduce the time it takes to get rid of the ball. It is highly unlikely that teams across the league, in unison, figured out how to defeat the pass rush. It is also unlikely that teams, in unison, changed their offenses to be more efficient.
There is one thing that did change league-wide that directly impacts the passing game, and that is the points of emphasis around illegal contact and pass interference. It is having the intended effect of neutralizing aggressive pass secondaries and making life easier for quarterbacks.
As a fan, it feels like a move more toward video game football and less about the gritty game many of us love. It has been mostly a silent change since the season started. Teams got the message in preseason, so it is not always showing up in penalties. It is showing up in how the game is played.
Among the many new features in OS X El Capitan, it seems Apple has silently integrated another one: 10 bit color for the 4K & 5K iMac. Very interesting news for colorists, photographers, and editors.
German online magazine Mac & I recently published an article that captured our attention. They revealed that OS X El Capitan has for the first time integrated 10-bit drivers for their Apple IMac screens.
Professionals know that 10-bit screen color is the desired color depth for serious color correction. When you work in 8-bit you often see banding artefacts and lose detail on soft gradients which makes editing harder and less accurate.
This is not to be confused with the bit depth of your source files. We all know that working with video DSLRs or other heavily compressed video footage that is limited to 8-bit color depth gives you fewer options during grading and 10 bites, 12 bites or even 16-bit color photos and videos are better. On the screen side 10 bites is the desired depth to let you view the end result without gradation steps.
The screen bit depth is also related to the internal processing in whichever software and hardware you're using. Unfortunately most display monitors are limited to 8-bit color and on top OS X has been limited to that bit depth in the past. Which means although you might be editing in 10 bites, and the monitor might even support 10-bit processing, you are only seeing 8 bit. Windows on the other hand has done 10-bit since 2009 (Windows 7).
Apple has changed this within El Capitan. According to Mac & I, Apple has confirmed that the new 5K and 4K iMac (along with the 2014 iMac 5K) support a 10-bit graphics driver which has been enabled with the release of El Capitan.
A few things to note:
First, apparently it only works on the 4K & 5K iMac 2015 & 5K iMac 2014 right now.
[UPDATE]: A cinema5D reader reported that he got 10 bites on a Mac Pro with D500 graphics and an Eizo CS230 monitor.
Also, currently it only works within the Preview and Photos applications. If you want to test it out, you could take a 12-bit RAW photo with soft color gradations and take a look. But it's also important to note that, for now, no other apps, such as Adobe or other editing software, take advantage of this processing, yet. This is just a preview of what's to come.
For those who have been waiting for this feature for a long time, it's important news. And something to keep an eye on to see how long it will be until other software companies start utilizing the feature.
via Mac & I
Canadian based Newport Sports Management, Inc. has taken advantage of the countries infatuation with hockey to build the most valuable NHL sports agency in the world. With an estimated $1.25 billion dollars worth of contracts under management, spanning 336 years and bringing in $48.2 million dollars in commissions, Newport has proven that specializing in one sport can be extremely lucrative.
Led by veteran agents Don Meehan and Pat Morris, Newport's hockey practice has helped the agency land at #6 on Forbes' list of overall most valuable sports agencies in the world. Newport represents a deep and talented roster of clients including: Minnesota Wild wing Zach Parise, New York Rangers goalie Henrik Lundqvist, as well as defencemen Drew Doughty of the Los Angeles Kings , Erik Karlsson of the Ottawa Senators, Henrik Tallinder of the Buffalo Sabres and Dion Paneuf of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Sports agency juggernaut Creative Artist Agency (CAA) comes in second with a hockey division that negotiated approximately $900 million in current contracts worth an estimated $36 million in commissions. Anchored by the leadership of agent Pat Brisson, CAA's clients include: defencemen Tyler Myers of the Sabres and Niklas Kronwall of the Detroit Red Wings, New York Islanders center John Tavares, Boston Bruins forward Louis Eriksson, and Winnipeg Jets wing Andrew Ladd.
At #3 is industry veteran and multi-sport agency Octagon. With some $842 million in contracts under management, Octagon's hockey division is by far the agency's most valuable. Octagon has negotiated some 256 years worth of contracts for clients such as: defencemen Paul Martin of the Pittsburgh Penguins, Keith Ballard of the Wild, Dustin Byfuglien of the Jets, Brian Campbell of the Florida Panthers, and Bruins centre Marc Savard.
Following the top 3, there is a steep drop off in the total value of agencies focusing solely on the representation of hockey players. Among the middle of the pack include The Orr Hockey Group, led by legendary Boston Bruin Bobby Orr as well as Alberta, Canada based The Sports Corporation. The decline in value is probably caused by the tendency for all-star players in the league to be locked into long-term deals, and those players signing with the larger, more experienced agencies. That being said, it also offers arguably the softest barrier to entry competition wise for an agency looking to expand into another sports representation vertical.
Methodology:
The valuations in these rankings were compiled through extensive research into the client rosters and contracts negotiated by each agency. The total contract value under management was then multiplied by the maximum NHLPA agent commission (4%). Thus, agencies are ranked in order of the maximum commissions obtainable from the negotiated contracts, instead of the total value of the contracts.
While agencies also earn income from negotiating marketing and endorsement contracts for their clients, the overall value derived from any such deals is negligible for the average player. While no concrete data exists, Forbes estimates that average professional athlete may make an additional 1-2% of their overall player contract in endorsement earnings, and their agent(s) earn just 20-25% of that.
Jason Belzer is Founder of GAME, Inc. and CSA, and a Professor of Organizational Behavior and Sports Law at Rutgers University. Follow him on Twitter @JasonBelzer
The Perfect Pot Roast Recipe with instructions to make it in the oven or slow cooker! Seasoned just right and served with homemade gravy and tender carrots, onions and potatoes, this will be your new go-to recipe!
When I think of a list of ultimate Sunday dinner ideas, pot roast is high on the list. It's the dinner my mom used to make so often for Sunday family dinners. She'd start the pot roast in the crock pot before we left for church in the morning and by the time we got home, the house smelled UH-MAZING. Today I thought I'd share the Perfect Pot Roast recipe with you. While I made this in the oven, I will also include instructions for those of you wanting to make it in the slow cooker. It is seasoned just right and served with homemade gravy and tender carrots, onions and potatoes. It's the perfect Sunday dinner!
The key to an exceptionally amazing pot roast is to brown it really well. Browning the meat really helps to seal in all of that delicious beefy flavor! While this does take a little bit of extra time, let me assure that it is so very worth it. Also worth the time and effort is browning the onions. It'll add tremendous flavor to EVERYTHING!
I know some of you love to use your slow cooker to make pot roast, so included are instructions to make it in the oven, or in your slow cooker. Both cooking methods turn out phenomenal, so just choose the option that works best for you.
I'd like to give a big shout out to How to Geek who shared this recipe with me! Not only is he exceptionally knowledgeable in all things geeky, he also knows how to make a mean pot roast. If you are ready to rip your hair out because you can't figure out why your computer is doing something, or you want to figure out how to backup your iPhone or iPad, How to Geek is going to have the answer you're looking for!
Now…. please excuse my bossiness… go make this pot roast and enjoy!.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Hakainde Hichilema - the man in the red fleece
Zambian opposition leader Hakainde Hichilema has been in police custody for over a month, facing treason charges after a row over the presidential motorcade. The BBC's Karen Allen asks whether Zambia's reputation as a bastion of democracy is under threat.
The man in the red fleece has been shuttling between prison and court for over a month in a country which rarely makes international headlines.
But Hakainde Hichilema, leader of Zambia's United Party for National Development (UPND) has now become famous as the man facing treason charges for what appears to be a minor traffic offence.
Critics fear it does not bode well for a country considered one of the most stable in Africa.
Mr Hichilema's convoy failed to give way to the president's motorcade as it headed to a function last month. Both the president and the opposition leader had been invited to the traditional ceremony in the country's Western Province.
The scene captured on video shows two parallel convoys, driving at speed, jostling for space. This act allegedly endangered the life of the president and so treason charges followed.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption How road rage led to treason charge in Zambia
To many it appears the courts are being used to keep Mr Hichilema away from the political scene. But for how long?
He has lost five presidential races. The last one, back in August 2016, was marred by violence in the run-up to voting day.
President Edgar Lungu's victory received international endorsement so a bruised Mr Hichilema sought relief in the courts.
However his challenge in the Constitutional Court appears to have been blocked. It is now the subject of a separate High Court action.
One Member of Parliament, afraid of giving their name, believes a complicated legal row over how many times President Lungu can stand for office, is what is really behind this.
"He knows he might be challenged in the 2021 election so he is consolidating his position now," the MP told the BBC.
Ironically, the treason charge may have boosted the opposition leader's public profile.
Image copyright AFP Image caption President Lungu (c) narrowly defeated Hakainde Hichilema in last year's election
Yet this is Zambia and what some feel is the abuse of the law is giving cause for concern.
Since the death of Presidents Levy Mwanawasa (2008) and Michael Sata (2014), Zambia has been through three presidential elections within the space of five years "so that has created a climate of uncertainty" explains Geoffrey Sakulanda, president of Zambia's Chamber of Commerce.
Now a protracted election dispute poses a grave distraction, just when Zambia is trying to get back onto an even footing after mounting public debt.
A diplomatically worded tweet from the British High Commissioner Fergus Cochrane-Dyet recently warned that investors were becoming "unnerved" by the on-going treason case. This was diplomatic-speak for calling on the leadership to get a grip.
Image copyright Twitter
An IMF loan is in the pipeline to help get the economy back on track but lenders will want proof that Zambia's leadership is committed to democracy.
Given that the results of last year's closely fought election are being battled out in the courts and not on the streets is a sign of hope for Zambia's vibrant democracy.
After all, "the judiciary have proved in recent times that they are able to make independent decisions," says David Bweupe, news editor at local radio station Q FM.
But threats by President Lungu to impose a state of emergency - not yet realized - have brought back dark echoes of the past.
Who is Hakainde Hichilema?
Image copyright AFP
The 54-year-old economist has contested nearly all elections in Zambia since 2006
A wealthy businessman, he has a solid track record in the private sector
Support base: Home region of Southern Province and is popular with younger voters
Known for being Zambia's second largest cattle rancher
Commonly referred to by his initials HH, he is married with three children
"We had it during Kenneth Kaunda's presidency, during the switch to multi-party politics but most Zambians are too young to understand what that would mean," Mr Bweupe says.
The church is also speaking out. In a strongly worded statement from the Conference of Catholic Bishops, it warned that Zambia was slipping towards a "dictatorship".
Amos Chanda, President Lungu's spokesman, has defended the court action, which he says must be left to run its course.
He insists the door is open for future talks with the UPND but Mr Hichilema's party must respect the president's authority first.
"They have accepted all the official benefits that go with the opposition in parliament but have not accepted who the president is."
In spite of this political nervousness, Zambia is still very much "open for business" insists Mark O' Donnell, a Zambia-born British businessman, who runs a company producing steel fixtures for the construction industry.
The country has "weathered the storm during neighbouring liberation struggles in the past," he says.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Zambia is still open for business
And if anything, investors are still knocking on the door because of the ease of doing business here - it is not Zimbabwe.
But that confidence has not trickled through to some stallholders at Soweto market, the largest of its kind in Zambia, where you can buy everything from fresh bread to fried caterpillar - a local delicacy.
Customers are staying away. One woman spoke of clashes every time the police come "hunting for opposition" figures here.
Another claimed she was "beaten up in front of her children and her stall trashed" when she complained about pro-government "thugs" extorting levies or "bribes".
Zambia may not yet have fallen from grace but it is clearly on notice as the court case marches on.
Yet "something tells me things are not right" warns Geoffrey Sakulunda.
It's tear downtime again! Today we're taking apart a Boundless CFV convection vaporizer to get a closer look at the internal hardware and figure out how it produces such tasty clouds. Time to break this bad boy open!
Here we have the CFV by Boundless in its full unbroken glory, looking peaceful and majestic in its last moments of life.
The CFV's top piece is fully modular and separates into sections for easy cleaning. The mouthpiece and screen sections can be easily removed without damaging the vaporizer. The screen holder and screen are made from stainless steel and held in place with a silicone retaining ring.
Inside the CFV's heating chamber you find the switchable chamber ring (this one is wooden), the chamber ring holder, a silicone retainer ring and a stainless steel screen.
On the left you can see the loading chamber without any insert in place and on the right you can see the airflow intake. The CFV features 5 diffused heating jets, resulting in more even extraction and more efficient use of heated air compared to an open flow.
Here's where the real breakdown begins; do not follow along at this point if you value your warranty. The mouthpiece and chamber ring are designed to be easily removed but none of the other parts are meant to be user-serviceable. The first piece we removed for disassembly is the bottom cover, allowing access to the chassis screws.
After we removed the chassis screws and bottom plate we were able to remove the protective outer shell from the internals.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is what you've been waiting to see: a naked CFV! Here you can see the convection heater along with the circuit board, digital display and wiring. High-temperature thermal tape ensures the wiring stays tightly in place.
Here we unsheathe the battery pack from its containing section, revealing two 18350 Li-ion batteries in series. Each of these 18350s is rated for 10A output and features a 6.3wh (watt hour) charge capacity. Most vapes use 18650 batteries that are physically larger than 18350s yet offer the same voltage rating. Dual 18350s in series allows higher voltage and wattage output – more wattage to the heater results in a faster heatup time and no waiting between draws.
This is where the breakdown gets serious – we had to cut the wiring between the circuit board, heater, and batteries to further disassemble the Boundless CFV.
A closer look at the circuit board and OLED digital display. The electrical transfer wires are a nice thick gauge to hold up to heavy usage. You can also see the padded button actuators on the PCB above and below the OLED screen.
The CFV's heating element is beastly; one of the biggest we've seen in a pocket portable. The dual 18350 batteries make perfect sense as it takes a lot of juice to power a heater like this one, especially in 30 seconds. The stainless steel tube connects to the airflow intake at the bottom of the unit. It's worth noting that the entire airpath is fully isolated from all electronics from top to bottom.
Here's where the CFV's magic happens! By snipping the heater's connecting wires we were able to remove the outer heater cover and expose the internal heating core and spiral air transfer piece. The heating cover and core apply heat to the spiral air path from all angles. As you inhale, air is forced to travel up the heated spiral path and reach proper vaporization temperature before passing through the loading chamber. This clever heat transfer design ensures your material is only heated during draws for 100% pure convection.
Fully disassembling the Boundless CFV required breaking it beyond repair – do not try this yourself. The CFV has a great warranty but it does not cover disassembly; we took ours apart so you wouldn't need to.
Written by Patrick Howell O'Neill
Add one more layer of questions to a criminal case already plagued with murkiness and corruption.
Over a year after two crooked federal agents were put behind bars on charges of extortion and fraud carried out during the Silk Road investigation, the defense team is now alleging in court that it has uncovered new and previously “undisclosed corruption by one or more law enforcement personnel” which resulted in evidence tampering on a database that played a critical role in the criminal trial and conviction of alleged Silk Road kingpin Ross Ulbricht.
The theory that there were other corrupt cops involved in the Silk Road investigation is not new, although only two officers have been charged so far. What's new is that the Ulbricht defense team is now making it a central part of its case.
Forensic examination establishes that the database for the Silk Road forum was tampered with, the defense is arguing, “in order to delete certain communications and information related to a person with the username notwonderful,” defense attorney Lindsay Lewis told CyberScoop on Tuesday.
“We know that things have been deleted because we have versions, another copy that has these conversations that are no longer in the Silk Road database,” Lewis said. “We are of the impression that someone tampered with that in order to get rid of these particular conversations.”
The tampering deleted communications between the username notwonderful and the leader of Silk Road, username Dread Pirate Roberts, Lewis said.
Notwonderful, who the defense team says also controlled the username albertpacino, was paid $500 per week by the owner of Silk Road in order to leak insider police information to the Silk Road mastermind, according to evidence from the criminal trial.
The deleted communications, a portion of which were saved in separate files on Ulbricht's computer as “le_counter_intel.txt” (meaning “law enforcement counter-intelligence”), show a law enforcement insider feeding Dread Pirate Roberts (DPR) sensitive information on the police investigation into Silk Road. In exchange, the insider is paid a handsome retainer and weekly salary for leaking the valuable information.
Founded in early 2011 and shuttered by police in late 2013, Silk Road was the grandfather of dark net black markets. It ran on the Tor anonymizing network and did a million of dollars' worth of business, attracting a curious global spotlight before FBI agents arrested Ulbricht in a San Francisco public library while he oversaw the website's day-to-day operations.
At the center of the defense team's theory is that although Ulbricht admittedly created Silk Road in 2011, the Dread Pirate Roberts identity was passed around among multiple individuals. With paid police insiders keeping DPR steps ahead of the investigation, DPR was able to give the site back to Ulbricht to set him up as the fall guy for a headline-grabbing arrest.
The insider info obtained from notwonderful but later deleted from copies of the forum “gave [DPR] plenty of time to plan his exit and frame Ross,” Lewis said.
With another set of murder-for-hire charges against Ulbricht still looming, his lawyers are using the new accusations of evidence tampering to demand all relevant discovery information from prosecutors relating to the previously convicted corrupt police officers; all relevant communication between the numerous law enforcement offices involved in the investigation; and all available evidence related to the altered databases.
Both the prosecution and judge said they used Ulbricht's double life sentence to “send a clear message.” In the year following Ulbricht's arrest, however, the dark net drug market inventory grew by 37 percent.
Because of a protective order on the case, the Ulbricht lawyers say, it's not yet clear if and when the defense's new court submissions will be made publicly available. They are being filed Tuesday.
The question of corrupt law enforcement agents and a shadow DPR was repeatedly muted by the judge during Ulbricht's trial.
By the time the trial began, prosecutors knew of at least two police officers who stole money and committed several crimes during the investigation while the defense knew of one, DEA agent Carl Force, who engaged in extortion, conflict of interest, theft of government property and the theft of at least $500,000 in bitcoins during the investigation. They would later find out about Secret Service special agent Shaun Bridges, whose scheme netted him at least $800,000 in stolen bitcoins before he was caught.
Federal prosecutors initially accused Force of being albertpacino. But in later court filings, the association is notably dropped.
Even the name notwonderful is laced with meaning. The username “Mr. Wonderful” was used by a federal agent operating on Silk Road. Notwonderful and albertpacino told Ulbricht exactly that, a fact that was confirmed in court.
“Even that in and of itself we believe shows a level of internal knowledge that, given who the profile of Mr. Wonderful, conveys a certain understanding of certain inner workings of what the government was doing during the investigation,” Lewis said.
“The Mr. Wonderful operation is still in progress and revolves around bribing or threatening your team into providing access to a staff account,” notwonderful told DPR in private messages. “The benefit would be to not only get closer to you, but to be in a position of trust in the community which could potentially net high volume vendors. A few of your staff have absolutely been in touch with Mr.W and most likely have carried on correspondence with them off-site. Mr.W is being actively maintained by DEA.”
Despite a tangled web of corruption that has Hollywood hearts aflutter, the defense was expressly disallowed to bring up any talk of corrupt agents during the trial. Lead defense attorney Joshua Dratel tried to convince jurors that the internet-based evidence was unreliable but, because the judge forbade it, he was unable to explain that multiple agents with access to the evidence had engaged in a grab bag of felonies for their own enrichment.
The new demand for discovery is an effort to “round out the investigation we weren't allowed to conduct.”
“We don't believe this to be Force or Bridges,” Lewis explained. “We think this is an additional individual. Just based on the practices and the amounts of money this person is asking for, how they go about things, we think it's likely to be someone else.”
The Ulbricht family has argued for years that the government unfairly “suppressed evidence” during the trial.
‘We've always said that what we saw was we didn't know how far-reaching it all went,” Lewis said. “We didn't know what the government knew and didn't know, we don't know if the government knows or doesn't know about this, but we never took at face value what we had. By the time we went to trial we had Force but we didn't even have Bridges. We didn't even know about Bridges until after the trial was over, so it's always been in our mind that there may be other evidence, other corruption, other corrupt agents out there. We think we have concrete evidence of that here.”
The agency wants to know whether its social-media campaigns are falling flat. | AP Photos FDA spends to monitor social media
The FDA is asking a company led by a former Obama campaign hand to analyze its Twitter and Facebook presence, and some critics are questioning the wisdom of the potential $180,000 tab at a time when agencies are living with sequester cuts.
The agency, which oversees food and drug safety, as well as tobacco regulation, wants to know whether its social media campaigns are well-received or falling flat.
Story Continued Below
The competitively bid contract, posted publicly Wednesday, was awarded to IB5k, a company co-founded in 2009 by Dan Beckmann, a new-media aide to President Barack Obama's first campaign for the White House. The first year of the contract is worth an estimated $43,000, with options to extend the deal up to four more years bringing the total potential value to $182,000.
Under the terms of the deal, IB5k is charged with providing a software tool capable of analyzing the FDA's “engagement, sentiment, likes, follows, and mentions” on various social media platforms.
The FDA is also seeking to “monitor overall conversations to see what the public is discussing about our work, answer questions for them, and develop consumer content for FDA.gov and our social media channels.”
“Every day, as part of FDA's mission to protect and promote the public health, the agency issues a high volume of often-complex information that is critical to the health of Americans,” Assistant Commissioner Steven Immergut said.
“We know that many people use social media to get their health information, and we must make sure this information is well understood,” he continued. “This contract is about promoting public health and making sure that we are reaching consumers with the information they need. It will help FDA more effectively communicate to the public and fulfill our core mission.”
But to critics on Capitol Hill, even a well-intentioned attempt to bolster the FDA's public face is tin-eared in a time of fiscal austerity and sequester cuts.
“It's outrageous for the FDA to spend nearly $200,000 to promote itself on social media when it is claiming sequestration may hurt its ability to approve life-saving drugs and medical devices,” Sen. Tom Coburn (R-Okla.) said in a statement to POLITICO. “Lives are more important than ‘likes.' FDA should cancel this contract immediately and refocus itself on its core mission. The fact that FDA is even contemplating such contracts suggests the agency has plenty of room to tighten its belt.”
Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), who chairs the Senate Budget Committee, also ripped the contract.
“On its face, it cannot be contended this is a necessary contract—especially at a time when federal workers and agencies are facing real cuts. Worse, it seems to raise privacy concerns and to have a political purpose rather than furthering the core goals of the FDA,” he said.
Asked about the criticism of the cost, Immergut emphasized that only $43,000 of the contract is guaranteed. The rest is “subject to a number of factors including budget and need.” The agency began seeking bids for the contract last month.
Beckmann, the software company co-founder, says that social media analysis could actually be a cost- and time-saver. It can prevent agency staff from having to sift through thousands of interactions to figure out what's working and what isn't, he said. He emphasized that he isn't sure how the FDA intends to use the social media tool, known as Corellate.
Beckmann said his campaign connection with Obama hasn't meant it's been favored for administration contracts — and in fact, the company's done some of it's high-profile work for House leadership. IB5k has helped GOP leaders monitor incoming email and messages from constituents.
“We don't have a reputation for being an Obama company, in that respect,” he said.
Houston mayor Annise Parker
The city subpoenas private communications in a brazen fishing expedition.
‘Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's.” Unless you're in Houston, Texas, in which case you had best render everything to Mayor Annise Parker — or else.
Earlier this year Parker, a Democrat, spearheaded the passage of an “Equal Rights Ordinance” (ERO) that added “sexual orientation” and “gender identity” to the city's non-discrimination provision, which includes, among other things, “public accommodations” — for example, restrooms. Citizens, among them church leaders, balked. They launched a referendum petition that, with the requisite 17,269 signatures, would require the city council to repeal the ERO, or to put the measure up for a vote. They obtained 55,000 signatures. The city secretary, who has sole responsibility for certifying such petitions, signed off.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Enter Houston city attorney David Feldman, who, with no legal authority, disqualified 38,000 signatures. Names that were printed, rather than written in cursive, were discarded; names that were written in cursive were considered illegible — just enough names to get the petition below the 17,000-signature requirement, at which point the city council and Mayor Parker rejected it. And several citizens sued.
But the city's shenanigans had only just begun. Unsatisfied with violating the rights of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit, the City of Houston has subpoenaed privileged communications of five pastors (none of them party to the lawsuit) who helped to organize the petition drive. Among other information, the city is requesting communications between the pastors and their attorneys pertaining to the ERO lawsuit, communications between the pastors and their congregants, and even the pastors' sermons.
Advertisement
To understand the full extent of the city's overreach, it is worth quoting the actual subpoena: The request for sermons, for example, seeks “all speeches, presentations, or sermons related to H[ouston] ERO, the Petition, Mayor Annise Parker, homosexuality, or gender identity prepared by, delivered by, revised by, or approved by you or in your possession.” “Or in your possession” — suddenly a Billy Graham sermon is the legal equivalent of child pornography.
Advertisement
The inclusion of material that refers to Annise Parker makes clear just what is afoot: “political retribution,” says Erik Stanley, senior legal counsel with Alliance Defending Freedom, which is representing the five pastors. ADF has filed a motion to quash the subpoenas, and is now awaiting the city's response.
What is the city hoping to accomplish with the subpoenas? Even Stanley cannot figure it out, because any information that is likely to turn up would be irrelevant to the pertinent legal matter — which is that the mayor expressly violated the city charter by refusing to heed a certified referendum petition. It seems clear, says Stanley, that “the City of Houston is pulling out all the stops to make sure this issue never gets in front of the voters.”
Advertisement
Because if it did, and Houstonians voted it down, the blow to Parker would be significant. She has made the ERO the centerpiece of her administration, which has vigorously supported the LGBT agenda. Parker, who took office in 2010, has made no secret of her own homosexuality. As an at-large city councilmember, she was Houston's first openly gay elected official. She married her longtime girlfriend in California earlier this year.
Advertisement
The brazenness of the whole effort, though, is really quite stunning. The communications sought are protected under a whole host of privileges, most readily the First Amendment. But the City of Houston's crack legal squad has even subpoenaed communications obviously protected by attorney-client privilege. “It is a fishing expedition,” says Stanley. And the Supreme Court has made clear that the discovery process of a trial cannot be used to cast about wantonly for material that might, on an off-chance, be helpful to one's case.
Advertisement
The city's tactics are transparent — and appalling. Private citizens' right to petition their local government for a redress of grievances was violated by the mayor and her minions. And when that was not enough to silence the dissenters, the city sicced its legal team on the pastors who, fully protected by the First Amendment, helped organize them and promote their cause.
Does Parker think this gambit will succeed? If so, she must not be well acquainted with her state's history. When it comes to defending their rights, Texans are not an easygoing bunch. Thankfully.
— Ian Tuttle is a William F. Buckley Jr. Fellow at the National Review Institute.
It seems every year now we hear about some mega corporation getting hacked and how the consequences impact their users. Yahoo and Sony are just some of the high profile examples. However, if you think only large Tier 1 businesses are the ones at risk, think again.
Just a few days ago, I was tweaking some settings for a hosting customer and had to scroll through the logs to find some info. As I was working I noticed a few unwelcome (unsuccessful) attempts to access WordPress core files from Russian and Eastern European IP addresses.
Your internet business absolutely must have measures in place to protect against common attacks. While FissionBlue Creative managed hosting customers enjoy these features automatically, there are many web hosts that do not help mitigate risk of hackers. The following recommendations to secure your WordPress website are usually easy to implement (by yourself or a trusted helper) and should not take more than an hour or two. The other alternative is to put your brand and your businesses assets at unnecessary risk if you choose not to follow them.
1. Install a Security WordPress plugin like Wordfence.
Many of the most important features are free, and these plugins will disable some of the most common entry points used by attackers out of the box. When you visit their settings inside the WP Dashboard, you may customize the level of security and logs to your liking. With just a few clicks you've got a stronger level of protection for your WordPress site.
2. Make Backups of Your Website Regularly.
The frequency of your site backups is entirely up to you, however we recommend conducting either weekly or monthly WordPress backups, based on:
a. How busy your site is (how much traffic you receive)
b. How often you add or change your content, and
c. How often you update your WordPress version, theme version, and plugins.
There are several free and premium solutions available, so you must be aware of what you'll need as a bare minimum. Your WordPress website needs two components to run correctly.
The first component consists of your actual files, like the WordPress PHP files, your plugins, and the pictures or graphics you've uploaded. These are stored in a directory on your web host and can be accessed via FTP. The second and equally important component is your database, which is where your textual content, settings, orders, or users are stored. The very text you are now reading is being pulled from FissionBlue's database.
You must ensure you get both halves—if you restore a backup of all your files but your database is missing, your website is worthless.
We recommend WordPress Duplicator or UpdraftPlus to create a restore point of both halves, whether you wish to restore your entire website after a catastrophe or migrate hosts completely. The backup can save in your host or can be saved externally to your Google Drive, Dropbox, or AWS account. FissionBlue Managed Hosting customers enjoy server-side automatic backups included free of charge, so there is no need for a backup plugin (unless you wish to store backups externally). FissionBlue backups may be accessed by logging into your Control Panel.
3. Signup for a Free Cloudflare Plan.
Cloudflare is a DNS (domain name service) provider, which is like a phone book for the internet. What makes Cloudflare so different is their sheer network strength as well as their emphasis on security and speed—keep in mind that's all with just their free plan. For example, Cloudflare can cache parts of your website worldwide so that it loads faster, it can provide free HTTPS/SSL (the little green lock for your visitors), and it can stand in front of your website in case of coordinated attacks (like those DDoS attacks we hear about in the news).
4. Personalize Your WordPress Login Slug.
By default, you can (try to) login to any WordPress site by going to www.thewebsite.com/wp-admin. Given how popular WordPress is as a platform, any low-level hacker can try to gain access to your website through this easy channel. Try changing it to something easy to remember for you and your staff, but different enough to avoid being an easy guess either. iThemes Security already has this feature built-in. All you have to do is go to the “Advanced” Settings page, click on “Hide Backend,” and fill out the settings to your own desires. Some customized login slug ideas/examples for inspiration: staffportal, wp-secret-login, or stairwaytoheaven.
5? Customize Your WordPress Database Prefix.
Why should we stop at just four if there is more out there? By default, all WordPress database tables start with “wp_” as a prefix, so that any hacker with basic WordPress knowledge can guess your database structure at the drop of a hat. MySQL injections and other database vulnerabilities become a cakewalk from there. Try using a tool to customize your WordPress table prefixes to something completely unique, i.e. “w2ZbEq_”
In Conclusion…
Your business relies heavily on having a safe and secure website for your visitors and our customers. In fact, most small businesses never recover from security breaches that take day-to-day ops offline. So even though these easy steps to secure your WordPress website are not guaranteed, nor will they be able to stop more sophisticated attempts, you will avoid becoming the low-hanging fruit on the internet. If you have any questions or you think I forgot something important, feel free to comment below. All the best and stay secure!
Since their introduction at the beginning of 2008, so-called netbooks have had a sudden, meteoric rise; sales have surpassed all projections, and new launches have dominated much of the gadget press. How did this happen all of the sudden, and why? Can the netbook growth phenomenon possibly continue unabated? In the second installment of this series, Ars explores the past, present, and future of the netbook form factor. Part I, entitled “WEee have lived before,” explored the surprisingly long history of netbook-style computers, from their origins in the early days of x86 to the long hiatus before the rennaissance that created the modern netbook. This second article will explore the netbook's resurrection over the last few years, through the OLPC, Classmate, Nanobook, Eee, and Menlow platforms and devices.
WEee have lived before: the TL;DR version
In Part I, we explored three distinct approaches to the netbook, exemplified by the HP 200LX series palmtop, Psion's 5 series palmtop and 7 series “Netbook,” and Toshiba's celebrated Libretto. The LX used 80186 hardware, the Psion devices used ARM and a custom OS, and the Libretto used laptop hardware and some very fancy engineering, to achieve somewhat the same ends. For a combination of reasons involving undesirable spots on the continuous tradeoff between performance, size, and price, all three approaches substantially failed. Netbooks would have to wait for their own platform, and the form factor quieted for a number of years, from 2000 to 2007.
Intel, meanwhile, took note of the engineering success achieved by OQO's Model 01 computer, which ran Windows XP on a 14-ounce brick with a five-inch screen and a slide-up keyboard. Although the Model 01 accomplished this feat for $2000 using a Transmeta processor, Intel seemingly reasoned it could do better, and along with Microsoft, produced the UMPC, its first attempt at an x86 ultraportable form factor. The result was underwhelming, partially because the process technology wasn't quite there, but more because of the unfortunate decision to go without a keyboard, which constrained the use-case considerably. Intel had chosen the wrong role model for its platform, and tried to do too much, too soon. Clearly, something different needed to happen for low-cost, ultraportable x86 computing to really take off.
OLPC: technoevangelism brings the netbook to the world's poor
The OLPC X0
The answer came very indirectly, and from an unlikely source: a nonprofit with big dreams called One Laptop Per Child. Its founder, Nicholas Negroponte, also the founder of the Media Labs at MIT, had a vision of a world in which laptops would be cheap enough to bring the advantages of modern education to the world's poorer schoolchildren. In service to this vision, at the World Economic Forum in January 2005 Negroponte's project announced a new laptop called the XO developed specifically for children in the developing world. The XO sported minimal hardware that was considered obsolete for PCs in the first world: an AMD Geode processor, 1GB of flash, a tiny LCD touchscreen, USB, and WiFi. It ran a custom Linux variant and sported a battery which the designers envisioned recharging with a hand crank.
The XO was intended to be manufactured in fantastic quantities, to allow economies of scale to reduce its price to the staggeringly low sum of $100. With the cost of laptops reduced to a single Benjamin, developing countries with little infrastructure could deploy them rapidly and extend the digital revolution to all their children. Brazil's entire child population could be supplied with laptops on a continuing basis, one per child on entering school, with the proceeds of an endowment typical for a single top-flight university in the USA. These laptops could replace much of the more expensive books-and-chalkboards infrastructure of traditional education, allowing countries to turn out whole generations of well-educated, computer-literate youngsters and make the quantum leap to developed status in one fell swoop. To Negroponte, the project was nothing less than the key to developing humanity's potential for the majority of its members.
Model OLPC XO-1 Screen 7.5" 1200*900 dual mode color/grayscale Processor AMD Geode 500Mhz Storage 1GB Flash Memory 256MB Battery Life Disputed, about 4 hours with color screen Weight 3.5 pounds OS Fedora Linux with "Sugar" UI Price $188 cost to build, available to consumers for $399
Direct sales to first-world consumers didn't fit with Negroponte's altruistic vision. While some first-worlders would probably have been interested in buying one, Negroponte and the OLPC project initially dismissed such an option as a dilution of the project's duties to children in poorer nations and a compromise of its nonprofit philosophy. The OLPC was an education project, not a technology project. While OLPC later relented and introduced the barely functional "Give One Get One" program, this was more a reaction to the project's floundering finances and practical failure to distribute computers.
The project was a bright flame, to be sure. Within nine months of its first announcement, the laptop was being touted by UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, and had the sponsorship of Google, AMD, Red Hat, and others. The UN jumped onboard officially in less than a year, and countries like China, India, Brazil, Argentina, Egypt, Nigeria, and Thailand began to show interest. Negroponte's initial goal of producing 100 million laptops in the project's first two years of production started to sound like a possibility.
Then, reality set in. Working prototypes of the XO didn't emerge until May 2006, by which time the expected price had risen, first to $130 and then to $188, robbing the project of its shockingly low price tag and sapping much of its third-world appeal. The beginning of volume production, which was predicated on firm orders for five or six million units, some billion dollars in initial commitments from host governments, was delayed until 2007. Worst of all, the hand crank proved to be unrealistic, and, after being replaced with an external foot pedal, was scrapped altogether. Meanwhile, criticism on pedagogical grounds of OLPC's general idea of better education through laptops accumulated, as did some embarrassing stories of failed of trial projects.
Classmate: Intel's answer to OLPC was a repackaged UMPC
Intel's Classmate PC
Intel's watchful eye took notice of the OLPC project. While Santa Clara initially dismissed the XO as a "gadget" without the capability to run the PC applications users would need to improve their lives, the CPU giant quickly decided to start a competing project in early 2006. It will probably never be clear what Intel's true intentions were in starting such an initiative. While a genuine concern for education is not out of the question, it's more likely the decision stemmed from a desire to bring cheap computers to poorer nations in volume, to scuttle the OLPC's vision by sapping its energy, or both. It is, however, unlikely that Intel intended its competing project to be a trial run for a netbook form factor in the first world.
Image: Yle
The client, Korpelan Voima power utility won the original case against Enerit. At that time a lower court ruled that that the IT company had shown extreme neglect in fulfilling its contract.
Enerit was contracted to provide IT services for Korpelan Voima and its power distribution subsidiary Korpelan Verkko in 2006.
Four years ago, the consortium of local municipalities that own the utility company brought in a private expert to evaluate its IT security. The expert found that Enerit had ignored 23 separate orders or bans established by the municipalities' computer security policy.
Spam, porn and slack security
Firewall security settings were so inadequate that they allowed outside access to the company's intranet, including customer data and Korpelan Voima's main server which ran critical company operations.
It was found that the installed spam filter passed along unscanned emails from a Finnish dating service and a German website offering adult entertainment videos. In addition, an IT company employee had downloaded 20,000 pornographic pictures, 250 movies, over 1000 pieces of music and installed BitTorrent file-sharing software.
According to the case filed by Korpelan Voima, the employee used only a third of hours invoiced for work.
The expert's evaluation was that slack security arrangements led to a potential threat that could have targeted the company's entire electricity supply distribution and control. IT security arrangements were deemed to be both outdated and systematically neglected. The appeals court agreed with the evaluation in its ruling.
Double damages
Under the earlier district court ruling, Enerit was ordered to pay Korpelan Voima and its distribution subsidiary 80,000 euros in damages for endangering its IT security. The appeal court has now raised that to 160,000.
Enerit itself is jointly owned by three power utilities, Korpelan Voima, Kokkolan Energia and Vaasan Sähkö.
After 44 fighters walked to the octagon during the UFC's sixth annual “International Fight Week” festivities, Robert Whittaker closed the show when he claimed the interim UFC middleweight title in Saturday's UFC 213 main event.
Whittaker (19-4 MMA, 10-2 UFC) defeated Yoel Romero (12-2 MMA, 8-1 UFC) by unanimous decision in the pay-per-view headliner, which followed prelims on FS1 and UFC Fight Pass at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas, closing a weekend with 22 fights across two events.
For more on the numbers to come out of Whittaker's victory, as well as the rest of the competitors on the card, check below for 45 post-event facts to come out of UFC 213.
* * * *
General
The Reebok Athlete Outfitting payout for the event totaled $182,500.
Whittaker, Romero, Chad Laprise and Rob Font earned $50,000 UFC 213 fight-night bonuses.
Debuting fighters went 2-2 on the card.
UFC 213 drew an announced attendance of 12,834 for a live gate of $2.4 million.
Betting favorites went 10-1 on the card.
Total fight time for the 11-bout card was 2:24:45.
Main card
Whittaker became the first New Zealand-born fighter in UFC history to win a championship.
Whittaker improved to 7-0 since he moved up to the UFC middleweight division in November 2014.
Whittaker's seven-fight UFC winning streak in middleweight competition is the longest active streak in the division.
Whittaker's eight-fight UFC winning streak is tied for the sixth longest active streak in the company behind Jon Jones (13), Demetrious Johnson (12), Georges St-Pierre (12), Max Holloway (11) and Tony Ferguson (nine).
Whittaker's 74 significant strikes landed marked the most of his UFC career.
Whittaker has earned five of his 10 UFC victories by decision.
Whittaker has earned a fight-night bonuses in six of his past eight UFC appearances.
Romero had his eight-fight winning streak snapped for his first defeat since September 2011.
Romero suffered the first decision loss of his career.
Alistair Overeem (43-15 MMA, 8-4 UFC earned just the fifth decision victory of his career. Three of those have come during his UFC career.
Fabricio Werdum (21-7-1 MMA, 9-4 UFC) fell to 8-2 since he returned to the UFC for a second stint in February 2012.
Werdum fell to 3-2 in rematch or trilogy bouts during his career.
Werdum has suffered five of his seven career losses by decision.
Curtis Blaydes (7-1 MMA, 2-1 UFC) earned the first decision victory of his career.
Daniel Omielanczuk (19-8-1 MMA, 4-5 UFC) suffered his third consecutive loss to extend the longest skid of his career. He hasn't earned a victory since July 2016.
Omielanczuk has suffered seven of his eight career losses by decision.
Anthony Pettis (20-6 MMA, 7-5 UFC) was successful in his return to the lightweight division after a two-fight stint at featherweight.
Pettis earned his first decision victory since Oct. 8, 2011 – a span of 2,100 days (nearly six years) and 10 fights
Jim Miller (28-10 MMA, 17-9 UFC) fell to 4-6 in his past 10 UFC appearances.
Douglas Silva de Andrade (24-2 MMA, 2-2 UFC) fell to 2-2 in his past four fights after starting his career on a 23-fight unbeaten streak.
De Andrade fell to 2-1 since he dropped to the UFC bantamweight division in February 2015.
De Andrade suffered the first submission loss of his career.
Preliminary card
Aleksei Oleinik (52-10-1 MMA, 4-1 UFC) has earned all four of his UFC victories by stoppage.
Oleinik has earned 42 of his 52 professional victories by submission.
Travis Browne (18-7-1 MMA, 9-7-1 UFC) suffered his fourth consecutive loss to extend the longest skid of his career. He hasn't earned a victory since January 2016.
Browne fell to 2-6 overall in his past eight UFC appearances dating back to April 2014.
Browne suffered the first submission loss of his career.
Chad Laprise (12-2 MMA, 5-2 UFC) was successful in his return to the UFC welterweight division. He earned his first victory in the weight class since April 2014.
Laprise improved to 2-0 in the UFC welterweight division.
Brian Camozzi (7-4 MMA, 0-2 UFC) has suffered both of his career stoppage losses by knockout.
Thiago “Marreta” Santos (15-5 MMA, 7-4 UFC) has earned six of his seven UFC victories by knockout.
Santos' six knockout victories in UFC middleweight competition are tied for fourth most in divisional history behind Anderson Silva (eight), Michael Bisping (seven) and Chris Leben (seven).
Gerald Meerschaert (26-9 MMA, 2-1 UFC) suffered the first knockout loss of his career.
Belal Muhammad (12-2 MMA, 3-2 UFC) has earned eight of his 12 career victories by decision.
Jordan Mein (29-12 MMA, 3-4 UFC) fell to 0-2 since he returned from retirement in December.
Trevin Giles (10-0 MMA, 1-0 UFC) has earned nine of his 10 career victories by stoppage.
James Bochnovic (8-2 MMA, 0-1 UFC) had his nine-fight winning streak snapped for his first defeat since his MMA debut in August 2014.
Bochnovic suffered the first knockout loss of his career.
For complete coverage of UFC 213, check out the UFC Events section of the site.
FightMetric research analyst and live statistics producer Michael Carroll contributed to this story. Follow him on Twitter @MJCflipdascript.
Game Title: Superdimension Neptune vs Sega Hard Girls
Developer: Compile Heart, Sega, Idea Factory International
Platform: PlayStation Vita
Game Type: Vita
Download: 1.5 GB
NA Availability: Retail | Digital Download
EU Availability: Retail | Digital Download
PSTV Support: Yes
Hyperdimension Neptunia has always been known as a series to parody other series. The first two games in the main series parody the home console wars (PS3 vs Xbox 360 vs Wii) and the handheld console wars (PSP vs DS). Since then, everything in the series has parodied everything about gaming, from characters based on gaming companies to monsters parodying known RPG enemies.
One thing that hasn't been done yet, is the series actually crossing over with another franchise. It's been known that many of the Neptunia characters are based on Sega consoles, and Sega took note of that. Working with the developers, they've made a cross-over between Neptunia and the animated series known as Sega Hard Girls (Short for Sega Hardware Girls).
So, here is my early review of Superdimension Neptune vs Sega Hard Girls!
Story
Superdimension takes place in a post-apocalyptic world that has been reduced to a dead wasteland. A traveler known as IF seeks out a famous library known to hold records of the entirety of history in the hopes of finding out why the world is a wasteland. Upon arriving, she is drawn into an adventure across time as segments of history begin to disappear.
The plot of this game is more in-depth and less focused on comedy alone like the other spin-offs do. It does a fair amount to give background for eras based on Sega consoles as well as incorporating the Sega Hard Girls into the Neptunia series in a way that makes sense for them to be there and involved with the CPUs.
Gameplay
Like the main series, Superdimension is a turn-based RPG with additional unit management and platforming elements thrown into the mix. The game plays out very much like the Re;Birth games do on the PS Vita with world map exploration, quests, and story events pushing dungeon availability forward. If you've played the Re;Birth games, you have a very good idea of how you'll be playing this game.
Main exploration has a new feature in the form of terrain you can interact with. New dungeons incorporate these and many returning dungeons have expanded sections. You can now climb walls, squeeze through crawlspaces, dash to make longer jumps, and climb on ropes to reach your objective areas. This is also encouraged with the inclusion of medals and baseballs you can pick up in each dungeon, normally associated with these interaction areas.
Although you can freely explore different eras through the world map, story progression is quest-based. Each time you want to do a side-quest or see the next story segment, you have to accept it as a quest from the library. Once a story quest is accepted, it will trigger an event in the appropriate era, and you can go into the dungeons and see those events play out.
The way this works is refreshing, but it also has a bad side to it. One thing I like is that there isn't a set order for the story. You have four different time eras you can visit, and you can progress those story events in any order you want. If you want to do the Dreamcast era before the Mega Drive era, you can do that and it will not have any consequences. This gets more strategic later in the game when quests you take will affect the strength of the final boss. But it gives you a lot of freedom you don't normally get from JRPGs.
The bad is that it feels repetitive. Some story quests are literally a cutscene and nothing else so you're going through Accept a quest, watch a scene, backtrack to report quest. Accept next quest. Repeat process. This really starts to feel repetitive with all the backtracking you have to do with constantly leaving eras just to activate the next story event.
Combat looks similar but it has also significantly changed. You no longer set up combos with learned skills. You now have an Action Gauge on the left that fills when you move, use an item, attack, or use a skill. You have a lot of freedom in this. In previous games, you went through an attack combo on a single enemy and the turn was over. In this game, you could use a few attacks to knock out one enemy, and use the remainder of your gauge to move to a different part of the arena and start taking out another.
This is also changed with Overdrive, Gems, and the Fever Time systems. Overdrive is like a charged attack. If you hold the attack button, you can charge to do a finishing combo at any given time so you don't have to use a skill to finish off an enemy. I personally prefer using most of my action gauge with normal attacks and ending with a charged attack.
Gems are floating objects that will randomly appear during battle. Jumping into these could do a lot of things, from healing you to regenerating SP needed for skills. There's also a Gem for Fever Time, which builds up as you fight. Fever Time will give you extra turns before your enemy can go, increases all of your party's stats, and give you access to EXE Skills, exclusive to Fever Time and only use part of the Fever Gauge instead of using SP.
The final addition is the use of Classes. Like other RPGs, each character can change classes, which affects what skills they learn. Characters level up for stats, but classes level up to give you skills, both offensive like SP skills and support skills that can affect battle, such as increasing the amount of EXP you get from combat or changing how quickly the Fever gauge fills up. You can keep support skills you've learned in other classes, so it's worth the grind to be able to get those skills for the optimal setup.
This all comes together pretty well, giving the game a lot of customization, much of which is needed for the game's boss fights. Normal battles don't increase difficulty terribly quickly, but when bosses show up, get ready to give everything you've got. Every major boss fight is a struggle unless you've done a lot of grinding and have your EXE skills and Fever Time set up before the battle starts. It's certainly not an easy game without all of those and a good formation setup.
As far as length is concerned, don't expect to spend the same amount of time in this as you would in the Re;Birth games, but it does have a good amount to it. Your first run through for the story-based ending should take you around 20-25 hours. If you know exactly what you're doing, though, you could probably clear it in a little less than 20 hours. Then you've got New Game Plus for the two alternate endings, quests you didn't do before, and the NG+ exclusive secret boss fight to test your skills.
Controls
Controlling the game is pretty simple and there isn't a lot different between this and previous games of the series. As always, the game is compatible with the PlayStation TV but there are no special controls, unless you consider hitting L1 as an alternative to the touch screen for skipping battle animations as a special control at this point.
The Left Analog Stick is used to move around and the Right Analog is for the camera. D-Pad can be used in menus, but also for zooming in and out when in the field or in combat.
Almost every other button is used in combat, though. The R trigger is used for escaping from battle or choosing to end your turn after you've done actions. X is used for attacks, Square for using items, Triangle for skills, and Circle for jumping. It's pretty self-explanatory as all of those combat controls have their button displayed in the battle HUD.
Presentation
Visually, this game is a step up from previous games. There is a lot more detail and higher quality cell-shading done to make the game look prettier. There are a lot of physics done as well, showing character hair and costumes flowing in the wind, especially when rope-climbing and the shadows are very accurate.
This doesn't come without cost, though. There are many areas that have frame drops. You can watch the video review to get an idea of this, but it's more or less like the frame drops seen in Re;Birth 2. It's not a huge deal since it doesn't happen terribly often, but something to consider since a few of the drops are relatively significant.
A new state bill in the California State Senate could make social-networking sites like Facebook take down personal information and photos for account users under 18 and require more private settings.
The SB 242 was introduced by Sen. Ellen Corbett (D-San Leandro) and would require all security settings to default to private and charge up to $10,000 per violation, according to the San Francisco Chronicle.
The bill's language also states that social-networking sites would have to comply with parental requests to remove information or photos from their children's pages or accounts. The new bill "would require removal of that information regarding a user under 18 years of age upon request by the user's parent, within 48 hours upon his or her request."
Facebook's response was anything but accommodating. "This legislation is a serious threat both to Facebook's business in California and to meaningful California consumers' choices about use of personal data," said spokesman Andrew Noyes.
Rock Stars: Then and Now
I think the main problem stems from young people posting dubious photos and information on their Facebook wall or other social media without much regard for the consequences. Unfortunately, when someone is 16, the teenager may lack foresight that a picture of him or her drinking beer, half-naked, or a message saying, "I'm so wasted @work!" could be problematic when he or she interviews to be an elementary school teacher. (Some 30-year-olds post the same things, so it can't all be blamed on youth.)
I also believe 48 hours is a tight and unrealistic deadline and parental requests shouldn't be higher priority than new security or network upgrades. The parental requests could also lead to excessive "pruning" of Facebook pages, where hyper-vigilant parents routinely contact Facebook every day to take down information.
This new bill isn't a winner, but perhaps it will push Facebook to be more responsive to user needs before it's legally required to be.
Jennifer Lopez Sits Down For Fan Q&A
The National Security Entry-Exit Registration System (NSEERS) or INS Special Registration[1][2] was a system for registering certain non-citizens within the United States, initiated in September 2002 as part of the War on Terrorism. Portions were suspended as of April 27, 2011, and the entirety of the regulation was removed on December 23, 2016.[3]
This system had two separate components: port-of-entry registration and domestic registration. In each case, those who registered were fingerprinted, photographed, and interviewed. They were required to provide detailed information about their plans and to update Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) if their plans changed. They were only permitted to enter and depart the U.S. through designated ports of entry. On December 22, 2016 the Obama administration announced that it would dismantle the NSEERS regulatory framework, which would essentially cancel the program.[4]
History [ edit ]
The Bush administration started the program in September 2002.[5][6] A goal of the program was to increase screening of travelers from specific countries. Because a majority of these countries were predominantly Muslim cultures, the American Civil Liberties Union said the program unjustly targeted individuals based on religion.[7]
In January 2003 a Justice Department spokesperson said NSEERS helped law enforcement authorities apprehend 330 "known criminals" and three "known terrorists"; The spokesperson made these remarks in order to advocate for renewed funding for the program, for which the Bush administration was requesting $16.8 million per fiscal year.[8] However, by 1 December 2016, "[n]o known terrorism convictions resulted from the program," according to a letter from some Democratic Members of Congress and New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.[9][10] By January 2003, at least 138,000 individuals were registered in NSEERS, according to testimony by the Department of Homeland Security to Congress.[11] As of May 2003, 82,581 individuals had complied with the domestic portion of the program. Of these, at least 13,153 were placed in deportation proceedings. Although the program originally included a requirement to re-register annually, the Department of Homeland Security, which gained jurisdiction over the program, eliminated this requirement.[2][12][13]
Immigrant rights advocates such as Rabia Chaudry criticized the program, particularly the domestic portion of it, for profiling on the basis of ethnicity and religion as well as generally undermining immigrants' rights. They noted that 24 of the 25 countries included on the list are predominantly Muslim,[14] while all of the countries are in Asia or Africa. The ACLU said that the program was ineffective due to it producing no terrorism-related convictions in the 93,000 cases it created.[15] Given the large numbers involved and the nature of the requirements, they argued, it was unlikely to find any members of Al Qaeda. NSEERS was probed in the documentary film "Aliens Among Us", by Martina Radwan, for the effect it had on immigrant families of Arab origin.[16]
Suspension [ edit ]
The system was discontinued in 2011 under the Obama administration, whereupon the Department of Homeland Security said that the registration system had become outdated in the wake of new technology.[17]
NSEERS was indefinitely suspended as of April 27, 2011, when the US-VISIT program was instituted as its replacement. The Department of Homeland Security website said, "Because the Secretary of Homeland Security's authority under the NSEERS regulations is broader than the manual information flow based on country designation that has now ended, the underlying NSEERS regulation will remain in place in the event a special registration program is again needed."[18]
Removal [ edit ]
On November 22, 2016, the American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee submitted a letter co-signed by nearly 200 organizations to President Barack Obama, calling on his administration to rescind the regulatory framework behind the NSEERS. The letter was submitted on behalf of nearly 200 civil and human rights, civil liberties, education, social justice, and inter-faith organizations, including the American Civil Liberties Union, the Leadership Conference on Civil Human Rights, American Immigration Council, Center for American Progress, National Council of La Raza, the National Immigration Forum, and the Southern Poverty Law Center. The letter reads in part, "As organizations that represent diverse communities and that are committed to civil and immigrant rights, we firmly believe that removal of the NSEERS framework is a necessary imperative. We ask the Administration to immediately take steps to remove the regulatory structure of NSEERS and stop any future use of the program."[19]
The registration system was ordered to be removed near the end of the President Obama's second term in 2016.[20] The removal order occurred after New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman wrote, "We can't risk giving President-elect Trump the tools to create an unconstitutional religious registry."[21] However, because the order occurred within the last 60 days of a President's term, if it is a "major regulation" (major social policy significance or cost of more than $100 million), it is subject to Congressional review (see Midnight regulations) and may be voided by Congress under the Congressional Review Act. Trump's advisers had suggested keeping the system to track immigrants.[22][23] The Obama administration's order to remove the system said the program was redundant because it called for manual collection of data that is now captured automatically.[24]
Registration [ edit ]
Port-of-entry registration was required for nationals of Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, and Syria (including those that were born in these countries but have a passport from a different country), in addition to any other non-citizen, non-permanent residents determined in advance by the United States Department of State or the INS, or as they enter the country by INS inspectors. According to the September 2002 notice signed by Attorney General John Ashcroft announcing the update to special registration in the Federal Register, some form of special registration was already in effect for the above countries as early as 1998.[5] The new system began on September 11, 2002.[9][25]
Certain non-citizens who were in the United States on or prior to September 10, 2002, were required to register in person at an INS office. This procedure was required of males over the age of sixteen who entered the United States legally on particular types of visa (primarily student, work, and tourist) from certain countries. Countries were named on four occasions:
The deadlines for registration were December 16, 2002 (Group 1), January 10, 2003 (Group 2), February 21, 2003 (Group 3), and March 28, 2003 (Group 4).[26] The deadlines for Group 1 and 2 registration were later extended to February 7, 2003. The deadlines for Groups 3 and 4 were extended to March 21, 2003 and April 25, 2003.[27]
See also [ edit ]
45User Rating: 4 out of 5
Review title of GoThIcM3rCy outstanding production value...just could be longer
firstly let me clear up something...the gripes some people have regarding the framerate of the game are ridiculous....do they not realise that any frame judders happen because of time splinters not the game? the game runs super smooth. Some of the best animation and lip syncing ever in a game and if not for the plastic hair...i would say the best character graphics period. the game oozes production quality...I loved the real tv idea.....great acting too. the voice acting is top notch throughout and the cut scenes are as seemless as witcher 3. The gameplay is very solid....basic with a twist but certainly enough to be fun and refreshing. Whilst not a system seller its a top tier game and a worthy addition thats been crafted with care and attention...and gob smacking facial detail. If only it was longer
Confessions of a Misogynist (or the problem with rape culture according to Paul.)
I raped a woman last night.
I took everything beautiful about her and wrapped it up in a preconceived idea of what a woman should be
Like squeezing the life of out a ripened fruit to get at the juice knowing damn well that the whole would serve a healthier purpose but to be honest I was thirsty.
So my mind did what my hands were unable to do being bound by my mother's upbringing
I stuffed her in a box, with walls that knew how to shift sizes in case I ingested information that required room to grow within the limits I designed
I took her potential and plucked the plumage from the tissues of her God given instruments of flight
I stole a torch from a goddess only to give her back an ember to kindle into a hearth just to keep her heart warm towards me
Just to keep the light in her eyes subject to my every desire, willing to brighten up a room if I asked it to and obedient enough to dim and fade into darkness because I demanded it
And I did all of this in the first 15 minutes I knew her.
I took her measurements just to make sure the shackles and chains would fit, loose enough to let her think I wasn't putting her on a leash but tight enough to remind her what I meant when I said she was mine.
I practically forced myself on her, penetrating the walls I'm sure she built to keep men and monsters alike out, I fashioned myself a Titan, diving through defenses and feasting on her weakness
Just before I delivered the seed that would sprout and bear bittersweet offspring, where she was once destined to be pregnant with promise
Her womb could've held heaven, but men aren't taught to love God we're instructed to fear it without knowing the respect attached and thus we rebel and attack any evidence of divinity
We don't care about the impact as long as they fall for us, we'd burn down eden and replant our own flawed version of a forest
Because all boys are taught to honor is the concept of control, from our lessons even to the remotes we play games with
Until we grow up and forget that reality lacks cheat codes.
There's no easy road when it comes to nurturing a lovers soul and yet we'd rather speed down the highway to hell instead of climbing a stairway to heaven just for the cause of perpetually instantaneous gratification even though it always seems to fade soon after the damage is done.
I took everything good about a person who had every right to be as her parents intended or like her heavenly father encoded in the mystery of her femininity
And rather than let her be my equal I reserved her a seat at my side yet elevated where the only thing eyes could see were my feet.
And im sorry. But that's the problem with being a man these days. Our mothers teach us to treat the younger versions of themselves in other forms sweetly while our father's if we're lucky to have their input teach us the value of commanding anything and everything at our grasp
Yet society tells us that life is ala carte
That the prefix I or my before every popular product available is indicative that ones singular desires are the only kinds to keep in mind and thus we walk around as though we shaped the world in 6 days and took a second before the seventh to instill our perverse ideals in the dna of the ones destined to be our other halves
culturally were blasphemous bastards unworthy of blessings from above yet mercy keeps us from oblivion and still were blissfully unaware of the time bombs we've become in how we treat each other especially those we claim to love.
So yes I raped her. And she ain't even know it. No roofie required, all it took was her smile to show that my words slid inside her head and all I needed to say was go and she'd immediately become less than what she expected to be and more than what a man like me deserves
My only saving grace is I pulled out before my venom could be expelled and thus I wounded her but I'd rather do short term pain to the peace between us than to ruin her.
Xi Jinping's trillion-dollar overseas investment strategy has not caught up with his green rhetoric, environmentalists warn as countries head to Bonn climate summit
By Li Jing in Beijing
China is more assertive than ever about its climate leadership ambitions, as 195 countries head to Bonn for the annual UN summit.
At a five-yearly party congress in mid-October, president Xi Jinping for the first time spelled out China's ambition to take up “the driving seat” of international debate on climate change.
Many are looking to the world's biggest emitter to fill the leadership role that Donald Trump's US has vacated. Chinese officials take pride in the country's contribution to cementing the Paris climate accord and its shift towards less carbon-intensive growth.
“Xi's high profile announcement at the party congress, the most important political gathering, effectively ends domestic debates about whether China should step up,” says Greenpeace senior advisor Li Shuo.
Yet the country's biggest influence over global affairs comes with its trillion-dollar overseas investment plan, known as “belt and road”. This has a huge carbon footprint, experts warn.
Hailed by Xi as the “project of the century”, the strategy spans 69 countries, rolling out infrastructure that could make or break the Paris agreement.
“Leadership is not self claimed. People will look at what you do, both domestically and internationally. China has indeed made great endeavors to decarbonise its economy at home,” says Wu Changhua, China/Asia director for Jeremy Rifkin Office.
”Internationally, however, this contradiction between overseas climate footprint and the leadership rhetoric is yet to be recognised by Chinese officials and investors.”
At a belt and road summit in May, Xi promised to stick to the concept of “green development” and establish “an international coalition for green development”. Several ministries – including environment, foreign affairs, commerce and national development and reform commissions – in May issued guidance for the “green belt and road initiative”.
Liu Youbin, a spokesperson for the environmental ministry, said on Tuesday the ministry was guiding Chinese enterprises to “abide by local environmental regulations at host countries” for the belt and road projects. Some Chinese companies are adopting stricter environmental standards than requested by local law, he added.
But so far, in government's grand plan for the belt and road initiative, there are few guidelines for Chinese investors and enterprises to follow in terms of projects' climate impact, according to Yang Fuqiang, a senior adviser on climate and energy with the Natural Resources Defense Council's China program.
“The investment in coal-fired power plants is so intensive in some countries, for instance Pakistan, that might even jeopardize the 2 degree limit of temperature rise set in the Paris Agreement,” says Yang.
In 2016 alone, state-backed China Development Bank, Export-Import Bank of China and China Silk Road Fund financed over $4 billion worth of overseas coal projects, according to data collected by NRDC. That accounts for half of the foreign coal investment by G20 countries.
Statistics by Global Environment Institute (GEI) show Chinese investment in overseas coal projects surged between 2013 and 2015, filling a gap left by western institutions such as the World Bank.
That is because Chinese lenders are still very much focusing their risk analysis on credit, market and compliance, while paying insufficient attention to social and environmental risks, says Bai Yunwen, a researcher with Greenovation Hub, a Chinese environmental group.
There is a risk of Chinese companies exporting excessive or obsolete production capacity, adds Yang, giving the example of a cement plant China built in Kazakhstan using outdated technology.
Bonn COP23 climate talks When? 6-17 November, 2017 Where? Bonn, Germany What? A meeting of 197 parties to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, where the implementation of the Paris climate agreement will be the major point of negotiations. Not just Donald Trump news! Climate Home will be taking its biggest ever team to the talks. How to keep up? Sign up to Climate Home's newsletter, Facebook and Twitter feeds for the most in-depth, dedicated reporting from this critical meeting.
China itself has paid a heavy environmental price for fossil-fuelled growth. The government is making painful efforts to address pollution problems and it may be decades before the country's air, water and soil quality is fully restored.
“Chinese government says it is taking a shorter time to clean up the messes than many industrialized countries,” says Yang. “Now the question is: could China help other developing countries cut the cleanup period even more through this belt and road initiative?”
Bearing that in mind, 16 Chinese and overseas environmental groups – including Greenovation Hub and NRDC – have built up a coalition to research the climate impact of the belt and road initiative. They intend to develop policy recommendations for government bodies, such as the banking regulator, and businesses.
The aim is to align belt and road projects with each host country's national targets and ultimately with the 2C global warming limit agreed in Paris, says Yang.
Greenovation Hub's Guo Hongyu adds that the group is evaluating each host country's investment opportunities in renewable energy sources, to encourage investors to shift their focus away from coal.
Republish this article
The Libertarian National Committee has moved into its new headquarters!
Our new office is a modern, recently renovated, all-brick end unit of a town house–style building. It is located at 1444 Duke St. in the historic Old Town section of Alexandria, Va., just three blocks from a major D.C. Metro subway stop.
The phone numbers are the same: (800) ELECTUS, or (202) 333-0008.
Purchasing the building allows the LNC to save a whopping $6,200 per month over lease payments at the former office at the Watergate in Washington, D.C.
We'd once again like to thank all of the generous donors who have contributed funds dedicated solely to the purpose of acquiring this new office space. We've listed those donor names in the past several issues of LP News, and will soon create a dedicated web page to honor their contributions, along with plaques to be displayed inside our office.
It's not too late to contribute! Join the list of David F. Nolan Memorial Fund office donors here.
PNN/ Jerusalem/
The Israeli Transportation minister, Yisrael Katz, on Sunday has called on Israeli authorities to displace the families of “Palestinian attackers” to Gaza or Syria.
According to the leading Hebrew newspaper Ynet, Katz said that this move of displacing the Palestinian families will deter the Palestinian minors from carrying any attempts to attack Israelis, since demolitions were not enough to stop them.
To his part, the Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu expressed his support to Katz, however said that the Judiciary system would not allow it, because it is considered as collective punishment, which is illegal in the international law.
However, Netanyahu promised Katz to run a discussion on the issue in the Cabinet.
And in another similar stand, the right-wing extremist minister of Education, Naftali Bennett, said on Sunday during the cabinet meeting that Palestinian parents “do not prevent their sons from “stabbing Israelis” since they “get financial compensation from the Palestinian Authority” when their child is killed.
According to Haaretz, these statements have shocked the ministers who were attending the meeting, making them “twist in their chairs.”
Back in November, Bennett had said that “[Israelis] should have killed more [Arabs],” in response to the Arab MK, Hanin Zoabi's condemnations of Israel boasting about killing innocent civilians.
At that time, Bennett immediately accused Zoabi of lying, then said that “anyone who lifts a hand against Israel must die.”
The Israeli rhetoric against Palestinians has been lately growing on an alarming rate, starting with the complete denial of civil rights for Palestinians, then the denial of a Palestinian nation, to the denial of Israeli occupation; a rhetoric which has escalated illegal Israeli demolitions and settlement expansion on Palestinian land.
Katz statements come as a result of a violence that sparked last October, following numerous Israeli violations of this kind against Palestinians.
Since then, some 180 Palestinians and 30 Israelis have been killed.
Read more:
The next expansion for Grand Theft Auto Online will also be one of the biggest. Today Rockstar announced the add-on "Further Adventures in Finance and Felony," which it describes as "one of GTA Online's biggest and deepest updates yet." It's a follow-up to last year's "Executives and Other Criminals," which introduced the option to run your very own criminal empire. (Along with other important features like luxury yachts and weaponized limousines.)
According to Rockstar, the new expansion will let you expand your new empire, and even become CEO of a criminal organization, complete with a high-rise office. Naturally, the update will also include new weapons and vehicles, including the Lamborghini-like Pegassi Reaper (pictured below). Other than that details on the expansion are pretty slim at the moment, but it won't be too long before we learn more — a trailer launches next week, while the expansion itself will be available on June 7th.
AssetBundles are a great feature built into Unity3D. They can allow you to update your game with no user interaction or even stream assets after the first install so your package size isn't too big for mobile. With proper use of assetbundles, you can easily replace textures, gameobjects, and scenes on the fly.
There are a couple ways you can manage your asset bundles, from very basic manual generation to ultra complex systems built for big games with a lot of updates. Today, we'll cover the new ‘experimental' asset bundle system. We'll generate some bundles, and use the bundles to update a game.
Project Setup
Create an empty project… that's it.
AssetBundles Browser
While the new asset bundle system is in development, it can be downloaded from the GitHub site here: https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/AssetBundles-Browser
Download (or clone) the project and copy the “Editor” folder into your existing project.
Wait a few seconds for the editor to re-compile, then open the “AssetBundle Browser” window.
You should see a window like this, with no bundles created yet.
In your scene, create a cube and a sphere. These will represent our player and his enemy.
Give them each a material of their own and color them accordingly.
Here's what mine looks like.
Create a “Scenes” folder.
Save the scene in the “Scenes” folder and name it “Level1”
Select the Level1 scene in the project view, then look to the bottom of the inspector.
You'll see an AssetBundle area.
Click on the dropdown and select “New…”
Name the new bundle “level1”
Save your scene.
Now go back to the AssetBundle Browser window.
You should see your newly created AssetBundle there like this.
The right side is showing the assets included in the bundle. Notice that the Player & BadGuy material are in the bundle as well. This is because they're used in the “Level1” scene and the system is automatically including our dependencies.
Building the Bundle(s)
Click on the Build tab
Select an output folder for the bundles. This is where bundles will be saved so you can upload them to a web server later.
Check the box for “Copy to StreamingAssets“. Doing this allows us to use the bundle without hitting the web server, and includes it in the build. Once we have the bundle on a web server, we can delete this.
Click Build
The Output
Your asset bundles should be built and if you browse to the folder you selected for the output path, it should have contents similar to this.
Back in the editor, you should also see a “StreamingAssets” folder that contains the same files as this.
Loading Script
Create a new folder named “Code”
Create a script in that folder and name it “Loader”
Replace the contents with this script.
Loading Scene
Now that you've created a bundle, it's time to use the bundle.
Create a new scene.
Name it “Loader“.
Create a new gameobject and name it “SceneLoader”
Add the Loader script to the “SceneLoader” gameobject.
Save the scene
Testing
Press play and you'll see your “Level1” scene is loaded.
How does this help?
You may be wondering how this is useful, what have you done that's special? Right now, we're just loading a scene that's exactly what we have in the scene file..
Let's change that and see if it makes more sense.
Open the “Level1” scene in the editor.
Change the “player” to be green.
Add another bad guy..
Save the scene.
Press play and check out your green player and 2 bad guys…
Stop playing and open the “Loader” scene.
Press play again, and you'll see that the version of Level1 loaded is what you exported previously, not the current state of the scene.
Real world Scenarios
In a real project, your asset bundle would be the more ‘updated' version of the level. It could even be a completely new level. You could have swapped out all the art, changed the style, or just fixed a minor bug with the placement of an enemy.
Here, for simplicity of demonstration, we did it a little backward, but hopefully you can see where this can go.
Loading from the web
So you may be wondering how to stream these asset bundles from a web server.
Streaming your assets can be extremely valuable. It allows you to bypass the ‘over the air' limits for downloading mobile games while not on wi-fi. It also allows you to do your own game updates without requiring any user intervention (no need for players to go download the next version of your game, it's automatic when they start).
Open the “Loader.cs” script
Replace the contents with this.
Open the Loader” scene.
Press Play.
Now watch as your level is streamed in from a remote web server.
If you look at line 12 of the Loader script, you can see the URL where I've placed the bundle.
This call is requesting the bundle (with the required request.Send() right after it).
Then in Update, we check to see if the request is done. If so, we load the asset bundle with the GetContent() method, and load our scene.
Hosting your Bundles
You can host your asset bundles on any web server that gives you direct access to the files. I use Azures Blob container storage for mine, but you can host on AWS, cloudflare, or anywhere else you know how to setup (most of them are pretty easy to get going with).
Simply take the output that you had from the bundle build step, and copy those files into your web server.
Then make sure they're publicly accessible. How you do that will vary by platform, for Azure it's a simple menu item in the Storage Explorer.
Conclusions
In this post, I've covered the bare minimum basics of creating and loading an asset bundle to do an update. In most real world scenarios, your game and bundles will be quite a bit more complicated, but the concepts still carry through.
There are a few things you'll want to do differently when it comes to real sized assets on a device, like loading everything async (including scenes). As you get deeper into AssetBundles, you'll likely build up a mini-ecosystem of your own that handles things cleanly (but again that's too much to cover in a single post).
It's also more common to just load art assets and gameobjects instead of scenes. In-fact I'd bet most people never need or want to load a scene from a bundle, but instead just want to update their assets, or load data that configures the scene (can be much less bandwidth, but more work of course).
This is meant as a starting point and hopefully conveys the concepts so you can dig in deeper.
Followups
If you're interested in learning more about asset bundle loading, I highly recommend the following sources.
Unite Q&A on asset bundles (talks quite a bit about the Bundle Viewer asset you used above)
Asset Bundle Experiemental Forum
https://forum.unity3d.com/forums/asset-bundles.118/
Asset Bundle Fundamentals – Great info on bundles and how they work, including dependencies, loading and more.
https://unity3d.com/learn/tutorials/topics/best-practices/assetbundle-fundamentals
From the scenic waters of Lake Chelan in Washington state, comes a battle over big government that could sail all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court.
This issue is whether Cliff Courtney and his brothers, who live and operate a tourist resort in the isolated village of Stehekin, have a right to compete with a government-sanctioned ferry monopoly.
“Economic liberty, in this case, is the right to make a living,” says Cliff Courtney. “The lake is our maritime highway; it's our only access in.”
The only way to Stehekin is by float plane or ferry, which is owned by the Lake Chelan Boat Company. Two boats run the full length of the 50-mile lake once a day in the summer. During the off-season, service drops to one boat trip three days per week. The company's owner, Jack Raines, has so far successfully fought any and all competition.
“That would eat away at the profits of this company,” says Raines, “and make it more difficult for us to run in the winter.”
The ferry needs to have 25 passengers to break even. During the tourist season the two ferries, which can carry more than 400 passengers between them, are usually packed. But during the winter there are only a handful of days the ridership pays for all the expenses. The Courtneys argue if there was competition, services would be better and ridership would increase year-round, bringing in enough business for two companies to survive.
Allowing the monopoly is Washington's Utilities and Transportation Commission. Asked by the legislature recently to defend its position, the commission wrote, "a single, regulated provider can maintain service without the threat of having customers drawn away by a competing provider."
The Institute for Justice, which is arguing the Courtneys' case in the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals, says that violates the 14th Amendment and the Founding Fathers' principle of economic liberty.
“This case seeks to end not just Washington's attempt to monopolize ferry service on Lake Chelan,” says Michael Bindas of the Institute of Justice, “but all efforts by government to block or impose obstacles to entrepreneurs.”
Both sides agree some monopolies make sense, such as railroads and utilities. This fight is over bureaucrats picking winners and losers elsewhere at the expense of free markets and those pursuing the American Dream.
NEWARK, N.J. — New Jersey's law banning so-called gay conversion therapy is facing another court challenge, this time from a couple who claim their constitutional rights are being violated because the law prevents them from seeking treatment for their 15-year-old son.
The suit filed in federal court in Camden on Friday is at least the second to attack the law. A separate suit that names two licensed therapists among its plaintiffs awaits a judge's ruling, said Demetrios Stratis, an attorney involved in both cases.
The law signed by Gov. Chris Christie in August bars licensed therapists from trying to turn gay teenagers straight. At the time he signed it, Christie said the health risks of trying to change a child's sexual orientation, as identified by the American Psychological Association, outweigh concerns over the government setting limits on parental choice, though he added that government “should tread carefully into this area.”
Last year, California became the first state to pass a similar law, and a federal appeals court upheld it in August against a constitutional challenge.
The unidentified New Jersey couple claim in their suit that the law violates their rights to free speech and freedom of religion, as well as their 14th Amendment right to equal protection, by “denying minors the opportunity to pursue a particular course of action that can help them address the conflicts between their religious and moral values and same-sex attractions, behaviors or identity.”
Stratis said there is another, perhaps less abstract, rationale for stopping the law: The research it relies on is faulty or incomplete. An APA report on “appropriate therapeutic responses to sexual orientation” conceded that minors were underrepresented in the research and that there was a lack of scientifically sound research on the issue, the lawsuit claims.
“The Legislature, in enacting this legislation, relied on repo rts that this was harmful,” Stratis said. “We believe that the literature and reports are not accurate and what the legislation relied on is erroneous and that there are constitutional implications.”
Article continues below
According to the lawsuit, the teen suffers from “unwanted gender identity disorder and unwanted same-sex attractions” and has contemplated suicide. It goes on to describe how he “began to think he would like himself much better if he was a girl” and attempted to display female mannerisms and expressions. He also began to develop feelings of same-sex attractions at age 12 or 13, and that his depression worsened to the point that he began to have thoughts of killing himself “nearly all day long, every single day.”
“John Doe has a sincerely held religious belief and conviction that homosexuality is wrong and immoral, and he wanted to address that value conflict because his unwanted same-sex attractions and gender confusion are contrary to the fundamental religious value s that he holds,” the lawsuit contends.
The suit seeks a preliminary injunction to stop the law from being enforced plus “nominal damages” and attorneys' fees. A federal judge is scheduled to decide by Dec. 2 whether to grant the injunction.
A spokesman for the state attorney general's office said in an email that the office hadn't seen the complaint yet and declined to comment.
© 2013, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
Instability of the Middle East transcends Democrat-Republican or Labour-Tory divisions. Bush, Blair, Obama and Cameron all have blood on their hands, as the recent Chilcot inquiry showed.
Donald Trump has hit the headlines again for yet another ridiculous comment. Only a day after seeming to encourage the assassination of Hilary Clinton, he has upped the ante on his Obama-based rhetoric, calling the outgoing President the “founder of Isis”. He went on to suggest that Clinton was its “co-founder” at a rally in Sunrise, Florida. On first inspection, his comments appear to be part and parcel of the Trump propaganda machine, just another hiss of libelous sulphur from the business mogul. Indeed, his suggestion that Obama is a terrorist sympathiser is at best farcical, at worst heinously racist.
Yet behind the smog of dirty American election politics belies a harsh truth: America — and the rest of the West — is responsible for the creation and rise of Isis. Republicans have always held that the Obama administration is responsible for the instability in the Middle East. Donald Trump has merely gone a step further with shocking, attention-grabbing comments; nothing new, one might say.
The instability of the Middle East transcends Democrat-Republican or Labour-Tory divisions. Bush, Blair, Obama and Cameron all have blood on their hands, as the recent Chilcot inquiry showed. Indeed, while a multitude of factors contributed to the creation and rise of Isis, its roots lie in the 2003 invasion of Iraq. The fall of Saddam Hussein sparked an era of instability, the optimum conditions for jihadist opportunism.
A whistle-stop tour of Iraqi history since the invasion in March 2003 is a painful reminder of the West's responsibility. On April 9, Saddam's government was overthrown; George Bush declared, “Mission accomplished.” Well, darling, I don't think it was.
A few days later, Bush decreed the dissolution of the Iraqi Army. Overnight, at least 250,000 Sunni Iraqi men — armed, angry, and with military training — were suddenly humiliated and out of work.
As Saddam's statue fell to its knees in Baghdad's Firdos Square, one man in particular was filled with elation: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a militant Islamist, who would go on to lead AQI, the Iraqi arm of Al-Qaida and the predecessor to Isis. When he was killed by allied airstrikes in June 2006, Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi, the man now at the helm of Isis as we know it, took charge.
A Shia government came into power, headed by Nuri Al-Malaki. Bear in mind that Iraqis had lived under a Sunni dictatorship for 24 years. The power dynamic went through a sea change: The oppressed became the oppressors.
Fast forward to 2011 and we encounter the Arab Spring. Of course, the best time for America to withdraw their troops: smack bang in the middle of a widespread revolution. Between 2011 and June 2014 — when Isis took charge of Mosul — one single US Cabinet Minister visited Iraq. To that end, Obama is to blame.
In January 2014, Isis claimed Raqqa, declaring it as the capital of their Islamic State. A symbolic moment for the caliphate, you might say. But in an interview with the New York Times in the same month, Obama downplayed the threat posed by Isis, comparing them to “junior varsities who put on a Lakers shirt” and go around thinking they're Kobe Bryant. To that end, again, Obama is culpable.
Of course, this is a very brief account of a much more complicated issue But these events alone highlight that the West left a power vacuum in the Middle East and, in the words of Ryan Crocker, US Ambassador to Iraq from 2007 to 2009, subsequently withdrew its “influence and its interest”.
The West was reckless, be it Republicans, Democrats, Labour in the form of Tony Blair, or the Conservatives in the form of David Cameron.
Of course, no one foresaw the emergence of Isis; that is an unintended consequence of the war. But the causal connection between invasion and the rise in Isis cannot be downplayed. Around 380 terrorist attacks were carried out all over Iraq in the two years after the invasion.
Jihadism and Isis gave hundreds of thousands a cause to fight for. In short, the invasion made an entire class of people feel like they had nothing left to lose — or, perhaps, everything left to gain.
The Independent
07 OCT 3302
A spokesperson for the Sirius Corporation has revealed that the mega-corporation has deployed hundreds of deep-space probes and signalling technologies throughout the galaxy.
The spokesperson said: "Sending pilots into the void is fraught with danger. These probes can go further and faster than a human pilot, at much reduced cost and with, I daresay, more reliability. We've been working closely with the Mars High Astrocartography department on the probes' design."
"Human pilots are interested in sightseeing, chasing myths and 'making their mark' on the galactic stage. They get sidetracked. Our probes are immune to such distractions. At present, galactic exploration is conducted in a sporadic and improvisational way. Soon we will have far better coverage of the galaxy."
One independent pilot, who opted to remain anonymous, said: "There's something odd about this. I'd hazard a guess these probes have self-defence capabilities. I'll be giving them a wide berth."
Virtual reality (VR) technology is steadily seeping in to more and more mediums, from video games to short films, but some within the industry believe it will soon reach a much more mainstream audience through broadcast television.
While the recent focus on televisions has been on HD and 3D, the immersive nature of VR offers a seismic shift beyond what is currently available as a form of narrative.
This was one of the topics on the agenda at the inaugural SouthWest VR conference in Bristol this week, as put forward by Edward Miller, head of visuals at 360-degree video app Immersive.ly.
"We need to think beyond 16:9," Miller said. "Television and games are converging and we need to start looking at the new tools we've got."
Miller's views echo the thoughts of James Cummings and Jeremy Bailenson from Stanford University, whose recent study on the effect of immersive technology found that VR had far more impact than simply improving sound or visual quality.
"Results show that increased levels of user-tracking, the use of stereoscopic visuals, and wider fields of view of visual displays are significantly more impactful than improvements to most other immersive system features, including quality of visual and auditory content," the paper states.
Moving beyond the "wow effect"
Miller believes that virtual reality is still at the same "wow effect" stage that cinema was at more than a century ago, when images of trains approaching the camera were used to shock the audience. The question is whether the content can go beyond this novel amazement and be used as a new form of storytelling.
In order to adequately understand the potential of virtual reality, Miller has coined a new term: telehora. Like the telephone (hearing from a distance) or the television (seeing from a distance), telehora describes being able to actually experience something from a distance.
Miller and Immersive.ly brought the idea of telehora to news journalism by creating a 360-degree video on the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong. This was the first time a world news event was captured for the purpose of viewing with a virtual reality headset, such as the Oculus Rift or the Samsung Gear VR.
"The film breaks fresh journalistic ground by providing a news narrative, on a topic of world importance, using live-motion 360-degree video," Immersive.ly said on the film's webpage.
One of the major issues with using virtual reality headsets is the motion sickness they are known to cause. This is most prevalent when wearers of VR headsets experience a sudden switch from a stationary to a moving scene.
Miller claims that this is just something video producers will have to overcome in order to embrace this new immersive form of journalism, adapting to this limitation by developing new ways of telling stories without the need for sudden movements.
Rather than an obstacle, media organisations should look beyond live news coverage and use this medium to reinvent long-form journalism.
Ultimately it's hard to predict what consumers will want to do with this new technology, as VR is yet to breach the living room on any significant scale. It is unclear whether it will be a personal experience or something to share with friends and family, and whether it will be something users will want to do for a long time or just for a few minutes.
As Duncan Burbridge from Third Floor Inc questioned in his talk at the SouthWest VR conference: "How long is a sustainable length of time for a story to be told before people become too self-aware of being trapped in a virtual environment?
"It also remains to be seen how long it will take for virtual reality to make it into people's home – if at all."
We're into February already, which means it's time for our first roundup of 2015's best sounds so far. On our wintery journey, we start in a bitterly cold Turin as the clocks strike and fireworks herald the coming of 2015, and throughout the month we've explored New York City, Venice, Cardiff, Canterbury, Trento and even the incredible sea organ in Croatia.
Here are the top ten field recordings and reimagined sounds from January:
1. Zadar, Croatia: a duet with Croatia's sea organ
(recording by Russ Wainwright, memory version by Cities and Memory)
2. Venice, Italy: dreaming of the light at Palazzo Grassi
(by Cities and Memory)
3. New York, USA: angry drivers in New York City
(recording by Richard Matthews, memory version by Robert van Riel)
4. Turin, Italy: coffee cup breakbeats from Caffe San Carlo
(by Cities and Memory)
5. Turin, Italy: an infinite new year
(by Cities and Memory)
6. Cardiff, Wales: at war with Germany (via Cardiff Castle)
(recording by Cities and Memory, memory version by This Little Piggy)
7. Cardiff, Wales: medieval knights battle at Cardiff Castle
(by Cities and Memory)
8. Trento, Italy: an air raid in Trento
(recording by Luca Bertoldi, memory version by Cities and Memory)
9. Canterbury, England: electronica from a quintessential English park
(by Sam Rogerson)
10. Daventry, England: in the dreams of a wind turbine
(by Cities and Memory)
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Reddit
Email
Telegram
Skype
More
Pocket
Tumblr
Pinterest
Print
LinkedIn
I've come a long ways from complaining to the html5lib list that the Python version gratuitously used generators, making it hard to port to PHP. Having now drunk the laziness kool-aid in Haskell, I enjoy trying to make my code fit the generator idiom. While Python generators have notable downsides compared to infinite lazy lists (for example, forking them for multiple use is nontrivial), they're pretty nice.
Unfortunately, the majority of code I see that expects to see lists isn't robust enough to accept generators too, and it breaks my heart when I have to say list(generator) . I'll forgive you if you're expecting O(1) accesses of arbitrary indexes in your internal code, but all too often I see code that only needs sequential access, only to botch it all up by calling len() . Duck typing won't save you there.
The trick for making code generator friendly is simple: use the iteration interface. Don't mutate the list. Don't ask for arbitrary items. Don't ask for the length. This also is a hint that for range(0, len(l)) is absolutely the wrong way to traverse a list; if you need indices, use enumerate .
Update (September 1, 2012). Hilariously enough, PHP has finally gotten generators.
Here you can comment on news articles.
Alcyon Game Master
Posts: 618 Joined: Apr 01, 2016 23:17 by Alcyon » Nov 28, 2016 03:10
The hills have been quiet for ages. Abandoned and unkempt, yet peaceful. Many assumed the King was dead or a myth. While the civilians of Hibernia were asleep, they were awakened in the dead of night by a familiar tone. The roar of the Glimmer King. Cuuldurach has returned.
After years of gathering information, countless hours of implementation, we have managed to piece together our first Dragon. He is ready and available to test. However we encourage players to join during a scheduled test understaff member supervision so we can make appropriate adjustments and fixes if necessary.
We need a few samples of player raids to get an accurate feel for a live server Uthgard raid. This will be a thorough test and thus need players that are able to dedicate a reasonable amount of time [two to three hours] to allow adequate testing.
We can safely say to you that this is one of the final major issues blocking the relaunch and thus would love your help on completing this chapter of the BETA. We will be providing players with adequate equipment to make this test as suitable and seamless as possible. Players participating in the raid should create their chosen character in advance with the name used in the sign up below. This will allow us to provide you with the needed equipment to participate in the raid. Players should still equip themselves with the free items provided from the city merchants - we will handle the rest.
Gnome and Genjiro will meet those signed up for the raid on Monday 28th of November (today) at 20:00 CET . They will be with you to teleport you should you die and also provide you with the items needed.
We realise how last minute this is thus if we are unable to get enough names at such short notice we will do our best to re-schedule. We would like to run a second date on Friday the 2nd of December at 20:00 CET . If you would like to sign up to the Friday test please follow the procedure above but specify:
We have attached our sign up sheet below, the dragon raid will have to take place at this specific time and day in order to allow our staff members to be present to assist you. Should you wish to join the raid please reply to this forum thread using the example below:
#Signup Jimmy, Hero.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/ ... edit#gid=0
We will edit the Google document and add your names.
#Signup Jimmy, Hero - Friday 2nd.
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/ ... edit#gid=0
Many thanks,
Your Uthgard Staff Dear players!The hills have been quiet for ages. Abandoned and unkempt, yet peaceful. Many assumed the King was dead or a myth. While the civilians of Hibernia were asleep, they were awakened in the dead of night by a familiar tone. The roar of the Glimmer King. Cuuldurach has returned.After years of gathering information, countless hours of implementation, we have managed to piece together our first Dragon. He is ready and available to test. However we encourage players to join during a scheduled test understaff member supervision so we can make appropriate adjustments and fixes if necessary.We need a few samples of player raids to get an accurate feel for a live server Uthgard raid. This will be a thorough test and thus need players that are able to dedicate a reasonable amount of time [two to three hours] to allow adequate testing.We can safely say to you that this is one of the final major issues blocking the relaunch and thus would love your help on completing this chapter of the BETA. We will be providing players with adequate equipment to make this test as suitable and seamless as possible. Players participating in the raid should create their chosen character in advance with the name used in the sign up below. This will allow us to provide you with the needed equipment to participate in the raid. Players should still equip themselves with the free items provided from the city merchants - we will handle the rest.andwill meet those signed up for the raid on. They will be with you to teleport you should you die and also provide you with the items needed.We realise how last minute this is thus if we are unable to get enough names at such short notice we will do our best to re-schedule. We would like to run a second date on. If you would like to sign up to the Friday test please follow the procedure above but specify:We have attached our sign up sheet below, the dragon raid will have to take place at this specific time and day in order to allow our staff members to be present to assist you. Should you wish to join the raid please reply to this forum thread using the example below:#Signup Jimmy, Hero.We will edit the Google document and add your names.#Signup Jimmy, Hero - Friday 2nd.Many thanks,Your Uthgard Staff People coming together as a community can make great things happen.
Alisdair INVADER Posts: 0 Joined: Jun 06, 2016 19:53 by Alisdair » Nov 28, 2016 03:31 With all due respect. I can't help but to feel like these are "countless hours" that would be better spent on working towards a release. The game has never been about PvE anyways.
The dragon is a great addition to the game, however it will be weeks or even months before enough players are ready to take it on. I don't see why this project should not have been put on the back burner. Open the server, and work on it. Implementing it much later.
Grumble grumble..
/rant off
Still looking forward to the server opening, but it is an open forum. A lot of things worthy of praise here, but criticism as well.
Cipherr Myrmidon Posts: 82 Joined: Jun 12, 2016 08:06 by Cipherr » Nov 28, 2016 03:45
I love the PvE of the game. Dragons are super important to folks like me man.
Edit: Yall need to put this on the front page, I nearly missed this.
Edit2: Looks like I just caught this post early, its already on the homepage now ^^^I love the PvE of the game. Dragons are super important to folks like me man.Edit: Yall need to put this on the front page, I nearly missed this.Edit2: Looks like I just caught this post early, its already on the homepage now Last edited by Cipherr on Nov 28, 2016 04:48, edited 1 time in total.
Alisdair INVADER Posts: 0 Joined: Jun 06, 2016 19:53 by Alisdair » Nov 28, 2016 03:53 Cipherr wrote: ^^^
I love the PvE of the game. Dragons are super important to folks like me man.
Edit: Yall need to put this on the front page, I nearly missed this.
I love the game. I wouldn't say i love the PvE. I like the teamwork it takes to do PvE. i just think dragons should be a bit further down the list, when there are people (once again) losing interest in the project.
I've been telling my friend that they should get into it, and a lot of them are ready to go..and we're still waiting. You have to strike when the iron is hot. There was a lot of interest in this server 2 years ago. Now, not so much..
I'd love to be able to play this game with my younger brother, but its getting harder to persuade him when every time he asks me if "that game" is still in Beta, and i have to tell him yes.
"Let me know when its out of Beta" is the response i'm getting when i try to promote this server. I'm trying to recruit people here, and the delays are making that difficult. I love the game. I wouldn't say i love the PvE. I like the teamwork it takes to do PvE. i just think dragons should be a bit further down the list, when there are people (once again) losing interest in the project.I've been telling my friend that they should get into it, and a lot of them are ready to go..and we're still waiting. You have to strike when the iron is hot. There was a lot of interest in this server 2 years ago. Now, not so much..I'd love to be able to play this game with my younger brother, but its getting harder to persuade him when every time he asks me if "that game" is still in Beta, and i have to tell him yes."Let me know when its out of Beta" is the response i'm getting when i try to promote this server. I'm trying to recruit people here, and the delays are making that difficult.
Hojo1 Myrmidon Posts: 120 Joined: Feb 23, 2011 21:37 by Hojo1 » Nov 28, 2016 04:07 You mean Monday the 28th Correct, Not 29th considering you put today in there.
Just wanted to make sure.
Rukc Warder Posts: 16 Joined: Mar 22, 2015 22:39 by Rukc » Nov 28, 2016 05:13 So is this only Hib dragon your testing I only have Mids or are you doing all 3 at same time I am confused Sorry would love to help no matter what just unsure of how to change realms if I have to
tamiko Warder Posts: 35 Joined: Mar 05, 2013 11:32 by tamiko » Nov 28, 2016 05:41 them moving on towards dragon testing suggests housing is finished, and aside from dragons, there are only acouple of epic lines still in need of looking at. would be crazy if we saw a late december/early january release :p
Cirdan Eagle Knight Posts: 527 Joined: May 19, 2016 22:48 by Cirdan » Nov 28, 2016 06:09 Rukc wrote: So is this only Hib dragon your testing I only have Mids or are you doing all 3 at same time I am confused Sorry would love to help no matter what just unsure of how to change realms if I have to
Only Hib dragon at first, when we polish it we can move it's changes over to the others.
You can easily change realms while in beta and you can make instant 50s for testing.
Go to Only Hib dragon at first, when we polish it we can move it's changes over to the others.You can easily change realms while in beta and you can make instant 50s for testing.Go to https://uthgard.org/account/ and click the tab "Realm Transfers". Ignore the bit about it taking 7 days. http://www.craftsage.com/probability.html
Synderen Myrmidon Posts: 117 Joined: Jan 14, 2008 01:00 by Synderen » Nov 28, 2016 09:26 Hell yeah. Lets do this!
To all the cry babies on this forum: If you do not participate in these arranged tests, then you have absolutely no rights to say a word about release date coming late!
#Signup Steffen, BM.
Azoazial Myrmidon Posts: 104 Joined: Apr 28, 2016 14:36 by Azoazial » Nov 28, 2016 09:26
Got 1 question tho. Never played much Hib, and only killed dragon on Mid, så I have no idea where to go #Signup Jacob/Nuhsa, Druid Healer/Buffer.Got 1 question tho. Never played much Hib, and only killed dragon on Mid, så I have no idea where to go
Genjiro Developer
Posts: 1419 Joined: Jun 09, 2016 21:26 by Genjiro » Nov 28, 2016 09:33 Azoazial wrote: Got 1 question tho. Never played much Hib, and only killed dragon on Mid, så I have no idea where to go :D
Do not worry! I will help testers to get there.
Just make sure to switch your account-realm (if necessary) and create/equip your toon. Do not worry! I will help testers to get there.Just make sure to switch your account-realm (if necessary) and create/equip your toon.
Coloured text represents my personal opinion and is not associated with Uthgard Staff nor is it an official statement. News || Getting Started || Rules || Issue Tracker
Synderen Myrmidon Posts: 117 Joined: Jan 14, 2008 01:00 by Synderen » Nov 28, 2016 09:41 Genjiro wrote: Azoazial wrote: Got 1 question tho. Never played much Hib, and only killed dragon on Mid, så I have no idea where to go Got 1 question tho. Never played much Hib, and only killed dragon on Mid, så I have no idea where to go
Do not worry! I will help testers to get there.
Just make sure to switch your account-realm (if necessary) and create/equip your toon. Do not worry! I will help testers to get there.Just make sure to switch your account-realm (if necessary) and create/equip your toon.
Do you have any requirements for specs of the different classes? Do you have any requirements for specs of the different classes?
Emerson Guardian Posts: 1 Joined: Nov 28, 2016 10:03 by Emerson » Nov 28, 2016 10:07 I am signing up:
#Signup Uzkrak, Blademaster. for Monday 28th
The United States has confirmed that ISIS commander Omar al-Shishani, also known as "Omar the Chechen," is dead, CBS News' David Martin reports.
According to officials, he survived an initial attack carried out in the beginning of March, but has since died of his wounds, Martin reports. A U.S. official previously said an attack was carried out March 4 by multiple waves of planes and drone aircraft.
Al-Shishani, whose real name was Tarkhan Batirashvili, was described as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) equivalent of a Secretary of Defense. He was an ethnic Chechen from the former Soviet Republic of Georgia.
The U.S. government had a longstanding $5-million bounty for information leading to his being brought to justice.
In announcing the strike last week, Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook said it occurred near al-Shaddadeh, a former ISIS stronghold that was captured in February by the U.S.-backed, predominantly Kurdish Syria Democratic Forces. He said the ISIS leader held numerous senior military positions within the group, including "minister of war," and was based in Raqqa, Syria.
U.S. strikes ISIS targets in Libya, killing dozens
Cook said that at the time of the strike al-Shishani was in al-Shaddadeh to bolster ISIS fighters who had suffered a series of defeats at the hands of local forces supported by the U.S.
Al-Shishani is one of hundreds of Chechens who have been among the toughest jihadi fighters in Syria. He is an ethnic Chechen from the Caucasus nation of Georgia, specifically from the Pankisi Valley, a center of Georgia's Chechen community and once a stronghold for militants.
Cook described him as a "battle-tested leader" with experience in numerous clashes in Iraq and Syria. He said that his loss would hurt ISIS' ability to recruit foreign fighters, especially those from Chechnya and the Caucus region.
The senior defense official who provided details about the March 4 airstrike said the Chechen had joined the Georgian military in 2006 and fought against Russian troops in 2008 in the South Ossetia region of Georgia. He was discharged from the Georgian army in 2010 for medical reasons, the defense official said, and in 2012 left Georgia for Istanbul, Turkey. From there he went to Syria and commanded rebel forces against Syrian government forces.
He joined ISIS in 2013, the official said, and at one point oversaw a prison run by the group in al-Tabqa near Raqqa, where ISIS may have held foreign hostages. In May 2013 he was appointed northern commander for ISIS with authority over the group's military operations and forces in northern Syria.
The Bristol Cable
READ MORE FROM
THE 12TH EDITION
Earlier this year we exposed the underpayment and poor working conditions at the Lopresti ice cream and property business. The allegations keep coming in.
Words: Adam Cantwell-Corn
Photos: Rita Dizome
Workplace exploitation and £2.50 per hour wages, unsafe accommodation, withheld deposits and intimidation. All of these come served with a flake and chocolate sauce at SM Lopresti & Sons ice cream, the Bedminster based ice cream vendor.
Cable investigations over two years (See edition 11) have uncovered potentially illegal and immoral practices spanning decades at the ice cream and property business. So far there has not been public action by the authorities, although the Bristol Cable will keep the pressure up. Representatives of SM Lopresti & Sons have not responded to a request for comment.
(Please see below for a correction)
13 So far 13 former tenants and employees have come forward with serious and verifiable accusations. The complaints arise from the ice cream business and some of the 19 properties verifiably owned by family members who also work for SM Lopresti & Sons. Can you help us get more testimonies? Contact us in confidence at content@thebristolcable.org / 07729 124080. Going undercover: Wages paid vs wages owed to Cable undercover reporter for 27 hours worked Paid: £92.30 Owed: £208.28
Bravely blowing the whistle on unacceptable practices. Former workers and tenants speak out* “I regret I was not one of the persons brave enough to face it when it happened to me and another two members of my family. But I had a lot to lose at that time and they are good at threatening.” Margarita, a former tenant and employee of the Lopresti business on the illegal payment, poor conditions and abuse “He [Sam Lopresti] would just shout at you all the time…and have a go at you for every little thing.” Mike, former employee
“I worked 50 hours last year and have not received a penny although I have asked a number of times.”
Charlie, former employee
“When I told him [Sam Lopresti] I had enough and was leaving he agreed to meet me in the property to collect the keys and sort the deposit out, [but] he never arrived”
Mikaela, former tenant
“If we called about an issue with the house, they would often become aggressive to try and intimidate us and get us to drop the complaint.”
James, former tenant
*All names have been changed
Lopresti ice cream vans around Bristol
Would you like a flake with the unpaid wages?
The Cable sincerely apologises for the following mistake: In Issue 12 of the magazine we mistakenly featured photographs of two ice cream vans that do not belong to SM Lopresti & Sons. There is no connection between the vans labelled “Salvatore's” and “Lilo & Sons” to the allegations regarding the SM Lopresti & Sons business.
Taking a nice stroll with friends and family this glorious summer? You may be tempted by one of the 12 Lopresti ice cream vans positioned in some prime Bristol spots – eight of which we've pictured here (not all of them bearing the family name as the “Lopresti” stickers are being removed following the investigation!). Considering the track record of the business, maybe you'll think again!
On November 6, 2012, Trump tweeted, "The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive."
Over a year later, Trump tweeted in response to weather reports, "Snowing in Texas and Louisiana, record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!"
And Trump's doubts have continued into the campaign season.
Last September, when he was seeking the Republican nomination, that while he supports clean air and water, "I am not a believer in climate change."
Trump went on to refute the connection between climate change and a rise in extreme weather phenomenon.
"Weather changes," Trump said. "And you have storms, and you have rain, and you have beautiful days, but I do not believe that we should imperil the companies within our country. And by the way, China is doing nothing." In March, Trump took a more nuanced approach, telling a Washington Post editorial board that he doesn't believe climate change is the result of man-made causes.
"I think there's a change in weather," he said. "I am not a great believer in man-made climate change. I'm not a great believer."
And while Trump has repeated the hoax line on multiple occasions, he's walked back the assertion that it was created by the Chinese, saying he meant that as a joke ... sort of.
"I often joke that this is done for the benefit of China," Trump said on Fox News' "Fox & Friends." "Obviously, I joke, but this is done for the benefit of China, because China does not do anything to help climate change."
While Trump doubts the validity of climate change, his company has prepared for it. According to a Politico report, Trump International Golf Links applied for a permit to build a sea wall at his golf course in Ireland to protect it from "global warming and its effects."
Our verdict: True . While Trump has wavered on the cause of climate change, he has repeatedly denied its existence and called it a hoax.
Kellyanne Conway, counselor to President Donald Trump, found herself in controversy this week after she cited the "Bowling Green Massacre" as an example of refugees coming to America and inciting terrorism during an interview defending Trump's recent executive order on immigration and refugees.
However, the "Bowling Green Massacre" never happened — and mainstream media outlets were quick to point that out. Conway, she later clarified, was referencing the Bowling Green terrorists, two Iraqi refugees who were sentenced in 2013 for admitting to attacking U.S. soldiers in Iraq in addition to attempting to send weapons to Al Qaeda.
Still, Conway's clarification didn't stop Chelsea Clinton, daughter of Bill and Hillary, from taking a jab at her.
Writing on Twitter Friday, addressing the recent attempted terror attack at Paris' Louvre museum, Clinton instructed her followers to not "make up" attacks" — an obvious jab at Conway.
"Very grateful no one seriously hurt in the Louvre attack ...or the (completely fake) Bowling Green Massacre. Please don't make up attacks," Clinton wrote.
The tweet has been retweeted more than 35,000 times and "liked" nearly 100,000 times.
But while Clinton didn't mention Conway or direct the tweet to her, Conway knew Clinton was taking a jab at her. Conway was quick to respond — and remind Clinton of one of her mother's famous lies.
"Bosnia lies a Great reminder," Conway wrote back, referencing the time Hillary Clinton lied about landing in a helicopter in Bosnia under sniper fire in 1996 when she was first lady.
Then Conway dropped a bomb on Clinton, reminding her that Hillary lost to Trump in last year's presidential election.
"And 2 @ChelseaClinton & others, you can't "invent" quality candidates either," Conway wrote. "I misspoke; you lost the election."
Plum entered the game needing 53 points to match the record. She entered the fourth quarter needing 16. By the four-minute mark, Plum had scored more points than any woman in NCAA history.
Kelsey Plum woke up Saturday without much of a voice and feeling under the weather.
The Washington Huskies star wasn't thinking this would be the day she'd become the all-time scoring leader in NCAA women's basketball. She was more concerned about grabbing bites of applesauce during timeouts.
But then, Plum has always had a flair for the dramatic.
Pouring in a career-high 57 points that carried No. 11 Washington to an 84-77 victory, the 5-foot-8 senior point guard from Poway, Calif., surpassed former Southwest Missouri State standout Jackie Stiles on the career scoring list on a day unlike any other at Alaska Airlines Arena in front of 6,775.
“In the most respectful way possible, I'm glad it's over,” Plum said. “It was getting to a point where it was starting to be disheartening in a way because people expect so much.
“I understand. I'm grateful for it. We're going to talk about it and give it credit. But now that it's behind us, I'm grateful for that too.”
Perhaps fittingly, she delivered a performance for the ages on UW's Senior Day, which paid tribute to the team's four seniors (Chantel Osahor, Katie Collier, Heather Corral and Plum) during a postgame ceremony.
“It was pretty special,” Plum said when asked about breaking the record. “It was kind of icing on the cake. Getting the win on Senior Night with my family here. And then that ceremony after just kind of put it into perspective. This was an amazing day.”
It had become a fait accompli that Plum, the nation's scoring leader who entered the game averaging 30.7 points, would break Stiles' record at some point this season.
But few believed she would do it Saturday.
Certainly not her mother Katie, who made the trip to Seattle with about a dozen family members and friends.
“I didn't see this coming, but I'm so happy it happened today because most of the family is here and they wouldn't be around next week,” Katie Plum said. “To be able to do it here is so special because she loves this building. So to do it in this city and in front of these fans, she couldn't have written a better script.”
Plum began the regular-season finale against Utah needing 53 points – eight more than her previous personal best — to catch Stiles.
The UW star had 10 points in the first period and 22 by halftime, when the Huskies led 40-35.
After three periods she was at 38 — 16 from the record — and conditions were ripe for a history-making performance.
With eight minutes left, Utah closed within eight points (62-54) when UW star Chantel Osahor (14 points and 11 rebounds) fouled out.
That's when Plum took over the game and did what she's always done during her spectacular four-year career: She scored. And scored and scored.
“I was in the flow of the game,” said Plum, who scored 19 points in the fourth. “When Chantel got into foul trouble, I knew I had to be aggressive. My teammates were awesome. They were trying to find me and set screens whenever they could.”
Every time Plum got the ball in the fourth period, the crowd collectively held its breath and watched in amazement as she zipped around defenders for layups or pulled up for three-pointers.
“Utah knew what we were doing, they knew we were going to set a ball screen at some point and time and Kelsey was going to drive it,” UW coach Mike Neighbors said. “And you still can't stop it. When you can do that, that is that zone I've heard people talk about.
“We weren't going to call a play that was going to go anywhere other than making sure she got a chance to make the decision.”
Plum converted 19 of 28 field goals, including 6 of 11 three-pointers. She was 13 of 16 on free throws and finished with eight rebounds in 39 minutes.
The Huskies needed scoring in the final minutes, but Plum also understood the bigger context of what was happening because teammates — particularly Osahor — kept a running tally of what she needed to break the record.
“My teammates wanted me to be super-aggressive,” Plum said. “They kept feeding me the ball and coach kept calling my number. I wasn't exactly sure like points-wise, but I knew that it was getting closer and closer.”
With 4:57 remaining, Plum scooped in a layup on the right side of the basket that gave her 53 points and tied Stiles.
Seconds later, she darted through the lane and sank an off-balance lefty floater over 6-foot-3 forward Wendy Anae at the 4:06 mark that moved her past Stiles.
“Golly, I didn't think I was going to shoot it on that play,” Plum said. “I knew the shot clock was starting to go down. I just tried to get my feet under me real quick and put it up there and it went in. I was like, OK, we can win this game.”
The basket put Washington up 79-61 and sent the crowd into a frenzy. Utah (16-13, 5-13 in Pac-12), which received 22 points from Paige Crozon, rallied after that but Plum was too good.
The win keeps the Huskies (27-4, 15-3) in the hunt for a share of the Pac-12 title, but they need Oregon State (26-3, 15-2) to lose to California on Sunday.
Plum left Saturday's contest with 44 seconds remaining. Her 57 points were the most points scored at Alaska Airlines Arena in a men's or women's game. It was also a Pac-12 women's record and three shy of the NCAA women's mark.
“You don't do something like this by yourself, and hopefully I make that very clear,” Plum said. “This is an individual record, but it's broken by a village of people. It's broken by every teammate that I've ever had. Every coach that I've ever played for. Every trainer and doctor. My parents. My sister. My brother. It's this university. It's the support I've been given. I'm very grateful.”
Before walking off the court, Plum waved, blew kisses to the fans and repeatedly said, “Thank you, guys,” while Alicia Keys' “This Girl Is On Fire” blared over the loudspeakers.
After the game, congratulations poured in from all over the sports world.
Stiles sent the new record-holder a text that read: “I just wanted to tell u how amazing I think u and your game are! Well deserved and make sure u enjoy every second of this journey you're on, u deserve it! Keep getting buckets! Rooting u on from afar! Your #1 fan, Jackie #10.”
WINTER HAVEN, Fla. - A Central Florida woman made a bomb threat in an attempt to keep her boyfriend from submitting a urine sample at a probation office, according to police.
[LISTEN TO 911 CALL AT BOTTOM OF STORY]
Winter Haven police say Deniz Martinez, 31, called 911 on Tuesday, saying a man outside the office was going to "blow the building up."
Investigators determined the cellphone number belonged to Martinez, who drove her boyfriend, Jason Drake, 38, to the office earlier in the day.
Officials say he wasn't able to provide the urine sample and was required to stay there until he submitted a sufficient sample.
Officers say they tracked down Martinez, and she acknowledged making the call.
Martinez was charged with making a false report about a bomb.
Drake was arrested, accused of a probation violation.
Records don't indicate whether either have a lawyer.
Copyright 2016 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved.
Boston Globe: “tone of her telling … appears to be inconsistent” with prior “lighthearted manner in which she described the same incident”
On Meet the Press last Sunday, Elizabeth Warren recounted an incident from her early professor days about a senior professor who allegedly sexually harassed her by lunging after her and chasing her around the desk in his office.
The NY Daily News reported on Warren's story:
Warren recalled a former colleague early in her career asking her into his office and making a move for her. She remembered him “chasing me around the desk, trying to get his hands on me.” Despite her pleas, he kept coming for her, so she made a quick escape for the door. “I went back to my office and I just sat and shook,” Warren said, “And thought, ‘What had I done to bring this on?'” Warren didn't tell anyone about it except her best friend and that “for a long time, I wore a lot of brown.”
Here's the transcript from the Meet the Press website:
SEN. ELIZABETH WARREN: Yes, I have a “me, too” story too. I was a baby law professor and so excited to have my first real teaching job. And there was this senior faculty member who, you know, would tell dirty jokes and make comments about my appearance. And one day he asked me if I would stop by his office, which I didn't think much about. And I did. And he slammed the door and lunged for me. It was like a bad cartoon. He's chasing me around the desk, trying to get his hands on me. And I kept saying, “You don't want to do this. You don't want to do this. I have little children at home. Please don't do this.” And trying to talk calmly. And at the same time, what was flickering through my brain is, “If he gets hold of me, I'm going to punch him right in the face.” SEN. ELIZABETH WARREN: After several rounds, I jumped for the door and got out. And I went back to my office and I just sat and shook. And thought, “What had I done to bring this on?” And I told my best friend about it. Never said a word to anyone else. But for a long time, I wore a lot of brown. SEN. ELIZABETH WARREN: What it means now that so many people have spoken out, is it's a way to say, “We're here for each other.” And it's also a way to say, “No. It's not about what you did. He's the one who stepped out of line. And this is on him.”
Because of my extensive dealings reporting on Warren's false claim to be Native American and misleading statements regarding her law practice representing major corporations, I viewed Warren's statement with caution. She is the master of taking a kernel of truth (such as that there was some family talk of Native American heritage) and spinning it into a larger life narrative (that she was Native American).
But I have to say, even as a Warren-skeptic, I'm surprised at how quickly Warren's Me Too story has been cast into doubt.
Jules Crittendon at The Boston Herald, which broke the story in late April 2012 of Warren's claim to be Native American at Harvard, reports, Liz Warren's ‘MeToo' flip-flopped old tale:
U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren reportedly switched up her account of sexual harassment that she relayed this weekend in a televised #MeToo testimonial from an earlier “light-hearted” version…. But the Boston Globe reported last night that Warren recounted the same incident in a “more light-hearted manner” at a memorial service after the professor's death in 1997 — an account the Globe noted was “inconsistent” with her story on Sunday. “During the service after his death in 1997, Warren spoke fondly of law professor Eugene Smith and told the gathered mourners she was laughing as Smith chased her around his desk, according to a colleague's memoir,” the Globe reported. The author of the memoir, John Mixon, told the paper, “I may have been wrong saying she was laughing,” adding that he was writing about the service 15 years after the fact. The paper also noted that Warren failed to mention on “Meet The Press” that Smith had polio. The Globe said Warren told the broadsheet yesterday she shared the story at the memorial service as a statement about Smith's authority. “It was 20 years later, and he didn't have power over me any more,” Warren told the newspaper, which noted she was by then a Harvard law professor.
Here's more detail on how the Globe reported it, This isn't the first time Warren spoke about that office incident:
When Senator Elizabeth Warren on Sunday told a national television audience a personal story of sexual harassment from her days as a young law professor, she described a harrowing incident that left her shaken. She said that she wondered if she'd done something to deserve it and that she told no one but a close friend. But the tone of her telling, recounted on NBC'S “Meet the Press,'' appears to be inconsistent with the reportedly more lighthearted manner in which she described the same incident two decades after it occurred, during the memorial service for the senior University of Houston faculty member she accused of pursuing her around his office…. She did not directly answer when asked if she spoke fondly of Smith at his memorial or if she told mourners she was laughing as Smith tried to grab her in his office. “I made it clear that I was just fine,” was all she said. The contrasting accounts would appear to highlight the evolution of Warren's approach to dealing with the episode. That evolution took
place amid changing attitudes about harassment and increasing empowerment of women to speak up…. Warren told “Meet the Press'' that the incident left her shaking and shocked and that she told only her best friend what had happened. “Never said a word to anyone else,” she said. She did not mention that Smith had suffered from polio, which affected his mobility, nor did she mention she spoke at his service. Warren told the Globe Monday she was conflicted about speaking at Smith's service. He had asked her to do so while he was dying, she said.
At the service, Warren “described Gene's chasing her around the desk in uncontrolled lust while she laughed, equally uncontrolled, as she avoided his crab-like grasp,” John Mixon, a former colleague of Warren's at the University of Houston Law Center, wrote in a 577-page book, called “Autobiography of a Law School,” a memoir that chronicles the law school's history. Warren told the Globe she made the trip to the memorial service “because I was fine, and I didn't want anyone to think I wasn't,” she said. She added that she hadn't seen Mixon's description of her relationship with Smith before the Globe inquired about it, but she pointed to a phrase — “she would have none of it” — that Mixon used to describe her attitude toward Smith's advances.
It must have been hard for the Globe to call attention to this change in the story. The Globe was extremely favorable to Warren during the 2012 Senate campaign running cover on the Native American scandal, and has helped build up Warren's current narrative of religious devotion.
This is classic Warren. There appears to be a kernel of truth – something happened with the old polio-stricken professor, but what Warren once viewed in a light-hearted almost-laughable manner now becomes a major part of her life and political narrative, because it's politically opportune to portray it that way now.
(h/t commenter Massinsanity)
As of 3:55am tomorrow morning BBC Three will no longer be available as a linear TV channel. The long-expected switch-off will happen at the end of today's scheduled programming, culminating in a mid-season repeat of Gavin and Stacey.
As one of the youth-oriented channel's biggest successes it's maybe fitting for the Jones and Corden comedy to be seeing out the last half hour of linear programming before BBC Three switches over to an exclusively online-only service.
Though the fact it's a repeat of a repeat shown earlier that evening is also pretty indicative of what the channel was offering.
"We're reinventing our offer for young people, but I want to be clear that this is just the start," said channel controller, Damian Kavanagh. He was speaking at a recent event to preview the new online version of the channel.
Supply and on-demand
Although it may seem like a retrograde step - shutting down the live broadcast channel - it actually makes more sense for a channel that's supposed to be dedicated to reflecting youth culture, as it embraces the on-demand platform exclusively.
Recent reports have pointed to a steady decline in the amount of content consumed via traditional linear TV channels - and it's continuing to drop too. There are predictions that by next year linear TV could account for as little as a third of our TV viewing.
And those figures are even lower if you're looking at younger demographics where on-demand and mobile content is king.
"We will iterate, refine, adapt and I ask that you guys come on this adventure with us. Some things won't work, but we have the capability to change tack very, very quickly; this is what's most exciting about the new BBC3," explained Kavanagh.
This more adaptive nature could see the 'channel' keep more on trend and up to date with the culture it's supposed to be reflecting.
Interestingly there are already plans afoot should this latest move for BBC Three not work out. BBC is reportedly considering merging BBC Three and Radio 1 under one 'youth division' with one controller running both properties together.
Here at The Watch, we've frequently noted how difficult it can be for victims of police brutality and misconduct to recover any sort of compensation. Given the opaqueness with which police agencies are allowed to operate, the various “police officer bill of rights” laws, the qualified immunity afforded to police and the sovereign immunity enjoyed by states, cities and counties, it's rare that police abuse lawsuits ever get in front of a jury. When a case does get that far, juries tend to be reluctant to rule against law enforcement officers. Only the more egregious cases tend to result in compensation, and even then, it's usually due to political pressure on the city or county to offer a settlement before trial.
All of which makes what's going on in Cleveland all the more reprehensible. Writing in the Cleveland Scene, Kyle Swenson draws attention to the case of Kenny Smith, whose family won a rare jury award of $5.5 million. Smith was killed by an off-duty police officer outside of a bar.
But thanks to some crafty moves from the city's law department, Smith's moment of justice might never come. Across the country, piggy bank-busting civil judgments have become the best way to keep police and municipalities honest in cases of officer misconduct. From 2004 to 2014, for instance, Cleveland shelled out $10.5 million in settlement money to victims of badly behaving cops. Under state law and the terms of the union contract, chronically cash-strapped Cleveland indemnifies officers in the cases where they've been personally found liable, meaning ultimately, taxpayers foot the bill for an officer's misconduct. But now, in the two largest civil judgments currently sitting on the books — one being Kenny Smith's death; the other a sloppy and malicious murder investigation that railroaded an innocent man — the city has pulled a move that one veteran civil rights lawyer calls “wrong, immoral, disingenuous and unethical.” In both cases, the Cleveland law department used city funds to pay for cops saddled with judgments to move into personal bankruptcy. It's a calculated effort, according to the attorneys fighting the move, for the city to skip out on their responsibilities to pay the judgments. … Just as mayor Frank Jackson, clutching the Department of Justice's 2014 consent decree, promised citywide soul-searching on police reform, Cleveland's law department is messing with civil matters that have already been decided by a jury. And the implications aren't only local. “This provides a road map for any municipality that wants to evade their obligations,” says Ruth Brown, a Chicago attorney currently locked in legal judo with Cleveland over the issue. “We fully expect that if Cleveland is allowed to get away with this, they will try this again.”
Normally in such cases, the city indemnifies police officers — since the officers are employees of the city, the city covers the award. In rare cases, a city will ask a court to release them from indemnification, but that's generally limited to misconduct so egregious that the officers are found to have been acting outside the scope of their official duties. (An example might be a cop who, say, blackmails a suspect, or rapes someone while on duty.) Swenson cites a 2014 study that found cops were indemnified in 99.98 percent of cases the researcher surveyed.
Cleveland appears to refusing to indemnify these officers, then paying for their legal and filing fees so that they can declare bankruptcy. The city apparently hopes that this will take the awards off the books. It's a crafty bit of legal maneuvering. It's also a betrayal of both the public trust and a second betrayal of the victims in these cases. A man's life was wrongly taken from him. Another man lost a decade of his life due to a wrongful conviction caused by the illegal actions of a Cleveland police officer. And all of this comes after a jaw-dropping report from the Justice Department finding pervasive and systematic abuse, widespread civil rights violations, routine use of force that violates the Constitution and virtually no accountability. The Justice Department report found the city's police department to be lacking in almost every area it investigated. And that report, published a little over a year ago, follows a similar report from a decade ago. And of course, this is all happening as the shooting death of 12-year-old Tamir Rice has made the city a focal point of the national debate over police reform.
In theory, civil rights lawsuits serve two purposes: They make victims whole, and they deter similar violations from occurring in the future. The hope is that substantial awards in these cases will spur political pressure on public officials to change the policies that allowed the rights violations to happen. The deterrent doesn't seem to be particularly effective, except in a few cases in which large settlements have prompted a city's municipal insurer to demand changes under the threat of terminating coverage. There are a lot of reasons for that, but I suspect it's mostly because elected officials calculate that the pushback from police unions and police agencies against any proposed reforms is a far worse political headache than earmarking a few million dollars in each annual budget to pay off the victims of police abuse.
That's what happens in most places, and it's disturbing. But what Cleveland is doing is far more sinister. There's also an argument to be made that indemnification insulates individual actors from any real accountability. There's certainly a lot of evidence for that argument. Over the past few years, we've seen lots of reports about cities that pay out millions of dollars each year to compensate victims of police abuse, while almost never holding cops accountable for misconduct, even in cases of egregious abuse or repeat offenders. One idea I've seen suggested is to end both indemnification and qualified immunity but make police officers purchase personal liability insurance. In theory, this would eliminate a lot of the political barriers to police reform and impose real consequences for misconduct. In practice, it isn't difficult to envision the problems that might accompany a system that would essentially hand policing policy over to the insurance industry.
For now, we have the system we have. It's certainly flawed, but what's happening in Cleveland isn't just unfair; if it's allowed to happen, it means that the system no longer even aspires to fairness or justice. The city is not only shirking responsibility for the policies and lack of oversight that allowed these abuses to happen, but it's also actively seeking to deny the victims the compensation that the justice system has determined they deserve. It's just outrageous.
At least with the current system, a victim with a case strong enough to merit a settlement or judgment is made whole. The city pays. That provides at least a little bit of an incentive to fix the problem. Eventually, a city will either have to deal with rogue cops and implement better policies or continue to pay out millions. Cops who are found guilty of abuse or misconduct are less effective witnesses. The incentives aren't strong enough, but they at least exist.
As Swenson points out, the same lawyers representing the city of Cleveland are representing the individual officers in their bankruptcy cases. The decision of whether to indemnify an officer can spur — and has spurred — litigation between officers and the governments that employ them. It seems like some awfully shady ethics for the same attorneys to be representing the city and the officers after the decision not to indemnify. It certainly gives the appearance of some sort of arrangement. And it isn't difficult to see how other city officials adopting this policy could, say, promise to not press criminal charges, to let an officer keep his or her job, or to not stand in the way of an officer working elsewhere in exchange for an agreement to declare bankruptcy and release the city from indemnification. The result: Even the relatively weak incentive for change that these payouts provide is removed. The individual cops responsible even for misconduct severe enough to merit a judgment escape serious punishment. And the victims are never made whole. It's the worst of all possible outcomes.
I'm not a lawyer, but this also feels like bankruptcy fraud. Or if it isn't, it ought to be. At best, it's a second violation of people whose lives have already been ruined by government abuse and an utter abandonment of the idea that public officials serve the public.
If I lived, voted and paid taxes in Cleveland, I don't know if I'd be more angry or embarrassed.
Ocsigen Start and Ocsigen Toolkit reach 1.0!
Written by The Ocsigen Team on February 09, 2017
The Ocsigen team is very happy to announce the first release of two major new projects:
Ocsigen Start: a Web/mobile application skeleton written with Js_of_ocaml and Eliom. You can use this skeleton as a basis for your own app, or to learn Web/mobile app development in OCaml.
Ocsigen Toolkit: a set of responsive widgets for your mobile and Web applications in OCaml.
Both projects are available via OPAM and released under the LGPL.
Before installing, you can try out a demo of Ocsigen Start. The demo is available
Ocsigen Start provides the basic features for user management (registration, activation links, password recovery, etc.), and some useful libraries. Remove the parts you don't need for your own app.
Ocsigen Start also contains many examples of code: remote procedure calls, push notifications from the server, reactive pages, database interaction, session data, internationalization, and some widgets from Ocsigen Toolkit.
Ocsigen Toolkit contains common widgets for mobile and Web apps, written natively in OCaml and specifically designed for Eliom's multi-tier and multi-platform programming style. You can also use them in client-only Js_of_ocaml programs. Many new widgets will be added in future versions.
Ocsigen Start and Ocsigen Toolkit are developed by the Ocsigen team at Be Sport, at the Paris Diderot University, and at the IRILL.
HARLINGEN - Four tractor trailers which tried to cross the United States Border Patrol checkpoint in Falfurrias over the weekend didn't make it through, each found carrying something they shouldn't have.
The first, stopped Friday night, was identified by a K-9 unit who alerted agents to more than 80 pounds of cocaine which were being stored in the cargo area of the truck. The drugs are estimated to be worth more than $2.8 million.
Next up, on Saturday night, was a trailer found to be holding 33 undocumented immigrants and 60 pounds of marijuana.
On Sunday, another trailer was stopped and five immigrants were found within its cargo area. Shortly after, another truck was inspected after a K-9 alerted authorities to something in the cargo area. Concealed inside were 14 undocumented immigrants.
Each of the drivers, two Mexican citizens, a Cuban citizen and a United States Citizen, were arrested.
Chicago's aldermen are considering a proposal to track and legalize donations of uncooked food scraps to urban farms and community gardens, a practice commonly used by city gardeners and farmers to make fertilizer.
"Expanding composting is an easy way to support our neighborhoods in growing fresh fruits and vegetables right in their own backyards," Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who introduced the ordinance last week, said in a statement.
Under the proposal, urban farms and community gardens would have to register with the city and maintain records of the scraps donated. The fertilizer, or compost, would only be allowed in the site where it is created and couldn't be sold unless the farm or garden gets a special permit from the city.
Jen Walling, executive director of the Illinois Environmental Council, an advocacy group representing 50 environmental groups, said the proposed ordinance is the product of nearly two years of negotiations with city officials and includes provisions to address concerns about foul smells and rats. For example, all compost must be inside a "vessel" with no openings. Violators could be fined between $300 and $600 per offense.
Proponents of relaxing composting rules said current city regulations are too stringent and haven't kept up with the interest in urban farming or gardening. To help bridge the gap, the proposal would also allow the amount of compost produced without a permit to increase by doubling containers' size limits to 10 cubic yards.
Under current regulations, urban farms and community gardens can only compost materials generated on site. It's illegal for them to accept food scrap donations, and they need permits for containers larger than 5 cubic yards, about the size of a garden shed. If a compost pile only has landscape waste, the size limit is 10 cubic yards.
Under the proposal, organic waste can be mixed with landscape waste, though permits would still be required for containers larger than 10 cubic yards. Additionally, nonprofits that produce less than 4,000 tons of compost a year would get a special permit rate of $300, down from $3,000. The cost reduction would benefit farms like Iron Street Urban Farm in Chicago's Bridgeport neighborhood.
The proposal would bring Chicago in line with more lax state composting rules approved in 2013. Those rules allowed farms to accept donations of composting additives, like wood chips or food scraps, and waived a permit for farmers who dedicate up to 2 percent of their land to composting as long as the fertilizer is not sold, fees are not charged for accepting waste and the compost operation is registered with the state.
Billy Burdett, director of Advocates for Urban Agriculture, an advocacy group, said the ordinance brings Chicago closer to his group's goal to have a compost facility in every community. Advocates for Urban Agriculture is pushing to further expand the proposal to include things like the ability to transport compost between locations operated by the same people.
"We are excited about the legislation to move forward," Burdett said.
acancino@tribpub.com
Twitter @WriterAlejandra
Hot on the news that actress Eliza Dushku will lend her voice to the upcoming motion comic series for Torchwood: Miracle Day, producer Russell T. Davies has revealed a twist for the upcoming season.
If you don't want to know what it is, please stop reading now. It's a SPOILER….
Saying that he wants to shake up things a bit for the characters in series four, Davies revealed that the upcoming season will find Captain Jack Harkness becoming mortal again.
“The greatest thing you can do is offer a new look into the character. It's not fundamentally altering the character, it's fundamentally altering the rules [while] the character stays the same,” Davies tells AOL TV.
He hinted that Captain Jack's new condition will be linked to the premise of Miracle Day, which sees the entire populace of Earth unable to die.
“Everyone else is immortal, [and] he's mortal,” he says. “It's the biggest switch in the show, which we did in order to give us new insights into Jack.”
Davies added that he “couldn't possibly say” if Jack will be killed off in a future episode.
“The stakes are that high,” he admitted. “And it's very hard to prove he's mortal without killing him, so that's going to be interesting.”
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Updated at 2:41 PM Ad Policy
Hundreds of activists marched from City Hall to the Department of Social Services at 180 Water Street Wednesday to commemorate the twenty-fifth anniversary of the AIDS Coalition to Unleash Power (ACT UP). Participants included activists from ACT UP, Occupy Wall Street and Housing Works, a group consisting of individuals living with and affected by HIV/AIDS that seeks to end the crisis of homelessness.
For many Americans, the HIV/AIDS pandemic seems like mythology, an ancient tale of agony that no longer applies to the country as a whole. However, in 2010 alone some 2.7 million people worldwide became newly infected with the virus, including an estimated 390,000 children, and there were an estimated 1.8 million AIDS-related deaths. (photo by @jamiekilstein)
Budget cuts and lack of insurance access have profoundly affected the HIV/AIDS community. The US AIDS Drug Assistance Program (ADAP), which aims to provide treatment for very poor individuals, was critically underfunded for many years, and as of March 2011, there were 7,261 people on waiting lists in a total of eleven states. For those lacking insurance coverage, the National HIV/AIDS Strategy says that the Affordable Care Act will provide expanded access to health insurance for people living with HIV and AIDS.
Wanda Hernandez, board chair of VOCAL NY, stressed to the crowd that AIDS is a disease affecting poor women of color.
“HIV is driven by social injustice,” she said, chiding Bloomberg “for trying to take away our rights and safety net.” The mayor is calling for cuts of $7.5 million to services for homeless and runaway youth alone.
More than 45,000 New Yorkers living with HIV/AIDS and their children rely on the HIV/AIDS Services Administration (HASA) for housing, healthcare and nutrition programs, and yet the mayor's budget failed to restore funding for housing, nutrition, and prevention services for homeless and low-income people living with HIV/AIDS.
Gay City News spoke with Kate Barnhart, who has been an AIDS activist since the age of 15 and the director of New Alternatives for Homeless LGBT Youth. She said, “This feels like a reunion we shouldn't have to have. It feels like after 25 years, we should have ended the AIDS crisis and not be fighting for the resources that people need to stay alive.”
Barnhart said 20 percent of the young people 16-24 she serves have HIV. Significantly, she said they are becoming infected not from anonymous sex, where they are more likely to use protection, but from long-term relationships, in which they let their guards down.
According to the activists, these kinds of cuts could be easily avoided with a financial transaction tax, or a “Robin Hood” tax—something like $50 on every $100,000 worth of transactions on Wall Street—that could reap billions in revenue and be reallocated to combat things like homelessness and pandemics. This tax wouldn't affect ordinary stockholders or bank transactions but would instead be affixed to speculative actions, much maligned ever since those kinds of shady Wall Street gambling antics tanked the world's economies.
Andrew Vellis, who has been an ACT UP protester since the group's founding twenty-five years ago, was pleased to see Occupy activists join the march. Vellis referred to Occupy as “great people” and “wonderful activists.”
“They're wily and creative and basically nonviolent, which is a basic tenet, and always has been, of ACT UP. Their focus is on the larger issues of healthcare, in general, whereas what brought us into this was the HIV/AIDS epidemic. But we're finding working together with them is just great,” he said.
Vellis, like most ACT UP demonstrators, is a big fan of the Robin Hood tax.
“We're here today…for the financial tax that we want to see happen because it will make the difference between there being funds for people to get onto treatment,” he said, referring to the Robin Hood tax as “painless.”
“Considering how the Wall Street industry has benefited from monies from the United States, for us not to have money now to pay for people with HIV/AIDS is obscene.”
Vellis said that the Robin Hood tax was only one of many reasons protesters took to the streets Wednesday. There are also the problems of HIV's still being a huge stigma and youth homeless with thousands of kids living on the streets.
“But for starters, we need money, and we need money to get people into treatment,” he said.
Nine protesters were arrested after chaining themselves together across Broadway at Wall Street, and police used chain cutters to separate the demonstrators before they were piled into a police van.
Update: ACT UP reports that ten additional protesters were arrested during the protest at City Hall, for a total of 19 protesters. The title of this article has been edited to reflect the update.
Download Video as MP4
Protesters chanting “Tax Wall Street, end AIDS!” marched from City Hall to the Department of Social Services to protest housing discrimination—activists stressed the need for the administration to focus on affordable housing instead of creating more temporary shelters—before the energized crowd marched down to Trinity Church on Broadway.
The original plan was to march down to Wall Street's famous bull statue, but the NYPD penned in protesters in front of the church and quickly ushered press across the street. There, in their pen, the protesters unfurled the “Tax Wall Street, End AIDS” banner.
“I learned a long time ago in the epidemic, don't appeal to people on humane grounds. It's not going to work.” said Vellis. “But, tell them it makes ‘good economic sense' to get people onto treatment. It will reduce the transmission rate by approximately 96 percent. This has been proven in trials that have been held. If we can get everyone who is infected into treatment, we have the first time when we have a real shot at stopping the epidemic.”
The Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), UK's data protection watchdog, today released a 50-page report warning businesses to not forget their obligation to keep data secure and private while taking advantage of their big data technologies.
Steve Wood, the Head of Policy Delivery at the ICO, commented on the report saying,
“[Individuals] are showing they're concerned about how their data is being used and shared in big data-type scenarios. What we're saying in this report is that many of the challenges of compliance can be overcome by being open about what you're doing.”
“Organisations need to think of innovative ways to tell customers what they want to do and what they're hoping to achieve” Wood continued.“Not only does that go a long way toward complying with the law, but there are benefits from being seen as responsible custodians of data.”
One area the watchdog advises companies on is data anonymity. The ICO describes in the report that personal data is data that relates to an “identifiable living individual.” As such, the ICO suggests that companies must ensure that the data they handle remains anonymised to ensure companies comply with data protection laws; using personal data must be carried out by conducting privacy impact assessments and data anonymity techniques.
It ought to be mentioned, however, that data anonymity is a fiercely debated topic with many commentators suggesting it is not entirely possible. Given the rise of publicly available data, multiple datasets can be matched and combined to give an accurate portrayal of where the data is coming from.
A number of individuals have come out in applaud for the ICO's new report. Neira Jones, chairman of the global advisory board for the Centre for Strategic Cybercrime & Security Science, told SCMagazine,
“There is still a lot of misconception out there. Big data is currently a major topic of discussion for all industry sectors and it is used in a variety of ways. It is certainly not a surprise that the ICO has produced such a report: it acknowledges that technology evolves rapidly and it needs to keep the pace.
“Only recently, it issued guidelines on anonymisation, and a couple of years back it issued cloud computing guidelines, so Big Data is a logical step. The report offers some very clear definitions for those who are still scratching their heads.”
Two crucial questions, however, still remain: will guidelines like these actually prevent companies from misusing personal data? And does data anonymity really mean anything if companies can still target advertising and other efforts directly at your individual preferences?
Read more here
Follow @DataconomyMedia
Interested in more content like this? Sign up to our newsletter, and you wont miss a thing!
Dataconomy Dataconomy Jobs Data Natives Leave this field empty if you're human:
(Featured Image: Perspecsys Photos)
A billboard with photos of Netanyahu and his Turkish counterpart Erdoğan, celebrating Israel's apology, in Ankara, March 25, 2013.
An announcement was expected Monday noon that Israel and Turkey will finally reach a reconciliation agreement normalizing their relations. Here's the background on the issues involved, issues that have vexed relations between the two countries for six long years.
What soured the relationship?
Israel and Turkey enjoyed years of close economic and even military ties, but they gradually deteriorated under the rule of Turkey's Islamist Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who is now Turkey's president. But it was a clash on the high seas in the Mediterranean in 2010 that brought ties with Turkey, which is predominantly Muslim, but not Arab, to a low.
In May of that year, a Turkish flotilla of ships, including the Mavi Marmara, set sail with the announced intention of breaking the Israeli naval blockade of the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip. In an effort to stop the Turkish flotilla, which refused to change course, on May 31, 2010, Israel Navy commandos boarded the ship. In the violent confrontation that followed, nine Turkish passengers were killed. A tenth, who was injured, died a considerable time later. The following year, after the issue remained unresolved, Turkey expelled Israel's ambassador in Ankara.
skip - Close-up footage of Mavi Marmara passengers attacking IDF soldiers.
Close-up footage of Mavi Marmara passengers attacking IDF soldiers. Israel Defense Forces
Why has it taken six years for a deal to be reached?
Though Netanyahu has since apologized for the death of the passengers on the Mavi Marmara and Erdoğan accepted the apology, a reconciliation agreement was never sealed. The ties were strained even further during the Israel-Gaza conflict of 2014, as Turkey severely criticized Israel's actions in the Strip.
Turkey has since been conditioning a reconciliation with Israel on lifting the blockade on the Strip. The Turks have been seeking access to the Gaza Strip to engage in development and reconstruction work.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
On its part, Israel has insisted that the Turks shut down Hamas' offices in Turkey and ensure that members of the Israel Defense Forces are not subject to international legal action in connection with the Mavi Marmara incident.
What does Israel stand to get?
Under the agreement, Turkey would reportedly pass a law barring claims against Israeli soldiers and officers and preventing future claims from being filed. The agreement also includes normalizing the diplomatic relations between the two countries and returning the ambassadors to Ankara and Tel Aviv.
But mainly, the Turkish government has committed that Hamas will not carry out any terrorist or military activity against Israel from Turkish territory, although the organization is not barred from maintaining a diplomatic presence in the country. Turkey has also promised to seek the return of two Israeli citizens and the remains of two soldiers held in the Gaza Strip.
What does Turkey stand to get?
Under the agreement, Israel would deposit some $20 million in a humanitarian fund as compensation for the families of the Turks who were killed or injured on the Mavi Marmara. Turkey has waived a demand for the removal of the Israeli blockade on the Gaza Strip, Israel would enable Turkey to set up infrastructure projects in Gaza, including the construction of a hospital, a power station and a desalination facility. All the materials for these projects would be transported via Israel's Ashdod Port.
What comes next?
The details of the agreement, if it is announced, are not expected to be released until Monday. Israel's security cabinet is scheduled to vote on any agreement on Wednesday.
Why is all this important?
Turkey is a highly important Muslim country, with a population of close to 80 million, around the same as Germany's. In the past, it was an ally of Israel's in the Middle East and a bridge to the Arab world. It is also a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, NATO, technically at least allying it with the United States and Western Europe, although its efforts to join the European Union have stalled.
For more on the Israel-Turkey reconciliation deal, follow Barak Ravid on Twitter.
Rookie captain Jason Floros will lead the my FootDr Queensland Bulls in this summer's Matador BBQs One-Day Cup campaign following today's squad announcement.
With regular Bulls captain Usman Khawaja unavailable due to his international commitments with Australia on the Qantas Tour of South Africa, Canberra-born Floros gets his opportunity to skipper Queensland for the first time.
Australia representatives Joe Burns and Chris Lynn have been included in the 14-man squad, along with boom spinner Mitchell Swepson and IPL final hero Ben Cutting.
“'Flo' (Floros) captained the boys well on a few occasions during the pre-season and has done some good things in the past in that role for the Queensland Academy of Sport in the Futures League and for Wynnum-Manly in the Premier competition,'' Queensland coach Phil Jaques said.
“We're pretty comfortable giving him this responsibility and opportunity.
“It's good for Usman (Khawaja) that he is back in the Aussie set-up and we're pleased to welcome Joe Burns back into the Queensland ranks in the wake of his Australia A effort.
“We all hope some strong performances can help him win back his position at the top of the order for Australia."
Floros shows some flair at Bellerive
Swepson and wicketkeeper Jimmy Peirson return to the Bulls squad after turning out for the Cricket Australia XI last summer, with the leg-spinner set to make his Queensland 50-over debut.
Left-handed top-order batsman Sam Heazlett will miss the tournament after sustaining a thigh strain while playing for Australia A recently.
The Bulls begin their campaign on October 1 against the CA XI at Brisbane's Allan Border Field then tackle Tasmania two days later.
The squad then travel to Perth to face Western Australia and South Australia before heading to Sydney for the back-end of the competition.
Swepson's four seals South Africa A's fate
“We've had a pretty consistent pre-season,” said Jacques. “The boys are nice and fit after working well with (strength and conditioning coach) Paul Chapman since he came on board earlier this year.
“We've been able to get good playing time into the majority of the squad as well as some other players around the group and are looking forward to a few final tune-ups against Auckland on the Gold Coast this week.”
Queensland squad: Jason Floros (c), Joe Burns, Ben Cutting, Luke Feldman, Cameron Gannon, Peter George, Marnus Labuschagne, Chris Lynn, Michael Neser, Jimmy Peirson, Nathan Reardon, Matthew Renshaw, Mark Steketee, Mitch Swepson
1.
What we are most
easily seduced by must
tell us something
about ourselves, but what
if it tells us only
about everyone else?
If you want to get
to know someone (tweets
the prolific Kelly
Oxford) argue with him,
and I considered
that wisdom, considering
my recent disagreements with you
there reading this.
Let me here drop too
a word on Arthur Conan Doyle's
surrender to the disciples
of Madame Blavatsky,
or some cognate matter
acting as foothold.
Let me be the last,
in other words,
if you can arrange it,
the last of the last
to plead the colourless
autonomy of language
houses a will as acquisitive
as ours, if not more so,
gripped by daydreams
of description, unmitigated
description even unto
argument, argument
so humourless it teeters
back into the realm of description
and drops its mask
and spits in every dinner plate.
The last, I said. For who
would call that seduction?
2.
Thinking of Benedict
Cumberbatch and his mind
(stay with me), I resolved
on the importance
of character, specifically
as a function of the celebrity
interview: that it's not his face
propelled him into the skin
of a matinée idol but
his quips and winning
earnest wish to answer
every question,
and be very very nice.
Just so
the novelists will not
hazard any but the finest
manners in their prose, no
they won't, they won't,
they've shown
they won't for two
maybe three generations,
those maestros of exposition,
and that may be what's driven
the poets to this bluff
of severely impartial
impudence.
I was thinking this walking
home in the dark, the too-early
dark of November, shivering,
towards my apartment
on a promontory,
fingers stiff
hauling staples,
wondering if it was the kind
of thing that, were I the second-
last person at a party
with Benedict Cumberbatch,
he'd find worth debating,
call a very good question,
before proposing we spare
each other the embarrassment
of being the last
to leave and leave in unison.
Goodness that shows
every sign of being also
resourceful has always been so
difficult to refuse.
The fact that Rutgers took part in the first intercollegiate football game on Nov. 6, 1869, is a badge of honor for the university, which proclaims to be the "Birthplace of College Football'' as a result of playing Princeton to a 6-4 win on a patch of sod in New Brunswick where the College Avenue Gymnasium now stands.
That same school year, on June 20, 1870, the Rutgers men's crew team rowed against the Lawrence Scientific School of Harvard on the Raritan River in New Brunswick.
But it's a little known fact that the Rutgers baseball team holds the distinction of staging the first intercollegiate athletics event in the university's history.
On May 5, 1866 -- 20 years after baseball was born on a field 25 miles north in Hoboken and only 13 months after the Civil War came to an end -- eight members of the so-called Rutgers Base Ball Club traveled to the Princeton Grounds and lost, 40-2, to the "Nassaus."
A box score that appeared in a 1901-published book, Athletics at Princeton: A History, showed Rutgers to be at a disadvantage that day, playing the Princeton 9 without a centerfielder.
The May 7-11, 1866, edition of the Princeton Packet documented the game by writing: "The match game of Base Ball played on Saturday last upon the College ball grounds between the Nassau and Rutger's clubs resulted in a decisive victory for the former."
Frank Presbrey and James Hugh Moffatt, in their 1901 Princeton athletics history book, described the Nassaus' 1866 opener like this:
"The first game was against Rutgers and resulted in the severe defeat of the visitors by the score of 40-2. Rutgers was at a disadvantage playing on the strange and rough ground and with only eight men. After the supper at the Mansion House, Rutgers challenged the Nassaus to a return game on the following Saturday, but the challenge was not accepted because of the approaching Greek examinations.''
According to old newspaper accounts, a coin flip decided the order of batting. After allowing four runs in the top of the first inning, Rutgers batted second and scored its only two runs on the nine-inning game.
Scoring 40 was hardly unique in the earliest era of baseball, since pitching was underhand, fielders didn't use gloves, the batter could call where he wanted the pitch and the three-strike rule didn't exist.
In fact, the bigger surprise was the two runs posted by Rutgers, a sluggish offensive showing which could either be attributed to Princeton's J.B. McPherson's masterful pitching or to the 16 miles that Rutgers had to travel by horse and buggy to where the Engineering Quadrangle (or E-Quad) stands today.
Then again, Princeton also had an advantage over Rutgers in terms of experience. The Nassaus had already played a home-and-home series with Massachusetts-based Williams College during the Civil War.
Photos: RU vs. Princeton in 1st football game
***
Before we go further, a baseball-history lesson is in order.
It's commonly known that on June 19, 1846, the Knickerbocker Base Ball Club of New York and the New York Nine played the first organized baseball game at Elysian Fields in Hoboken.
Thirteen years later, on July 1, 1859, Amherst College and Williams College were credited with playing the first intercollegiate baseball game in Pittsfield, Mass. Four months after that, the first intercollegiate baseball game to use 9-man teams occurred in New York between the Rose Hills Base Ball Club of St. John's College (now Fordham University) and St. Francis Xavier College.
While members of the Rutgers student body played on clubs that began popping up in New Brunswick in the mid-1850s, it's believed that baseball became the first organized sport at Rutgers in the fall of 1860. That's when two fraternities put out reports of baseball activities going on at the school, according to the January, 1861, edition of the Rutgers College Quarterly.
On Nov. 22, 1864, Princeton played its first intercollegiate sports game, hosting Williams College in a baseball scrum on campus. The two schools held a rematch the following spring.
According to a Sept. 22, 1865, edition of the American Standard of Jersey City, "a match game of base-ball'' was scheduled to take place between a Jersey City-based team called the Etna Club and "the 'Rutger' of New Brunswick'' at the same spot where Princeton and Rutgers would play the first football game four years later. There are no further mentions of the game actually being played.
Various reports in the Targum and other local newspapers of that era reveal the students who played in the 1866 game versus Princeton continued to play on local teams for the rest of the 1860s before the Rutgers Base Ball Club was formally established in the fall of 1870.
According to the Rutgers baseball program's records book, the team is now in its 146th year of existence this season. That makes sense since a Rutgers Ball Club played games during the fall and spring of 1870-71, combining for an 8-1 record.
Their lone loss came on Oct. 8, 1870, at Princeton, but they rebounded to defeat Liberty BBC of New Brunswick, 23-16, at home 10 days later in a game held on their home grounds near the New Brunswick Public Library on Livingston Ave.
An October 1870 account in the university's school newspaper, The Targum, revealed that the Rutgers 9 appeared "in new suits of gray flannel'' for the Oct. 28, 1870, win over Liberty.
A look at College Ave. changing landscape
***
As it plays its 140th season, Rutgers' all-time baseball record stands at 1,797-1538-26, including a 23-22 mark this spring.
Princeton is in its 152nd season, compiling a 2,216-1,864 record since the home-and-home series versus Williams College in 1864-65.
Rutgers and Princeton have met on the diamond 153 times, with the Scarlet Knights owning a 77-73-3 advantage in the all-time series. Princeton won the first 18 games in the series between 1866 and 1918, but in his final athletics appearance, Paul Robeson -- the legendary Rutgers athletics figure who lettered in football, track & field, baseball and basketball -- helped snap the drought by going 1-for-4 before 1,000 fans on June 9, 1919, according to the June 1919 Targum.
Due to scheduling conflicts the past few years, the Central Jersey rivals haven't met since the 2012 season but both coaches indicated a willingness for their teams to renew acquaintances in the years ahead.
Joe Litterio, who wasn't aware that the Rutgers baseball team he manages had played in the school's first intercollegiate sporting event 150 years ago today, has a deep appreciation for his program's tradition.
An infielder on some of Rutgers' winningest teams in the early 1990s, Litterio took over the Scarlet Knights program in 2014.
"As a program, I think we all share a respect for what was done in the past,'' said Litterio, whose office wall includes a vintage photo of the 1890 baseball club. "It's something that we talk about as a program. We talk about the history of it, all the alumni that has played here before, and that tradition is something that carries on with these guys.''
His counterpart south along Route 1 also considers himself to be a history buff when it comes to baseball tradition.
Scott Bradley is in his 19th season in the Princeton dugout, taking over the Ivy League program after a year as an assistant under Rutgers' Hall of Fame coach Fred Hill in 1996.
Like Litterio, Bradley's office includes memorabilia from Princeton's early baseball days.
"When you're at a place like Princeton you understand how deep the tradition goes,'' Bradley said. "It's funny because I was sent a picture that somebody had drawn and a lot of the (past players) had signed it. They signed it and then they put their graduation year, and there were times where you would see somebody's name and a '92. And then I would look closer and I'd realize, 'Ok, that is not 1992. That's 1892.'
"So I just look at that and really appreciate how long baseball has been a part of Princeton.''
Keith Sargeant may be reached at ksargeant@njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @KSargeantNJ . Find NJ.com Rutgers Football on Facebook
'No End In Sight' For Sept. 11 Proceedings At Guantanamo Bay
Enlarge this image toggle caption Joe Raedle/Getty Images Joe Raedle/Getty Images
This Sunday marks a dozen years since Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was captured in Pakistan — and seven years since Brig. Gen. Thomas Hartmann announced formal charges against him, alleging Mohammed was the mastermind of the Sept. 11 attacks.
Ever since, the United States has been working to try him and four other men on death penalty charges at the U.S. Naval Base in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Now, one of the biggest cases in U.S. history may also become the longest running. And it could be years before what's being called the "forever trial" even reaches the trial stage.
Not only is there no end in sight to the military commission, there's no middle in sight.
At 7:50 a.m. on a sultry morning this month, on the small tip of Cuba the U.S. has occupied since 1903, the five defendants in the Sept. 11 case are being escorted — for the first time in half a year — to a courtroom perched at the edge of a sprawling tent city. Everything about the place looks provisional, as if it could all be packed up and shipped off in a week.
But defense attorney James Connell says things in this military commission proceeding are, in fact, barely beginning.
"Not only is there no end in sight to the military commission, there's no middle in sight," he says.
A Long String Of Delays
That quickly became clear in the courtroom. No sooner had things gotten underway when a new twist in the case shut things down. This time, the problem was a new interpreter on one of the defense teams. A defendant told the judge he had a problem with the interpreter: He'd seen the man before — at a secret CIA-run interrogation center where he'd been held.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Janet Hamlin/Reuters/Landov Janet Hamlin/Reuters/Landov
The prosecution later confirmed that the man had indeed worked for the CIA. Defense lawyer Walter Ruiz says such incidents are one reason it's taking forever for this case even to reach the trial stage.
"It breeds issues for us to litigate because it's a system that is so flawed, it lends itself to greater litigation," he says.
And that's fine with Ruiz; he's trying to prevent his client, Mustafa al-Hawsawi, from being executed.
But the chief prosecutor, Gen. Mark Martins, wants things to move faster. Despite the delays, he defends the military commission system as fair.
"[On] effectiveness, I'm going to let other people decide that, but it is the only process in which we can proceed toward a full and open trial of these defendants," Martins says.
The U.S. government has been forced to revise the military commissions twice because of legal flaws. They've produced only six convictions, half of which have been overturned.
When President Obama tried moving the case to a federal court in New York City, Congress prohibited any transfer of Guantanamo detainees to the U.S.
Since then, the case of the Sept. 11 defendants has gone almost nowhere. One reason: The court has few legal precedents to go by, so nearly every issue that comes up causes another delay.
"It's just one fiasco after another, one more collapse of a system they've been trying to prop up as fair," says Cheryl Bormann, a lawyer for one of the accused. "And each time we come down here, there's another brick removed from the wall that the government claims is the wall of fairness — the thing is collapsing."
External Influences And Pressures
Bormann is part of the contingent of defense lawyers, prosecutors, court reporters, relatives of Sept. 11 victims, journalists and a military judge the Pentagon airlifts from Washington to Cuba for a week or two of courtroom hearings.
Last April, those sessions practically shut down after defense lawyers were informed the FBI had gathered information from a member of a defense team.
"He was allowed to remain on our team without us knowing it for another five months," says James Harrington, that team's lead lawyer. "And he operated within our team, and we don't know what it is that he did, what it is that he turned over, and you find out about it afterwards. If you want to talk about sabotage, that's a pretty good definition of it, I think."
Last month, in an attempt to speed things up, the Pentagon issued an eye-popping order: It instructs the military judges presiding in this and two other cases underway in Guantanamo to move down to the naval base and stay until there's a verdict.
David Nevin, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed's lead attorney, says this is "a pretty clear example of what's called unlawful command influence."
Nevin has asked the court to strike down that Pentagon order; he says it puts undue pressure from above on the judge to act in haste.
"This is the military commission telling the judge, 'I don't like what you've been doing, I don't like your decisions, you're not moving fast enough, handle these cases in a different way,' " Nevin explains.
On Wednesday, the military judge presiding in the Sept. 11 case appeared to agree. He ordered an immediate halt to the proceedings until the Pentagon withdraws the order to relocate — an order that, if left standing, would detain the judge himself in Guantanamo along with the defendants until this never-ending trial is over.
Getty Images North Carolina Central University went on lockdown after a student was shot.
One person was killed and two others were shot when tempers appeared to have flared over a die game at Tennessee State University.
A gunman went on a rampage at Oregon's Umpqua Community College and killed nine people.
My family had a horrifying scare when we learned that one student was shot and three more were wounded at the school my daughter attends, Northern Arizona University. (My daughter was not nearby or involved.)
All of this in just the month of October.
The scary thing is that a lot of college kids are packing guns these days.
We know because they're posting photos of their weapons on the photo/video-sharing app going crazy on college campuses, Yeti Campus Stories. Yeti creates social networks for individual colleges where students show off images of college life. It launched in March and now has hundreds of thousands of daily active users, adding over 10,000 new users a day, the company tells us.
The weapons students have shown off on Yeti range from handguns to assault rifles. One even showed off a grenade.
These photos will make people wonder if October's shootings are anomalies or a precursor of things to come. They should spur authorities to look more deeply at this part of college life.
Here's a small sample of the gun photos we found that college kids have posted to the app:
The Broward Sheriff's Office suspended a veteran deputy Tuesday as officials investigate the secret videotaping of security footage of the airport shooting, which was given to TMZ.com.
Deputy Michael Dingman, 46, who is based at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport, was suspended with pay. He has been a Broward deputy for 21 years.
"I'm not saying he did or didn't do anything wrong," Broward Sheriff Scott Israel said Tuesday. "Based on all the information available to me, the correct move, the direction I chose to go in, is to suspend a deputy with pay as the investigation continues."
Israel said investigators are still looking at whether anyone was paid for the tape.
Complete coverage of the Fort Lauderdale airport shooting.
"I'm disgusted and appalled to think that, in general, anyone in law enforcement may have been involved in such a despicable event: Making a video, especially such a graphic video that is part of evidence, taking a video that is not any deputy's property, to distribute to anybody," he said.
CAPTION A stampede of officers is predictable in such situations, experts say, but the Broward County Sheriff's Office was not prepared to manage the situation, according to a draft review by the sheriff's office. A stampede of officers is predictable in such situations, experts say, but the Broward County Sheriff's Office was not prepared to manage the situation, according to a draft review by the sheriff's office. CAPTION A stampede of officers is predictable in such situations, experts say, but the Broward County Sheriff's Office was not prepared to manage the situation, according to a draft review by the sheriff's office. A stampede of officers is predictable in such situations, experts say, but the Broward County Sheriff's Office was not prepared to manage the situation, according to a draft review by the sheriff's office. CAPTION Fort Lauderdale airport shooter Esteban Santiago checked nothing but a gun on his one-way flight. Was it hard? We sent our reporter to five cities on one-way tickets, with a semi-a ... Fort Lauderdale airport shooter Esteban Santiago checked nothing but a gun on his one-way flight. Was it hard? We sent our reporter to five cities on one-way tickets, with a semi-a ... CAPTION An internal draft review relased Friday by the Broward Sherff's Office revealed numerous failures by the agency to contain the chaotic situation that arose from a deadly shooting at the Fort Lauderdale Airport. An internal draft review relased Friday by the Broward Sherff's Office revealed numerous failures by the agency to contain the chaotic situation that arose from a deadly shooting at the Fort Lauderdale Airport. CAPTION The Transportation Security Administration said Wednesday it has been testing the procedure at 10 airports for more than a year, and it may be expanded nationwide. The Transportation Security Administration said Wednesday it has been testing the procedure at 10 airports for more than a year, and it may be expanded nationwide. CAPTION A Sun Sentinel investigation revealed that deficiencies in training, communications and passenger support made a challenging and terrifying situation worse. A Sun Sentinel investigation revealed that deficiencies in training, communications and passenger support made a challenging and terrifying situation worse.
Dingman surrendered his badge and patrol car as part of his suspension. He's alleged to have disclosed or used confidential criminal justice information, according to an internal affairs memo. The memo also alleges Dingman did not use proper discretion and that his conduct was unbecoming of a deputy.
Officials think someone used a cellphone to tape the footage of shooting suspect Esteban Santiago as he pulled a gun from his waistband at the Terminal 2 baggage carousel and began firing on Friday. Five people died in the ambush and six were wounded.
FBI and county investigators have been enhancing the video because they were seeing a person's image reflected in the glass of the security monitor, Broward Mayor Barbara Sharief said.
The TMZ website is known to pay thousands to sources for videos of high-interest topics.
Records show that Dingman had an annual salary of $72,735 in 2015 and earned a total of $117,280 with overtime and special detail payments.
Dingman was reprimanded last year over an incident in 2011, when he and another deputy twice accessed information on a Florida Highway Patrol trooper who was being harassed for ticketing off-duty Miami Police Officer Fausto Lopez for speeding.
The sheriff's office gave Dingman a counseling form in his personnel file then, based on his accessing information on Trooper Donna "Jane" Watts. The agency settled a lawsuit in May brought by Watts for $6,000. She also settled with other agencies where officers had looked up her information.
A lawyer for Dingman could not be identified.
Dingman's Linked-In profile lists him as the owner of No Shenanigans Diving, which offers scuba diving instruction.
The profile says Dingman served in U.S. Army aviation from 1987 to 1995.
Staff writers Brittany Wallman and Paula McMahon contributed to this report.
lbarszewski@sun-sentinel.com or 954-356-4556
Indonesia's beauty comes in many forms.
Consisting of over 17,000 unique islands, Indonesia's archipelago proudly exhibits natural beauty that is hard to find anywhere else on Earth. The landscape is truly diverse in its entirety, ranging from world-famous mountain peaks to deepwater paradises.
From flaura to fauna, Indonesia's beauty is second to none.
So here are 21 breathtaking photos of Indonesia's outstanding natural beauty…
1) Mentawai Islands, West Sumatra
2) Togean Islands, Sulawesi
3) Kawah Ijen, Banyuwangi Regency
4) Bunaken National Marine Park, Sulawesi
5) Mount Kelimutu, Flores
6) Lake Toba, North Sumatra
7) An orangutan using a leaf as an umbrella
8) Gunung Gede Pangrango National Park, West Java
9) Starfish in Manado, Sulawesi
10) Mount Rinjani, Lombok
11) A Sumatran Tiger
12) Colourful sunset – Seminyak, Bali
13) Raja Ampat, Papua Province
14) Belitung, Java Sea
15) Komodo National Park, Nusa Tenggara
16) Orangutans in Bukit Lawang, North Sumatra
17) Anak Krakatau, Sunda Strait
18) Geleang Island, Karimunjawa
19) Green Canyon, Pangandaran, West Java
20) Dreamland Beach, Bali
21) Early morning volcanic eruption – Mount Semeru, East Java
22) Puncak Jaya, Papua Province
Physicists have performed some amazing feats in the lab. Now, they may have created some of the smallest drops of liquid ever made. The droplets could lead to further understanding of collective behavior.
The short-lived droplets are miniscule--about the size of three to five protons. That's about one-100,000th the size of a hydrogen atom, or one-100,000,000th the size of a virus. They actually "flow" in a manner similar to the behavior of the quark-gluon plasma, a state of matter that is a mixture of the sub-atomic particles that make up protons and neutrons and only exists at extreme temperatures and densities. In fact, cosmologists propose that the entire universe once consisted of this strongly interacting elixir for a fraction of a second after the Big Bang when conditions were dramatically hotter and denser than they are today.
Actually "seeing" these droplets, though, was a challenge. In fact, researchers were only able to detect them through another experiment. Scientists saw evidence of the droplets from the results of colliding protons with lead ions at velocities approaching the speed of light.
"With this new discovery, we seem to be seeing the very origin of collective behavior," said Julia Velkovska, one of the researchers, in a news release. "Regardless of the material that we are using, collisions have to be violent enough to produce about 50 sub-atomic particles before we begin to see collective, flow-like behavior."
Scientists have actually been trying to recreate the quark-gluon plasma associated with the Big Bang since the early 2000s by colliding gold nuclei using the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider (RHIC). Although the RHIC scientists expected the plasma to behave like a gas, they found that it instead acted like a liquid. Eventually, the scientists duplicated the results with the LHC by colliding lead nuclei--and saw evidence of the plasma.
"The proton-lead collisions are something like shooting a bullet through an apple while lead-lead collisions are more like smashing two apples together: A lot more energy is released in the latter," said Velkovska in a news release.
The researchers created two models in order to explain their observations. Of the two, the plasma droplet model seemed to fit the observations best. In fact, the new data is forcing the authors of a competing model--color glass condensate, which attributes the particle correlations to the internal gluon structure of the protons themselves--to incorporate hydrodynamic effects. Essentially, both models need to describe the phenomenon as liquid droplets.
The findings could help advance physicists understanding of these collisions. In addition, it could allow them to further understand exactly how our universe works and perhaps may lead them to clues as to how it was formed.
The findings are published in the journal Physical Review.
Legislation to allow the lawful carry of a concealed handgun without a permit by Kansas residents passed the state Senate this week by a sweeping 31-7 vote, but still faces a battle ahead.
Introduced last month with a staggering 26 co-sponsors, the bill would allow those legally able to possess a handgun the ability to carry it concealed without first having to jump through the hoops of obtaining a permit.
“I think it's a very logical step for the Legislature to take,” said Sen. Jacob LaTurner, R-Pittsburg, in casting his vote Wednesday. “We allow open carry. We allow concealed carry if you're hunting or fishing. I think this makes a lot of sense.”
The bill, SB 45, would allow any adult otherwise able to possess a handgun under state and federal laws to carry that gun concealed as a matter of course without a permit.
This move, commonly called constitutional carry, would elevate the state to the same club that Vermont, Arizona, Alaska and Wyoming have joined in the past generation.
Since 2006, when the Kansas Legislature passed the Personal and Family Protection Act, an estimated 90,000 residents have applied for a concealed carry handgun license in the state. Some 36 states recognize Kansas permits while the state in turn recognizes all out of state permits from non-residents. The legislation in its current format would retain this current permit system to allow for Kansas residents who wish to travel out of state while concealed.
Among the requirements to obtain a permit in the Sunflower State, applicants have to pay a $150 fee – one of the highest in the country – and complete an eight-hour training course from a certified instructor.
While the proposal may be popular with lawmakers, it is not finding support from some of these same concealed carry instructors who stand to lose revenue.
“Every bullet that leaves that gun, just consider there's an attorney's name on it,” Mike Yoder, a local instructor, told KWCH. Yoder, who said he spends up to 85 percent of his classes instructing the legal ramifications of concealed carry voiced concerns that those who chose to carry without the state-approved instruction might not understand the full weight of the liability that comes with a defensive gun use.
“Unfortunately most people get their…their ‘training' from tv shows,” Yoder said.
Besides the instructors, national gun control organizations are staunchly against allowing constitutional carry, citing many of the same concerns.
“If this dangerous legislation becomes law, people with no safety training could carry hidden, loaded handguns in public,” said TerriLynn Barnett Miller, with the Kansas Chapter of Moms Demand Action in a statement Guns.com. “Moms don't want to sit down for dinner at a restaurant with their families next to an armed customer who has never even handled a gun before, who doesn't have a license, and who can carry with no questions asked. If S.B. 45 passes, that could be a reality for Kansans and it would be completely legal.”
Kansas is not the first state to come out strong for constitutional carry this legislative session.
Texas lawmakers filed a measure in that state, HB195, which is gaining firm and vocal support from a number of gun rights groups in the Lone Star State while bills in West Virginia and New Hampshire have likewise advanced in recent weeks.
The Kansan measure is now in the hands of the state House, where Republicans enjoy what could be termed a healthy 92-33 margin. From there, a final concurrence in the upper chamber would send it to Gov. Sam Brownback's desk.
Brownback, a Republican, has signed several far-reaching gun rights measures during his term in office.
In a video posted on his Facebook page yesterday, right-wing pastor Rick Joyner echoed Lance Wallnau's proclamation that President Trump has been anointed by God to subdue ungodly nations, adding that God is orchestrating this in order to bring about a period of unprecedented world peace in which people all over the world can come to Christ.
After Trump deals with North Korea, Joyner said that he will “turn his attention to fixing things with Russia and we have the potential for maybe the greatest world stability in our lifetime.”
Citing Wallnau's prophecy, Joyner said that God is not going to use Trump to conquer other nations but “the belligerence that is rising up from the countries like Iran, like North Korea, like ISIS, I believe it is his destiny to subdue them. He's going to.”
Joyner said that “something is going on that could really be special and we don't want to miss the opportunity for harvest” that God is providing with this period of global stability so that Christians can spread the Gospel all around the world.
There's a saying in football; offense sells tickets but defense wins championships.
Billy Donovan and the Florida Gators basketball team have taken that saying to heart and have developed a defense first style of play. Currently the Gators are ranked as the No. 7 team in the country in adjusted defense, an advanced metric that the site uses to rank teams based on “An estimate of the defensive efficiency (points allowed per 100 possessions) a team would have against the average D-I offense.”
Ever the perfectionist, Donovan wasn't happy with the way his team was playing defense early on this season and he let them know about it.
“Earlier in the year one of the things I had mentioned that I wasn't very happy was where our defense was at,” he said. “And we had a long way to go back in October, early November.”
He may not have been happy when the season started but Donovan is pleased with how the Gators have improved defensively over the course of the season. The biggest factor in that improvement is something that nobody can control: time.
“Generally our most consistent guys are our older guys. Clearly I would say that if a guy has been here three of four years, they're going to be a lot further along than maybe someone like Chris Walker or Kasey Hill, who are just starting out this year,” Donovan said. “For Kasey Hill, its 22 games. For Chris Walker, one game into his college career, there's going to be a lot more slippage with those guys because they still have stuff to learn and get better at.”
If time in the system is the best way to get the most out of the defensive side of the ball the Gators are in luck. A senior-led team, Florida has played a suffocating brand of defense that is sixth in the country allowing just 57.4 points-per-game and recently held Texas A&M to 36 points – the lowest total an SEC opponent has scored against UF since 1950.
They may have started off slowly, in Donovan's eye, but the team has bought into the system and shown their head coach that they realize a good defense will help their offense.
“This is one of our better teams in terms of coach-ability, buying in, wanting to do it, seeing the correlation between good defense, seeing the fact that we're really struggling offensively first half against Missouri and our defense keeps us within a three-point game,” Donovan said. “I think our guys see that we've got to play very good defense, and then I think it does take some pressure off you offensively sometimes there.”
Past Donovan teams have lived and died by the three. It has been the unraveling of many Gator teams come tournament time. With the way that the Gators are playing defense, they will be able to compete in games even when they aren't shooting lights out. It's a style of basketball that Donovan has had success with and this might be the best defensive team that he has coached since a team that many Gator fans know and love.
“I mean Noah and Horford and those guys were really, really good,” Donovan said when asked if the 2014 team was the best defensive team he has coached. “I mean, these guys are good. I thought last year's team was bought in defensively. Those guys have gotten a lot better.”
Hillary Clinton delivered a stark warning on her historic night in Philadelphia Thursday: Donald Trump is dangerous and irresponsible — and a vote for him imperils everything Americans stand for.
As Clinton became the first female nominee of a major party, she drew biting contrasts in her acceptance speech between her vision for the country and Trump's. The former secretary of State painted a picture of a vibrant, strong and diverse America that requires “steady leadership”— at odds with, in her view, the images of stagnation and division that a feckless Trump conjures up.
Story Continued Below
"In the end, it comes down to what Donald Trump doesn't get: that America is great – because America is good," she said. "So enough with the bigotry and bombast. Donald Trump's not offering real change."
Trump, Clinton suggested, was corrupting longstanding Republican — and American — values.
"He wants to divide us — from the rest of the world, and from each other," she said. "He's betting that the perils of today's world will blind us to its unlimited promise. He's taken the Republican Party a long way, from 'Morning in America' to 'Midnight in America.' He wants us to fear the future and fear each other."
That approach, she continued, is out of sync with America's tradition of persevering through challenging times.
"We are clear-eyed about what our country is up against. But we are not afraid,” she said, an implicit jab at what many have described as Trump's embrace of the “politics of fear.” “We will rise to the challenge, just as we always have.”
In recent elections, it was the Republican Party that vocally embraced American exceptionalism and blasted Democrats — in particular, President Barack Obama — for "apologizing" for America. But on Thursday, Clinton leaned into that notion.
"We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world," she said. "We have the most powerful military."
Clinton argued that she was uniquely prepared to lead America in taking on the country's biggest challenges, particularly in the national security realm. She noted her experience and knowledge gleaned from her time as secretary of State and while serving on the Senate Armed Services Committee, and went on to question whether Trump has the judgment and temperament — let alone familiarity with the issues — to lead the U.S. military.
"Ask yourself: Does Donald Trump have the temperament to be Commander-in-Chief? Donald Trump can't even handle the rough-and-tumble of a presidential campaign," she said. "He loses his cool at the slightest provocation. When he's gotten a tough question from a reporter. When he's challenged in a debate. When he sees a protester at a rally.
"Imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis," she continued. "A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons."
Obama has at times been criticized for not appearing publicly sensitive enough to people's fears about terrorism. Clinton also sought to connect on that issue, while making clear that Trump is not the candidate to lead in an age of terrorism.
"The choice we face is just as stark when it comes to our national security,” she said. “Anyone reading the news can see the threats and turbulence we face. From Baghdad and Kabul, to Nice and Paris and Brussels, to San Bernardino and Orlando, we're dealing with determined enemies that must be defeated. No wonder people are anxious and looking for reassurance — looking for steady leadership.”
She hammered Trump for his remark at the Republican National Convention last week that "I alone can fix" a broken political system, pouncing on that remark to be more broadly critical of Trump's inward-looking foreign policy as well as what she characterized as his general self-centered approach to governance.
"Don't let anyone tell you that our country is weak," she said. "We're not. Don't let anyone tell you we don't have what it takes. We do. And most of all, don't believe anyone who says: 'I alone can fix it.'”
And in swipe after swipe at Trump, Clinton tore into his business record and his hard-line positions on illegal immigration and Muslim migration.
Under her leadership, she said, "we will not build a wall," but will instead find a path to citizenship "for millions of immigrants who are already contributing to our economy." And "we will not ban a religion," she continued, but instead "will work with all Americans and our allies to fight terrorism" — a promise that came after the parents of a Muslim soldier killed in action rebuked Trump onstage.
Earlier in the week, the audience — which came to Philadelphia still sharply divided between progressives who embraced former presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, and Clinton's supporters — was restive, and protests dominated Monday evening and parts of Tuesday. But as the week wore on, the protesters appeared to run out of steam, and Clinton nodded to them early on in the speech, making an appeal for party unity for the sake of the progressive agenda they highlighted.
"Bernie, your campaign inspired millions of Americans, particularly the young people who threw their hearts and souls into our primary," she said. "You've put economic and social justice issues front and center, where they belong. And to all of your supporters here and around the country: I want you to know, I've heard you. Your cause is our cause."
She also urged voters from across the political spectrum to take Trump seriously.
“For the past year, many people made the mistake of laughing off Donald Trump's comments — excusing him as an entertainer just putting on a show,” he said. “They think he couldn't possibly mean all the horrible things he says – like when he called women 'pigs.' Or said that an American judge couldn't be fair because of his Mexican heritage. Or when he mocks and mimics a reporter with a disability.
“Or insults prisoners of war like John McCain, a true hero and patriot who deserves our respect,” she added, nodding to the 2008 GOP nominee, one of several times throughout the speech that she extended an olive branch to Republicans.
“At first, I admit, I couldn't believe he meant it either,” she said. “It was just too hard to fathom – that someone who wants to lead our nation could say those things. Could be like that. But here's the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump. This is it.”
Clinton was working on her speech as late as Thursday afternoon, as aides debated how to handle Trump's apparent urging of Russia to hack Clinton's emails, comments that Trump later said were meant to be sarcastic.
She settled on a passing reference as part of a longer critique of Trump's foreign policy, in which she stressed the stakes of the election: "We entrust our commander-in-chief to make the hardest decisions our nation faces. Decisions about war and peace. Life and death."
"I'm proud to stand by our allies in NATO against any threat they face, including from Russia," she said.
"Hillary Clinton's speech was an insulting collection of clichés and recycled rhetoric," Trump's campaign shot back in a statement. "She spent the evening talking down to the American people she's looked down on her whole life."
Coming into the speech, Clinton's biggest challenges were more personal than political. She needed to find a way to connect with the audience, Democratic operatives said — and more importantly, she needed to drive home a message that she is trustworthy, something that polls show many Americans doubt.
She was clearly aware of that need to connect.
"The truth is, through all these years of public service, the 'service' part has always come easier to me than the 'public' part," she said. "I get it that some people just don't know what to make of me."
She went on to relate her personal story: granddaughter of a lace mill worker from Scranton, and daughter of hardworking parents who had each endured their own hardships to make a better life for their children.
But Clinton is more comfortable wading into policy details than she is delivering the memorable, soaring rhetoric of her husband, Bill Clinton, and former boss, President Barack Obama. And she defended that approach.
"It's true," she said. "I sweat the details of policy – whether we're talking about the exact level of lead in the drinking water in Flint, Michigan, the number of mental health facilities in Iowa, or the cost of your prescription drugs. Because it's not just a detail if it's your kid, if it's your family. It's a big deal. And it should be a big deal to your president."
Clinton also acknowledged, fairly briefly, the historic nature of her nomination.
"Today we've reached a milestone in our nation's march towed a more perfect union: the first time a major party has nominated a woman for president," she said, going on to add, "when any barrier falls in America, for anyone, it clears the way for everyone."
A significant new long-standing flaw in the Linux kernel was discovered this week just as Google pushed out an awaited update for Android to kill the Dirty COW vulnerability.
The Dirty copy-on-write (COW) flaw was discovered in October as being under active exploit, likely since 2007.
The exploit takes advantage of a bug in the COW performance optimisation feature to allow local, unprivileged users to bypass permission settings and modify binaries stored on disk. It affects all existing Linux kernels.
A patch was committed to the Linux kernel source tree at the time, and Red Hat engineer Petr Matousek posted mitigation measures.
However, Google opted against patching the flaw in its November collection of security updates despite Dirty COW affecting every version of Android.
At the time it said it had no indication that the flaw had been exploited on Android, and so would hold off on patching the flaw until December. Virtualisation VMware took the opposite approach and issued patches against Dirty COW the following day.
In its December security patch bundle issued today, Google released an update for Android that closes the Dirty COW vulnerability.
But as the Dirty COW hole was plugged, another major vulnerability in the Linux kernel has surfaced.
The CVE-2016-8655 privilege escalation flaw, published on Tuesday, allows attackers to gain a root shell and full access to the server by exploiting a race condition in the “net/packet/af_packet.c” part of the Linux kernel.
It has been in existence since 2011. A patch has already been issued for the Linux kernel.
The researcher who discovered the flaw, Philip Pettersson, released code for a proof-of-concept exploit that works on Ubuntu 16.04 x86_64 and "some 14.04 kernels".
Petterson said the exploit "should work for any [Linux] distro with unprivileged user namespace support" with kernel version 4.4.
About This Game Full Scale Restoration of the Japanese battleship “Yamato” in VR.
Battleship Yamato was constructed during the World War Ⅱ in 1941, and it was the biggest battleship ever built. Unfortunately, Yamato didn't last through the war, and it sank to the bottom of the sea.
Now, battleship Yamato is completely restored in full scale in VR. It is based on the blueprints and the recollections of the actual crew who are still alive.
In this app, you can actually get on Yamato and walk across the deck, climb up the bridge, and go inside the ship.
See the Yamato crew taking command. View the explosions of the gun fire from a close distance.
The list below shows what you can actually see in the first edition of VR Yamato.
・Deck
・Inside the first bridge
・Inside the main gun
・Scene of the crew practicing firing the gun
・Fire control center
・Captain's cabin
・Pilot house
・Hangar
・Ship's kitchen
With VR Yamato, enjoy the battleship from the perspective of an actual crew.
Now in its seventh year, the Woodstock of DIY continues to blow minds (and flames), with exhibits and presentations that range from silk screening to autonomous aerial vehicles to biofuels. We went to the Bay Area Maker Faire on Saturday in search of standout projects. Here's the best of what we found. Bonus: Don't miss Wired Design's five videos at the end, hosted by the Science Channel's Catch It Keep It host Mike Senese!
Wall-E Builder's Club What happens when the world's most recognizable droid has been completely analyzed, documented and rebuilt by hobbyists? In the case of two key members of the R2D2 Builder's Club, they went out in search of a new robot to sink their fab-tech skills into. Formed in 2007 after seeing a preview of the then-upcoming film Wall-E, biometric programmer Mike Senna and citrus farmer Michael McMaster spent two years collecting as much data about the expressive, tracked robot as possible, and another two years constructing their replicas. Unlike the full availability of parts to make a complete R2D2, all of Wall-E's components had been made from hand, including the molds used to pour the treads -- and only using commonly available tools, no CNC or machined parts. They plan to eventually post full blueprints on the site -- costs should range from a few hundred dollars for a simple wood replica to thousands for an automated electronic unit. And for the Star Wars fans who fear that Wall-E will be the face of the next generation of friendly robots, McMaster reassures "R2's always going to be popular."
MaKey MaKey A small credit-card-sized USB interface that lets you turn just about anything into a computer input, by creating a simple circuit. MaKey MaKey, created by MIT Media Lab Ph.D.s Jay Silver and Eric Rosenbaum, can be used to make a piano out of bananas, a joystick out of Play-Doh, an iSight camera trigger from a bowl of water, or whatever other crazy interface combination you can think of -- it even works with pencil drawings. It also has built-in Arduino, natch, so you can use program it to control devices on a far more advanced level. Another Kickstarter, MaKey MaKey blasted past its funding goal within days, and will be finished on June 12. Silver and Rosenbaum hope to have them ready for distribution shortly afterward -- they'll be working with Sparkfun for manufacturing.
The Viper After seeing the flight simulator at the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum, high school students John Boyer, Alex Jacobson, Sam Frank, and Sam and Joseph DeRose decided they needed to build a 360º rolling and pitching flight sim of their own -- based on the Viper Mark VII from Battlestar Galactica. Team Viper started their designs in September 2011, and by October had acquired the fuselage of a Piper PA-28 airplane to house the simulator. An $11,000 Kickstarter campaign helped offset costs estimated between $20,000 and $25,000 -- some of the more expensive pieces include 1-hp motors and special speed controllers that convert standard 110v electricity to industrial-strength 3-phase, 220v juice. The team wrapped up construction just in time for Maker Faire, and are now looking to send it to a high school program or aviation museum. They even got an offer from Riply's Believe It or Not to purchase it. Not bad for a side project built in a garage.
Exploratorium Tinkering Studio Started in 2000 with an NSF grant, the Tinkering Studio is an interactive space at the Exploratorium that allows visitors to interact with electronics and traditional craft and craft-making techniques -- from building simple circuits and robots, to learning the concepts of balance and leverage, to orchestrating lengthy marble runs. Scientific Content Developer Luigi Anzinino says that unlike the 45 seconds kids spend at a typical exhibit, engagement in the space often stretches for 45 minutes or longer -- and sometimes all day. Beginning as a resource for educators and museum workers, it evolved into a hands-on, public forum in 2009 with a 900-square-foot home on the Exploratorium's exhibition floor. When the museum moves into a new home at San Francisco's Pier 15/17 next year, the Tinkering Studio will have a larger, dedicated space within a new maker-focused gallery.
Marine Advanced Technology Education (MATE) After watching the Marine Technology Society's ocean-based engineering scholarships go unapplied for year after year, Deidre Sullivan, Jill Zande and Drew Michel started MATE, an initiative to get students interested in the marine technology industry through the competition of self-built underwater remote-operated vehicles (ROVs). MATE helps faculty bring underwater ROVs of varying complexity to the classroom -- ranging from models made from PVC pipe to highly advanced designs loaded with arrays of sensors and controls. Student teams are guided on the design, construction, and operation of their ROVs to learn the concepts of marine exploration, culminating with national competitions requiring the completion of various underwater challenges. Splashing around with their submarines isn't just for laughs; MATE director Sullivan indicates that high school participants in the MATE competition have been admitted to MIT, UCLA, Berkeley, and other top engineering schools -- even beating out non-MATE students with higher GPAs. MATE also sponsors an internship program that places community college students on University-National Oceanographic Labratory System (UNOLS) vessels, including that of Titanic explorer Bob Ballard. Former students are now starting to enter the marine technology industry, controlling the ROVs for large organizations like the Monterey Bay Aquarium and Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute.
Animatronic Roy Sure, everyone has a microcontroller nowadays. (Hello, Arduino.) But mechanical designer Brian Roe realized that the devices available for these boards to control weren't exciting enough -- so he designed an animatronic robot framework, called Roy. Using his background in design and creature creation, he spent a year and a half prototyping his laser-cut wooden character before deciding to offer it to the public in pieces. Selling the first component, Roy's arm, for $180 via Kickstarter, Roe states that the unit offers the same functionality as robotic arms that cost $900 or more. And after the arm? Hang tight for a complete robot. "The plan is to continue building until I have a life-size character, elbows, shoulders, neck, waist and all."
The Sticker Boyz Normally, making custom stickers is neither fast nor cheap -- but a group of students from Palo Alto High School found the gear and software to create a small vinyl sticker business that lets them make one-offs on a moment's notice. Using affordably sourced computer-controlled vinyl cutters that look like inkjet printers, and a $50 software package, the guys have drawn a huge crowd at the Maker Faire two years in a row, by giving away thousands of stickers designed by attendees on the spot. And they're using their operation for charitable purposes, too -- they're bringing their "sticker magic" to the Ronald McDonald House to help bring smiles to those receiving specialized treatment at the Lucille Packard Children's Hospital. Bruce, father of one of the team members, has said that the project has given the students more than a small business -- it's showing them some valuable real-life skills. Before their first Maker Faire, some team members complained that this sounded like hard work -- but once the event began, their excitement became apparent -- some of the team ended up helping all weekend instead of their initial four-hour slot.
Soft Circuit Saturdays Crafter Angela Sheehan creates and shares wearable projects that combine crafts and electronics. For her current project, "Soft Circuit Hula Hoop Experiments," Sheehan wondered what would happen if you took the hooping community's current fascination with LED-lit hoops and made it fully interactive. The result? Prototype hoops that are lined with conductive material that activates the conductive-fabric circuits on her specially made shirts. Depending on the location of the hoop, certain lights will flash, or various musical notes will sound from an embedded speaker. As for Sheehan's favorite project, that came for a show in college, where she rewired stepper motors from a printer to act as small generators, and connected them to roller skates in order to light up the LEDs embedded in the skates, skirt and shirt of the skater.
Tapigami The brainchild of artist Danny Scheible, Tapigami is an "ever expanding, self generating social sculpture" made from common but carefully crafted masking tape. Displeased with not being allowed to touch things at traditional galleries, he sought to make art that people to participate with. The incredible Tapigami tape city has formed over seven years of construction and events -- most of the small, tan buildings are his, but attendees are taught how to use his technique to add pieces and help the city grow. Scheible prefers masking tape over more standard sculpting mediums because it can be cheaply and quickly manipulated, something he can teach and encourage others to do. Similarly, his 43-foot-long piece "Leviathan" was created through the participation of various artists using wire hangers and fabric.
Caine's Arcade & Joe Hudy Caine Monroy and Joe Hudy embody the spirit of the future of the maker community. With weekends and summers to kill at his dad's used auto parts business, nine year old Monroy took his fascination with arcades and built his own out of scrap cardboard and packing tape, replicating favorites like skee-ball and the prize-picking claw. Despite his entrepreneurial mindset (creating a "Fun Pass" was truly genius), his cardboard arcade -- tucked away in an industrial part of Los Angeles -- didn't attract many customers until discovered and profiled by Nirvan Mullick in a short film that went viral. His creation has now been featured at the Exploratorium in San Francisco and universities in southern California. Hudy captured the attention of the country this past February, when President Obama excitedly fired his bright orange marshmallow cannon -- much to the chagrin of the secret service -- during the 2012 White House science fair. A regular contributor to Make magazine and Instructables, 15-year-old Hudy has also designed and sells his own Arduino shield (an add-on hardware board), a 3x3x3 LED cube that can be programmed for a variety of visual effects. He fundraises to finance his participation in Maker Faires, and plans to study Electrical Engineering in college.
Shawn Thorsson and Associates Working out of an abandoned chicken barn in Petaluma, California, Shawn Thorsson has taken his hobby of putting replica movie and videogame gear into overdrive. Starting 10 years ago with a set of Storm Trooper armor, he now has a team of friends helping crank out weapons, outfits, and oversized robots from Halo, Predator, and the tabletop miniatures game Warhammer 40,000. His builds require a full range of modeling techniques, including vacuum forming, fiberglassing, and silicone mold making -- and he's able to crank out duplicates for a variety of tweaks and modifications. Going full-time two years ago, he's already provided pieces for a Halo fan film, and is looking for more film projects. Meanwhile, his website details how to build your own awesome gear. The life-size chain sword was a crowd favorite.
Autodesk - 123D Catch Creating a 3-D file of a real-life object has typically required a specialized rotating laser scanner that captures size and shape data, slice by tedious slice. 123D Catch is a cloud-based, 3-D-capturing wormhole that lets designers skip the special gear, by generating a 3-D model from simple photos. With a single camera held at specific positions, multiple images of an item are are taken and uploaded, then processed by 123D Catch remotely. Of course, you can go high-tech with this too; Autodesk used a 56-camera, USB-controlled photobooth for instant captures of the busts of Maker Faire attendees -- advanced users, feel free to build something similar. A 3-D object file is returned in about five minutes and can be manipulated in any way, or then sent to 123D's 3-D printing service. Finally, we can all have our very own action figures.
The 3-D printing era has arrived. These plastic-shaping machines and their highly detailed output were featured at every other booth at this year's Faire.
I confess I was a little bit start-struck by meeting the founder of Arduino, Massimo Banzi.
San Francisco Center for the Book (SFCB) Printing has gone almost completely digital, but the San Francisco Center for the Book is helping preserve traditional bookmaking techniques like letterpress and book binding. Its exhibit shows wannabe Gutenbergs how to use a tabletop platen press to manually print a letterpress image on cardstock, and then create a small book using a simple binding method. Letterpress has remained a popular form of printing for cards, envelopes, and other formal pieces of correspondence, but hasn't fully escaped the digital revolution either. Current presses use plates created from design files (Adobe Illustrator, etc.) to make digital "negatives" on light-sensitive photopolymer plastic. Once exposed, the image area hardens, allowing the unexposed plastic to be washed away -- leaving a raised image that can be used to press tasteful, inked impressions into paper and card. That part, however, still requires old-fashioned elbow grease.
In this Saturday, July 8, 2017 photo provided by South Korea Defense Ministry, U.S. Air Force B-1B Lancer bombers fly with South Korean and U.S. fighter jets over the Korean Peninsula, South Korea. Two U.S. bombers flew to the Korean Peninsula to join fighter jets from South Korea and Japan for a practice bombing run as part of a training mission in response to North Korea's ballistic missile and nuclear programs, officials said.
The United States flew two supersonic bombers over the Korean Peninsula on Sunday in a show of force against North Korea following the country's latest intercontinental ballistic missile test. The U.S. also said it conducted a successful test of a missile defense system located in Alaska.
The B-1 bombers were escorted by South Korean fighter jets as they performed a low-pass over an air base near the South Korean capital of Seoul before returning to Andersen Air Force Base in Guam, the U.S. Pacific Air Forces said in a statement.
It said the mission was a response to North Korea's two ICBM tests this month. Analysts say flight data from the North's second test, conducted Friday night, showed that a broader part of the mainland United States, including Los Angeles and Chicago, is now in range of Pyongyang's weapons.
"North Korea remains the most urgent threat to regional stability," said Gen. Terrence J. O'Shaughnessy, Pacific Air Forces commander. "Diplomacy remains the lead. However, we have a responsibility to our allies and our nation to showcase our unwavering commitment while planning for the worst-case scenario."
Missile Test Puts Focus on North Korea
President Donald Trump's trip to Europe and planned meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin is being overshadowed by news of North Korea's latest missile test. (Published Wednesday, July 5, 2017)
"If called upon, we are ready to respond with rapid, lethal, and overwhelming force at a time and place of our choosing," O'Shaughnessy said.
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, a California Democrat, told CBS' "Face the Nation" that North Korea's latest test presents a clear and present danger to the United States.
"I've spent time on the intelligence and at the briefings, and done as much reading as I possibly could," said Feinstein, a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee. "And I'm convinced that North Korea has never moved at the speed that this leader has to develop an ICBM."
Feinstein said the situation shows the danger of isolating a country.
"I think the only solution is a diplomatic one," she said. "I'm very disappointed in China's response, that it has not been firmer or more helpful."
The United States often sends powerful warplanes in times of heightened tensions with North Korea. B-1 bombers have been sent to South Korea for flyovers several times this year in response to the North's banned missile tests, and also following the death of a U.S. college student last month after he was released by North Korea in a coma.
Hawaii Prepping for Possibility of N. Korea Missile Attack
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency is kicking off an educational campaign aimed at helping residents and visitors figure out what to do if the state becomes a target of a nuclear missile attack from North Korea. (Published Tuesday, July 25, 2017)
The Hwasong-14 ICBM, which the North first tested on July 4, is the highlight of several new weapons systems Pyongyang launched this year. They include an intermediate range missile that North Korea says is capable of hitting Alaska and Hawaii, and a solid-fuel midrange missile, which analysts say can be fired faster and more secretly than liquid-fuel missiles.
The U.S. Missile Defense Agency said a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, system located in Kodiak, Alaska, was successfully tested on Saturday night, Alaska time. It said that a medium-range ballistic missile was air-launched over the Pacific, and that the THAAD system detected, tracked and intercepted the target.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC New York
Lawmakers on a House Oversight subcommittee criticized a Treasury Department official Wednesday over the slow roll-out of patches to a flaw discovered in encryption software used by the government last December — a fix it took the department more than eight weeks to adopt.
Texas Republican Will Hurd demanded to know why it took Treasury Department Chief Information Officer Sanjeev Bhagowalia's department two months to update virtual private network software developed by Juniper Networks after the company discovered an unauthorized backdoor last year.
“Of the 12 agencies affected, three, including the Department of Treasury, took longer than 50 days to fully install patches and mitigate the threat posed by this vulnerability,” Hurd, chairman of the Information Technology Subcommittee, said during a committee hearing Wednesday. “This is absolutely unacceptable.”
Bhagowalia said the department implemented 25 percent of the most critical patches in one day, another 84 percent within a week and the rest within just over eight. The CIO explained while 40 of the 57 devices using the software were classified as high risk, only two of them at the U.S. Mint and Bureau of Engraving and Printing were connected to the Internet.
“Within a couple of hours after the vulnerability was announced by the equipment manufacturer, the Treasury SOC [security operations center] alerted bureau-level SOC counterparts to the vulnerability and to the mitigation instructions provided by the vendor,” Bhagowalia said in his testimony. “Thanks to the quick action of the Treasury SOC and the bureaus' SOCs, remediation was already under way by the time government-wide alerts to patch vulnerable appliances were issued.”
He added no data was comprised or stolen via the vulnerability, present in the software for the last three years — and some speculate — intentionally planted by a foreign government. He conceded the department should have been more proactive in patching all vulnerable systems.
“How would you know if something was taken or not?” Hurd said.
The Texas Republican pressed Bhagowalia on why the department was still using so-called “legacy” systems no longer supported with updates by the manufacturer — an issue highlighted government-wide since the massive breach discovered last year at the U.S. Office of Personnel Management.
Bhagowalia said such systems only make up a “small percentage” of those within the department.
In December Juniper announced it had uncovered “unauthorized code that could allow a knowledgeable attacker to gain administrative access” to certain devices and “decrypt VPN [virtual private network] connections.”
Numerous government agencies and private companies have used the operating system, called ScreenOS, for the last three years. One government official likened the vulnerability to “stealing a master key to get into any government building.”
Documents leaked by National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden indicate NSA may have known about a version of the flaw in the software's random number generator in a prior release in 2011, however officials said the backdoor was not planted intentionally by any U.S. agency.
Juniper released a patch for the vulnerability days after the announcement in December and earlier this month replaced the NSA-approved random number generator with code from another product line over concerns NSA intentionally left or exploited the flaw, indirectly leaving it for others to find.
The FBI launched an investigation into the vulnerability for any evidence of use by hackers to access classified information, but said the findings could take time to determine because of the technology's broad deployment across federal networks.
The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform sent letters to 24 federal agencies in January asking about the use of the affected encryption technology.
ThreatConnect CIO Richard Barger, another witness at Wednesday's hearing, agreed the hack was likely the work of a nation state due to the technical prowess needed to keep it hidden for so long.
While a representative for the Department of Homeland Security sympathized with Juniper as the “victim” in the hack and praised the company's response, California Democrat Rep. Ted Lieu, who holds a degree in computer science from Standford, criticized the company for declining to show up for the hearing.
“Juniper is not the victim in this case,” Lieu said. “The U.S. government and the American people are.”
“I find it disrespectful that they did not come here to testify,” he added. “It insinuates they have something to hide.”
Follow Giuseppe on Twitter
Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy recently made an important and wise comment when he said that with gridlock plaguing our political system, “A democracy should not be dependent for its major decisions on what nine unelected people from a narrow legal background have to say.” Considering the controversial history of recent Supreme Court decisions regarding elections, and the pending case regarding the Voting Rights Act, the nine unelected justices should uphold the Voting Rights Act, which was not passed under gridlock but was passed by overwhelming majorities of both parties, in both the House and Senate, including those representing states covered by the act.
In my view the act should be upheld, period. For conservative justices who might be inclined to overturn the act or Section 5 of the act, I would suggest they consider that this would violate the conservative principle against extreme judicial activism. It would violate the conservative principle of avoiding political decisions. It would violate the conservative principle against the unelected judicial branch negating overwhelming agreement of the elected executive and legislative branches, which have substantially more expertise regarding free elections than those of “narrow legal background.”
ADVERTISEMENT
I would also suggest, and this important, that a court that has taken a highly restrictive position ruling against standing in long lines of (in my view) worthy litigants should consider whether the state of Alabama, which has a long and continuing history of voting rights abuses, should have standing in this case.The standing issue is important. Chief Justice John Roberts has said it might be advisable for the Congress to update which states should be covered. But as Justice Elena Kagan suggested during oral argument, no matter what formula Congress might devise, Alabama would be covered because of its long and continuing history of voting rights abuses.Later, picking up this theme, Kennedy asked why Alabama would be injured in this example, because Alabama would arguably be covered by any law. Most media have missed the potential importance of this exchange. I would suggest that Alabama should have far less right to standing in this case than far more worthy litigants (such as women challenging discrimination at work) who have been denied standing by the court.There are several conservative rationales, then, for upholding the Voting Rights Act — at least until a more worthy litigant emerges. To uphold standing for a litigant whose record is so bad that it would be swept in under any law implies that those who would uphold Alabama in this case effectively oppose all voting rights for any Americans.Americans have died at home and fought abroad for generations in defense of the right to vote.With all due respect to Justice Antonin Scalia, it demeans all Americans, all voters, all who fought and died for the right to vote, the massive majorities in the House and Senate who voted for the Voting Rights Act, presidents of both parties who supported the act and all who have defended our country on behalf of our freedom to insult, demean and trivialize the right to vote as a racial entitlement.Finally, I commend the substantial body of work supporting the Voting Rights Act on the site of the Alliance for Justice, and encourage readers to visit afj.org.One item brought to my attention by the Alliance for Justice is a statement from internationally renowned champions of human rights and democracy, such as Bishop Desmond Tutu from South Africa, reminding us how the noblest aspects of American freedom embodied by the Voting Rights Act inspire champions of freedom throughout the world, as well as Americans throughout our nation.Our nation, which champions free elections in Iran and North Korea, should defend the right to vote in honest elections here at home.It would be an historic mistake and profound legal wrong for an unelected court to again interfere in American elections, after many highly controversial political decisions by party-line votes from a hyper-political, hyper-activist court in which the foundations of our two elected branches are dominated by our one unelected branch.It would violate traditional notions of American jurisprudence and classic notions of traditional conservatism for the unelected branch to again throw out the work of huge majorities of the two elected branches, huge majorities from both parties who supported the Voting Rights Act and elected presidents from both parties who supported the Voting Rights Act that not one president, Republican or Democrat, has ever opposed.It would unconscionable for the court to tell massive numbers of women who have been victims of gender discrimination that they do not have standing, while holding that a litigant widely acknowledged to have perpetrated voting discrimination does have standing, when the only “harm” that litigant can claim would exist only if the court concludes that no American, anywhere, should have voting rights.To overturn the Voting Rights Act in this case would violate time-honored notions of American jurisprudence and cardinal values of principled conservatism.
Bud Light is coming under a lot of fire and criticism for their “Up For Whatever” slogan that many are saying advocates rape. The campaign has been around for two years now, but Bud Light has issued an apology for the slogan which goes on to say, “the perfect beer for removing ‘non' from your vocabulary for the night.”
As pictures like this have circulated around on social media platforms, critics are saying that the slogan obviously advocates rape culture. Many are jumping all over the case of Bud Light and can't believe that the logo, beer wrappers, and advertising campaign was able to slip past everyone without them realizing it was a bad idea, per Bloomberg.
Alexander Lambrecht, vice president of Anheuser-Busch's Bud Light division, got on Twitter on Tuesday to respond. He said that the company was sorry and they could never advocate or condone violent behavior of any kind.
“The Bud Light Up for Whatever campaign, now in its second year, has inspired millions of consumers to engage with our brand in a positive and light-hearted way… In this spirit, we created more than 140 different scroll messages intended to encourage spontaneous fun. It's clear that this message missed the mark, and we regret it.”
Some users on Twitter haven't just aimed questions at Bud Light asking them how they could promote the “Up For Whatever” slogan, but some have just labeled it for what they think it is doing — advocating rape.
Remember kids, if she says “yes” to a bud light, “no” isn't in her vocabulary. — Niccolo Machiavelli (@JamesEriccc) April 28, 2015
This is not the first time that Bud Light has actually gotten in hot water for their current campaign slogan. Back for St. Patrick's Day, they actually tweeted out to pinch people who were not #UpForWhatever.
This led to people saying the message from Bud Light was dangerous and that they would sue the company if anyone touched them because they said it was alright. Others responded with hashtags of their own, such as #UpForThingsIExplicitlyConsentTo and #UpForLitigation, among others.
It isn't known at this time if Bud Light will end up pulling the entire “Up For Whatever” logo and campaign due to the critics saying it promotes rape culture. For now, they've issued an apology and a message, but it's very likely that this won't end up just going away.
[Images via Reddit/Barstool Sports]
Google Maps Producing ‘Street Views' of Western States 100 Course Brian Metzler / April 21, 2016
With help from the American Trail Running Association, Google Maps is going to start documenting trails with a new backpack-mounted camera system.
Ever wonder what a trail race course really looks like before you run it? Google Maps is working on a way for you to find out.
Three years ago, Google made the Grand Canyon the inaugural subject of its Street View Trekker, a wearable backpack system that allowed 9,500 panoramic images to be shot in areas only accessible by foot. The ability to take Street View to remote, hard-to-navigate places, such as the Grand Canyon, can make those places accessible to a global audience.
Next up is the course of the Western States 100 trail race from Squaw Valley to Auburn, Calif. The American Trail Running Association (ATRA) announced recently it is working in conjunction with Google Maps to digitally map the course of the Western States 100. In June, ATRA will capture panoramic “street-view” imagery of the entire 100-mile Western States trail using Google Map's backpack-mounted camera system.
The resulting imagery will enable fans of the Western States 100 Mile Endurance Run to view the entire length of the trail from the comfort of their home, or on the go with any mobile device. Currently only a few hundred people have the fitness and privilege to run Western States; now anyone with a computer can see what the runners see during their journey from Squaw Valley to the Auburn High School track.
Led by ATRA's online marketing director Richard Bolt, the expedition of three to four trail runners will hike 20 to 25 miles each day with the 40-pound backpack-mounted camera system during the week of June 20. The expedition will be documented by experienced outdoor photographer Myke Hermsmeyer and trail running news website iRunFar.com.
ATRA's expedition team will be showing off the trekker backpack system on June 24 at the Western States Expo the day before the official race start.
After the Google Maps team has processed the image data, users will be able to view it on ATRA website at http://trailrunner.com/western-states-trekker or on one of their partner sites. They'll also have an official image launch event at the Outdoor Retailer Summer Market, August 3-6, in Salt Lake City, Utah.
“By enabling us to experience trails in a new way, the Street View effort is inspiring runners everywhere to explore new places and push their own boundaries,” says Jason Smith of Trail Run Project. “We are excited to support ATRA in this mission to capture one of the world's most iconic race courses.”
RELATED: Trail Run Project's Comprehensive Interactive Trail Database
“I think this project is great because it allows everyone to explore the historic Western States trail, whether they are prospective runners, concerned family members, or just those inspired by the original 100-mile footrace,” says Connor Curley, Sports and Community Marketing Associate for Salomon.
RELATED: Trail of the Week—Rim to Rim in the Grand Canyon
Upgraded surface-to-surface Fateh-110 missile at an undisclosed location, in Tehran, Iran, in 2010.
Iranian missiles with pinpoint accuracy that Hezbollah has received are the "real deterrent factor" in its confrontation with Israel, a leader of the militant Lebanese group told Iran's Tasnim News Agency on Sunday.
“They (Israelis) are well aware that Hezbollah is in possession of missiles with pinpoint accuracy, and thanks to the equipment Hezbollah acquired, and with the Islamic Republic's support and Hezbollah's readiness for any future war, this war will be much tougher for the Israelis,” Sheikh Naim Qassem, deputy secretary general of Hezbollah, told Tasnim.
Hezbollah has received Fateh-class Conqueror missiles that could reach Dimona, Revolutionary Guards Brigidier General Sayed Majid Moussavi reportedly said, according to Lebanese website YaLibnan, which cited Fars News Agency. The missiles have a range of 250 to 350 kilometers and are reportedly fitted with a 500kg warhead. Israel has been worried about such missiles getting into Hezbollah's hands, according to the Associated Press.
Qassem stressed that Iran also provided training to Hezbollah forces to prepare and launch the projectiles as well as technical know-how to make more missiles, according to Tasnim.
“When we are talking about the missile capability, it does not mean that only a number of Iranian missiles are delivered to the resistance (movement), but such a capability includes the entire necessary items for missiles,” he said.
The sheikh dismissed the notion that Iran's missile capacity threatened its Arab neighbors.
“Such missile capability (of Iran) is firstly to support Iran's government and Revolution, and secondly, to serve the resistance (front) in the face of the Israeli enemy and serves the regional governments as well," he told Tasnim.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
When the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) retreated from Idlib City and Palmyra in late Spring of 2015; it was assumed that the latter was suffering from a shortage of manpower to combat the Al-Qaeda affiliates from Jaysh Al-Fateh and the Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham (ISIS).
Of course the number of soldiers at these fronts were not overwhelming in favor of the Syrian Armed Forces; however, more importantly, the strategy behind these massive withdrawals was far more frustrating and mind-boggling for those who observed the battles of Palmyra and Idlib from afar.
How could their frontlines crumble so quickly? Sure, one could argue that the sleeper cells inside these cities gave the Islamist forces a boost; but, this still does not explain why the Syrian Arab Army would leave tanks, weapons, and et al.
Even more frustrating was the fact that Jaysh Al-Fateh appeared unstoppable, as they marched on foot through 30 kilometers of rugged terrain without much resistance from the Syrian Arab Army and National Defense Forces (NDF) after the fall of Idlib City in April 0f 2015.
Then there was Palmyra – a relatively uncontested city that sits in the heart of the Homs Governorate's vast desert terrain: how could ISIS evade the watchful eye of the Syrian Arab Air Force (SAAF)?
Well, the answer is simple: there was no contingency for the retreat and no coordination with the Syrian Air Force to halt ISIS' advance from Al-Sikanah.
Where were the mines? Where were the roadside bombs? Jaysh Al-Fateh and ISIS would travel from town-to-town unscathed; meanwhile, the Syrian Armed Forces would just abandon their posts, leaving their weapons and vehicles to be confiscated by the enemy combatants.
This was not the first time that the Syrian Armed Forces have committed something so foolish and it likely won't be the last time if they do not modify their withdrawal contingencies.
There is no excuse for allowing enemy forces to move freely from town-to-town without any repercussions; in fact, this has very little to do with manpower and more to do with adept battlefield commanders.
Idlib, Busra Al-Sham, and Palmyra were a disaster for the Syrian Armed Forces; and if they do not change soon, the Dara'a City salient could very well resemble Jaysh Al-Fateh's Idlib offensive.
Advertisements
The financial crisis of 2008-09 and the recession it caused didn't do much for the reputations of many policymakers around the world, but they've been quite good for the careers of Stephen Harper and Mark Carney:
Harper finally won a majority in 2011, and continues to enjoy high ratings in the polls for perceived competence. There are many dimensions where he scores much less well, but my understanding of the Conventional Wisdom is that if Harper can retain that reputation for competence when it comes to managing the economy, he will be tough to beat in 2015.
Carney earned the reputation of being the best central banker in the world, at least in the estimation of the U.K. chancellor of the exchequer, who finally managed to persuade Carney to accept the appointment as governor of the Bank of England this week.
It is now commonplace to note that Canada's recession was shorter and milder than those in the U.S. and Europe (Australia's connections to the U.S. and Europe are weaker than Canada's and it did even better) and these two men have either taken or been given credit for Canada's performance. But are these reputations the product of making good choices or just sheer luck? As always, a bit of both.
I'm going to start with a short summary of what happened in Canada during the crisis, if for no other reason that I've never tried writing one before.
Canada entered the recession on much more solid footing than most other countries. The Liberal government had put the country's financial house in order in the mid-1990s, and the Bank of Canada's inflation targeting policy had delivered low and stable inflation for a generation. When the crisis hit, the government didn't have to worry about its debt (at least in the short run), and the Bank of Canada didn't have to worry about its credibility.
And as we all know by now, while the heavily-regulated Canadian banking system can fairly be described as a cozy oligopoly, it turns out that it is also almost indestructible. As Washington University economics professor (and native Canadian) Stephen Williamson once put it,
“[T]he Canadians have somehow solved the too-big-to-fail problem. The banks are too-big-to-fail, but they never fail, so problem solved.”
No Canadian banks failed in the Great Depression, nor would any seriously risk failure in 2008-09.
These elements were in place before Harper and Carney arrived on the scene—and in the case of the banking system, before they were born. Other countries were less fortunate.
And it was lucky for us that the financial crisis occurred when it did. Canadian financial institutions' holdings of what turned out to be very dodgy asset-based commercial paper were not devastatingly large in September 2008, but they were growing. Similarly, although Canadian mortgage underwriting standards never degenerated to U.S.-style practices, there was a steady trend to making it easier to obtain mortgages: by the time the crisis hit, 40-year mortgages were on offer. If the world's banking system had managed to stagger on for a few more years, Canada might have found itself in much deeper trouble when the crisis finally came.
When the crisis did hit, the Bank of Canada and the government dealt with it as well as could be expected. Holdings of problematic asset-backed commercial paper were restructured, and investors we obliged to accept their losses: no public funds were involved. The Bank of Canada applied all its available levers to supply short-term liquidity to financial markets: interest rates were reduced to zero, and the Bank expanded its balance sheet by means of purchase and resale agreements. For its part, the government provided liquidity via the CMHC and the Insured Mortgage Purchase Program (IMPP), which allowed chartered banks to trade mortgage assets for more liquid CMHC paper. Of all the measures implemented during the crisis, the IMPP is almost certainly the most clever. It was a classic application of Bagehot's Rule for dealing with financial crises: “lend freely on good collateral at penalty rates.” Since the mortgages were already insured, the government took on no extra risk. And since CMHC paper trades at a discount from T-Bills, banks lost money in the transaction. The banks stopped using the IMPP as soon as markets started functioning normally.
In the area of monetary policy, the Bank of Canada reduced its policy rate as far as it could go on April 21, 2009, thus hitting the “Zero Lower Bound” (ZLB) for conventional monetary policy. Other central banks also hit the ZLB, but the Bank of Canada was the first to implement unconventional instruments, in the form of a “conditional commitment” to hold interest rates at the ZLB for another year. The Bank had also prepared for quantitative easing—this required the passage of special legislation enabling it to purchase a broader range of assets—but it wasn't required. The conditional commitment was abandoned in April 2010 and the Bank raised interest rates above the ZLB in the following June.
As for fiscal policy, perhaps the biggest “what if?” of the crisis was: “what if the Conservatives had not cut the per-vote political party subsidy in the November 28 2008 fiscal update?” This cut was not part of the Conservative platform, and it led to the prorogation crisis. But what if the CPC had left the vote subsidy alone? The Conservatives' initial reaction to the crisis was to impose austerity in order to avoid running a deficit—see Table 2.2 here. Not running a deficit under any circumstances was the position that the Conservatives had run on in the 2008 election, and the other parties had made similar promises. If it weren't for the vote-subsidy measure, it seems to me that the opposition would have most likely let these measures pass.
If the government had imposed austerity, it may still be the case that the Bank of Canada could have and would have implemented measures that offset a contractionary fiscal policy during a recession and when interest rates are at zero — the debate over whether that would have worked is ongoing and lively. And it would have been risky to entrust policy to what is still an untested conjecture.
Happily, that conjecture was never put to the test. The March 2009 budget went the other way, applying the textbook treatment: an explicitly temporary increase in spending, one that was phased out when output and employment had recovered their pre-recession levels. The jury is still out as to the effectiveness of the stimulus program (the recession ended before the spending actually got underway), but it was definitely a good idea at the time. It's extremely unlikely that the stimulus program actually made the recession worse.
There was more to the government's handling of the recession than the stimulus package, of course. As noted earlier, the Department of Finance played a key role in providing liquidity to financial markets and worked closely with the Bank of Canada during the crisis. The bailout of the auto sector was also a good decision. A long-term decline of a large sector is one thing; a catastrophic collapse in the middle of a recession is quite another.
The Canadian recovery was due to three main factors:
A sharp depreciation of the Canadian dollar, which helped boost exports. A quick recovery in commodity prices, driven by continuing demand from Asia. A housing sector that still had room to grow and consumers whose personal finances allowed them to take on debt.
These were things that countries like the U.S. and the U.K. didn't have.
Looking back on all this, you see a lot of things that had nothing to do with who was actually in charge. Neither Harper nor Carney can take credit for Canada's strengths going into the crisis, and they can't be blamed for the financial meltdown that caused the crisis. So upon what basis can we allot credit for their performances?
Mark Carney first. It's very hard—impossible for anyone who is not a Bank insider—to work through the relevant counterfactual exercise of re-running the crisis with someone else as Governor. But I think we can safely assume that the Bank would almost certainly have done much the same thing: central banking is not a one-man show, and Mark Carney can't do everything for himself. That said, my impression is that Carney was generally an advocate of acting quickly and forcefully. (Much of this impression comes from his very first interest rate decision as Governor in March 2008: a surprise cut of 50 basis points in the overnight rate on the basis of the U.S. outlook.) And it is perhaps this reputation—plus his willingness to lock horns with financiers who opposed his calls for stronger banking regulations—that made his candidacy so attractive to the Bank of England. But it is too much to go on to conclude that we owe our recovery to Mark Carney.
It's important to remember that Stephen Harper's first instinct—austerity—was likely to have accentuated the severity of the recession. But it's also important to remember that he ended up doing what the textbooks recommend. Doing the right thing only reluctantly and as part of a strategy to win a confidence vote may not sound like much of an achievement except for the fact that he did it. I suppose I might give extra credit to Stephen Harper if he had wanted to do the right thing from the start, but what really matters is the final decisions he made and implemented. (I'm certainly not inclined to give the U.K. Conservatives extra credit because they followed their instincts and imposed austerity in the middle of a recession.)
What I take away from this is that we could have done much worse, but I don't think we could have done much better. Stephen Harper and Mark Carney were dealt good hands and they played them well.
WASHINGTON – After a transsexual who was born male decided to reclaim the gender with which he was born, the California courts fought him.
For 28 years.
Walter Heyer told WND on Friday that it took him no more than 90 days in 1983 to legally become a woman, but after realizing his “sex reassignment surgery” was a grave mistake he was confronted with a judiciary stacked with activist judges who share a secularist ideology.
“You say you are a transgender and you go to the courts and say you want to change from male to female, they think you are perfectly sane – that you are just fine,” he said. “If you go back to court, and this is what many of the de-transitioners – what we laugh about is, if you say you want to de-transition, everybody thinks you are nuts. So you are perfectly sane to be transgender, but you are nuts if you don't want to be.”
At issue was the designation on his birth certificate. He just recently obtained a corrected document, 28 years after first seeking it.
Heyer struggled with gender dysphoria from as early as the age of four. He blames the sexual abuse he experienced from a male family member and his grandmother's decision to secretly clothe him as a girl as a child for his confused perspective on his gender identity.
He underwent a sex change operation, hormone therapy and began living his life as Laura in 1983. During his time as a woman he extensively examined psychological studies which contended transgenderism is an emotional, psychological and psychiatric disorder. When he began to “embrace a relationship with Jesus Christ,” ultimately “reality … set in.”
“I thought I was perfectly fine for the first few years,” he explained.
“Outlasting the Gay Revolution” spells out eight principles to help Americans with conservative moral values counter attacks on our freedoms of religion, speech and conscience by homosexual activists
But he said, “Gender dysphoria is only a symptom of a deeper and more morbid psychological and emotional disorder that cannot be treated with surgery and hormones. Gender dysphoria itself is a term for depression. Dysphoria is the opposite of euphoria – so it's gender depression. Once I examined the studies that's when regret – reality set in.”
Heyer decided to live his life as a man again, but would encounter judges, over and over, who would make reverting back to the gender he was born an arduous bureaucratic ordeal.
“At least seven different judges” over a 28-year period refused his request to change his birth certificate back to male, he said.
“[Judges] would stop me at every turn.”
Heyer sought legal assistance from the Liberty Counsel, and finally was successful – by circumventing the court system entirely.
California's transgender law no longer requires court orders to change gender designations on driver's licenses, social security cards, birth certificates or passports.
Matt Staver, president of Liberty Council, contends that Heyer was prohibited by the court from reversing his birth certificate gender – back to the original – because activist judges in California are committed to promoting an ideology which promotes gender confusion.
“People in the California government did not want to acknowledge that anyone would want to go back to their original birth sex. It's all part of the LBGT agenda, they want to promote homosexuality and transgenderism, so they are very quick to switch your birth certificate from your original birth sex. It's part of their ideological agenda,” Staver said.
“When you come back to term and tell them [trying to change your gender] was a mistake, they have a resistance to it because it undercuts their whole ideology that you are only going one way, this is not something that you are wired to do, this is a personal choice. And that cuts the whole LBGT agenda.”
“Institutions like the American Psychological Association, American Medical Association, American Psychiatric Association have become controlled by secularist who want to ‘remove normality to human sexuality,'” Staver warns.
“It goes back to Dr. Alfred Kinsey, and his book ‘Sexual Behavior in the Human Male' – his whole point was to remove any kind of sexual restriction and engage in all kinds of sexual activity that is a way to ultimately destroy Judeo Christian values – and ultimately destroy God,” he said. “That is what is behind the left's agenda to promote transgenderism. It is an objection to objective reality. It's a rebellion against our Creator who created us as male and female. It fits their narrative to deconstruct the natural creative order.”
Destroying religion is the primary objective of the LBGTQ agenda which is predominantly funded by billionaire communist George Soros, Heyer argues.
“The LGBTQ [agenda], which is funded in large part by Soros, has become a political action group to promote the destruction of gender. That is why the LGBT has identified so many gender pronouns, 40 some of them. The whole situation here is to destroy gender because if you destroy the male and female gender and break it into many pieces, than you destroy the biblical foundation of man and women and marriage between a man and woman,” he said.
He continued: “This is a total war on the biblical values of men and women and family. Make no mistake about it, these are an agenda – the people who are funding this are not people who are basing their ideology on Scripture. If you read Scripture you will find out we should not be turning over our bodies to be sliced up, and chopped up and altered and falsify a gender pronoun and say that you've changed from male to female when in fact that's not true.”
Heyer, who now publicly shares his story at numerous conferences and churches throughout the country and has authored numerous articles on transgenderism, says society isn't providing those who struggle with gender identity issues with proper help and assistance.
“According to the research studies and the writings that I've done and the work I've done over the last 12 years, over 60 percent of the transgender population are suffering from what's identified as a co-morbid disorder, which is a group of emotional psychological and psychiatric disorders. … Those include one sexual fetish that people don't talk much about which is called auto-ginophilia – where the individuals actually fall in love with themselves when they are dressed up – they actually become the object of their own affection,” he said.
“Society really isn't providing the proper help, education and assistance to people who struggle with gender identity issues. We are just sending them off to the surgical mill. What we know is somewhere between 3 and 12 years later, regret sets in and a certain number of them will have the courage to de-transition to live the rest of their life unhappy.”
“Outlasting the Gay Revolution” spells out eight principles to help Americans with conservative moral values counter attacks on our freedoms of religion, speech and conscience by homosexual activists
BERLIN — Chancellor Angela Merkel has canceled most of her meetings for the next three weeks after doctors ordered her to rest in bed following a fall while cross-country skiing in Switzerland over the Christmas holiday, her spokesman said Monday.
Ms. Merkel had traveled to the Engadin Valley, where she regularly spends winter vacation with her family. She originally believed she had only been badly bruised after falling, but a doctor told her on Friday that she had probably suffered a pelvic fracture, Ms. Merkel's spokesman, Steffen Seibert, told reporters.
“She fell while cross-country skiing,” Mr. Seibert said. “We do not believe she was going very fast.”
Mr. Seibert said that all of the chancellor's scheduled travel plans had been canceled, along with several meetings in Berlin. She will continue to work from home, although she plans to lead in person the first meeting of her Cabinet when it convenes on Wednesday. “She is of course at work, and every day,” Mr. Seibert added.
No state should deny its residents the essential right to exercise their religion. No state should target or disfavor any faith. No state should engage in actions that contravene the requirements of the U.S. Constitution, and no state should seek to limit the independence of the judiciary.
All of these values may seem self-evident and fundamental to our liberty, and they are. Yet these same principles were at the heart of a legal challenge brought by the American Civil Liberties Union and the Council on American-Islamic Relations to Oklahoma's so-called "Save Our State Amendment," which barred state courts from applying — or even considering — foreign law, international law, and Islamic "Sharia law."
Last week, a federal court struck down the "Save Our State Amendment," sending an important reminder that "[w]hile the public has an interest in the will of the voters being carried out, … the public has a more profound and long-term interest in upholding an individual's constitutional rights."
In essence, the court took a stand against religious intolerance. The amendment was approved by Oklahoma voters in November 2010, as proponents across the state and nation warned of a mythical "Sharia threat" that was somehow poised to overtake the judicial system. When pressed, legislative sponsors in Oklahoma couldn't cite even a single misstep by the state's courts, let alone any "onslaught" of Sharia law in Oklahoma or elsewhere in the U.S. But that didn't stop proponents from sounding the false alarm and warning, for example, that Muslims were "coming here to take away those liberties and freedoms from your children, my children, and our grandchildren." Fortunately, the court ignored this groundless fear-mongering, and had no trouble concluding last week that the "Save Our State Amendment" wrongly targeted one faith for official disfavored treatment. Echoing an earlier appellate court decision , the district court deemed the measure an unmistakable, blatant violation of the First Amendment's religious freedom guarantees.
Another key element of the "Save Our State Amendment" — the prohibition on judicial consideration of foreign and international law — also clearly violated the federal Constitution. The U.S. Supreme Court has long held that " international law is part of our law ," and the U.S. Constitution expressly requires ratified treaties to be regarded as the " supreme law of the land ." By preventing Oklahoma's judges from considering international treaties signed by the President and ratified by the Senate, Oklahoma's amendment was in direct conflict with the U.S. Constitution. For two centuries, moreover, American courts (including the Supreme Court) have been considering, and, when appropriate, applying foreign and international law, including in seminal cases like Marbury v. Madison . Attempts to prevent Oklahoma judges from appropriately considering foreign or international law raise very serious issues, including the separation of powers and the independence of Oklahoma's courts and judges.
It may be an effective political strategy to demonize religious minorities or to oppose anything foreign or international, but it also undermines our liberties and coarsens our political discourse. The federal court in Oklahoma got it right and took a clear stand for justice, but we can't always rely on judicial action. It's critical, therefore, to defeat these bigoted and unnecessary measures before they become law and to hold our elected leaders to a higher standard of accountability to uphold the Constitution.
Clutching a picture of his late daughter and a sign by his feet with a strong and clear message, a peanut farmer urged fellow voters not to elect Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore — and his heartbreaking reason is touching many beyond Monday night's rally.
Nathan Mathis, 74, called out Moore's history of homophobia and bigotry while speaking about his gay daughter Patti Sue, who committed suicide at age 23.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
“My name is Nathan Mathis, my daughter was Patti Sue Mathis — that's her right there,” he told reporters outside Moore's rally in Midland City. “Judge Roy Moore called her a pervert on one reason, because she was gay. If he called her a pervert, he called your child a pervert if she was gay or your son was gay. This is something people need to stop and think about: You're supposed to uphold a Constitution. The Constitution said all men are created equal, well how's my daughter a pervert just because she was gay?”
Nathan Mathis is here outside the Moore event. He tells me his daughter committed suicide and says Roy Moore called her a pervert because she was gay. “My sign says it all,” he said. pic.twitter.com/5qZnM0IyNJ — Andrew Desiderio (@desiderioDC) December 11, 2017
Moore has repeatedly voiced his opposition to LGBT rights, appearing on a radio program hosted by a controversial pastor who has preached the death penalty for homosexuality and sharing an article praising Russia's anti-gay laws on Facebook in July 2015.
At November campaign event, CNN reports he said, “I oppose transgender rights. There is no right to believe you're a person of the opposite sex or opposite gender.”
Mathis admitted that he once shared anti-gay beliefs.
“I said bad things to my daughter myself, which I regret,” he said. “But I can't take back what happened to my daughter. Stuff like saying my daughter was a pervert, I'm sure that bothered her.”
He continued, ” Judge Moore didn't just say my daughter — he didn't call my daughter by name — he called all gay people are perverts. Abominations. That's not true! We don't need a person like that representing us in Washington.”
Mathis' sign read, “Judge Roy Moore called my daughter Patti Sue Mathis a pervert because she was gay. A 32-year-old Roy Moore dated teenage girls ages 14 to 17. So that makes him a pervert of the worst kind. Please don't vote for Roy Moore!”
RELATED VIDEO: Sen. Al Franken Resigns Amid Sexual Misconduct Allegations But Says: ‘I'm Not Giving Up My Voice'
The Alabama election was thrust into the national spotlight after the Washington Post reported last month that Moore, who was expected to cruise to victory in the overwhelmingly conservative state, had pursued several women when they were teenagers and he was in his thirties. Leigh Corfman claims Moore pursued her when when she was just 14, while Beverly Young Nelson, says Moore sexually assaulted her when she was 16, groping her against her will, and — after she resisted—“squeezing my neck and attempting to force my head into his crotch.”
Moore has repeatedly denied all claims of sexual misconduct against him.
“These allegations are completely false. They are malicious. Specifically, I do not know any of these women nor have I ever engaged in sexual misconduct with anyone,” he said at an Alabama rally in late November.
Hikers who aren't prepared for the extremes of New Hampshire's terrain and weather may want to reevaluate their plans for outdoor adventures.
In late 1999, New Hampshire Fish and Game Department announced that hikers who negligently cause themselves to become lost or injured - resulting in costly and dangerous rescues - may be billed for those rescue services.
Under the current law, which is supported by the Fish and Game Commission, the Department reviews each search and rescue mission to determine whether a bill should be sent to those involved. Hikers who may be billed include those who are poorly equipped for terrain or weather and/or lack reasonable skills or stamina to handle the hike without getting lost or injured.
The many dedicated and highly trained volunteers from diverse agencies and organizations are an integral part of New Hampshire's search and rescue missions. As the lead agency in charge of such missions, the New Hampshire Fish and Game Department, handles roughly 150 to 200 search and rescues each year. Of those, only a small number are initiated because of the actions of negligent hikers.
This small number of negligent hikers can present some very difficult, dangerous and expensive search and rescue missions; and it is those hikers who'll be billed for rescues. It is hoped that the prospects of getting a bill will itself act as a deterrent to hikers who may otherwise make incorrect and uneducated decisions.
Search and rescue in New Hampshire is funded by a $1 surcharge on every New Hampshire Off Highway Recreational Vehicle and boat registration.
Automatically generating wine tasting notes with Markov chains
Creating pseudorandom wine back labels customized by price, rating, type, or region using data from Wine.com
Go! Automatically generated tasting note:
If you've ever glanced at the back label of a bottle of wine, you've likely been greeted with an array of descriptors promising flavors like "licorice, black cherry, cedar and spice" to prospective purchasers. Others may have heard similar strings of wondrous scents uttered by their local wine snob. To the uninitiated, such descriptions can be intimidating - I can't count how many people have told me that they "couldn't taste" because they couldn't take a sip of wine and compose a daunting list of adjectives. However, the ability to write convincing tasting notes is not reserved for the gifted. There are a lot of "tricks" which make an experienced wino' observations sound a lot more sophisticated. For example, as I've explored in my earlier work, many descriptors are inherently tied to each other. Thus, if you can pick out even a single flavor - say, "blackberry" - you can safely append several others (black currant, plum, etc.) with virtually no one able to gainsay you.
However, as it turns out, even such tricks as these are too complicated by half. Human intelligence isn't required - a quite simple computer algorithm can produce reasonably coherent tasting notes. Data scientist Tony Fischetii demonstrated last year that a Markov Chain could produce remarkably realistic tasting notes. If you want to learn more about Markov chains, there's a fantastic interactive explanation here.
For our present purpose, however, the most accessible example is your smartphone's predictive text feature. When you're typing a message to someone, most modern phones will anticipate what your next work will be before you've even started it. The phone does this by remembering pairs (or more) of words that you've written in the past, and suggesting the most frequent ones. This process can actually proceed without human intervention - the system simply chooses the next word randomly, weighting its choice by how many times it's seen particular paris, triplets, etc. in the past. By consecutively adding new words in this way, long pieces of text can be generated. The process is locally smart but globally dumb: small sets of words tend to make sense in isolation, but both grammar and meaning may be lost over longer runs. Nonetheless, Markov-generated text often achieves surprising verisimilitude.
When I read Fischetti's work, I immediately wanted to try something similar with the large dataset I previously retrieved from Wine.com. While Fischetti's scraped about 9000 reviews directly from Wine Spectator, I had a considerably larger corpus of 63,012 usable winemaker's notes from Wine.com. Moreover, I had easy access to a considerable amount of meta-data about each wine, such as its price, critical scores, varietal, and region of origin. Using these data to cross-section the reviews, I was able to train Markov chains separately on different types of wine. I implemented my program in R rather than Python, but otherwise it's essentially identical to Fischetti's approach. You can access tens of thousands of pre-generated Markov-based winemaker's notes using the menus above. The price and rating toggles in the menus above refer to median splits on the full set of wines. The available regions were those with a sufficient number of notes to teach the Markov chain, when split by price, rating, and winetype. I've done my best to remove any references to particular wineries, but inevtiably some will have slipped through, so apologies to anyone inadvertently thus featured.
Overall, the results of the Markov generation process were mixed - some are nonsensical, self-contradictory, or ungrammatical, but many are quite coherent and convincingly human. Ultimately, perhaps they're best considered as the tasting notes a critic might write after finishing the bottle.
CONNACHT HEAD COACH Pat Lam has named just 22 players in his matchday squad for Sunday's Challenge Cup clash with Newcastle Falcons at Kingston Stadium (KO 3pm).
The province's crippling injury crisis means 20 players were unavailable to Lam this weekend.
Exciting scrum-half Caolin Blade is in the XV. Source: James Crombie/INPHO
Connacht had hoped to name a 23-man squad, including eight front row players, before Ronan Loughney pulled up with a back injury during training earlier today.
Highly-promising 19-year-old loosehead Conan O'Donnell will make his first start for the province on Sunday, while out-half Shane O'Leary earns the same honour. Alongside him in the halfback pairing is the exciting Caolin Blade.
Craig Ronaldson returns in midfield after recovering from concussion, while Rodney Ah You come into the team at tighthead. Danny Qualter gets his first start this season in the second row and Andrew Browne returns from injury alongside him.
The back row sees Eoghan Masterson make his comeback from injury, while George Naoupu captains the team from number eight.
Georgian native and Athlone man Saba Meunargia is among the replacements, after the academy prop was added to Connacht's Challenge Cup earlier this week.
Connacht (v Newcastle):
15. Danie Poolman
14. Rory Parata
13. Peter Robb
12. Craig Ronaldson
11. Niyi Adeolokun
10. Shane O'Leary
9. Caolin Blade
1. Conan O'Donnell
2. Jason Harris-Wright
3. Rodney Ah You
4. Danny Qualter
5. Andrew Browne
6. Sean O'Brien
7. Eoghan Masterson
8. George Naoupu
Replacements:
16. Shane Delahunt
17. Finlay Bealham
18. Saba Meunargia
19. Aly Muldowney
20. Dave Heffernan
21. Ian Porter
22. Jack Carty
Unavailable from European registered Squad: Tom McCartney, Denis Buckley (injured and deregistered), Ronan Loughney, Nathan White, Ben Marshall, Quinn Roux, Nepia Fox-Matamua (injured and deregistered), John Muldoon, James Connolly, Eoin McKeon, John Cooney, Kieran Marmion, AJ MacGinty, Bundee Aki, Dave McSharry, Robbie Henshaw, Fionn Carr, Matt Healy, Darragh Leader, Tiernan O'Halloran.
Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images
Shaquille O'Neal celebrates his 39th birthday today as the Boston Celtics currently sit at the top of the Eastern Conference. While Shaq is currently sidelined with an Achilles tendon injury, he is in a good position this season to compete for his fifth NBA Championship ring.
Fourteen years ago though, O'Neal could have found himself in a life-altering situation as he planned to attend a party with his friend, the Notorious B.I.G. Shaq recently talked with ESPN's "Outside The Lines" reflecting on how he met Biggie and pondering how things could have been different.
Shaquille O'Neal first became a fan of Notorious B.I.G. (Christopher Wallace) when he heard his name used in one of Biggie's songs.
"First time I heard Biggie Smalls was he said my name in a rap," Shaq told ESPN. "Said 'I'm slamming brothers like Shaquille, s--t is real'…And instantly I became a fan."
Shaq, playing for the Lakers at the time and also attempting his own music career, put out a call hoping to meet Biggie in person.
"My concept was always to rap with my favorite rappers," Shaq recalled, "So I put out a call to him and asked if he would do a song with me."
The Notorious B.I.G. would appear on Shaq's 1996 album, "You Can't Stop the Reign."
The next time Shaq planned to see his friend was the fateful night that the MC was shot and killed in Los Angeles.
Shaq, playing in his first season for the Lakers at the time, had planned to attend a Soul Train Awards after party with Biggie. "I was in my condo. I had on a cold white suit, white hat and all that. I was on my way. I was dressed. Ready to go," O'Neal said.
"I just fell asleep. I woke up about 4 o'clock from a call from my mother," Shaq said. "She said 'Did you go to the party?' I'm like, 'No, what're you talking about?' She said, 'You know, your friend was shot.' And I was like, 'What?' So then I hung up with her and called some people and they told me what had happened."
Shaq recalls his friend's death and wonders if he had been there that night if he could somehow have changed the evening's outcome. Perhaps his presence in the car would have prevented the gunman from shooting at the vehicle (assuming, of course, the gunman was a Lakers fan and not a Clippers fan).
The more likely event is not that Shaq would have been able to prevent the incident from happening. The likely event is that the gunman still would have opened fire and the sports world would have been robbed of watching one of the NBA's biggest stars perform through the prime of his career.
Fourteen years have passed since the death of his friend. In that time, Shaq has gone on to win four NBA championships, three NBA Finals MVP awards, play in 10 NBA All-Star Games, be the All-Star Game MVP three times and lead the NBA in scoring once.
Without Shaq in the league, do the Lakers still three-peat in 2000, 2001 and 2002? If not, Kobe is not contending with Michael Jordan in ring count, removing another popular debate.
The tragic loss of a talented artist was hard enough for fans to endure; losing a superstar athlete in the same event would have changed the history of the NBA.
I do not know if Shaq could have changed the outcome of that night or not, but as a sports fan and one who finds Shaquille O'Neal entertaining, I am glad that he fell asleep that night and missed that party.
"I just was thinking that I'm fortunate enough to say that I knew him. Fortunate enough to say that he blessed me with 32 bars on my album. I'm blessed enough to say that he knew me and I knew him. So I really don't think about the bad times just think about the good times. Even when I hear his verses on different beats it still sounds like he's still here."
Free Tibet, a London-based advocacy group, has identified nearly 100 fake Twitter accounts, which are being used to spread the Chinese government's propaganda on Tibet on the microblogging site.
According to the New York Times, which reportedly assisted in the investigation, while there is no direct evidence to link the Chinese government to the fake accounts, “the content and breadth of the effort would suggest the involvement of a state actor.” The accounts reportedly portrayed the Chinese regions of Tibet and Xinjiang in a flattering light, despite decades of unrest in these regions.
“When it comes to Tibet, nothing that China does surprises us, but this appears to be something new,” Alistair Currie, media manager for Free Tibet, said, according to the Times.
The rights group also reportedly said that the fake accounts, which mostly had Western names, attacked the Dalai Lama and that they also portrayed Tibet as a "contented and idyllic Chinese province."
More than 130 people have reportedly set themselves on fire in Tibet since 2009 to protest China's harsh policies in the region.
Some of the fake accounts were reportedly accompanied by profile pictures that included photos taken by professional photographers, while others featured stock images and photos of dead celebrities.
According to the Times, one account with the name Lydia May had a profile photo taken by a photographer from suburban Atlanta. This fake account had tweets showing that the user was annoyed by the Dalai Lama's visit to the U.S. this year, while in another tweet the user shared with followers an article titled, “Xinjiang eyes housing, education for poverty mitigation.”
Free Tibet has reportedly urged Twitter CEO Dick Costolo to ensure that the social media service "cannot be used for deceptive propaganda interests of authoritarian regimes in the future." According to reports, by early Tuesday, Twitter had suspended many of the accounts identified in the report, but Free Tibet said that there are 100 more fake accounts yet to be identified.
While the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 launches started off with Microsoft and Sony trading congratulatory tweets, Microsoft has stepped up its marketing recently. In promotional emails, the software giant is offering $100 towards an Xbox One when people "ditch" Sony's PlayStation 3. The trade-in deal is only available at Microsoft's retail stores in the US, and it applies to the PS3, Xbox 360 S, or Xbox 360 E.
The promotion reduces the $100 gap, and brings the Xbox One price down to the same $399 as the PlayStation 4. Given a base model PS3 retails for around $200 right now, it's not a bad offer if you have a slightly aging PlayStation 3. However, if Microsoft is hoping this latest promotion will tempt PlayStation 3 owners by reducing the Xbox One cost, it might find that Sony console owners simply keep their old PS3 and pay $399 for a PlayStation 4.
A stoppage-time goal from Harry Panayiotou denied Rangers victory and meant their Scottish Championship title will have to wait.
The Raith Rovers sub had a penalty saved seconds earlier but redeemed himself by scrambling an equaliser with the last kick of the ball.
Kenny Miller had added to first-half goals from Harry Forrester and Michael O'Halloran to put Rangers on the brink.
But goals from Louis Longridge and James Craigen helped spoil the party.
The draw not only extends Rovers' unbeaten run to seven games but also takes Ray McKinnon's fourth-top side closer to securing a place in the promotion play-offs after Greenock Morton and Queen of the South drew their matches.
Several thousand Rangers fans had packed the stands at Stark's Park in anticipation of a title party.
However, when Longridge's perfectly-struck shot sailed over goalkeeper Wes Foderingham, it was the first hint that the celebratory champagne might remain on ice.
Kenny Miller thought he had secured the title when he fired Rangers into a 3-2 lead
After watching a point-blank shot somehow turned round the post by Kevin Cuthbert, Forrester planted a header in off the post from the resultant corner to renew the visitors' hopes.
Forrester had looked Rangers' greatest threat and he showed great composure to pick out O'Halloran for a tap-in when a less cool customer might have shot himself.
For all their attacking muscle, Mark Warburton's side have a vulnerability in defence and Craigen had far too much room to fire in a long-range shot that may have taken a slight deflection but should not have been allowed to slip into the net by Foderingham.
What looked like the winning blow was struck by Rangers stalwart Miller, who raced on to Andy Halliday's pass to hammer the ball past Cuthbert for his 17th goal of the season.
As much as the goal meant to him and his team-mates, it was nothing compared to the feeling of jubilation among the visiting fans as they prepared for life in the top-flight of Scottish football.
However, although Panayiotou had a spot kick saved by Foderingham after being fouled by Halliday, the on-loan Leicester City forward grabbed a sensational equaliser by forcing the ball over the line at the end of a goalmouth scramble.
Rangers will have another chance to claim the title on Tuesday, though, when they welcome Dumbarton to Ibrox.
Millennials have been blamed for so many things.
And rightly so. They're a generation possessed by destroying everything in their path.
SEE ALSO: Meet the one phone created exclusively for millennials
There's no shortage of essays that have figured out that millennials are responsible for ruining everything. Here's a list of all of the things that millennials have destroyed so far.
The Olympics
Image: tim de waele/Corbis via Getty Images
In June, NBCUniversal CEO Steve Burke said, "We wake up someday and the ratings are down 20 percent. If that happens, my prediction would be that millennials had been in a Facebook bubble or a Snapchat bubble and the Olympics have come, and they didn't know it."
And because the primetime viewership was down 25 percent for the coveted 18-49 age group compared to the 2012 games in London, fingers are pointed at millennials.
However, Gizmodo suggested that the way people watch TV is so different now that millennials aren't to blame, but rather NBC must take responsibility for failing to see how most people consume content today.
But more than Ryan Lochte, more than green water and paved over regions of Brazil, Millennials are what ruined the 2016 Olympics.
Diamonds
Image: david livingston/Getty Images
The diamond industry's been cutting its prices down due to the fact that fewer millennials are buying diamonds.
Is it because diamonds can come from unethical origins, as The Daily Beast suggests? Or, is it because diamonds are too expensive, and millennials can't afford them?
We're a generation in which side-hustles are required just so we can pay our rent. Of course diamonds aren't our best friend. $20 off an Uber ride discounts already are.
But that explanation might be too obvious. The decline is because millennials hate diamonds and gotta get them gone.
Bar soap
Image: Ross Hailey/MCT via Getty Images
Sales for bars of soap are down among people ages 18 to 24, which means millennials are at it once again, hellbent on destroying yet another outdated industry.
Bar soap leaves a weird residue on your skin, doesn't work seamlessly with a loofah (millennials love to exfoliate as an extension of constant efforts to clarify their brands) and doesn't fit the on-the-go lifestyle of a millennial.
Beyond that, millennials just wanted to pick something that baby boomers loved. Something simple and easily forgotten, but will make people go nuts once it's gone.
Vacation time
Image: Oli Scarff/Getty Images
Say it with me! "Millennials! Hate! Vacations!"
And so, looking at a nation of people working very hard, millennials thought, "Let's destroy it." After meeting in their headquarters in an obscure speakeasy in Brooklyn, millennials decided they hated vacations so much that no one should be able to take them.
Sure, the conditions they're working under are tough, they earn little pay and aren't given many vacation days, yet they aren't interested in taking them; not so they impress their supervisors, but just so they can stop vacations from the inside.
Great Britain
Image: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images
Still confused about Brexit? Well, I bet it makes sense now that you know it was the result of millennials.
While the majority of millennial voters wanted to stay in the EU, of all age groups, millennials had the worst voter turnout.
Millennials wanted to create a sense of mystery (it's why they'll never show their full body on their Snap Story) so they lied to say they support Britain then just didn't vote, when obviously, the wanted to leave all along so they could destroy Britain.
The workforce
Image: oli scarff/Getty Images
Millennials aren't lazy; they're conniving. They're not opting to freelance due to a lack of available jobs, it's because they want to put an end to the workforce. No more offices, no more 9-5 for everyone.
They'll ask for praises and raises, not in order to survive, but in order to shut down the workforce for good. Every millennial just wants to sit at home all day with an HBO Go password and free rent, and they won't stop until they've achieved that reality.
Marriage
Image: Getty Images
Millennials aren't getting married. You might guess it's due to a desire to avoid the expensive costs of marriage, but that's not it.
It's because millennials want to destroy every traditional value held by this country. So, even if two people are totally in love and want to get married, they won't. Because the only thing stronger than their love for each other is their hatred for things Baby Boomers hold in esteem.
Trees
Image: karen bleier/AFP/Getty Images
Millennials enjoy reading physical copies of books, not because of their support for the publishing industry, lack of interest in e-readers or any of the science that suggests your brain builds a map of information. And because they like books, they're contributing to de-forestation.
And of course, that's not it. It's because they want to kill trees but don't want to just cut them all down themselves, because, as we've already discussed, they don't want to be in the workforce.
The American Dream
Image: graphica arts/Getty Images
48 percent of millennials think the American Dream is dead. The other 52 percent think they just haven't officially killed it yet.
This is not because of the horrible financial conditions under which they've become adults, it is because they know that in order to take down America, they're going to need to destroy its dream.
The hangout sitcom
Image: NBC via Getty Images
Apparently, millennials have stopped watching a bunch of people sit around and talk about their problems on TV. This is because millennials don't want anyone to take the night off and have a laugh while hanging out with their favorite television characters.
Millennials want you to listen to their own problems instead. In their quest to do that, they've decided to ruin the hangout sitcom. Although the thinkpiece has not yet been written, it is common knowledge that millennials hate Ross Gellar.
Sex
Image: mariana silvia eliano/Getty Images
Beloved by Baby Boomers and the reason for their existence, millennials figured out that the final way to destroy everything would be to just stop having sex.
So they don't.
Reports show that sex among millennials is way down compared to previous generations, but those numbers are probably fabricated. No millennial has ever had any kind of sex.
An (Abridged) History of Red Lipstick
Most trends – brown lipstick, heavy blush, that period of time in the late '90s when we all collectively decided that we should wear a lot of frosted blue eye shadow with no liner – are evocative of an era, while others – such as red lipstick – survive no matter what other kind of bonkers looks are going on (see: all of the 1980s. Seriously, I don't know why anyone ever thought that much blush was a good idea). I hate using the word “timeless” because it reminds me too much of other words I hate, such as “bliss” and anything else that could be used in an inspirational saying, but red lipstick is one of the few makeup looks that has always remained current no matter the era.
Lipstick itself dates back to Queen Schub-ad or Puabi of Ur, a Sumerian ruler around 2500 B.C. The first documented lip tint was made with pulverized red rocks and white lead (this was not the last time people were like, “Check out all this sweet lead! Hey, what if we put it on our mouths oh god I'm dying”). Many early lip colours were made from things that would be inadvisable to glob on, such as crushed ants and carmine beetles in ancient Egypt or crocodile feces and sheep sweat in ancient Greece (NOTE: How do you even collect that? Do you, like, get the sheep to wear little sweatbands and then wring them out?). There was also more colour variation than one would think: In ancient Egypt, popular colours outside of red included orange and indigo, which means that the ancient Egyptians were the original goth kids.
In parts of Asia, red “lipstick” was also an early cosmetic. In China, nail colour was the main cosmetic used by the upper classes, but the first lipsticks (the earliest ones were created around A.D. 25) were made with a beeswax base as a way to protect the skin around the lips, with people adding scented oils to make them smell nicer and red pigments made out of crushed plants, blood, or vermillion. The way that lipstick was applied also changed drastically from dynasty to dynasty — during the Qin Dynasty (221 to 206 B.C.), for example, women would paint a large dot on the lower lip and a point on the upper lip; during the Sui (581 to 618) and Tang (618 to 907) Dynasties, they would paint the shape of a cherry.
In Japan (starting in the Heian period), geisha were the most visible users of makeup. They would use mashed safflower petals to create a pigment to colour their lips, starting around 1600 in the Edo period (FUN FACT: Many geisha used lead-based products to lighten the skin on their face, neck, and chest. Someone should really go back in time to tell people that smearing lead all over their faces is a terrible, terrible idea). For geisha, the way that lip pigments were applied depended on the stage they were at in their training, and whether or not they were considered a new full-fledged geisha or a more experienced one (shown by painting only the upper or lower lip, for example). Aside from geisha, lip colour went in and out of popularity in Japan; during the Edo period, some women would pair red lip rouge along with white face powder and blackened teeth, proving yet again that early makeup trends were way, way more metal than anything we do now.
Two of the big players in lipstick trends during the 1300s-1900s were England and France. While France was relatively permissive and lip rouge was a consistent trend there throughout various eras (with Guerlain being one of the most popular brands), England had a weird back-and-forth relationship with lip colour, ranging from Totally Cool to STOP USING IT RIGHT NOW YOUNG LADY. During the Dark and Middle Ages, lip rouge was worn by lower-class people in various European countries, including England, Germany, Spain, and Ireland. They used herbal and plant-based dyes to redden their lips. The Church did not look fondly upon this, and deemed the look to be “Satanic” (“Don't you dare rebel, young lady!” “Screw you, Mom, I'm going to wear these crushed rose petals! HAIL SATAN”).
By the 1500s, things began to change. Queen Elizabeth I was a dedicated devotee of lip rouge, to the point where she believed that it had healing powers and even the ability to ward off death (incidentally, I'm going to make a red lipstick called “DEATH STOPPER”), although this faith was misplaced as one of the main ingredients was white lead. By the time of her death, her lips were caked in lip rouge, due to her habit of applying it in an attempt to feel better. After her death, lipstick went back to being a symbol of “questionable” morals — but while the clergy and some lawmakers approached lip colour with the sort of generalized disgust with which most people today approach gas station toilets, many women (and some men) still wore lip rouge through the 1600s, albeit in a much more subtle way. By 1770, British Parliament declared that women who wore makeup and “seduced men” by using it would have their marriages annulled and also be accused of witchcraft. (So basically, if anyone asks you how your got your lips to look so nice, you should just wave your hands around and go, “It's EYE OF NEWT, MUAHAHAHAHA.”)
When the first twist-up lipstick tube was invented in 1915, lipstick became even more popular, as it was now much easier to carry around, versus before when it was found in small compacts or wrapped in paper. It was part of Frida Kahlo's trademark look, paired with the power brows that would give even the most ardent Instagram MUA a run for their money. In a number of letters that she wrote to her husband Diego Rivera, Kahlo would end the letters with a series of kiss marks across the bottom, ephemeral marks left by a tumultuous and ephemeral life.
In the 20th century, red lips were universal almost everywhere in the world. In India, while the early 1900s saw most women wearing very light makeup and little in the way of lip colour, red lips (along with strong brows and lined eyes) were a common look by the mid 1920s (and continued to be from that point on). In modern Japan, red lips were popular during the 1930s, 1950s, 1980s, and are recently becoming popular again after a long period of more subdued hues and glosses. In Mexico, while women in the early 1900s were generally quite fresh-faced (partly due to the fact that there was a revolution happening), red lips and looks inspired by US-trends were more prevalent.
Through the 1930s, '40s, and into the '50s, red lips were THE thing. Who needs eye shadow or liner when you can have LIPS, ALL OF THE LIPS? While red lipstick has always been a symbol of status, sensuality, and the desire to smear stuff on your face, it did take on a slightly different role during WWII — for women working in roles that were traditionally of a more “masculine” bent, the lipstick was a way to reinforce traditional femininity while also giving women something that gave some sense of normalcy. Lipstick shades during the war also came with patriotic names and packaging, which worked in two ways: 1) it turned the item into a sort of symbol of power, and 2) apparently Hitler straight-up hated lipstick, especially red lipstick, so wearing lipstick was like a big “SUCK IT HITLER.”
Photo by David Bransby, 1942. Via LOC.
When makeup companies started expanding their ranges and focusing on new types of products and formulas, red lipstick became just a staple, hanging out in the background amidst over colors but still omnipresent. Full, filled-in lips are the most dominant trend during the 20th/21st century (with the main change being the occasional overdrawn upper lip, such as in the US and western Europe in the 1930s). One example of an outlier, however, is the recent gradient lips trend in South Korea. While Korean trends tended to mimic North American ones in past decades (and red lipstick has been a mainstay in South Korean looks from the 1940s onwards), the more recent trend of using a red or pinky lip stain to create a gradient from the inner part of the lips outwards has been slowly catching on in other countries (think lips that have been bitten, or stained eating a popsicle, albeit in a way that creates a soft gradient on the mouth and not a sticky mess all over your shirt — unless you're me and you spill an entire bottle of Benetint down your front).
Red lips haven't gone anywhere and won't be going anywhere any time soon. Some say it's because red is a powerful, classic colour that is always in fashion. Others say it's because red lips signify aroused labia (those people are anthropologists, and they are either the best or the worst people to have at parties). Maybe it's a combination of the two. Either way, it just looks great.
Sources
Reading Our Lips: The History of Lipstick Regulation in Western Seats of Power
“Speak Softly and Carry a Lipstick”: Government Influence on Female Sexuality through Cosmetics During WWII
“Rockin' It, Frat Party Style!”: A Short Story Geared to College Students, Written By a 30-Something Author
“What up, chief?” asked Larry. He had just finished soccer practice and was now sucking back on a bottle of his favorite brew, 40-Dog Buzz.
“Nothing, friend,” said Kyle. They had been best buds for three years now. And Kyle knew absolutely everything about Larry, including Larry's intense hunger for “vagina.”
“How was math class?” asked Larry, trying to get Kyle's goat. “Did you study for that test?”
“Fuck off, bitch!” said Kyle. “You know damn well that I didn't study for that test. What in the world?”
Larry laughed, as he knew that Kyle was merely being facetious. And besides, “bitch” was a term of endearment when used among good friends and close acquaintances.
“So, are you planning on attending that party tonight?” Larry asked.
“Hell yes!” answered Kyle.
“Better yet,” declared Larry, “how about that frat party we learned about on the World Wide Web? The one taking place in Florida? I'm thinking road trip!”
Kyle thought for a minute, and then replied: “‘Cause I'm thinking the same. Let's do it. And let's invite Janet!”
Larry gave Kyle the high five and then climbed into his tremendous sport utility vehicle, or S.U.V., complete with the most amazing stereo sound system in the world.
“Kick out the jams, motherfucker!” screamed Kyle, from the passenger's seat.
Larry did as he was asked, and within no time, Limp Bizkit [sic] was blasting from the nine Bose speakers and seven specialized sub-woofers that Larry had installed the previous month. The sound was absolutely monstrous.
Larry and Kyle sped off through the university's streets to Janet's dormitory in the western, and more fancy, part of campus. Janet was already waiting for them. She looked ravenous: extremely tight shorts, blue tank-top, open-toe sandals, breasts (soft and large) swinging to and fro. Exquisite.
“What's the story, boys?” Janet asked, climbing into the back seat of the S.U.V., but not before Larry caught a quick glimpse of her tremendous right nipple.
Larry, Kyle, and Janet had been friends forever. She treated them like brothers and they, in turn, treated her like a sister. A sister whose image they could fantasize about and then later, when it was dark, masturbate to.
“Nothin',” answered Kyle, taking a swig from his freshly opened bottle of brewsky. “Just high-tailin' it down to Florida. For a little of this and that.”
“Sweet,” said Janet, absentmindedly stroking her sweaty tank-top. “Freakin' sweet.”
- - -
It was a few hours later and Kyle, Larry, and Janet were walking down the main avenue of Fort Lauderdale, searching for the fraternity house they had read about on the AOL.com.
“I'm so high that I could fly,” said Kyle sarcastically, taking a puff from the marijuana cigarette he had just lit up. “The world is all about colors and love and freedom.”
Larry and Janet laughed. It was nothing for them to see one of their friends “high,” but this was ridiculous.
“Where in the fuck is this party?” asked Larry eventually, growing frustrated.
“My god, she's beautiful!” declared Kyle, pointing to a large, all-glass house situated directly on the beach. “The fraternity house! The answer to all of our dreams!”
Within no time, Larry, Janet, and Kyle were eagerly making their way into the large Gothic-spired mansion. What they observed next absolutely amazed them, stunning them beyond belief:
Large fraternity types placing compact discs into compact disc players!
Half-naked women, their breasts jingling and jangling, perched on the shoulders of football players!
Pyramids, 15 feet high, created with only empty beer cans!
Pizza pies, half-eaten, lazily strewn across expensive leather couches!
A rock and roll band playing very loudly!
A fat man with a beard pouring vodka into a crystal punch bowl!
“Aw, spit!” exclaimed Larry. “This is the best fraternity party that I've ever seen!”
Kyle could only nod. He agreed, but was too shocked to say anything.
Janet, on the other hand, could not stop talking: “This is incredible, absolutely incredible. I mean, I've always thought fraternity parties were supposed to be good, but this … this is not good. This is excellent!”
Janet stopped talking. She looked over to Kyle, who looked over to Larry. And then, without another word, they linked their arms together and walked directly into the amazing, cacophonous fray.
- - -
“Peace.”
Kyle turned off his miniature cellular telephone and placed it back into his T-shirt pocket.
“That was the fraternity president,” exclaimed Kyle from the S.U.V.'s passenger seat. “He wanted to thank us for coming to the party. There sure was a lot of wonderful vaginae!”
Janet rolled her eyes. “All I've heard since leaving the party is ‘vagina this' and ‘vagina that.' Enough!”
“Easy, you two,” said Kyle, flicking on the powerful car-stereo system. “Time to bust out the kick-ass tunes!”
The sounds of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, a very popular funk and soul band, filled the S.U.V.
“Goodnight,” said Janet, absentmindedly swiping at her sweaty left nipple and then at her right nipple, which was also sweaty. “See you when I see you.”
“Until then!” exclaimed Kyle.
“On the other side,” responded Larry.
College life is sweet, Janet thought, falling into a deep and gentle sleep. So goddamn sweet that it is motherfuckin' ridiculous.
Defence White Paper: Australia joins Asia's arms race with spending on weaponry and military forces to reach $195b
Updated
Australia will embark on a decade-long surge in weaponry and military forces to defend its land, sea, skies and space from Asia's rapidly growing military forces.
Key points: Australia ratchets up military spending in response to rising tensions in Asia
Spending up by nearly $30 billion
Climate change and terrorism also listed as threats
Defence spending will rise even if GDP falls
The 2016 Defence White Paper maps a course towards a total of $195 billion in defence capability or equipment by 2020-21, together with a larger military force of 62,400 personnel, the largest in a quarter of a century.
Joining an Asian-region mini arms race, the White Paper promises 12 submarines to be built at a cost of more than $50 billion between 2018-2057.
However, maintenance costs will push that $50 billion budget much higher.
Navy will scoop a quarter of all new spending on capability, with nine new anti-submarine warfare frigates and 12 offshore patrol vessels.
The RAAF will build up two fleets of drones while also bringing its eventual fleet of 75 Joint Strike Fighters online.
The Army will claim 18 per cent of all extra spending on equipment, buying armed drones, new protected vehicles to transport troops, helicopters for special forces and a long-range rocket system.
Underscoring a sense of urgency to the renewal of Australia's defence power, the Government is aiming to build spending up to 2 per cent of GDP by 2020/21 — earlier than previously promised — representing an overall increase of $29.9 billion.
Defence officials have told the ABC the White Paper reflects Australia's "growing discomfort" with China's military activity.
Climate change and terrorism listed as threats
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the Government was committed to the "significant increase in spending" due to regional challenges as well as the threat from climate change and terrorism, among other issues.
The factoring in of climate change was not planned under the Abbott Government.
"In the next two decades, half the world's submarines and at least half the world's advanced combat aircraft will be operating in the Indo-Pacific region, in our region, and this complicates the outlook for our security and strategic planning," Mr Turnbull said.
"We would be concerned if the competition for influence and the growth in military capability were to lead to instability and threaten Australia's interests, whether in the South China Sea, the Korean peninsula or further afield.We have a strong, vital, vested interest in the maintenance of peace, stability and respect for the rule of law."
The language of the White Paper points to a realisation that Australia needs to increase the "potency and agility" of its forces in the face of rising wealth and power in Asia, coupled with the strategic tension already arising between China and the United States.
"Territorial disputes … have created uncertainty and tension in our region," the White Paper notes.
"Some matters that previous defence white papers have described as long-term issues, such as the impact of modernisation in our region, now fall to this White Paper to respond to."
Australia continues to throw its military lot in with the United States, assessed to "remain the pre-eminent global power over the next two decades".
The White Paper aims to deepen Australia's alliance with America, including the relocation of a US spy telescope known as an "optical space surveillance telescope" to Exmouth in Western Australia.
On the path to building defence funding up to 2 per cent of GDP, the Government will also "de-couple" its spending on the military from the general health of the economy, so that even if growth slows, defence will still get its 2 per cent share.
US Ambassador to Australia John Berry described the White Paper as a "well-considered, comprehensive approach to addressing evolving security challenges of the coming decades".
"As allies, we welcome the Government's sustained investment in defence capabilities and readiness and its support for rules-based international order," he said.
Topics: defence-industry, defence-forces, air-force, navy, army, defence-and-national-security, defence-and-aerospace-industries, industry, federal-parliament, federal-government, government-and-politics, australia
First posted
A dog that went missing in New York more than two years ago turned up alive and well this week — in Florida.
According to Giuseppe DiBella, his 6-month-old toy fox terrier, Nika, vanished from the backyard of his Newburgh, New York, home in May 2012.
“It was one of the most horrible days of my life,” DiBella told New York's CBS 2.
DiBella spent a year searching animal shelters and distributing missing-dog posters, but he eventually all but gave up hope, buying another dog to replace his beloved pooch.
Last week, he got a phone call from police in Ocala, Florida, informing him that Nika had been found on the doorstep of local home.
“I said, ‘All right, I'm coming,'" DiBella said. "'Where are you?' They said, ‘We are in Marion County.' I said, ‘Where in Marion County?' They said, ‘In Florida.' I said, ‘I'm in New York!'”
According to Florida animal officials, Nika was identified by her microchip at an Ocala animal shelter.
“I was feeling, like, biblical — when the son comes back to the father, you know, this kind of things,” DiBella said.
DiBella's family friend in Florida is caring for Nika until the pair can be reunited.
It's not clear how the 5-pound hound made it from Newburgh to Ocala, roughly 1,090 miles away. DiBella believes Nika was stolen while he was mowing his lawn.
“Nika's story is a beautiful example of the value of microchips,” Marion County Animal Services director Deborah Horvath said in a press release. “Collars and tags can be removed or lost, but microchips provide a lifelong means of identification. Microchips help reunite countless families, whether the stray animal is one or 1,000 miles away from home. We encourage all pet owners to microchip their pets.”
According to a 2012 study of animal shelters by the Humane Society, more than half (52 percent) of dogs with microchips were reunited with their owners, while 22 percent without microchips returned home.
Namely, this dude, who uploaded to Amazon Kindle Store under his own name a bunch of science fiction works by others, including myself, CJ Cherryh, and Robert Heinlein. I'd note that in my case, in addition to ripping me off, he's also ripping off Bob Eggleton, who did the inside art for the story. A bunch of scathing one-star reviews would be nice.
I will of course be filing a DMCA claim against this schmuck with Amazon in short order (as should all the folks or estates affected), but in the meantime mocking this dude for being stupid enough to think he could get away with this is the order of the day.
Also, Amazon: A little more oversight of Kindle submission process would be lovely.
update: Looks like they were taken down by Amazon. Thanks, you wide river, you!
The talks will now concern only data privacy and the NSA's controversial Prism policy that was made public following revelations by former CIA analyst Edward Snowden last month.
The veto, tabled by the UK and supported by Sweden, applies to two working groups to review the scandal which has left European government in uproar. The talks, which begin in Washington on Monday will now focus exclusively on the NSA Prism programme.
The newspaper reports that the revelations about the programme, which stores massive amounts of internet and mobile phone data, has threatened to jeopardise free trade talks between the EU and the US. It has also created deep division within the European Union, with German the most vocal critic of the US.
The US offered to host the talks on the Prism programme to coincide with the scheduled trade talks in the US capital. The UK had throughout preparatory talks this week established its opposition to broader talks on espionage and intelligence which means that any governments keen to raise the issues will have to do so unilaterally.
The Local/pvs
Follow The Local on Twitter
Washington (CNN) The young blood in the Democratic Party is (still) waiting for its moment.
Democratic leaders across both the legislative and executive branches are generally older than leadership on the other side of the aisle, leading to some restlessness among the lower ranks who have been patiently awaiting their turn at the top.
The most recent blow to those hoping to climb the ranks? Dianne Feinstein, 84, the oldest senator currently serving in the chamber, just announced a bid for re-election to the seat she's held for two and a half decades.
The presidential field also looks like an uphill climb for young Democrats: apart from a couple of standout young senators, names like Bernie Sanders and Joe Biden still loom large among the potential hopefuls.
Part of the problem for Democrats is one of recruiting. Historic losses over the last decade in statehouses across the country have not helped create a bench of energized new lawmakers. Further Democrats have had difficulty winning new seats in the House since the tea party wave of 2010 and redistricting in the wake of that year's census.
Having a generally older slate of leaders could separate Democrats from one of their core constituencies. Younger voters, however, tend to lean more Democratic than older voters. Hillary Clinton won voters under 30 years old by nearly 20 percentage points, while Donald Trump won voters over 65 years old by 7 points, according to exit polls.
Democrats (and Republicans) in Congress are getting older
Members of both parties in Congress are at their oldest average age in decades, but the average Democrat has about four years on the average Republican on Capitol Hill.
The average Democrat was 61.0 years old at the start of this term, the highest average age for Democrats on the Hill in available data stretching back to 1947, compiled thanks to a great piece by 538 , plus recent numbers from the @unitedstates project , an Internet-driven repository featuring data from the Sunlight Foundation, GovTrack.us and the New York Times.
The average Republican was 57.2 years old. The gap between the two parties has been roughly four years since the 2010 tea party wave. For two decades before that, Democrats tended to be about one year older than Republicans, on average.
The 2020 bench
CNN asked Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents last month which person they think best reflects the core values of the Democratic Party. The results?
Top of the list is former President Barack Obama, who can't run for the White House again because of term limits. The average for the next five people — including Joe Biden, Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren — is 71 years old.
It's important to note that the question was not specifically about presidential politics or who should run in 2020. But it does give a picture of who voters see (and don't see) as the figureheads of the Democratic Party.
Of course, President Donald Trump will be 73 years old on Inauguration Day 2020 and he was the oldest first-term President ever to assume office, when he took the oath in 2017. But the average age of the candidates who ran for the Republican primary field in 2016 is just 60 years old, thanks to fresh faces like Marco Rubio and Scott Walker.
The two young names on the list of people who Democrats say share their values are Sens. Cory Booker and Kamala Harris, who each got a nod from 3% of Democrats. Booker is 48; Harris is 52. Then, for good measure, the list rounds out with 77-year-old Nancy Pelosi and 71-year-old Bill Clinton.
This CNN poll conducted by SSRS was conducted from Sept. 17-20 among 493 Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents. The margin of sampling error is ±5.4 percentage points.
Leadership and the old guard
The top three Democratic leaders in the House are in their late 70s. Minority leader Nancy Pelosi is 77 years old, Democratic whip Steny Hoyer is 78 and assistant minority leader Jim Clyburn is 77 years old. Pelosi has held the top spot among House Democrats since 2003.
The aging among Democratic leaders led to a stunning rebuke from the fifth-highest ranking Democrat in the House, essentially calling on her party's top brass in the chamber to step aside.
"I do think we have this real breadth and depth of talent within our caucus, and I do think it's time to pass a torch to a new generation of leaders," said Linda Sanchez, the vice chair of the House Democratic caucus. "I think we have too many great members here that don't always get the opportunities they should. I would like to see that change."
"There comes a time when you need to pass that torch," she said. "I think it's time."
House Speaker Paul Ryan is only 47 years old and Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy is 52. On the Senate side, Democrat Chuck Schumer is 66 and Republican Mitch McConnell is 75.
If you've ever tried to type with an iPad's onscreen keyboard for more than just the occasional email, you know how difficult it can be. The keys are scrunched too close together for most hands, while the touchscreen means your fingers can't ever rest on the keyboard. Now Microsoft thinks it may have found a way to go one better than the iPad and turn the tablet game upside-down — literally.
Researchers at Microsoft's labs in Cambridge, England have developed a tablet with a full touchscreen and room for a physical keyboard, reports ZDNet. How? They've placed it on the back of the device. Called RearType, the keys are reached by the four fingers wrapped around the tablet, while the thumbs grip the front. It's kind of like an accordion.
You know the Z-button hidden behind videogame controllers since the Nintendo 64? Microsoft has just mimicked that concept–and added letters A to Z for those able to type blindly and backward. On the front of the device is the Space, Backspace, Enter, Tab, Shift, Control and Alt keys, which are easily accessible by each thumb. Eat your heart out, Apple.
From the report on the white paper on RearType:
The RearType key layout takes the two halves of the QWERTY alphabet keys and rotates them so that the keys remain in the same relative positions with respect to the fingers despite them being on the rear surface of a device. This is equivalent to 90-degree rotations in two axes. The thumbs remain on the frontsurface for grip, and other keys are placed within reach of the thumbs. RearType avoids the need for on-screen touch-based keyboards and their inherent space usage and occlusion problems. It also supports 10-finger touch-typing input versus the single-finger “hunt and peck” of touchscreen or thumb-based small-key keyboards (e.g. on Blackberrys).
While it feels like an April Fools' joke, you have to applaud the originality. Microsoft's report shows that out of dozens of testers, speeds were slower on a RearType than a touchscreen. Many more, however, thought the repositioned keyboard felt more comfortable.
There is an interesting conversation happening at AVfM about marital rape, sparked by a column from Indian MRA Amartya Talukdar, in which he wrote:
Rights come with duties. A woman in India has a right to maintenance even when husband is sick, and incapable of earning or is unemployed. He is duty bound to pay his wife alimony even after divorce. The Indian Courts have held that a man must “beg, borrow or steal” but he must maintain his wife. Then why shouldn't a man have right to have coitus with his wife if he is duty bound to maintain her?
The legal context of marriage in India is wildly different from the legal context in the West, making Talukdar's question far less provocative than many Western readers appear to assume. For example, in Indian, sex outside of the marriage is illegal for men, but not for women, and grounds for divorce.
“The mere fact that the appellant is a woman makes her completely immune to the charge of adultery, and she cannot be proceeded against is evident from a plain reading of Section 497…”
Divorce petitions can be resisted by women, but not by men. Property divisions after a divorce consider all a man's personal assets and property (including ancestral property), but not a woman's. Men must pay maintenance to women, often for the rest of the woman's life. When mortgaged property is divided, women receive 50% of the property, but the mortgage (or other loan) remains 100% the responsibility of the man to repay.
Given the legal obligations marriage entails for men in India, it is perhaps not surprising they have a few questions about what obligations a wife might be under. Brought into our own cultural context, where marriage is still a raw deal for men, but not to the same extent as it is for Indian men, the conversation about marital rape takes on a different tone.
Clearly, we can all agree that rape is sex against a person's will, and the state of being married bears no impact on that definition of rape. Where we get into enormous difficulty is trying to parse what consent means, legally. Colloquially, the sweeping majority of sane adults know what consent means, know how to obtain it, and respect when consent is not on offer. If we take the women's studies, I'm too delicate to handle applause and need play-doh and cookies to help me process ideas I find upsetting set out of the equation, all adults know what consent is, what it looks like and what it means. Yes, all adults. There is a very small group of adults who don't give a shit whether a person has consented to sex and we call those adults rapists. They know what consent it, they just don't care.
Related:
You weren't raped, you're a whore
Don't be that guy
The real difficulties, IMO, arise with the inanity of “yes means” affirmative consent laws, versus the older “no means no” consent standards. I agree with Talukdar that marriage is consent to sex, meaning that the default assumption is that consent to sex can be assumed. Affirmative consent for each and every encounter does not have to be established; indeed, the thought makes me cringe. I would interpret verbal requests to do X, Y, or Z as grovelling and mewling and that is pretty much the unsexiest thing I can think of. In addition to being a complete turn-off, it sounds exhausting. Ugh. No thanks.
Related:
How to pick a wife
How to pick a wife 2.0
I get it MGTOW. If this is the option, I'd pass, too
I disagree with Talukdar that consent cannot be withdrawn. Of course it can be. By either partner. If I wake my husband up by initiating sex, I have, under “yes means” laws, committed sexual assault, which is patently absurd. Under this standard, waking him up with a kiss can be sexual assault! That's just plain crazy, and I understand Talukdar positing that marital rape and assault laws are tools feminists use to punish men retroactively. Feminists are curiously silent when it's women who ignore affirmative consent laws, aren't they?
Let's assume I wake my husband up with sex. If he shoves me off and turns over to go back to sleep and I persist, now I am skirting consent laws. He has clearly indicated, by shoving me and turning over to go back to sleep, that he is not interested. He has withdrawn standing consent. I might try to playfully draw him out, and if that doesn't work and he tells me to fuck off, then I have one choice: I need to fuck off. If I don't, then yes, I am firmly into rape territory. But that's never the scenario feminists envision, is it? It's always the man, pestering the woman, the poor helpless dear, who might then go along with her rape because it's easier than getting into a physical altercation, but it's still raped.
I would guess that the overwhelming majority of rational adults practice a default consent to sex standard in their relationships and acknowledge that unless you hear a very clear no, the answer is yes. The alternative is mind, and libido, numbingly wretched. The only people who want to see affirmative consent as the universal legal standard to all sex, regardless of marital status, are feminists, and their reasoning is very simple: it's a means of weaponizing sex to assert control over men while insisting on women's weakness, frailty, lack of agency and perpetual victimhood.
At this point in feminist lunacy I'm convinced the most maudlin of Victorian writers would turn over in their graves at the assertions feminists make about women. According to feminists, women are so fragile, clapping can traumatize them. Their minds are so easily sent into shivering, skittering emotional quagmires, they require cookies and coloring books to confront ideas and words. Women are so timid and frightened that a shirt can send them scurrying away from their passions and abilities (assuming they have them in the first place). According to feminists women are frail, delicate, easily bruised flowers with the emotional control of the average two year old, constantly in danger of collapsing into snivelling piles of snot and tears, quivering under the slightest confrontation or challenge. I'm pretty sure the most corseted, lavender-scented handkerchief waving, fainting couch heroine of 18th century romance novels had more gumption than the average women's studies major.
How empowering.
Thankfully, these insipid, gutless, weak women without agency or responsibility live mostly in the minds of feminists. The rest of us are engaged in the radical task of being grown-ups, invested in our own lives, and more than capable of initiating and accepting sexual overtures without needing the insurance policy of being able to retroactively declare all sex rape.
While I completely reject the affirmative consent standard when it comes to sex, I do wish feminists would accept the same standard when it comes to their hateful, vindictive, punitive ideology. Assume that anyone who doesn't loudly, joyfully and explicitly proclaim they are feminists isn't one. And if that's too hard, go with the older standard, and accept that no means no. Consent, feminists. Look it up. I'll provide a dictionary, if you need one. You'll have to bring your own Play-doh, though.
I keep mine for the children.
Lots of love,
JB
Christians pray during a mass religious gathering prior to the Democratic National Convention. (Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images)
This post was updated at 5:49 p.m. to add comment from the Family Research Council.
An atheist lobbying group announced Thursday that it was organizing a state chapter in Washington, D.C., just a day after delegates at the Democratic National Convention protested adding the word "God" back into their party's platform,
The Secular Coalition for America has spent the last 10 years lobbying at the federal level for a strong separation of church and state. SCA represents 11 member groups made up of "atheists, agnostics, humanists, freethinkers, and other nontheistic Americans," according to the group.
"But we realized recently that the most egregious legislation was coming from the state level," SCA spokeswoman Lauren Anderson Youngblood told Whispers. Over the next several months, SCA plans to organize chapters in all 50 states for more effective state-level lobbying.
These chapters will fight against legislation that attempts to insert religion or "religious privilege" into the law, she said.
Youngblood says the group sees the D.C. school voucher program, for one, as problematic. SCA believes the program favors religious schools, which are often less expensive than private schools.
"This [voucher program] is essentially pushing children into these religious institutions," she said. "That's what the voucher pays for: asking people to foot the bill for indoctrinating children with religious beliefs."
The Family Research Council, a Christian conservative group that also lobbies in D.C., is deeply critical of the group's state chapter plan.
"The national group already seems to want to make sure that those with religious beliefs don't get the first amendment rights that are granted to them," Tom McClusky, senior vice president of the Family Research Council's lobbying arm, told Whispers.
McClusky said he doesn't think SCA can succeed locally.
"We're a Christian nation. And the closer you get to the voting public, the more willing people are to fight for their rights," he said. "If these guys really want to challenge Christians, bring it on."
The SCA plans to challenge a Michigan law that seeks to prevent bullying in schools but gives exemptions to bullies who hold "a sincerely held religious belief."
Though SCA says it tries to avoid party politics, Youngblood acknowledged the group was "disappointed" that references to God were added back into the Democratic party platform. "We outnumber many religious groups in the country," she said. "It's a shame that so many Americans who deserve equal representation are not represented."
A March study by the Pew Forum on Religious & Public Life found that the majority of Americans, or 54 percent, want houses of worship to stay out of politics.
SCA says there is already evidence that the atheist group's statewide chapters will do well. When the group recently held an initial organizing call for a Virginia chapter, nearly 40 people expressed an interest in lobbying, according to Youngblood. A Colorado state chapter is already active.
Check out U.S. News Weekly: an insider's guide to politics and policy
Elizabeth Flock is a staff writer for U.S. News & World Report. You can contact her at eflock@usnews.com or follow her on Twitter and Facebook.
George Stetson and his business partner, John Post, built Seattle's first apartment house in 1883 (though the five units might more accurately be called row houses).
THIS BUILDING, with its quintet of front doors beneath a central tower shaped like a bell, and a mansard roof that billows like a skirt in a breeze, was long claimed to be Seattle's first apartment house. (It might, however, be better to call these row houses, each having its own front door.) It was built at the northeast corner of Second Avenue and Marion Street in 1883, a busy year in which Seattle also acquired street numbers and 59 neighborhood additions.
It is named for its builders, George W. Stetson and John J. Post.
Stetson and Post, renting a shed on Henry Yesler's wharf in 1875 and using Yesler's hand-me-down boiler, constructed a gristmill for grinding grain into feed and flour. Soon they switched to making doors and window sashes. By 1883 they had the largest lumber mill over the tideflats south of King Street.
The partners lived in their stately building, as did lawyer and future judge Thomas Burke, perhaps the most outstanding among the city's second wave of pioneers.
Following the Great Fire of 1889, which the wooden row houses escaped, the city rapidly rebuilt in brick and stone. The Stetson & Post Block, an elegant landmark visible from Elliott Bay, was soon in the shadow of a seven-story business block across Second Avenue, named for Burke. The row houses added commerce. In place of the grand stairways to the five apartments, five uniformly designed storefronts were built facing the sidewalk on Second.
In 1919, Stetson died at age 75. That was the same year the apartments he built with Post came down. Twelve years earlier, F.M. Foulser wrote an essay in the Dec. 8, 1907, issue of The Seattle Times titled “How Apartment Houses are Absorbing Seattle's Increasing Population.” Foulser imagined the Rainier Block (the last of the Stetson & Post Block's three names) as “some aristocratic little lady of bygone days, who has been compelled to remain among the influx of vulgarly new associates.” Some day, the essayist mused, the Rainier “will give way to a modern skyscraper.”
It took some time. The first replacement of 1919 gleamed behind terra-cotta tiles but was still shorter than the row houses. The 47-floor First Interstate Center (now the Wells Fargo Center) wasn't built until 1983.
New research by the Social Mobility Commission also found 80% in favour of requiring firms to advertise opportunities
A majority of people support a ban on long-term unpaid internships and the introduction of new rules preventing companies from organising short-term spots via informal channels, a study suggests.
The research was released by the Social Mobility Commission on Monday, as parliamentarians prepared to debate a bill proposing a ban on work experience placements lasting more than four weeks.
The survey of almost 5,000 adults carried out by the independent public body suggested 72% of the public backed a change in the law, with 42% “strongly supporting” a ban.
In addition, 80% of people would back a proposal to force firms to publicly advertise any placements.
“Unpaid internships are a modern scandal which must end. Internships are the new rung on the career ladder,” said the former Labour cabinet member Alan Milburn, who chairs the commission.
“They have become a route to a good professional job, but access to them tends to depend on whom, not what, you know, and young people from low income backgrounds are excluded because they are unpaid.
“They miss out on a great career opportunity and employers miss out from a wider pool of talent. Unpaid internships are damaging for social mobility. It is time to consign them to history.”
Unpaid internships damage long-term graduate pay prospects Read more
A private member's bill, introduced by the Conservative peer Chris Holmes, is due to get its second reading in the House of Lords on Friday. “Unpaid internships leave young people in a catch-22 situation; unable to get a job because they haven't got experience and unable to get experience because they can't afford to work for free,” said Holmes.
“The practice is clearly discriminatory, crushes creativity and competitiveness and holds individuals and our country back.”
Such a bill can pass from the Lords to the Commons if the upper chamber votes for it and an MP supports it. But it is relatively rare for sufficient parliamentary time to be allotted, meaning it is unlikely to become law.
Sir Peter Lampl, the chairman of the Sutton Trust and of the Education Endowment Foundation, said: “Unpaid internships are a major obstacle to social mobility … [they] prevent young people from low- and moderate-income backgrounds from getting into some of the most competitive sectors like the media, the City and the arts.”
In April, research from the Institute for Public Policy Research thinktank suggested the number of internships had increased dramatically since 2010.
Finding a mobile wallet for Bitcoin Cash has been pretty difficult so far. Although the ecosystem has only been around for some time now, one would expect such a wallet to exist by now. One of the world's most prominent Bitcoin wallets has enabled BCH support already. Bitcoin.com's Bitcoin wallet for IOS is now fully Bitcoin Cash compatible. A big development for this popular altcoin, that much is certain.
Finding a mobile wallet supporting your favorite altcoin isn't easy. This is especially true when it comes to Bitcoin Cash. Although most wallet providers can easily support this fork if they want, most still don't. That is pretty surprising considering support for BCH has grown in all other areas. More mining pools are on board, exchanges have finally listed it, and the value seems to be holding its own quite well. A mobile wallet is more than overdue.
Even More Bitcoin Cash Support on iOS
To access the BCH portion of this iOS wallet, simply set up a new wallet and move the slider to Bitcoin Cash. It is that simple, and it does the job quite well. The app works for both iPhone and the iPad, depending on which device you prefer to use. Do keep in mind there is no built-in exchange functionality at this time, although this may be integrated in the future. Anyone who used this app prior to the fork will now also have access to their BCH coins if they hadn't been claimed yet.
Although there are two other iOS wallets for BCH as well, it is good to have more options. Both Free Wallet and BTC.com have their own respective clients for Bitcoin Cash as we speak. A few options to choose from is never a bad idea in this regard. It is also a validation of how much this altcoin's ecosystem has grown. For a currency very few people gave a fighting chance, Bitcoin Cash has done pretty well.
In the end, it is good to see some mobile wallet provides step up their game. It remains a mystery why some other major providers have not enabled BCH support so far. Whether or not that situation will change in the future, remains to be seen. Mobile solutions are the future of cryptocurrency, that much is evident. It is a safe, secure, and convenient concept for novice and advanced users alike.
Header image courtesy of Shutterstock
MANAMA (Reuters) - A policeman was killed while on duty southwest of the Bahraini capital Manama on Monday in what authorities described as a “terrorist” attack using a bomb made by Hezbollah.
The Interior Ministry gave few details of the incident in the village of Damistan. Bahrain's Foreign Minister, Sheikh Khaled bin Ahmed al-Khalifa, said on Twitter the policeman had fallen victim to “a bomb made by the terrorist Hezbollah”.
He was referring to the Lebanese Shi'ite guerrilla group, which Bahrain has previously accused of being linked to Shi'ite militants in the country.
Hezbollah has been vilified by Sunni Muslims over its participation in Syria's civil war alongside President Bashar al-Assad and against Sunni-backed rebels fighting to oust him.
Witnesses in Damistan said police cordoned off the area and were searching for evidence.
The Sunni Muslim-ruled island kingdom, home to the U.S. Fifth Fleet, was swept by protests in 2011 led by majority Shi'ites demanding political reforms.
Bahrain has accused Shi'ite power Iran of fomenting the unrest, a charge Tehran has denied.
Since 2011 more protests have erupted sporadically and there have been a growing number of attacks using explosives. In March, three policemen were killed by a remotely-detonated bomb.
Two policemen were injured last month by a bomb in the Shi'ite village of Deraz west of Manama.
In November Bahrain held parliamentary elections, boycotted by the opposition which complained that changes to the voting districts would favor the Sunni Muslim minority represented by the ruling family.
Last year was the hottest on record by a jaw-dropping margin, our new report has revealed.
DOWNLOAD THE REPORT
KEY FINDINGS
1. 2015 was the hottest year on record globally. Climate change was a major factor in driving the record-breaking heat in 2015 worldwide.
The global average temperature for 2015 was 0.90°C above the 20th century average, eclipsing the previous record set in 2014 by 0.16°C.
The record global warmth of 2015 is part of a long-term trend. All of the world's 10 warmest years have occurred since 1998. 2015 is the 39th consecutive year with above-average global temperatures.
No one aged under 40 has lived in a year with global average temperatures at or below the global 20th century average.
2. Climate change is a major factor in extreme heat and fire in Australia.
Averaged across Australia, temperatures for nine of the 12 months of 2015 were above-average.
Australia recorded its hottest ever October in 2015 and recent research has found that global warming increased the chance of these record-breaking temperatures by a factor of at least six.
Severe bushfires across Australia over the 2015/2016 summer have been made worse by climate change, particularly by the extreme hot weather.
The Great Barrier Reef and other marine ecosystems are under threat from rising ocean temperatures and increasing ocean acidity.
3. Temperature records are being smashed across many regions of the world, largely through the influence of climate change.
Nine months in 2015 broke global heat records with July 2015 the hottest month ever on Earth since records began in 1850.
The emission of greenhouse gases is driving record global heat. Countries must drastically reduce their emissions from coal, oil and gas to slow and then halt the escalating impacts of extreme heat and severe fires.
DOWNLOAD THE REPORT
This was looking like the year that bitcoin would finally move beyond its sketchy reputation as an anonymous way to buy drugs and stolen credit cards. Banks had started to study how they could use the six-year-old digital currency to update the world's outdated money transfer mechanisms; and its price swings were becoming less extreme, making it less risky for ordinary folks to use.
Then bitcoin's price inexplicably spiked 98 percent in three weeks, touching $502 on Nov. 4, before dropping 20% the next day. That's the kind of unruly fluctuation you might expect in a penny stock, not an invention that's been hyped as a trustworthy replacement for unreliable government-issued money.
While it's impossible to determine exactly why the currency went wild, the fluctuation came just as people around the world were discovering a new use for bitcoin: investing in MMM, an online pyramid scheme that's promising returns as high as 100 percent a month. Data from Internet tracker Alexa show traffic to MMM's websites taking off in October. More than 30,000 participants have posted testimonials on YouTube, mainly from China, the Philippines, and South Africa.
MMM was founded by Sergei Mavrodi, a Russian who's been running variations of it since the country's Wild West days of privatization. He evaded prosecution for a decade, at one point running for Parliament to gain immunity and winning, before serving four and a half years for fraud. His latest pitch: convert your bitcoins to another online currency called mavros and see your account balance grow. “The financial apocalypse is inevitable,” he said in a video posted on Nov. 8. “Together we change the world!” Mavrodi has said that he doesn't violate any laws or take money for himself.
Bitcoin proponents say they doubt Mavrodi's scheme is big enough to move the exchange rate, with more than $100 million of the digital currency bought and sold every day. “It's certainly not the only thing driving demand for bitcoin,” says Gil Luria, an analyst for Wedbush Securities who track the currency.
Of course, a lot of the other uses are also illicit. A 33-year-old in Texas pleaded guilty in September to running a different Ponzi scheme that at one point controlled 7 percent of all bitcoins. Hackers who take control of private computers and demand ransom from their owners, like those behind the CryptoLocker malware, often ask to be paid in bitcoin. And the trade in online narcotics is thriving in new marketplaces such as Agora and Middle Earth Marketplace, even after the FBI busted the biggest one, Silk Road, in 2013, and its successor, Silk Road 2.0, the next year.
Scammers seem to be the biggest bitcoin users partly because of the volatility: Few others are ready to conduct their business in a currency that can lose a quarter of its value overnight. While retailers and other consumer companies like to get free publicity by saying they accept bitcoin, most instantly convert payments into dollars. “If it doesn't have a stable value, it's probably not going to survive,” Eugene Fama, the Nobel prize-winning economist, said on a recent podcast.
Looking back, bitcoin seems almost designed to encourage speculation. It initially was doled out in tiny amounts to “miners,” the people who contributed computing capacity to power the bitcoin network. Some of those early adopters got rich in 2011 when the website Gawker publicized Silk Road, and the price of a bitcoin went from $1 to $32. The chatter around newly minted bitcoin millionaires attracted speculators. The price topped $1,000 in 2013, then collapsed when one of the biggest exchanges, Mt. Gox, disclosed that $480 million in bitcoin had mysteriously disappeared and filed for bankruptcy.
“Blockchain is like any other technology. If it is cheaper, effective, works, and secure, then we are going to use it.” —Jamie Dimon
Bitcoin evangelists say it will come into its own as more people start using it to buy stuff, rather than just holding on to it, hoping to make a killing. To execute a large volume of transactions, each bitcoin would have to be worth a significant amount in dollar terms, because the supply is fixed. Wedbush's Luria projects bitcoin will be used in 1 percent or 2 percent of online transactions within five years, about 80 times more than today. To handle that level of activity, which would amount to $126 billion in transfers a year, the price would have to rise to $1,429, he says.
One threat to bitcoin is that banks could render it superfluous by co-opting the blockchain, its main innovation. That's the encrypted database, distributed among users' computers, enabling transactions to be recorded without the help of a central authority. If big companies set up distributed databases to transfer dollars or euros quickly and cheaply enough, there'd be no need for digital currencies. “Blockchain is like any other technology,” JPMorgan Chase Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon said in November at the Fortune Global Forum. “If it is cheaper, effective, works, and secure, then we are going to use it.”
Meanwhile, the currency seems destined to remain the stuff that get-rich-quick dreams are made of. Fred Ehrsam, co-founder of the bitcoin exchange Coinbase, believes in the currency's future. For now, though, he says, “Most people who are buying and selling bitcoin don't fully understand it. They have it ingrained in their heads that it's just going to keep going up.”
The bottom line: Bitcoin's three-week 98% spike hurts its prospects for becoming a currency for ordinary transactions.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks advanced on Thursday, with each of the major U.S. indexes notching record highs, after a batch of economic data suggested the economy was picking up speed.
The ADP private sector employment report showed 253,000 jobs were added in May, well above the 185,000 estimated by economists polled by Reuters.
The report could signal a strong government payrolls report on Friday that includes hiring in both public and private sectors, which would cement expectations for an interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve in two weeks.
“More than anything it is employment data driven, it was such a resounding uptick over expectations,” said Paul Springmeyer, investment managing director at the Private Client Reserve at U.S. Bank in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
“It bodes well for the Fed; certainly the numbers are very, very high in terms of the likelihood of that (hike) coming through for June.”
Forecasts are for 185,000 nonfarm jobs created in May.
In addition to the ADP data, a separate report showed factory activity ticked up in May after two straight months of slowing.
San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank President John Williams said on Wednesday that while he sees three interest rate hikes this year as his baseline scenario, four rate increases would also be appropriate if the economy got an unexpected boost.
Fed Governor Jerome Powell, an influential policymaker, told CNBC that he expects three rate hikes this year.
Forecasts from Fed officials suggest that a median of two more hikes are planned before the end of the year.
Traders are currently pricing in an 88.9-percent chance of a quarter-percentage-point rate hike at the U.S. central bank's June 13-14 meeting, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 135.53 points, or 0.65 percent, to end at 21,144.18, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 18.26 points, or 0.76 percent, to 2,430.06 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 48.31 points, or 0.78 percent, to 6,246.83.
Gains were broad, with each of the 11 major S&P sectors on the plus side, led by gains in materials .SPLRCM, up 1.09 percent and healthcare .SPXHC, up 1.18 percent.
Deere's (DE.N) shares were up 1.8 percent to close at $124.70 after the farm and construction major said it would buy privately held German road construction company Wirtgen Group for $5.2 billion, including debt.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE.N) dropped 6.9 percent to $17.52 as the biggest drag on the S&P 500 after the company reported a steep fall in quarterly revenue.
Palo Alto Networks (PANW.N) jumped 17.2 percent to a more than four-month high of $138.99 after the cybersecurity company's profit forecast topped expectations.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., May 31, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 4.73-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 3.03-to-1 ratio favored advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 28 new 52-week highs and 11 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 82 new highs and 70 new lows.
About 6.89 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.72 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.
Friends of London Bridge terror victim Kirsty Boden have remembered her as someone who never gave up – whether she was chasing her dreams overseas, saving lives as a nurse or running to help others the night she was killed.
The 28-year-old, dubbed the "Angel of London Bridge" for trying to help victims of the June attack before she herself was fatally stabbed, was on Saturday farewelled in an emotional memorial service in Sydney.
Kirsty Boden was remembered as somebody who never gave up. Credit:Brendan Esposito
Friends paddled into the ocean off Tamarama Beach and threw sunflowers into the waves as one of Ms Boden's favourite Ed Sheeran songs played and up to 100 mourners watched on.
The young nurse, originally from South Australia, had lived and worked in the UK since 2013 but before then spent a number of years in Sydney where she was a volunteer at the Tamarama surf life saving club.
I've been thinking about New Year's Resolutions
because I am the sort of hopeless romantic who likes to make new year's resolutions. I like having landmarks in time for the changes I make in my life! (In 2011 I turned 22 and was lucky enough to land my first full-time job out of college, and so between being done with exciting birthdays and joining the great American race through the workforce and into eventual regret and inevitable death, I'm ready to hold onto any landmarks I can get.)
A lot of my resolutions are pretty lofty, with no set “goal.” I'm more likely to resolve to “exercise more” than to “run a 5k by June.” (I'm more likely to resolve to become a Freemason than to run a 5k.) But they're usually resolutions about doing something. One year I resolved not to use the word “hate” to describe my feelings. I wanted to be a more positive person. And while I'm sure I eventually lost track, it did make me think before I threw that word around about people. And it still does! That's the sort of change I like to make in myself.
So I've decided that in 2012, as a Grown-Ass Woman™, I'm going to do my best to end girl hate within myself. I want to make sure that when I talk shit, I'm talking shit on someone's character and not their parts/gender.
Earlier this year I read some article (really wish I could remember and link this one) about how in Italian, the word for “cunt” is used as a positive signifier—if something is figo, it's awesome or cool. And why shouldn't it be? Why, in the English language and in much of English-speaking culture, are vaginas at best taboo, usually mysterious or confusing, at worst filthy and shameful? (Some people have vaginas. Get over it. Y'know?) Why do we as a culture like sex so much but get so mystified and/or disgusted by female genitalia?
Also this year, I read a comment thread (again, memory fails me, though it was probably on Jezebel or 2X) in which someone pointed out that “bitch” has polar opposite meanings depending on the person to which the term is assigned. When a woman is a bitch, she's assertive; when a man is a bitch, he's weak. In other words, “bitch” is a catch-all term for someone who doesn't conform to gender standards. And what kind of outdated insult is that?
I know I'm not perfect. Recently I came across a photo of a girl who ~*~destroyed my lyfe~*~ in middle school for being a chubby, awkward weirdo, and oh my god, girl was looking rough. And it bugged me that I found this entertaining, let alone vindicating (and if I ever run for office, I'm deleting this Tumblr post and denying that seeing my middle school bully looking a hot mess ever brought me any sort of joy at all, and if any of you rat me out you are so on my shit list you know this is something I am working on). I don't want to perpetuate the same girl hate she flung at me ten years ago.
I want to know for sure that I can call people out on their bullshit without having to slut-shame, call anyone a “bitch,” or perpetuate the idea that vaginas are a bad thing. Because that's bullshit, and when you fight bullshit with bullshit the bullshit piles up and I'm pretty sure that's why everything is bullshit anyway and I don't wanna play that game because mine makes everyone feel better.
Cardiff's new manager will be given extensive transfer funds in January by owner Vincent Tan.
Malky Mackay was sacked on Friday after being told he would not be given a "single penny" for new signings following a transfer spending row.
Tan has instructed chairman Mehmet Dalman to appoint the new manager with the club understood to have one target.
Former Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is the favourite to takeover.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has put contract talks with Norwegian club Molde on hold, and I understand he has been earmarked to replace Malky Mackay at Cardiff. Once Solskjaer indicated that he was prepared to move from Molde, Vincent Tan could carry out the long-awaited sacking of Mackay.
Solskjaer, 40, started his coaching career at Old Trafford and was appointed reserve team manager in 2008.
He returned to Norway to join former club Molde as head coach in 2011, winning consecutive league titles in his first two seasons. Solskjaer has since put contract talks with Molde on hold.
Sven-Goran Eriksson and FC Basel boss Murat Yakin have also been linked with the Cardiff job, but reports suggesting Yilmaz Vural could take the position are wide of the mark.
Cardiff striker Craig Bellamy was asked by chief executive Simon Lim last Friday if he would take charge of the team on an interim basis should Mackay be sacked, but he rejected the chance.
Cardiff contenders Sven-Goran Eriksson: Currently with Chinese club Guangzhou R&F. It is assumed the former England boss has the sort of worldwide gravitas Tan is looking for.
Currently with Chinese club Guangzhou R&F. It is assumed the former England boss has the sort of worldwide gravitas Tan is looking for. Craig Bellamy: The lifelong Cardiff fan is bringing his playing career to an end with the club and played a key role in their promotion to the Premier League
The lifelong Cardiff fan is bringing his playing career to an end with the club and played a key role in their promotion to the Premier League Murat Yakin: Former Switzerland international won the Swiss league as FC Basel manager in 2013.
Former Switzerland international won the Swiss league as FC Basel manager in 2013. Dave Jones: Sacked by Tan in 2011 after failing to deliver promotion, he is out of work after losing his job at Sheffield Wednesday.
Sacked by Tan in 2011 after failing to deliver promotion, he is out of work after losing his job at Sheffield Wednesday. Ole Gunnar Solskjaer: Solksjaer has earned a fine reputation with Molde in his home country of Norway, winning the league twice and the cup once.
Malaysian businessman Tan walked out of Thursday's 3-0 home defeat by Southampton and told Dalman of his decision to dismiss Mackay on Friday morning.
Dalman relayed the news to the club's board of directors, which in turn joined Tan in giving him full mandate to recruit the next boss without interference.
Tan's relationship with Mackay deteriorated after he accused the 41-year-old Scot of overspending last summer's agreed transfer budget of £35m by around £15m.
Mackay and then-head of recruitment Iain Moody argued Tan and chief executive Lim were aware the initial figure was solely for transfer fees, knew it would increase to around £50m when factors such as salaries, image rights and agent fees were taken into consideration - and signed off each acquisition themselves.
Tan was particularly upset with Mackay's claim before the defeat at Crystal Palace on 7 December that striker Andreas Cornelius "has an awful lot of potential for the future" having cost a club-record £8m when signed from FC Copenhagen in July.
Moody was sacked in October and although Tan was talked out of dismissing Mackay, the tension resurfaced when the manager expressed a desire - after his side's 1-0 win against West Brom on 14 December - to make three news signings in January.
Lim released a statement from Tan on 16 December declaring the owner "extremely upset" with Mackay's words and stating that "not a single penny" would be made available for reinforcements in the new year.
On the same day, Mackay received an e-mail from Tan detailing a long list of grievances and criticisms, concluding with the ultimatum that he resign or face being sacked.
Premier League exits 2013-14 Paolo Di Canio (Sunderland)
Ian Holloway (Crystal Palace)
Martin Jol (Fulham)
Steve Clarke (West Brom)
Andre Villas-Boas (Tottenham)
Malky Mackay (Cardiff)
Mackay refused to quit, so Tan flew to the UK last Friday with the intention of removing Mackay, only for Dalman to convince him to hold further talks before making a final judgement.
Those took place in London and ran into the early hours of Saturday morning before Tan travelled to Anfield for Cardiff's 3-1 defeat at Liverpool, during which the away fans showed vociferous backing for Mackay and opposition towards the owner.
Mackay waved goodbye to the supporters thinking it would be his final game in charge. But after further discussions between Tan and Dalman on Saturday night, chairman Dalman released a statement announcing Mackay would meet the owner in a bid salvage their relationship and remain as boss for the "foreseeable future".
But Mackay said his request for the meeting to take place on Monday or Tuesday was declined and that he hoped it would happen at the end of the week, a revelation which riled Tan.
The final straw for Tan came after the Southampton loss when Mackay said that "we're washing our dirty linen in public at the moment". He felt Mackay was the main perpetrator of such conduct.
Mackay was appointed Cardiff boss in June 2011 after replacing Dave Jones and guided them to the 2012 League Cup final before gaining promotion to the Premier League for the first time last season.
Tan recently spoke to Jones about returning to the club in some capacity - despite Jones taking legal action after he was sacked, the pair have repaired their relationship - but he decided against pursuing that idea.
Jameka Evans. Photo courtesy Lambda Legal
Jameka Evans began working as a security guard at Georgia Regional Hospital in 2012, and the trouble, she alleged, started soon after that. In court complaints, she said that her supervisor, Charles Moss, didn't like the fact that she's a lesbian, nor how she wore men's clothes and cropped her hair in a masculine style. This, she said, led to mistreatment on the job, like the promotion of an unqualified coworker over her. Other co-workers felt empowered enough to join in, one of whom allegedly slammed doors in her face. (Georgia Regional Hospital did not respond to a request for comment by time of publication.)
"During my term of employment, I endured harassment and denial of equal pay and retaliation simply because of my sexual orientation and lifestyle," Evans said at a press conference last Thursday, as reported by Project Q Atlanta. "There is where my fight began, and hopefully it will end at the Supreme Court."
The press conference was where Evans, the plantiff in Evans v. Georgia Regional Hospital, announced alongside her lawyers that she had asked the Supreme Court to hear her case. Stuck in a hostile work environment with no help from human resources, Evans left her job at the Atlanta-area hospital in 2013; Evans sued her former employer two years later, citing a violation of her rights under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, which prohibits employment discrimination on the basis of race, sex, and religion, among other categories. She's been navigating courtrooms ever since. First, a district court dismissed her claim; then the 11th Circuit denied her appeal in what Slate's Mark Joseph Stern called a "deeply confused" opinion. Now, Evans and her legal team are taking their fight to the country's highest court.
Should the justices rule in her favor, it will be a major decision, and all Americans—but particularly the most visibly queer Americans, those who need it most—will finally be protected from workplace discrimination on account of their sexual orientation. Should the court rule against her, the US will remain a place where, despite recent, highly visible measures of progress for LGBTQ rights, a black lesbian woman can be marginalized in the workplace and have no legal recourse in over half of the United States.
Evans's argument rests on the idea that Title VII, through use of the word "sex," also protects employees from discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation. The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) backs this position, set forth during Baldwin v. Dep't of Transportation in 2015. Despite the EEOC's decision, the 11th Circuit interpreted the word "sex" as pertained to Evans's case extremely narrowly. Some might even say anachronistically, considering the Seventh Circuit ruled that discrimination against one's sexual orientation is a form of sex discrimination in Hively v. Ivy Tech Community College earlier this year—a case in which a woman was denied full-time employment and later terminated because she is a lesbian. Evans's lawyers are hoping the Supreme Court can resolve the conflict between the rulings by the Seventh and 11th Circuit courts.
When it comes to sexual orientation, Stanford Law School professor and anti-discrimination law scholar Richard Thompson Ford said that an affirmative Supreme Court ruling "would mean that everyone in all 50 states would be entitled to equal treatment in employment without regard to their sexual orientation."
Ford thinks that it's likely the Supreme Court will hear Evans's case, citing the Seventh Circuit's ruling in Hively v. Ivy earlier this year and the EEOC holding on Title VII and sexual orientation from 2015. He also said that "there is a good chance the Court will hold that Title VII prohibits sexual orientation discrimination"—that is, decide in Evans's favor—due to Hively and other precedent-setting cases.
Watch "Gavin Grimm: The Student at the Heart of the Trans Civil Rights Movement"
There is also Zarda v. Altitude Express to consider, an ongoing case involving a since-deceased gay man and an employer that allegedly didn't go far enough to protect him from anti-gay bias on the job. Attorney Gregory Antollino appealed Zarda in January of this year, and the Second Circuit granted an en banc review this May. Two months later, the Jeff Sessions–led Department of Justice filed a brief in the case arguing that Title VII does not extend to sexual orientation, and that "any efforts to amend Title VII's scope should be directed to Congress rather than the courts." Still, Ford feels confident that the Supreme Court will side with Evans. "This is clearly the way the wind is blowing," he said.
The DOJ's suggestion that LGBTQ workplace protections should be left to Congress is particularly frustrating, as politicians have tried to affect this kind of change for decades—the most recent example of which, the Equality Act, died in committee in 2015 before being reintroduced earlier this year. Without a proper federal law, the only kind of codified workplace protections that lesbian, gay, bisexual, and queer people have are found at the state level. At present, only 22 states plus Washington, DC, prohibit such discrimination, according to the Movement Advancement Project (MAP), an LGBTQ-focused law and policy think tank. This leaves about half of the country's queer and trans population unprotected.
It's impossible to say whether a Supreme Court precedent like the one she's seeking would have saved her, if a court does find her allegations true. And it wouldn't account for the anti-LGBTQ bias Evans would likely experience in the courtroom, which disproportionately affects queer people of color when compared to their white counterparts, nor would it account for the harassment queer people face even in states where such anti-discrimination laws exist. But the ruling would have at least given her some sort of legal recourse to find justice, which is better than the options she had at the time: stay and endure the harassment she said she faced, or try to find comfort in unemployment.
Follow Harron Walker on Twitter.
President Barack Obama was in Greece for a few days, on his official “farewell tour”. He was only the fourth sitting U.S. to ever visit the country and the two-day trip was covered extensively in the mainstream media.
The trip included visits to the Acropolis, the Acropolis Museum, a State Dinner hosted by Greek President Prokopis Pavlopoulos and an historic speech at the Stavros Niarchos Cultural Center in Athens where the president spoke about democracy and globalization.
The visit was covered by every mainstream news organization and the speech was even broadcast live via Facebook by the White House. (Watch President Obama's speech here) and while the world watched the speeches and all of the public broadcasts– we've captured some interesting facts, tidbits and stories that weren't fully covered in the mainstream media that might be of interest to our readers.
SECURITY & PROTESTS
While President Obama was arguing for debt relief for Greece, thousands of anti-globalization demonstrators and anarchists were doing this:
Because of the security risks, the President's main speech– which was supposed to be given outdoors at Pnyx Hill, was relocated to the Stavros Niarchos Cultural Center.
More than 4,000 Greek police officers were on duty during the President's visit and it was reported that more than 400 secret service members arrived in Greece prior to the President from the United States to secure locations and work out the details with various Greek agencies.
Three identical limousines were used in the motorcade to confuse potential attackers, which is a typical safety measure wherever the U.S. President travels. The motorcade included dozens of vehicles and was captured driving by the Greek Parliament. All in all it took more than a minute for all of the cars to drive by:
THE MENU AT THE STATE DINNER?
The menu at the State Dinner was coordinated between chefs at the Greek Presidential Mansion and White House staffers so that food was agreeable to the President's diet.
Dinner included a shrimp risotto as a starter, followed by Greek sfyrida or grouper, hand picked by the Greek chefs from the fish markets of Athens especially for the occasion. The meal was accompanied with Greek white wine and completed with chestnut spoon sweets, also known as glyko koutaliou.
The invitation list included a who's who from the Greek political world, including members of the current government, as well as certain members of the opposition, including Kyriakos Mitsotakis, the head of the New Democracy party. There were only 130 people invited.
The list also included numerous Greek industrialists and socialites, including Marianna Vardinogianni and Marianna Latsis, both known for their philanthropic activities in Greece and abroad.
Several Greek Americans were also present, including AHEPA President Andrew C. Zachariades, Mark Arey the executive director of the Hellenic Initiative, Nick Larigakis the executive director of the American Hellenic Institute, former U.S. Ambassador to Hungary Eleni Tsakopoulos-Kounalakis, author Nicholas Gage and longtime Obama hometown friend Alexi Giannoulias from Chicago.
The dinner included entertainment by a Greek children's choir that performed Greek songs by Mikis Theodorakis, as well as Simon and Garfunkel's Sound of Silence and John Lennon's Imagine. The clip is from Pete Souza, White House photographer's personal Instagram account:
Choir sings during State Dinner in Greece. A video posted by Pete Souza (@petesouza) on Nov 15, 2016 at 1:06pm PST
The President was also greeted by traditional costumed women representing various regions of Greece from the Lykeion ton Ellindon.
Obama didn't stay in central Athens, opting instead for a bungalow room (not even the Presidential Suite!) at the famed Astir Palace in Vouliagmeni. Upon departure, he left a note of thanks in the hotel's guest book.
Upon his departure, Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras bid farewell to the U.S. President at Eleftherios Venizelos Airport and as Obama boarded Air Force One, a farewell gift awaited him from one of the American journalists that accompanied him on the trip to Greece– a box of baklava.
The reporter from ABC News tasted the baklava at the Grand Bretagne Hotel where he and his journalist colleagues were staying during the trip and said it was the best he had ever tasted. He asked hotel chefs to prepare a box to give to the President for his trip to Germany.
No, FDR Did Not Know The Japanese Were Going To Bomb Pearl Harbor
Enlarge this image toggle caption Express/Getty Images Express/Getty Images
Seventy-five years after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, some Americans have never stopped believing that President Franklin Roosevelt let it happen in order to draw the U.S. into World War II.
"It's ridiculous," says Rob Citino, a senior researcher at the National World War II Museum in New Orleans. "But it's evergreen. It never stops. My students, over 30 years — there'd always be someone in class [who'd say], 'Roosevelt knew all about it.'"
Conspiracy theories, half-truths and full-on lies are getting new attention as they appear alongside real news and information on social networks — but that's nothing new. The official investigations into the Japanese attack started in the 1940s, and even now, each time new documents become declassified, a headline pops up asking whether Roosevelt allowed it.
No, says Roosevelt biographer Jean Edward Smith.
"He was totally caught off guard by it," Smith says. "The record is clear. There was no evidence of the Japanese moving toward Pearl Harbor that was picked up in Washington."
That's not to say that the White House might not have expected some kind of attack from Japan — possibly against U.S. bases in the Philippines. Roosevelt had been tightening the screws on Tokyo to hinder the Japanese conquest of China, "instituting a full embargo on exports to Japan, freezing Japanese assets in U.S. banks and sending supplies into China along the Burma Road," according to the State Department.
Citino says Roosevelt believed those economic restrictions could get Japan to reduce its ambitions in Asia.
"Sanctions are better than war — if you have time to let them apply, and if there's somebody sensible on the other side." But Roosevelt "was wrong in that assessment," Citino says, and the Japanese were mistaken in thinking they could remove the threat from the U.S. Navy to their operations in the Western Pacific.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bettmann Archive/Getty Images Bettmann Archive/Getty Images
"Pearl Harbor [brought about] unintended consequences for both sides," he says.
The U.S. didn't think the Japanese would retaliate militarily. And the use of then-new naval weapons such as aircraft carriers was still being explored. No one had sailed a fleet of carriers 4,000 miles across an ocean to raid an enemy's fleet while it sat at anchor.
For their part, the Japanese did not think the U.S. would have the stomach to rebuild its Navy and then launch a bloody fight, island by island, across the Pacific.
These kinds of bad assumptions and poor intelligence start wars, Citino says — an understanding that seems so obvious today even as the conspiracy theories outlive the eyewitnesses to the battle.
Bob Krist/CORBIS
An article from Scientific American.
Wait a minute. There's something unusual about the subway seat you just claimed. It's awfully warm, and a peculiar odor seems to hover in the air nearby—a stale, musty odor tinged with something as acrid as mothballs. You know this aroma: it's "old person smell."
Anecdotally, the unique scent of the elderly lingers wherever they live and in any confined spaces they have recently occupied, such as taxis and elevators. Many different cultures have recognized the phenomenon—the Japanese even have a word for it, kareishuu—but the biological truth of old person smell remains uncertain. In a new study, blindfolded volunteers reliably recognized the aroma of the elderly by sniffing sweat-soaked armpit pads, although they had a much harder time correctly matching pads to the young and middle-aged, and they were not able to make fine distinctions about age based on scent alone. Contrary to the popular notion that old person smell is disagreeable, volunteers in the new study rated the odors of the elderly as much less unpleasant and intense than those of the middle-aged and young. Combined with earlier research, the new findings suggest that people retain a latent ability to gauge someone's age based on their odor, a talent inherited from evolutionary ancestors that might be linked to the ways animals recognize the sick and dying.
Researchers have shown that the body odors of some animals—including mice, black-tailed deer, otters, owls and rabbits—change with age and that animals can distinguish their young and old peers by smell. In other studies, investigators discovered that people, too, can tell the difference between old and young otters and rabbits by using scent cues.
Human body odor also changes with age, depending largely on the activity of various skin glands and how the substances they release interact with bacteria. The sebaceous glands, which secrete a waxy substance called sebum to lubricate and waterproof the skin, are particularly active during puberty and throughout most adulthood. Likewise, apocrine sweat glands—which are only located in a few places, such as the armpits and genital region—rev up during puberty. Eccrine sweat glands, found all over the human body, exude a clear, odorless, salty liquid throughout life. All these fluids begin to stink when bacteria break down the various chemicals they contain—especially steroids and lipids—into smaller, odorous molecules that easily waft into the air. The more sweat on the skin, the more chemicals for the bacteria to break down, and the stronger the body odor.
Johan Lundström of the Monell Chemical Senses Center studies human and animal body odors and how the brain responds to smells. Every now and then, he gives scientific talks at an elderly care center in the greater Philadelphia area that—he realized one day—smells almost exactly like the nursing home his mother managed in Sweden when he was young. Perhaps the smell really did emanate from the residents. Knowing about earlier research on animal body odors and age, Lundström decided to test whether smell also informs how people evaluate age.
In their new study, Lundström and his colleagues sewed absorbent nursing pads into the armpits of T-shirts and asked volunteers of different ages to sleep in the shirts for five consecutive nights. The researchers divided the 44 volunteers into three groups: eight women and eight men between the ages of 20 and 30 (the young); the same number of men and women between 45 and 55 (middle-aged); and six women and six men between 75 and 95 (elderly). During the day, the volunteers stored the T-shirts in sealed plastic bags; avoided spicy foods, cigarettes and alcohol; and showered with odorless shampoo and soap.
After the fifth night, Lundström and his team collected and carefully quartered the sweaty nursing pads, placing four segments from each age group in different glass jars in preparation for a smell test. A different group of 41 young men and women volunteered their noses, taking a big whiff of the air at the top of a jar while blindfolded and rating both the intensity and pleasantness of the odor. Sometimes volunteers had to choose which of two odors most likely came from the older volunteer. Other times the volunteers had to label different jars "young," "middle-age" or "old-age."
Contrary to common complaints about "old people smell," the volunteers' blind ratings revealed that they found elderly people's odors both less intense and less unpleasant than odors from young and middle-aged people. Middle-aged man musk took top prize for intensity and unpleasantness, whereas volunteers rated the odors of middle-aged women most pleasant and whiffs of old man as least intense.
Not only did volunteers in Lundström's new study rate the scent of the elderly as less offensive than any other, they also had the easiest time singling out old person smell from a selection of odors. When the volunteers compared two jars containing pads from different age groups, they reliably recognized that the odors were different, but they were not particularly adept at deciding which scent came from the older person. When volunteers attempted to label several different jars by age group, they also often failed to correctly identify odors from the young and middle-aged—but they were much more successful at picking out the jars containing pads soaked in elderly sweat. Old people smell was often instantly recognizable. The findings appear May 30 in PLoS ONE.
Together, the evidence indicates that people recognize a characteristic "old people smell" not because of the aroma's intensity or offensiveness, but because of its uniqueness compared to the body odors of younger people. "I think it's true that old people smell a certain way," Lundström says, "but the idea that the smell is negative may largely be social stigma." An earlier study found that, compared with people aged 25 to 40, people over age 40 have higher levels of a fragrant organic compound known as 2-nonenal in their sweat and on their skin. The chemical, which the researchers described as having an "unpleasant grassy and greasy odor," might be "a major cause of the deterioration in body odor that has been observed with aging"—in other words, the biological explanation for why older people have a characteristic odor. But the compound has also been linked to the scent of cucumbers and aged beer, which are not distasteful to most people; others have compared old people smell to old book smell, which most people find benign at worst and enjoyable at best.
Compared with many other animals, humans have a lousy sense of smell. Determining exactly how people change their behavior based on one another's scents—or possibly pheromones—has frustrated and challenged scientists. Still, some evidence suggests that subtle chemical communication, much of it subconscious, helps people recognize family, changes women's reproductive cycles and makes it easier to empathize with others. As for the advantage of recognizing age by odor, "It might be a way to distinguish the sick from the healthy—not overt sickness, but underlying cell decay," Lundström says. "The older we get, the more natural decay we have. But no one really knows why animals or people have this ability."
France's president has sent an invitation to Lebanese leader Saad Hariri and his family to spend a few days in Paris.
Emmanuel Macron's offer came just hours after Lebanon's President Michel Aoun said on Wednesday that nothing justified the apparent detention of Hariri in Saudi Arabia.
Hariri, a Sunni Muslim politician and longtime ally of Saudi Arabia, suddenly announced his resignation as Lebanon's prime minister during a visit to Riyadh on November 4.
He has been promising to return home soon but Saudi leaders say they fear for his safety if he does.
Macron extended an invitation to Hariri and his family to come to France after speaking with Mohammed bin Salman, Saudi Arabia's heir apparent, the Elysee Palace said on Wednesday.
The Elysee Palace did not say how long Hariri would stay in France.
Macron was quoted by the French news media as saying he was not offering Hariri political "exile", but that it was paramount to dispel the notion that Saudi Arabia had taken him prisoner.
"We need to have leaders who are free to express themselves," said Macron. "It's important that [Hariri] is able to advance the political process in his country in the coming days and weeks."
Separately, Jean-Yves Le Drian, the French foreign minister, was due to dine with Prince Mohammed in Riyadh later on Wednesday, according to the French foreign ministry.
Lebanon was under French control between the world wars and maintains close relations with the country, and especially with the Hariri family.
It has been trying to mediate in the crisis between Lebanon and Saudi Arabia.
Hariri's itinerary
Okab Sakr, a Lebanese politician from Hariri's Future Movement political party, said on Wednesday Hariri would arrive in Paris in the next 48 hours.
"It is likely he will visit other countries as well before heading to Beirut," he said.
"It is very likely he will be doing a tour of some European and Arab countries to explain Lebanon's position on the current crisis before he returns [to Lebanon].
Hariri's latest pledge to return came on Tuesday Hariri's latest pledge to return came on Tuesday via Twitter after he met the visiting head of Lebanon 's Maronite Christian Church in Riyadh, Patriarch Beshara al-Rai.
Rai became the first Lebanese public figure to visit Rai became the first Lebanese public figure to visit Saudi Arabia since Hariri announced his resignation in a televised speech from Riyadh.
 Play Video  Play   Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Loaded : 0%  0:00  Progress : 0% 0:00 Progress : 0% Stream Type LIVE Remaining Time -0:00 Playback Rate 1  Chapters Chapters  descriptions off , selected Descriptions  subtitles off , selected Subtitles  captions settings , opens captions settings dialog
captions settings caption off , selected Captions  Audio Track  Fullscreen This is a modal window. Caption Settings Dialog Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done WATCH: Hariri breaks silence - 'I am free in Saudi Arabia' (2:25)
In that speech, Hariri blamed interference in Lebanon by In that speech, Hariri blamed interference in Lebanon by Iran and its Lebanese ally Hezbollah for his decision, adding that he feared an assassination attempt.
Saad Hariri's father, Rafik Hariri, was killed in a devastating truck bombing in 2005.
In his statement on Wednesday, Aoun described the "detention of Hariri" a Saudi act of aggression.
"We will not accept him remaining a hostage whose reason for detention we do not know," he said.
"Nothing justifies Hariri's lack of return for 12 days. We, therefore, consider him detained."
Aoun also said Lebanon had confirmed that Hariri's family were under detention in their house in Saudi Arabia and were searched whenever they entered or left it.
Tensions with Iran
Under a political deal reached last year, a coalition government was formed in Lebanon, with Hariri as prime minister and Aoun as president.
Hezbollah also joined the 30-member unity government.
Last week, after a ballistic missile fired by Yemen's Iran-aligned Shia Houthi rebels was intercepted in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia accused Lebanon of declaring war on the kingdom.
Saudi Arabia and its Arab Gulf allies view Hezbollah as a terrorist organisation because of its role in Arab countries ranging from Syria to Yemen.
In a speech from Beirut on Friday, the leader of Hezbollah In a speech from Beirut on Friday, the leader of Hezbollah said Hariri's "forced" resignation was unconstitutional because it was done "under pressure".
Hassan Nasrallah said he was sure Hariri was forced to resign as part of what he called Saudi Arabia's policy of stoking sectarian tensions in Lebanon.
Sighthounds are fascinating dogs with a history of being selectively bred for hunting by sight and speed, which is in contrast with scenthounds who were selectively bred to hunt by scent and endurance. Also known as gazehounds, sighthounds are talented dogs who come equipped with special features that distinguish them from other dogs, making them quite unique masterpieces of nature. One of their most remarkable features are their eyes, which unlike other dogs, have some distinct traits which allowed them to excel in what they were bred for.
A Look Back in History
Sighthounds are dogs who are believed to descend from ancient specimens originating in Africa, or possibly Arabia. Their habitats for the most part consisted of wide-open lands in the desert. Their main job was to hunt down and chase prey animals such as deer or hare running across the desert. Upon spotting prey with their keen sense of sight, these dogs had to sprint into action often reaching speeds of just over 40 miles per hour.
The practice of hare coursing (sighthounds chasing hare) for hunting or sporting purposes was popular in Europe and restricted to landowners and the aristocrats, considering that back then, owning sighthounds was prohibited to any members of lower social classes. Because sighthounds have a history of mostly working at a distance from humans with very little guidance, most sighthounds are considered “independent thinkers.”
A Matter of Visual Streak
Spotting prey animals across wide open lands required special vision. The eyes of sighthounds are known for having a “visual streak”. What exactly is a visual streak? It's a horizontally aligned area in the retina lined up with ganglion cells. Not too long ago, there was belief that all dogs had their ganglion cells distributed in such a way, but a study conducted by Paul McGreevey,Alison Harman and Grassi T. D, revealed that only dogs with long noses have a visual streak. Turns out, dogs with short noses such as pugs, Pekignese and Boston terrier instead have their ganglion cells densely packed in one spot called the “area centralis.” The visual streak is therefore a characteristic of dogs with long muzzles who needed to rely on their peripheral vision to hunt.
“The coursing breeds—Greyhounds, Salukis, and other hounds developed to scan vast expanses of desert—are the prototypical visual-streak breeds. Not for nothing are they called sighthounds.”~Bud Boccone
Field of Vision
The field of vision varies between animals and depends to a great extent on eye placement. Generally, among prey animals (think cows, zebras and horses) the eyes are set wide apart so to allow them the widest field of vision possible (especially when they are grazing) so that they can watch for danger in all directions. This lateral eye placement also allows them to watch in two directions at once. Predators, on the other hand (think cats, primates and owls) have eyes that are placed closer in front of the face which instead allows them more depth perception, something that comes handy when they need to track and pounce on their prey.
“Eyes in the front, the animal hunts. Eyes on the side, the animal hides.”
Interestingly, when it comes to sighthounds, they are an exception to the rule. Their narrow heads allow their eyes to be quite lateral which gives them quite an impressive field of vision. A greyhound is known for having a field of vision of up to 270 degrees, which is quite impressive compared to us humans who have a mere 180 degree fields of vision. The greyhound even beats other dogs, considering that the average dog has a field of vision around 250 degrees. Therefore despite being carnivores, it can be said that sighthounds have a herbivore field of view. Most likely, this feature was crafted in such a way so to allow them to scan the horizon at a distance in search of the slightest movement of prey.
“The theory that the hunting animal (dog) has a more anterior ocular placement than the hunted (i,e rabbit) does not seem appropriate when looking at the greyhound, which is reportedly a “sighthound ” with marked lateral placement of its eyes. ” ~ David W. Hobson
References:
CLOSE Republican Rand Paul campaigned in western Iowa Thursday before hosting a birthday party at Buzzard Billy's in downtown Des Moines. It was there his campaign announced it has 1,007 precinct captains committed for caucus night. Brian Powers/The Register
Buy Photo Republican presidential candidate Rand Paul cheers as he holds a rolling pin that was used as a scroll containing the names of all 1,007 precinct captains his campaign announced at Buzzard Billy's in Des Moines on Thursday, Jan. 07, 2016. (Photo: Brian Powers/The Register)Buy Photo
Sen. Rand Paul rang in his 53rd birthday with several hundred supporters in one of his more raucous Iowa campaign events.
The Republican presidential hopeful spent Thursday campaigning in western Iowa before the birthday party at Buzzard Billy's in downtown Des Moines. It was there his campaign announced it has 1,007 precinct captains committed for caucus night on Feb. 1.
The number of volunteers represents 60 percent of Iowa's 1,681 precincts. Steve Grubbs, the campaign's chief Iowa strategist, parted the crowd Thursday night with an “official Iowa Rand Paul scroll” representing the “1,007 precinct captains who are committed to winning the Iowa Caucuses in 24 days.”
MORE: Tics, quips and quirks from the Iowa campaign trail
The gesture was followed by chants of “President Paul!” and “End the Fed!” by the more than 200 people who gathered to share a beer and cake with the Kentucky senator.
Paul stood on table to deliver a short, but loud speech devoid of policy to the “lovers of liberty in the house.”
“In about three weeks, we're going to shock them. Just this crowd here tonight ought to show them what's coming,” Paul said. “One thousand precinct chairs shows that we are a first-tier campaign that's in it — not to mess around, not to get second, not to get third, not to get sixth — we're in it to win it.”
Tim Sirianni, 40, of Des Moines said he appreciates a presidential candidate who will have a beer with supporters, which shows “he's one of us.” (Paul drank a pint of Beaverdale Brick from Des Moines' Confluence Brewing Company.) Sirianni said he will caucus for Paul because of his stances on cutting debt, auditing the Federal Reserve, and limiting government.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“The main reason is constitutionally, though,” he said. “He's going to stand by the Constitution and that's what our country is founded on.”
WHERE IN IOWA?: Track presidential campaign visits across the state
LOVE IOWA CAUCUS HISTORY?Find historic galleries, recaps of the caucuses
Follow Iowa Caucus news, photos, videos with Iowa Caucuses App:iPhone or iPad | Android
AT THE EVENT
SETTING: Paul held a birthday party at Buzzard Billy's in downtown Des Moines.
CROWD: More than 200 people crowded into the back room, with supporters spilling out into the hall and the main restaurant.
REACTION: The crowd was rowdy, chanting and cheering for Paul before and after he spoke. They also sang "Happy Birthday" to the senator.
WHAT'S NEXT: Paul will be in central and eastern Iowa on Friday and will hold another birthday party at River Music Experience, 129 N. Main St., in Davenport.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1RcQFRS
Forum Jump
User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Whoare Online Search Forums Forums Home Welcome to the Ministry of Rum Forums Members Only Introductions Google Member Map Polls Gifts for the Rum Lover in Your Life Sugar Cane Spirits Rum questions/discussions Rhum Agricole Cachaça Batavia Arrack Rum of the Month Discussion Cocktails and Food White Rums Dark Rums Flavored - Rums, Rhums and Cachaзas Mixers, Water, Ice and Glasses Rum in food recipes Bars that appreciate RUM Rum & Cigars Bitters - that magic cocktial ingredient Meet the Distiller / Blender Meet Joy Spence from Appleton Estate Rums Meet Carl Kanto from Demerara Distillers Meet Claudine Neisson Vernant from Martinique Who would you like to meet? Rum in the Media Rum News Press Releases Rum Events The Book Shelf Rum Rumors Ministry of Rum Connoisseur's Cabinet Welcome to the Connoisseur's Cabinet Arctic Wolf Count Silvio Dood forrest Hank Koestner Rum Runner TheRumelier Tiare Rum related websites Rum information sites Rum reviews Off Topic Where's Ed? Caribbean Related Discussion Member Sites of Interest Deals and Discounts in your area New England - that's in the US Southern States The Heartland - that's also in the US The Wild West UK The EU Online Deals Other discussion Site Help Almanac Input Site Help Suggestions & Feedback For the Trade Introduction
Nonetheless, the archaeologists said the cave was a significant discovery.
"This exciting excavation is the closest we've come to discovering new Dead Sea scrolls in 60 years, said Dr. Oren Gutfeld, the director of the excavation.
“Until now, it was accepted that Dead Sea scrolls were found only in 11 caves at Qumran, but now there is no doubt that this is the 12th cave.”
The researchers said they knew scrolls had been stored in the cave because they found shattered jars similar to those that held scrolls in the other 11 caves.
They also found leather scraps that bound the scrolls as well as cloth and other items. Two mid-20th century pickaxes were also found at the scene - evidence, the researchers said, of the presence of looters.
One small piece of parchment was found rolled up inside a jug and has been sent off for analysis.
“Although at the end of the day no scroll was found, and instead we ‘only' found a piece of parchment rolled up in a jug that was being processed for writing, the findings indicate beyond any doubt that the cave contained scrolls that were stolen,” said Dr Gutfeld.
The excavation was made as part of “Operation Scroll”, a project launched by the Israeli government to try to uncover more Dead Sea Scrols.
Happy Friday! I hope you all had a great work week! I am so excited about the weekend! I hope for a break in the rainy weather so I can get some last minute shopping done for Christmas, can you believe we are just over two weeks away! Holy moly, I need to get busy!!! To carry on the holiday cheer, today I have a snowflake mani. Those who know me, know I love snowflakes and today's look is up there on my top five snowflake looks!
For today's snowflake mani I started with three thin coats of Liz Taylor by Monster Polish. This is stunning periwinkle creme with silver ultra holo glitters. Next I used snowflake vinyls from Neverland Lacquers for an incredibly easy snowflake look. I laid some snowflakes to where the pattern hung off the nail and then just trimmed the excess. This gave a more random look that I love. Everything was sealed with three coats of Clearly On Top by KBShimmer for the smoothes finish possible.
So what do you guys think of my snowflake mani? Ahhhh, I love it!!! The colors are perfect, the glitter is amazing, and the vinyls were so easy to use! One of my favorite winter looks ever! Thank you so much for stopping by on this lovely Friday and I am going to leave you guys with a cute pic of Phat Penny chilling with one to the many ornaments she has plucked from the Kasper Christmas tree! <3
A Stamford Hill school has rejected “mischievous” claims that it teaches pupils non-Jews are evil.
An anonymous source told the The Independent that the Yiddish translation of a test by the Satmar school Beis Rochel referred to non-Jews as “evil goyim”. One section asks: “What have the evil goyim done with shuls and cheders?” The answer reads: “Burned them.” Another asks: “What did goyim want to do with Jews?” The answer was: “Kill them.”
The school said in a statement: “The newspaper failed to understand the context and mischievously suggested that children were being taught that goyim rather than Nazis were evil. It falsley accused the school of fearmongering, encouraging pupils to believe all non-Jews were evil. This is not the case, but to avoid any confusion the school will explicitly refer to ‘Nazis' next year.”
Get The Jewish News Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Emily Green, a former Beis Rochel student who now helps ultra-Orthodox Jews who want to leave the community, said: “It's not uncommon to be taught non-Jewish people are evil in ultra-Orthodox Jewish schools. It is part of the prayers, teaching, the whole ethos.”
She added: “Psychologically, you become so afraid of the world out there after being taught how dangerous and bad and evil non-Jews are, that it makes it harder to leave.”
The Texas governor, Rick Perry, called a second special session of the state legislature to pass controversial abortion restrictions, after the first attempt by Republicans died overnight thanks to a marathon one-woman filibuster.
On Wednesday, Perry ordered lawmakers to meet again on 1 July to act on the abortion proposals, as well as separate bills that would boost highway funding and deal with a juvenile justice issue. The sweeping abortion rules would close nearly all abortion clinics and impose other widespread restrictions on the procedure across the nation's second-largest state.
The measure passed the House, but died after a Democratic Senator, Wendy Davis, led a filibuster effort that lasted 12 hours. Hundreds of protesters cheered and clapped in the public gallery, disrupting Senate proceedings as the session closed at midnight. That sparked boisterous chanting from the public gallery, which lasted until after midnight and threw proceedings into turmoil. Amid the din, no one was sure if a vote had taken place in time. Democrats claimed it happened a minute or two after the deadline, while Republicans said the vote should stand.
After initially appearing to declare that the bill had gone through, lieutenant governor David Dewhurst said at about 3am that it had passed by 19 votes to 10 – but added that the "ruckus and noise going on" had prevented him from completing the formalities required to rubber-stamp it into law.
Senator Wendy Davis begins her marathon filibuster. Photograph: Eric Gay/AP
"I didn't lose control of what we were doing. We had an unruly mob … using Occupy Wall Street tactics," he told reporters. Finally lost for words, Davis said that she was "overwhelmed".
The proposals called for abortions to be banned after 20 weeks, clinics to upgrade their facilities to be classed as surgical centres and doctors to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles. They would have forced 37 of the state's 42 clinics to close, according to opponents, making it very difficult for women in rural areas to obtain an abortion.
Tuesday's filibuster went viral and more than 150,000 people watched via YouTube. Thousands more followed on Twitter, especially after President Obama brought events to his 33 million followers' attention, telling them "Something special is happening in Austin tonight" and using the hashtag #StandWithWendy.
Associated Press in Austin contributed to this report
FRISCO, Texas – He might have been a snubbed in December, but Sean Lee is officially a Pro Bowler now.
Lee was added to the Pro Bowler roster as an alternate on Tuesday afternoon, as Carolina linebacker Luke Kuechly will be unable to participate in the game due to injury.
The addition of Lee gives the Cowboys six Pro Bowlers following a 13-3 season in 2016. Dak Prescott, Ezekiel Elliott, Tyron Smith, Travis Frederick and Zack Martin were all named to the all-star game last month.
There was confusion and frustration when Lee was left off the initial roster. After all, he finished the season fourth in the NFL in total tackles, with 145 – not to mention 12 tackles for loss. This is his second nomination to the Pro Bowl, as he was honored last year as an alternate, as well.
This is the third major accolade of Lee's season. He was named as the Cowboys' nominee for the Walter Payton Man of the Year award last month. On top of that, he was named first-team All-Pro – one of the highest honors in the game – at the end of the season.
Lee and his teammates will have the benefit of working with their own coaching staff when they get to Orlando, Fla., next week. The Cowboys' coaching staff is going to work the Pro Bowl, where they'll be able to work with their six players at the week's practices.
What mote is that? Jonathan Schell in the The Nation (and reprinted in the Star) says the Murdoch papers “replaced” the noble aims of journalism with “titillation and gossip.” Try not to think of Canadian coverage of the royal tour last week when you read that, I dare you. It was all T&G all the time. The CBC was the worst and it lacks even the excuse of needing to maximize profits for shareholders. Now, with the royals departed, it's still hard to find much on CBC news.
Can we declare a moratorium on Canadian Schadenfreude over Rupert Murdoch and his British tabs? They deserve what they're getting and more. But it tends to conceal the mote in our own eye.
I don't consider these traits a failure of “journalism” because I don't think of journalism as a kid going to school and taking exams. Schell says: “Journalism's essential role in a democracy is to enable people to fulfill their roles as citizens.” How does he know — did God tell him? I hate essential roles. They're usually moral one-upmanship
What about the Murdochian impulse to control politics along a right-wing axis? Well, the National Post was clearly created in 1998 to push Canadian journalism rightward and has had smashing success. In last May's election, every daily in Canada, except the Star and the smallish Le Devoir, endorsed Stephen Harper. Even in the last U.K. election you didn't get such uniformity.
Journalism is a mixed bag that includes Murdochs. It arose in the 1700s partly to help owners of printing presses offset their heavy investment. It gravitated to titillation and gossip because it's hard to find enough to put in a paper every day. Similar impulses led to political posturing. Freedom of the press was invented, said Canadian historian Harold Innis, to conceal the monopoly power of those who owned the presses. At most, as Gandhi said about Western civilization, it would be a good idea, worth achieving some day.
Journalism isn't an inherently virtuous activity like medicine or teaching, that can get distorted. It's more like government: it's there, probably won't go away, but can act in various directions, depending on lots of things. People have different motives and visions and there are always conflicting approaches.
Toronto's first mayor, William Lyon Mackenzie, was a newspaperman all his life. He got into it to give a voice to the “hardworking farmers and labourers,” since none of the many other papers in the colony did so.
The Star is an interesting case. It was begun by striking newspaper workers in 1892 as an alternative to the five other Toronto dailies, and run for 50 years by “crusading” editor Joseph Atkinson. It may be the only paper anywhere with a specific set of goals, along the lines of social justice and equality, built right into its corporate legal structure. That's like acknowledging journalism is an area of moral contention, where values clash and are constructed, rather than some city on a hill that everyone pointlessly genuflects to. Of course even then, “the struggle continues,” as they say, since verbalizing a set of values isn't the same thing as embodying them in your paper (or life) each day.
There was a redeeming moment for Canadian journalism in the week of the mote. His name is Kai Nagata. He's 24 and was CTV's eastern Canada reporter till he quit last Friday with a detailed explanation. He gave it a shot but it wasn't what he had in mind. He objected to the pressures to look a certain way on camera, the trivialization (he was especially disgusted by CBC's royals coverage) and the anti-social drift of Canadian politics. He'd hoped to make his contribution as a citizen but couldn't see it happening at CTV. He didn't know what would come next and had some fear, but will try to find a better route. He just wasn't willing to piss his life away in that kind of journalism.
Allegations that the invasion of Iraq increased the terrorist threat to the UK and helped spawn the terror group Islamic State are supported by intelligence documents released as part of the Chilcot report.
Top-secret reports from the joint intelligence committee, some of which were released for the first time, make clear security services' concern about the increasing power in Iraq of jihadi groups, some of which were linked directly to al-Qaida.
The JIC documents challenge a claim made by Tony Blair that Isis was largely born in Syria rather than Iraq.
The reports show that by 2006 the British security services had become worried that Sunni jihadi groups had started to dominate the insurgency against the Shia-led Iraqi government of Nouri al-Maliki.
One JIC report dated March 2007 states: “There is no shortage of suicide bombers. AQ-I [al-Qaida in Iraq] is seeking high-profile attacks. We judge AQ-I will try to expand its sectarian campaign wherever it can: suicide bombings in Kirkuk have risen sharply since October when AQ-I declared the establishment of the notional ‘Islamic State of Iraq' (including Kirkuk).”
It continues: “A number of Sunni groups are involved in sectarian attacks, but we judge AQ-I is in the vanguard … Its strategic main effort is the prosecution of a sectarian campaign designed to drag Iraq into civil war. We judge its campaign has been the most effective of any insurgent group, having significant impact in the past year, and poses the greatest immediate threat to stability in Iraq. The tempo of mass-casualty attacks on predominantly Shia targets has been relentless.”
Chilcot report: key points from the Iraq inquiry Read more
An earlier July 2006 JIC report states: “The label ‘jihadist' is becoming increasingly difficult to define: in many cases distinctions between nationalists and jihadists are blurred. They increasingly share common cause being drawn together in the face of Shia sectarian violence.”
It adds: “We judge al-Qaida in Iraq (AQ-I) is the largest single insurgent network and although its leadership retains a strong foreign element, a large majority of its fighters are Iraqi. Their motivation is mixed: some are Islamist extremists inspired by the AQ agenda, others are simply hired hands attracted by the money. Some are drawn in by the opportunity to take on Shia militias: the jihadists' media effort stresses their role as defenders of the Sunni.”
The report gives credence to those who claim that Blair was given ample warning that the removal of Saddam Hussein might uncork sectarian tensions suppressed by Saddam's brutal rule.
Eliza Manningham-Buller, the head of MI5 from 2002 to 2007 told the inquiry: “By 2003/4 we were receiving an increasing number of leads to terrorist activity from within the UK … our involvement in Iraq radicalised, for want of a better word … a few among a generation … [who] saw our involvement in Iraq, on top of our involvement in Afghanistan, as being an attack on Islam.”
Asked whether the judgment that the effect of the invasion of Iraq had increased the terrorist threat to the UK was based on hard evidence or a broader assessment, Lady Manningham-Buller replied: “I think we can produce evidence because of the numerical evidence of the number of plots, the number of leads, the number of people identified, and the correlation of that to Iraq and statements of people as to why they were involved … So I think the answer to your … question: yes.”
Veterans' families push for Blair to face trial over Iraq – but is it possible? Read more
Blair said he had read the JIC assessment of February 2002 that action in Iraq would increase the al-Qaida threat to the UK, but believed that “to have backed down because of the threat of terrorism would be completely wrong. In any event, following 9/11 and Afghanistan we were a terrorist target and, as recent events in Europe and the US show, irrespective of Iraq there are ample justifications such terrorists will use as excuses for terrorism.”
Warnings were made by the French, whose then president, Jacques Chirac, was vehemently opposed to the invasion, that the outcome was highly unpredictable.
Giles Paxman, deputy head of mission at the British embassy in Paris, discussed UK thinking on post-Saddam Iraq with two senior French officials on 16 October 2002. One official was reported to have commented that he “feared that the removal of Saddam would lead to general anarchy in Iraq with attacks on Ba'ath party symbols, settling of accounts and widespread violence as in Albania.”
In December that year Simon Fraser, the Foreign Office's director for strategy and innovation, reported that a French interlocutor had “argued that we needed to think carefully about the potential for political disintegration in Iraq after a war. There could be many unforeseen consequences including political instability motivated by revenge. We should not let the optimistic scenarios blind us to the potential problems. The same went for the wider regional implications.”
Voices in the Foreign Office concurred. A memo dated January 2003 warned: “All the evidence from the region suggests that coalition forces will not be seen as liberators for long, if at all. Our motives are regarded with huge suspicion. The Iraqis, including those in exile, (and the Arabs more generally) want us gone quickly. Our occupation and administration of Iraq will become more unpopular and its lawfulness more debatable the longer it continues.”
Guests: Louis Theroux
New to The Turnaround? Subscribe in Apple Podcasts or with your favorite podcatcher to make sure you automatically get two new interviews a week through August 11. Also, Jesse will be hosting a Reddit AMA talking about what he's learned from creating The Turnaround on Friday, August 11 at noon PST.
Today Jesse is joined by Louis Theroux, a British documentarian whose work frequently brings him into intimate contact with some of the most fascinating subcultures in our society.
Photo: Jesse Thorn
For more than fifteen years, Louis has been a BBC presenter, covering some of the most extreme groups in the world today, including the anti-gay Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka, Kansas, and the leader of the White Aryan Resistance. In recent years, he has also covered a plethora of public interest issues, including crime, disability, and alcohol addiction.
Louis talks to Jesse about what it's like to go into seemingly hostile environments and interview people he deeply disagrees with. He also shares some interviewing insights, including why a non-response to a question can almost be as interesting as an actual response.
Louis' latest feature film is called , which follows his attempts to delve into the Church of Scientology's inner workings. You can find it on iTunes, Amazon, and wherever else you watch movies.
The Turnaround is a production of Maximum Fun in partnership with the Columbia Journalism Review. Visit their website to learn more about their "mission to encourage excellence in journalism in the service of a free society," and to read edited transcripts of our other Turnaround episodes.
Hosted and created by Jesse Thorn
Produced by Kara Hart and Nick Liao
Senior Producer: Laura Swisher
Managing Director: Bikram Chatterji
Music for The Turnaround provided by Mobius Van ChocStraw.
Special thanks to Kyle Pope and his team at CJR, Darrel Frost, and Emilie Erskine.
The Writing Process By Ali Hale - 6 minute read
Whether you know it or not, there's a process to writing – which many writers follow naturally. If you're just getting started as a writer, though, or if you always find it a struggle to produce an essay, short story or blog, following the writing process will help.
I'm going to explain what each stage of the writing process involves, and I'll offer some tips for each section that will help out if you're still feeling stuck!
1. Prewriting
Have you ever sat staring at a blank piece of paper or a blank document on your computer screen? You might have skipped the vital first stage of the writing process: prewriting. This covers everything you do before starting your rough draft. As a minimum, prewriting means coming up with an idea!
Ideas and Inspiration
Ideas are all around you. If you want to write but you don't have any ideas, try:
Using a writing prompt to get you started.
Writing about incidents from your daily life, or childhood.
Keeping a notebook of ideas – jotting down those thoughts that occur throughout the day.
Creating a vivid character, and then writing about him/her.
See also How to Generate Hundreds of Writing Ideas.
Tip: Once you have an idea, you need to expand on it. Don't make the mistake of jumping straight into your writing – you'll end up with a badly structured piece.
Building on Your Idea
These are a couple of popular methods you can use to add flesh to the bones of your idea:
Free writing : Open a new document or start a new page, and write everything that comes into your head about your chosen topic. Don't stop to edit, even if you make mistakes.
: Open a new document or start a new page, and write everything that comes into your head about your chosen topic. Don't stop to edit, even if you make mistakes. Brainstorming: Write the idea or topic in the center of your page. Jot down ideas that arise from it – sub-topics or directions you could take with the article.
Once you've done one or both of these, you need to select what's going into your first draft.
Planning and Structure
Some pieces of writing will require more planning than others. Typically, longer pieces and academic papers need a lot of thought at this stage.
First, decide which ideas you'll use. During your free writing and brainstorming, you'll have come up with lots of thoughts. Some belong in this piece of writing: others can be kept for another time.
Then, decide how to order those ideas. Try to have a logical progression. Sometimes, your topic will make this easy: in this article, for instance, it made sense to take each step of the writing process in order. For a short story, try the eight-point story arc.
2. Writing
Sit down with your plan beside you, and start your first draft (also known as the rough draft or rough copy). At this stage, don't think about word-count, grammar, spelling and punctuation. Don't worry if you've gone off-topic, or if some sections of your plan don't fit too well. Just keep writing!
If you're a new writer, you might be surprised that professional authors go through multiple drafts before they're happy with their work. This is a normal part of the writing process – no-one gets it right first time.
Some things that many writers find helpful when working on the first draft include:
Setting aside at least thirty minutes to concentrate : it's hard to establish a writing flow if you're just snatching a few minutes here and there.
: it's hard to establish a writing flow if you're just snatching a few minutes here and there. Going somewhere without interruptions : a library or coffee shop can work well, if you don't have anywhere quiet to write at home.
: a library or coffee shop can work well, if you don't have anywhere quiet to write at home. Switching off distracting programs: if you write your first draft onto a computer, you might find that turning off your Internet connection does wonders for your concentration levels! When I'm writing fiction, I like to use the free program Dark Room (you can find more about it on our collection of writing software).
You might write several drafts, especially if you're working on fiction. Your subsequent drafts will probably merge elements of the writing stage and the revising stage.
Tip: Writing requires concentration and energy. If you're a new writer, don't try to write for hours without stopping. Instead, give yourself a time limit (like thirty minutes) to really focus – without checking your email!
3. Revising
Revising your work is about making “big picture” changes. You might remove whole sections, rewrite entire paragraphs, and add in information which you've realized the reader will need. Everyone needs to revise – even talented writers.
The revision stage is sometimes summed up with the A.R.R.R. (Adding, Rearranging, Removing, Replacing) approach:
Adding
What else does the reader need to know? If you haven't met the required word-count, what areas could you expand on? This is a good point to go back to your prewriting notes – look for ideas which you didn't use.
Rearranging
Even when you've planned your piece, sections may need rearranging. Perhaps as you wrote your essay, you found that the argument would flow better if you reordered your paragraphs. Maybe you've written a short story that drags in the middle but packs in too much at the end.
Removing
Sometimes, one of your ideas doesn't work out. Perhaps you've gone over the word count, and you need to take out a few paragraphs. Maybe that funny story doesn't really fit with the rest of your article.
Replacing
Would more vivid details help bring your piece to life? Do you need to look for stronger examples and quotations to support your argument? If a particular paragraph isn't working, try rewriting it.
Tip: If you're not sure what's working and what isn't, show your writing to someone else. This might be a writers' circle, or just a friend who's good with words. Ask them for feedback. It's best if you can show your work to several people, so that you can get more than one opinion.
4. Editing
The editing stage is distinct from revision, and needs to be done after revising. Editing involves the close-up view of individual sentences and words. It needs to be done after you've made revisions on a big scale: or else you could agonize over a perfect sentence, only to end up cutting that whole paragraph from your piece.
When editing, go through your piece line by line, and make sure that each sentence, phrase and word is as strong as possible. Some things to check for are:
Have you used the same word too many times in one sentence or paragraph? Use a thesaurus to find alternatives.
in one sentence or paragraph? Use a thesaurus to find alternatives. Are any of your sentences hard to understand ? Rewrite them to make your thoughts clear.
? Rewrite them to make your thoughts clear. Which words could you cut to make a sentence stronger ? Words like “just” “quite”, “very”, “really” and “generally” can often be removed.
? Words like “just” “quite”, “very”, “really” and “generally” can often be removed. Are your sentences grammatically correct ? Keep a careful look out for problems like subject-verb agreement and staying consistent in your use of the past, present or future tense.
? Keep a careful look out for problems like subject-verb agreement and staying consistent in your use of the past, present or future tense. Is everything spelt correctly ? Don't trust your spell-checker – it won't pick up every mistake. Proofread as many times as necessary.
? Don't trust your spell-checker – it won't pick up every mistake. Proofread as many times as necessary. Have you used punctuation marks correctly? Commas often cause difficulties. You might want to check out the Daily Writing Tips articles on punctuation.
Tip: Print out your work and edit on paper. Many writers find it easier to spot mistakes this way.
5. Publishing
The final step of the writing process is publishing. This means different things depending on the piece you're working on.
Bloggers need to upload, format and post their piece of completed work.
Students need to produce a final copy of their work, in the correct format. This often means adding a bibliography, ensuring that citations are correct, and adding details such as your student reference number.
Journalists need to submit their piece (usually called “copy”) to an editor. Again, there will be a certain format for this.
Fiction writers may be sending their story to a magazine or competition. Check guidelines carefully, and make sure you follow them. If you've written a novel, look for an agent who represents your genre. (There are books like Writer's Market, published each year, which can help you with this.)
Tip: Your piece of writing might never be published. That's okay – many bestselling authors wrote lots of stories or articles before they got their first piece published. Nothing that you write is wasted, because it all contributes to your growth as a writer.
Conclusion
The five stages of the writing process are a framework for writing well and easily. You might want to bookmark this post so that you can come back to it each time you start on a new article, blog post, essay or story: use it as a checklist to help you.
If you have any tips about the writing process, or if you want to share your experiences, tell us in the comments!
Check Out Other Articles from The “Writing 101” Series:
Recommended Articles for You
Splinter Cell: Pandora Tomorrow Diaries Part Six
This is my ongoing exploration of the Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell games, played in release order. I will chronicle my playthrough of each title in turn and discuss any recurring themes and noteworthy events.
Having tapped Sadono's computer, the trace put on calls delaying his ‘Pandora tomorrow' attacks were lost at a submarine base in Komodo, Indonesia...
Late evening on the outskirts of a camp, the laser sight from a sniper scanned the field I was hidden in. There was a guard wandering around, but the tall grass hid everything but the noise. I skirted the border of the field, sneaking along to the wall of the camp and past an automated turret.
The path ahead was mined by a single tripwire -- this one hidden much better than the ones from Sadono's stronghold. I avoided another sniper and two guards by shooting out a light and sneaking past, to split-jump up a building and through a window. Luckily everything seemed to be constructed from bamboo, so no glass in the windows.
I encountered a couple more guards sat having a rest. I snuck around in the shadows to a small body of water, and went through it, being startled when a dog began barking very loudly above me. One of the guards came to investigate, but it was too dark for him to see me. He eventually told the dog to shut up before going back to eat. I left the water and split-jumped up a wall to climb into a building.
This building housed a guard watching TV, and a door that led out to a firing range with another guard and an auto turret. I spotted a gap in the wall which led behind the firing range, so I went that went. The guard could have spotted me, before he ran out of targets and went to sit down at a nearby table. After deactivating a switch (again, not killing the lights as I'd hoped), a quick snatch and grab had me past the auto turret and into the next building. There was a ladder which led down to an elevator.
I rode the elevator and carefully entered the hallway where I turned off the lights with a lightswitch. A guard came to investigate, so I shot him. Unfortunately, there was another guard who spotted his mate drop, and called an alarm. Another headshot later, I entered the room they were guarding and (once more) turned off the lights. A technician came to turn them back on, so I grabbed him. Colonel Lambert had warned me not to try raising the submarine on my own, and to use the technician: this was obviously the guy.
Dragging him over to the computer, I made him raise the sub. When someone called in to ask why they had been brought up ahead of schedule, the technician was encouraged to answer that everything was kosher. Once done, I dropped him in some shadows and went to get aboard the sub.
There was a sole guard on the gantry, so I grabbed him and knocked him out, then had to take a lift along to another gantry, which unfortunately drew the attention of several guards. I returned fire with my SC 20k's scope, taking minimal damage before heading down to the submarine itself. A sole guard had come up for air, so I shot him in the shadows.
Hardly inviting, I climbed down the hatch into the sub, and made my way methodically through it. I shot several guards with sticky shockers, eventually reaching my objective -- a colonel who could unlock the retinal scanner into the command centre. I made him open it, then knocked him out in the shadows to one side before entering. One of the men inside left to get a drink, so I grabbed and knocked out the other guy before accessing the computer. Anna Grímstóttir back at Third Echelon managed to trace where the submarine was routing the phone calls, and I was told to exfiltrate.
Thankfully I wasn't to leave the way I had come -- continuing through the sub a short way, I climbed a couple of ladders to reach fresh air once more. Across the gangway was a guard who was apparently alerted to me, so I dropped him with my last sticky shocker before collecting the ammunition and grenades next to a medkit.
Downstairs, a group of hostiles opened fire on me, pinning me down in a doorway. I had five smoke grenades, so I launched three of them all in their general direction quickly. In moments they were down, and I rushed past. There was a ladder leading to an inflatable motorized raft, which ended the mission.
Grímstóttir had traced the signal to five satellite phones linked to a private military corp called Armed Guardian Services. With those located, allies stateside managed to dispose of the biological agents, and I could finally go after Sadono, pinned down in Jakarta...
Save this picture! New York-based architect Richard Meier's 180-meter “Reforma Tower” planned for Mexico City (click image for more)
A tri-national agreement between the United States, Canada and Mexico will now allow architects to work across borders in North America. As reported by the US National Council of Architectural Registration Boards (NCARB), in conjunction with the Canadian Architectural Licensing Authorities (CALA) and the Federacion de Colegios de Arquitectos de la Republica Mexicana (FCARM), representatives from the architectural regulatory authorities in all three countries have agreed to mutually recognize architect credentials.
“The agreement represents over a decade of negotiations, bringing cross-border recognition of professional credentials from concept to reality in the spirit of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA),” stated NCARB in a press release. “Qualified architects, from each country, who satisfy the requirements of the agreement, will be granted a credential that will lead to a license to practice architecture in the host country.”
In order to take advantage of this new agreement, architects must satisfy specific education and work qualifications, including:
Completion of a professional degree in architecture from a program accredited by the National Architectural Accrediting Board (NAAB), the Canadian Architectural Certification Board (CACB/CCCA), Acreditadora Nacional de Programas de Arquitectura y Disciplinas del Espacio Habitable (ANPADEH), or recognized equivalent.
A minimum of 10 years of post-licensure experience in the architect's home jurisdiction.
Proof of “Good Standing” in the home jurisdiction, as verified by the local regulatory authority.
Knowledge of the codes, laws, and other matters applicable to the practice of architecture in the host country.
Submission of a dossier of work to satisfy the specific competencies outlined in the agreement related to “responsible control and comprehensive practice.”
Completion of an interview before a review panel in the host country, conducted in the language of the host country.
You can review the eligibility requirements and program information in greater detail here on the NCARB website.
by Kate Fridkis
The first porn I ever saw was planted by a pervert. At least, in retrospect I think he might've been a pervert. At the time, I trusted him. I was sure he was a normal teenage boy. At the time, it was pretty great.
I got my period for the first time when I was twelve. My mom was ready. I don't know how. She drove me to the library and pulled two books off the shelf. What's Happening to My Body? Book For Girls and What's Happening to My Body? Book for Boys.
“We're going to read them together,” she said. “It'll be fun.”
I was nervous. It didn't sound like fun.
On the way home, Mom stopped at the Shoprite to pick up a few things for dinner.
“Can I stay in the car?” I asked. I wanted a minute alone with the books.
“Okay,” she said. “I'll be right back.”
I waited five seconds and then took the Book for Boys out of the canvas bag. I opened it and something slithered out from between the pages and landed in my lap. It was a glossy page from a magazine, and it had a picture of a hot dog on it. No, not a hot dog… something else. I knew immediately, instinctively, that whatever I was looking at was bad. It was something forbidden and secret and grownup. I slid the magazine page back into the book, and shut it firmly. I put it carefully back into the bag.
Later, at home, I took the bag up to my room. Mom saw me carrying it toward the stairs.
“Honey — we can go over everything in those books together, so that I can explain it to you,” she said. “And you don't have to read the one about boys if you're uncomfortable.” She thought about it for a second and then added, “Maybe I should look at it first, to make sure there isn't anything you're not ready for in there.”
“No!” I croaked. “No, it's fine. Don't worry. I should probably read it, because I got my period and stuff.” I wasn't sure why my period meant anything beyond the ruin of my pretty new white pants, but she seemed to think it was much more important.
Alone in my bedroom, I locked the door and again took the book out of the bag. Again, the single, shiny page fluttered out. I began to make sense of the image. There was a man, standing on a playground, with his pants unzipped. He was holding his… thing in his hand. It was definitely not a hot dog. Kneeling at his feet was a woman wearing pigtails and a pink dress with balloons on it. One of her breasts was popping out of the top of the dress, you could see the nipple and everything, and she was sticking her tongue out like she was about to lick the man — on his thing. Penis. I knew the word. She looked pretty happy about it. He looked very serious. There was a caption under the picture. It said, “Things are getting naughty at the playground!” Then there were other captions, for scenes on a different page, that hadn't been included. I wished that they had been. What else was going on? What did “Sex in a hay wagon! Halloween heats up!” mean?
I knew one thing for sure. What was happening in the picture — that was sex. That was the secret thing that adults did and kids didn't do. The thing that the characters in the novel I'd “borrowed” from my great aunt were always hoping to do.
I thumbed through the book, setting the sex picture aside, but within easy reach, in case it started to float away and I had to grab it. There was a whole chapter about penises, and I skipped to the illustrations of stages 1–5. There was also an illustration of a flaccid penis sitting next to an erect penis, which was standing up. But there was something better than all this. Someone had written in the book. Comments were penciled into the margins in neat, masculine handwriting.
“Mine is like this,” with an arrow pointing to stage 4. And then, next to the set of images that showed pubic hair growth, “I have this.” This time it was stage 3.
Immediately, I imagined that he was a teenage boy. A teenage boy with a surprising amount of hair inside his underpants. I imagined that he had pimples, like teenagers always did, and wore contact lenses, and had slightly greasy hair. On his head. He wasn't good-looking, in my imagination. That wasn't his purpose. He was there to instruct. And instruct he did. I flipped through the book with feverish urgency, looking for his comments.
He thought the girls in the illustrations from the chapter about girls were sexy. He thought all of the pictures of breasts were equally good except for stage 1, which was a little kid's chest. Fascinatingly, he liked to put his finger in his butt. I knew, because he told me. There was a drawing of an asterisk-y anus, and then a long, empty space, and then a penis, high above. It was as though the artist had crouched between some man's legs as he lay on his back. The commenter had pointed at the asterisk with a thin, hard line. He wrote, “It feels good to put your finger in here.” I wasn't sure I believed him, but then, I didn't know a whole lot about boys' butts.
Staring at the comment about where the writer liked to put his finger, I suddenly realized that I had stumbled upon a secret communication between the boys of the world. I was like a spy, intercepting their transmissions. These messages weren't meant for my eyes. They were meant to guide boys through the complications of their own bodies.
If the boy with the pencil could see me now, he would be annoyed. “Hey!” he'd snap. “What's that little girl doing with my book?” He considered the book his property. He was lending it out as a gift to the world. And there was a gift inside the gift. He had intended the glossy present from the magazine for another boy. It was a form of initiation, and it had fallen into the wrong hands.
But I wasn't about to give it back.
“Kate!” my mom called from downstairs, her voice muffled by the floor between us. “Dinner!”
I leapt up from the edge of my bed and slammed the magazine page back inside the book. I stuck the book in my underwear drawer and faced myself in front of the mirror over the dresser. I looked about the same. It was hard to tell from my face and my knotty hair that my mind was completely different. That I knew infinitely more about the world than I had when I'd come into this room.
I avoided Mom's eyes at the table. My little brothers were talking about which dinosaur was the most dangerous. My dad was making up dinosaur names. Everyone was being normal. They had no idea what I knew. I was sure that none of them had ever seen a picture like the one hidden in my underwear drawer.
After dinner, as I loaded the dishwasher, Mom approached me. “Let me know if you'd like to start looking over those books with me tonight,” she said.
I kept my eyes on the utensils. “I don't know,” I said, playing it cool. Don't blush. Don't blush. I knew I was a bad liar. But if enough of my hair fell in my face, maybe she wouldn't notice.
She was washing a bowl in the sink. “Maybe we can start tomorrow,” she said. “We'll read the chapter about menstruation.”
Oh! Right! I'd forgotten about the girls' book.
“Okay!” I said, too eagerly. “I should learn more about that, probably.” I had to keep her distracted. There was no way I could let her see the Boys' book. If she did, she would be horrified. She would be upset at what I'd seen. But more than that — her motherly innocence would be interrupted. Her eyes would be opened. She would know too much. I had to protect her.
That night, with the secret knowledge of boys' burning a hole in my underwear drawer, my mom sat on my bed and read the chapter about menstruation aloud to me. It wasn't very interesting. And I felt awkward, looking at illustrations of tampons and pads with my mom. She was trying not to be awkward. She was trying to be really upbeat about the whole thing.
A few days later, I asked if we could go back to the library. I told my mom it was because I wanted to pick up a Sweet Valley Twins book. But when she went into the little kids' section with my youngest brother, I hurried over to the returns counter, pulled What's Happening to My Body? Book for Boys out of my book bag, and tucked it into someone else's stack of books. No one saw me. Thank God.
It took her a few weeks to ask me if I'd gotten a chance to look at the other book — the one for boys.
“No,” I lied. “I don't think I'm really ready for that.”
She smiled. “That's okay. You don't have to be.”
I went upstairs and opened my underwear drawer. Buried under piles of pink socks was a wooden box with a silver lock. My aunt had given it to me for Chanukah. It was a little treasure chest. I fitted the tiny key into the silver lock, and turned it. I opened the box. Inside was a tightly folded piece of glossy paper. My perfect secret. I unfolded it, bit by bit, until it was whole again. I had folded and unfolded it so many times that it was creased and worn, flecks of white showing under the once-shiny image.
The next boy who read the book would see the comments, but he wouldn't know about the picture. The glorious, forbidden picture. It was mine now. I would face adolescence with a blank, innocent face, armed with the secret knowledge of boys. I knew exactly what a penis looked like. In full color. I had nothing to be afraid of or alarmed by. I was ready.
Kate Fridkis blogs at Eat the Damn Cake and tweets at eatthedamncake and has grown up reasonably well-adjusted, despite everything.
Update: this change has been pushed back to Firefox 41 rather than 40.
Starting with Firefox 40 41, scheduled to be released in August this year, binary XPCOM support for extensions will be dropped.
Binary XPCOM is an old and fairly unstable technology that a small number of add-on developers have used to integrate binary libraries into their add-ons, sometimes to tap into Firefox internals (hence the unstable part). Better technologies have become available to replace binary XPCOM and we have encouraged developers to switch to them. From the original post:
Extension authors that need to use native binaries are encouraged to do
so using the addon SDK “system/child_process” pipe mechanism:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/SDK/Low-Level_APIs/system_child_process If this is not sufficient, JS-ctypes may be an alternative mechanism to
use shared libraries, but this API is much more fragile and it's easy to
write unsafe code.
Developers who rely on binary XPCOM should update their code as soon as possible to prevent compatibility issues. If you have any questions or comments about this move, please do so in the mozilla.dev.extensions newsgroup.
DERA KHAN: Wildlife officials in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) fined a Qatari prince and seized two of his prized hunting falcons after he was discovered illegally hunting a rare bird species, an official said on Thursday.
The confiscated falcons — which can be worth upwards of $250,000 each — were released into the wild this week, said Khan Malook, a district wildlife officer in KP.
The prince, identified as Sheikh Abdullah bin Abdul Rahman al-Thani, paid a fine of 80,000 rupees before leaving the country, Malook said. The Qatari was discovered hunting houbara bustards, listed as a vulnerable species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature, in the area in mid-January, he said.
Pakistan has come under fire from conservationists for granting permits for hunting bustards to wealthy Gulf Arabs, for whom falconry is a revered cultural tradition. The sheikh, however, had no permit for hunting, Malook said. Representatives of the Qatari royal family could not be reached for comment on Thursday.
Know more: KP govt fines Qatari prince Rs80,000 for illegal falcon hunting
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) Chairman Imran Khan, while taking a jibe at the federal government earlier this week, said that the KP government is making all efforts to protect the rare species in Pakistan. However, the Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) government had given licences and permits for hunting of the birds — that too against the law, he further added.
The PTI chief said this was the difference between the ‘naya' and old Pakistan.
Also read: BHC bans houbara bustard hunting in Balochistan
During the hunting season, royal families from Qatar, United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia come to Balochistan's Dalbandin, Chaghi and other areas for the purpose of hunting. The Federal government had issued special permits to members of royal families of the Gulf states to allow them to hunt the protected species, including houbara bustard.
Take a look: Arab royal hunts down 2,100 houbara bustards in three weeks safari
The government for the first time has informed the permit holders that Pakistan will “observe a moratorium on hunting during the 2014-15 season to replenish houbara bustard stocks”, but conservationists keeping in view the power and influence of petrodollars are skeptical.
Last year, The Balochistan High Court (BHC) ordered cancellation of areas allotted to Arabs and other foreigners hunting for the houbara bustard and other birds in the province.
Middle Ages. Some people watch it, read it or play it. We found Montrealers who live the Middle Ages every day. In gymnasiums or church basements, they are training their skills to be great members of the Society for Creative Anachronism.
7h42 invites you to discover Montreal's chapter of this parallel society: the Barony of L'Ile du Dragon Dormant [Editor's note: Sleeping Dragon Island].
This is the first photoreport in a series of three.
Enter the Dragon: knights, fencing and archery
7h42 talked to the Barony's journalist: Philippe De Rouville.
I would like to talk about your equipment. What are your weapons made of?
Well … our weapons are not exactly made of bamboo, but a type of bamboo that is full (and not empty, like bamboo is), which is rattan.
And your armors, how much do they weigh? In what type of metal are they made?
Armor crafting is not limited to a single type of metal. Some fighters will make their armor in plastic, covering them with a tabard. Protection is more important than aesthetics. We have a complete guide explaining the places that we need to protect and with which type of materials we have to minimally protect them.
But to avoid folds in the armors, the range of materials is very large. The most commonly used is 14 or 16 gauge steel. It goes as far as aluminum alloys made for planes, which gives an incredible resistance for a minimal weight.
Because the armor is specifically conceived by its user, each armor has a different weight. But every fighter carries an average of 25 to 50 pounds of equipment (11 to 25 kg).
It must be cool to wear a metal alloy that was made for planes.
My helmet is in fact made of this type of alloy … and some shields are as well.
How do you choose your weapons? For example: sword or battle axe?
Interest. In short, if somebody is interested in a particular style, he simply crafts what he needs. That's all.
There is no mandatory or imposed style, but certain combat styles are very common, like the sword and shield combo. And the majority of good fighters will be able to handle a lot of different weapons.
And what are, roughly speaking, your fabrication standards?
For weapons?
Uh yes … wait. You craft other things?
Armors, shields, etc. A large number of things we use in the SCA (Ed. Note: Society for Creative Anachronism) is hand-made: the clothes that we wear in the events and even, sometimes, the beer that we drink there.
The banners, thrones, tablecloths… In short, everything that helps “recreate the Middle Ages” during the events. Music instruments… There's an “art and science” aspect in the SCA. It is less spectacular, but important nonetheless.
When you participate in tournaments, are there some rules that impose a particular fighting style or weapon choice? Are you still free to choose what weapon you want to wield hen you fight in groups?
Well, if we talk about one on one fights, it's up to the fighter to decide, generally. Although certain types of tournaments can impose variants or particular fights, making the fight more interesting.
If we talk about melee fights, where there are several fighters, it's still up to the fighter's choice, but everything is thought out to create a group strategy. A fighter can bring a 9-foot spear (2.75 meters) to a group fight, because he can count on his teammates to protect him with their swords and shields.
Do you participate in a lot of tournaments?
It depends on the person. The more “committed” fighters do, I would say, between two and four tournaments and three to five wars per year.
What's the difference between a war and a tournament?
The number of people fighting at the same time would be an easy answer. But the stakes are different. Each event has its own stake.
Tournaments are games that can be played between members of the same group or the same region. While wars are more often fights between Regions or Kingdoms. Like, one Region fights another one.
There are some wars that are made to decide to whom Pittsburg doesn't belong … at least, it was the initial stake. There are tournaments that are held to crown a King, etc.
And the Barony, it's a Region?
The Barony of L'Ile du Dragon Dormant is part of a Region called “Tir Mara”, which covers all of the Province of Quebec and the Maritimes. And Tir Mara, as a Region, is part of the Eastern Kingdom, which covers Tir Mara's width and goes down south, a couple of hours past New York.
For example, in our Kingdom, the closest groups to our Barony are: the Barony du Havre des Glaces, in Quebec City, and the Barony of Cordwood, in Plattsburgh.
To the east, it's the Kingdom of Ealdormere, with the Barony of Skraelig Althing, in Ottawa.
And I think that it all started in California?
Absolutely. In a backyard in Berkeley.
How do you consider the SCA? Is it a live-action role-playing game? Historical reenactment? Something else?
Uh, well, it's hard to categorize. There is a part of serious and modern, but also a part of play. I would say that it is closer to historical reenactment, but the SCA is not defined by a specific period or location.
People are themselves, but with medieval names. It's not unusual to see, for example, to see a fifteen-century samurai sitting on the throne with a ninth century French lady by his side.
The SCA covers nearly 1,000 years of history and there is no discrimination, as long as it is not “fantasy”.
We call it “Modern Middle Ages”.
One night that I came to see you, three persons received “belts”. What does it mean?
It's difficult to explain, but it's very precise. Roughly speaking, they received belts from Lord Pellandres, who is a new knight.
This belt is a northern tradition, in our Kingdom. It is less common in the south. In short, Lord Pellandres chose three persons as his “man-at-arms”. He accepts to guide them, to train them, to help them and to support them. All that so they can become better fighters. The nature of this relation varies from one knight to the other.
It's not like a karate belt, which signifies a reached level. It symbolizes the relationship between the man-at-arms and the knight.
There is also a red belt, who is the squire. The squire and the knight generally have a tighter relationship than the man-at-arms and the knight. And someone who becomes a squire is generally on a good path to become a knight himself.
I also saw, on my pictures, that you have a blue belt…
I am also a man-at-arms, for Lord Angus.
There are a lot of knights in the Barony?
Two. Lord Angus and Lord Pellandres. There is a third one in Quebec City, Lord Mohammed, who is the first knight from Quebec and to whom Lord Angus was the squire.
To become Baron, you don't have to be a “noble”, a knight?
Absolutely not. First of all, in the SCA, every member is considered “noble”. The Baron title is a ceremonial role granted by the King. Generally, the people of a Region and the King name a Baron for a three years term.
Roughly speaking, the term “barony” is defined by the number of members in a local “chapter”. Starting from a township, which has a few members, then to a lordship, then to a barony.
So, the knight title, what do you gain from it?
It doesn't give something. It's a recognition given by the King. To become a knight, the other knights of the Kingdom have to vote for you. And the knight-to-be needs to prove his chivalrous behaviour inside and outside of fights. He is therefore the equal of the other knights.
Similar distinction exists for those practice Art and Science and for those who serve.
In short, if I see a knight, identified by his white belt, there are some good chances that he will be a nice guy, in a certain way, and that he will be an expert fighter. Therefore, I'm going to be able to learn from this person.
Is there a higher title than “knight”?
Knight is the highest distinction for combat. There are also titles that can be obtained by the Crown Tournament, but that's a whole different thing.
Generally, the person who wins the Crown Tournament becomes Prince or Princess for six months. After that, they rule as King or Queen for another six months.
His functions are somewhat like those of a Baron, but for all of the Kingdom. Not only a single group or Region.
After being King for six months, the person receives the title of “Count”. A person who is King and was already a Count (that means it's his second time as King), becomes a Duke.
A Duke is not only a good fighter, but he won the most prestigious and contested tournament in the Kingdom more than once.
It is not necessary to be a Knight to become a Prince, a King, a Count or a Duke.
Are there bigger territories than a Barony?
As a local group, no. But when more than one Barony or groups join together, you have a Province. It can lead to the formation of new Kingdoms. But local groups keep their titles and their sovereignty.
I saw some non-members of the SCA and the Barony participating to armoured combats. Is that something you often see?
Absolutely. It's not necessary to be a member to participate. Members support the organization with their subscriptions and they generally have a small discount on the entree fees of events. But a non-member can participate. No problem.
There are some functions that a non-member can't do, however, like being a Marshall (referee) or occupying a position as a group officer (sitting on the Board of Direction).
And what kind of injury do you risk when fighting?
It's ironic, because my friends and I found out that there were fewer injuries in the SCA than in live-action role-playing games, where they use foam weapons. That's because we have rules regarding the strength of our armors. They have to protect us for real.
That said, we risk the same kinds of injuries as hockey players: torsions and stretchings due to bad movements. Often, it's bruises. But nothing that, generally, takes more than one or two weeks to heal.
Fractures are possible, as well as concussions. But it's very rare. You have to compare us to other events and medieval associations. The SCA has more than 100,000 members. Injuries are impossible to avoid.
What is the worst injury that you've witnessed? If you ever witnessed one.
That I saw? I would say … someone a little dazed, putting one knee on the ground.
You have to understand that to fight within the SCA, a person has to be accompanied, then he can obtain an authorization “licence” by the Marshalls. It's them who figure out whether a new fighter knows how to behave on the battlefield and if there is a danger for himself and the others.
The armors are also inspected before each fight, each practice and events. So everything is controlled and that level.
What causes injuries, most of the time, is the calibration, which is hard to do in a melee fight. Calibration, roughly speaking, is the necessary strength needed so that your adversary determines whether a blow is good or not.
We all know that there is a large range of body sizes. A tall and sturdy fighter will take heavier hits than a small and thin one.
I have a last question. I would like to know your complete SCA name, title and functions.
I am Renaud Mauclerc de Lusignan, I am the Chronicler of the Barony of L'Ile du Dragon Dormant.
Thank you very much, Renaud.
Achievement unlocked: Dragon Knights discovered!
You now step forward and localize two paths.
The first one leads to the second half of the same gymnasium, where other members of the Barony are practicing their fencing skills – check back next week to learn about Dragon Fencing.
The second path leads to a church basement, in Montreal's Notre-Dame-de-Grace neighborhood, where you will find other members of the Barony wielding real bows and arrows.
Tonight it's Halloween and some of them are costumed.– check back in two weeks to learn about Dragon Archery.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
He might be fictional. But the gigantic Hodor, a character in the blockbuster Game of Thrones series, nonetheless sheds light on something very much in the realm of fact: how our ability to speak emerges from a complex ball of neurons, and how certain brain-damaged patients can lose very specific aspects of that ability.
According to George R.R. Martin, who wrote the epic books that inspired the HBO show, the 7-foot-tall Hodor could only say one word—”Hodor”—and everyone therefore tended to assume that was his name. Here's one passage about Hodor from the first novel in Martin's series:
Theon Greyjoy had once commented that Hodor did not know much, but no one could doubt that he knew his name. Old Nan had cackled like a hen when Bran told her that, and confessed that Hodor's real name was Walder. No one knew where “Hodor” had come from, she said, but when he started saying it, they started calling him by it. It was the only word he had.
Yet it's clear that Hodor can understand much more than he can say; he's able to follow instructions, anticipate who needed help, and behave in socially appropriate ways (mostly). Moreover, he says this one word in many different ways, implying very different meanings:
So what might be going on in Hodor's brain?
Hodor's combination of impoverished speech production with relatively normal comprehension is a classic, albeit particularly severe, presentation of expressive aphasia, a neurological condition usually caused by a localized stroke in the front of the brain, on the left side. Some patients, however, have damage to that part of the brain from other causes, such as a tumor, or a blow to the head.
Martin doesn't provide any details regarding whether Hodor suffered a traumatic brain injury as a child. But his symptoms are consistent with this type of disorder, also dubbed Broca's aphasia after a 19th-century French physician named Paul Broca. Broca described a patient who had a lesion in the left frontal part of his brain and who could only say one word: “Tan.” And just like Hodor, Broca's patient came to be known as “Tan”—the single word that he could utter voluntarily—even though it wasn't his actual name.
Both Tan and Hodor showed the ability to infuse their single words with many different meanings, however, making themselves understood, at least to some extent, despite their impoverished vocabularies. What Tan therefore demonstrated to neuroscientists can be boiled down into two major points: (1) that different features of language—in this case, language comprehension and language production—are controlled by different parts of the brain and that damage to one region does not affect the other ability; and (2) that speech is far more complicated than simply putting together a string of words, as much of the information that we get from speech is independent of the words themselves.
Besides possibly being dropped as a baby, how else might Hodor have developed an expressive aphasia? Although not usually so severe, this type of speech difficulty can also be a result of malnutrition, such as a vitamin deficiency either in early childhood or in utero. This cause is less likely than a traumatic injury, however, as Hodor seemed to be fairly well fed at Winterfell (he is, after all, totally huge) and proper nutrition later in childhood can reverse the ill effects of early malnutrition.
On the latest episode of Inquiring Minds, we spoke with Sam Kean, author of the new book, The Tale of the Dueling Neurosurgeons, which describes the case of “Tan” and many other famous brain patients whose unique cases advanced neuroscience:
A panel of government regulators in Canada has determined that a proposed multi-billion dollar expansion of Royal Dutch Shell's tar sands project in Alberta would cause 'significant' damage to the ecosystems of the region and that the oil giant's proposed cleanup plans are likely to be ineffective.
So they blocked the project, right?
No. Instead they have called the expansion vital to the "public interest" and said the nearly forty percent expansion of Shell's Athabasca tar sands project can now proceed to its next phase.
According to its official review, the panel found "that the project would likely have significant adverse environmental effects on wetlands, traditional plant potential areas, wetland-reliant species at risk, migratory birds that are wetland-reliant or species at risk, and biodiversity."
In addition, they continued, "there is also a lack of proposed mitigation measures that have been proven to be effective."
Environmental groups in Canada were outraged, though not necessarily surprised, by the decision.
Simon Dyer, policy director of the Pembina Institute in Canada, said the decision strikes a blow to "aboriginal rights and values, wildlife populations, wetlands, migratory birds and old-growth forests."
“The joint review panel heard from Shell's own analysis that this project will exceed science-based environmental limits for impacts to air quality, wildlife habitat and the Athabasca River," Dyer said, "yet the panel recommended approval of the project anyway."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Dyer said "responsible tar sands" extraction was just a slogan, but told the Globe and Mail he wasn't surprised by the decision by the pro-industry government. "It's the same old stuff," he said.
Conservationists, climate activists, and First Nations have led the fight to curb the pollution caused by Alberta's tar sands mining in recent years.
In June, Eriel Deranger, an activist and spokesperson for the Athabasca Chipewyan First Nation, described the ongoing tar sands expansions on native lands throughout the province as a form of 'cultural genocide.'
"It's a genocide. It's happening slowly, but we are dying off. We're still drinking the water, and we're eating the fish, but it's getting poisoned," Deranger said, speaking at the Hollyhock Social Change Institute in British Columbia.
And in related news, local people along the Athabasca River in Alberta have complained of an "oily sheen" spreading over the surface of the water."There is obviously a petrochemical of some kind in the Athabasca River system in such great quantities from upstream that it is now residing on the shores of Lake Athabasca," said Deranger, who was interviewed by the Canadian Press.
"There are numerous reports of dead fish being found along the delta, within the lake and the river system," she said. "None of the land users have ever heard of or seen anything like this on the Athabasca."
However, with expansion of the region's tar sands projects ongoing, such episodes are "likely" to be much more frequent in the future.
________________________________________________
Patrick Ewing was very nearly a Tar Heel.
In an interview on the Dan Patrick Show on Thursday morning, Ewing revealed that he was all set to attend the University of North Carolina, until an incident on his official visit changed his mind.
This was back in 1980 when Ewing was still a senior at the Cambridge Ringe and Latin school and was being heavily recruited to play at UNC, where he wanted to join coach Dean Smith. That all changed when he went down to Chapel Hill for his visit. From the interview:
“I was close. North Carolina was a very good school, but you know, when I went down there they put me in that Carolina Inn and there was a big Ku Klux Klan rally in North Carolina when I was there. And I was like, you know, I'm not coming down here. I'm staying my butt back in Boston.”
Ewing settled on Georgetown when coach Smith recommended coach John Thompson, one of Smith's good friends.
Ewing, now an assistant for the Orlando Magic, is being considered for several NBA coaching positions. His son tweeted out some disparaging words yesterday when Jason Kidd was hired for the New Jersey Nets head coaching position and not his father.
(Thanks to Big Lead Sports for sharing.)
Portland Mayor Charlie Hales says he has found a permanent place to relocate Right 2 Dream Too, a homeless community that is living downtown.
The city is negotiating to buy an empty lot in the Central Eastside, near the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry, for the camp. The site, at Southeast Third Avenue and Harrison Street, is owned by the Oregon Department of Transportation.
A spokeswoman for OMSI said the museum has no comment at this time, and leaders of the Hosford-Abernethy Neighorhood Association did not respond to a request for comment.
The camp currently occupies a small lot near Portland's Chinatown gate. No one at the camp today was authorized to speak for the group.
But several neighbors said they will be sad to see Right 2 Dream Too go.
Amelia Templeton/OPB
“They've been great neighbors, honestly. They're courteous and clean. I was next to a really bad bar and pizza shop in California. That was a nightmare. This is not a nightmare,” said Charles Mattouck, who owns Charlie's Deli next door to the camp.
Katten Bush, who owns a carpet shop called Kat & Mouche across the street from Right 2 Dream Too, agreed.
“They helped us hang our sign, and they've been generally kind and helpful,” she said.
Right 2 Dream Too provides shelter to 70 homeless people a night, on average. The city estimates around 1700 people in Portland are without shelter on any given night.
Mayor Hales said he hopes to have a deal to buy land for the camp finalized by mid-May according to his spokesman, Dana Haynes.
You may have seen in the news recently that Jeff Probst is apparently in trouble with his wife over Survivor. Allegedly he has been told to quit the show to focus more on his family life with his wife and step-children. One should consider the source of this news. Radar Online is not exactly the most credible place on the web and is more of a Zellers version to TMZ's Walmart. Then again, who would just go on the internet to tell lies?
It's a tough world out there Buster.
Regardless of how fake or real this piece of news may be, it acts as an excuse to have a fun little exercise in thought. Who would replace Jeff Probst as host of Survivor, provided they don't just outright stop doing the show without him? Plenty of choices are abounded. Some think they should look outside the franchise for a fresh face. Others point to certain people already in production. Those are both legitimate choices of many different people but not very fun for us.
Let's stick to Survivor alumni who might step in and fill the role in Jeff's absence. Now we have all heard the obvious ones. Colby Donaldson could do a fine job having been the host of Top Shot and Jeff would recommend him highly considering that Jeff is in love with Colby. Jonathan Penner gets tossed around a lot since he's a three-timer with a lot of on-screen experience as an actor. He also has a relationship with Probst, though it may be slightly more adversarial than Colby's. John Cochran and Boston Rob are two other legends that Probst loves to bring up as much as possible and have charisma that translates for many on screen. Parvati Shallow is an undeniable Survivor legend who already hosts Survivor related segments and shows and would be a fun twist on the whole thing.
There, those are the five most obvious answers someone will throw out whenever they talk about replacing Jeff. We got them out of the way in one paragraph so we can move on from them. It's likely that those are actually the top Survivor alumni candidates but no one wants to read an article about the same five names over and over. Let's move on and give you my list of slightly… quirkier picks.
Osten Taylor
Jeff would roll over in his grave if they brought in the OG quitter to take over his spot. It would be fantastic to see Osten have to go out and location and deal with the elements that defeated him over and over. The same way Jeff clearly loves his gig as host, Osten would probably openly hate it. Sign me up right now.
Jean-Robert Bellande
“39 days, 20 people, 1 Survivor and some ass”.
Kim Spradlin
She's intelligent, eloquent and attractive. The one problem is that it would get repetitive to see every season with the cast deciding to award Kim the million dollars over them.
Heidi Hamels (aka Heidi Strobel)
The minute they offered her Jeff's position, Heidi knew she was going to be the host of Survivor.
J.T. Thomas
He's got the physical ability required to do Jeff's job. He wouldn't be afraid to do the ballsy stunts Jeff likes to do when shooting the intro package for a season given his history with ballsy moves. J.T. is personable and intelligent while also obviously understanding how Survivor functions. The only problem is that we would need captions for his tribal councils and they would last doubly long because the players wouldn't be able to understand what he's saying.
Julie Berry
She has a little bit of Jeff in her.
Randy Bailey
If you want to keep the tradition of having someone asking the tough questions at tribal, Randy is your man. He would go in on everybody for being useless at everything. As an added bonus, it would be fun to see his PTSD every time a fake idol is played.
Michael Skupin
Just don't do a Survivor: Kids Edition.
Lillian Morris
She's got the survival background down pat. The only downside would be seeing the host of Survivor cry every time somebody is voted out or treated unfairly by their tribe.
Coach Wade
Tribal council could be turned into story time with Coach. He would love to do the play-by-play for the challenges and would get extremely dramatic with it. Instead of voting people out as the players want, they now have to start voting people off based on strength. Except when it doesn't fit with their plans in the game.
Stephenie LaGrossa
Imagine the questions she would ask at tribal council. “So tell me Bobby, why are you so retarded and gay?” The show would also get a free sponsor from Gigi's restaurant. There's nothing like a filet mignon from there, at least that's what I hear.
Daniel Lue
I am just picturing the reaction if a random non-entity like Daniel was picked to take over Jeff's spot. Hardcore fans would be completely confused while the people who only watch seasons live would likely not even know he played Survivor. Watching recruits trying to talk about Daniel's game would be fun too. “Oh yeah I really admired the way Dan played the game”.
Jonny Fairplay
A touch of the blarney will be coming to downtown New Westminster in the fall.
Reg Henry, founder and CEO of Kelly O'Bryan's Neighbourhood Restaurants and Carlos O'Bryan's Neighbourhood Pubs, confirmed his company has leased the former Canadian Pacific Railway station, which was the longtime home of the Keg restaurant. KOB Franchise Enterprises Ltd. hopes to open a restaurant on the ground floor, and a pub on the upper floor, but a rezoning is required to open the liquor-primary pub.
article continues below
“We are not a cookie cutter type of operation. We go into a space and make it our own,” Henry told the Record. “There are three other locations at this time that have both the restaurant and the pub in the same building. It really works great because it's got something for the family, but it also has something for the adults where they can have their fun as well.”
Since the first Kelly O'Bryan's opened in Kelowna 30 years ago, the company has opened restaurants and pubs in locations across B.C. including Kitsilano, Kamloops, Nanaimo, Prince George, Vernon and West Kelowna.
“It really fits into our concept,” Henry said of New Westminster. “We are a real blue-collar neighbourhood establishment. I think that fits in with what New West is and what they're all about.”
Henry lived in New Westminster and worked at the Keg while attending the University of British Columbia in the mid-1970s. He's been eyeing the 1899 CPR building for the past three years.
“We consider a pub as a traditional pub, where you have pool tables and darts. You can play music trivia and things like that,” he said. “It's a real community entertainment centre.”
The Keg opened in the building in 1973, but closed its doors in 2013 so it could address some structural issues with the aging building. A Keg representative told the Record last spring that the weight of restaurant equipment and needs for hygiene and safety in the kitchen area made it unfeasible to proceed with the work.
Henry said his company expects to spend a couple million dollars renovating the 118-year-old building.
“We are planning on gutting the whole inside. We are going to try and keep intact some of the structures and things in there that are from the original building, but we are basically going to strip out the inside,” he said. “It's going to be totally different.”
The company is working with an architect on concept drawings with the goal of submitting a rezoning application to city hall within the next month and beginning renovations within the next couple of months.
“We will get a timeline as soon as we can and start ramping up. I can see us opening up in the fall sometime,” Henry said. “We are going to be under construction for at least three months, if not four months.”
The Irish-themed restaurant and pub's menus feature items like stew and shepherd's pie, as well as pastas, burgers, stir-fry's, prime rib, steak and seafood, chicken and ribs, soups and salads and appetizers. It's known for its pachos, which are lattice style fries, seasoned with the restaurant's signature sauce and topped with cheddar cheese and green onions.
“We say we are powered by pachos, fueled by fun,” Henry said of the restaurant's motto.
According to KOB Franchise Enterprises Ltd., the company will employ about 30 to 100 fulltime staff at this location. While the opening date wont' be for at least six months, training of managment staff will begin immediately.
Kelly O'Bryan's is the latest restaurant to announce plans to open in downtown New Westminster. A CRAFT restaurant has been proposed across the street at 801 Columbia St. and Piva Modern Italian restaurant and lounge is set to open in Anvil Centre.
“We are going to complement a lot of other businesses,” Henry said. “We heard that CRAFT Brewery is going across the street. We are really excited about that because if there are a lot of good competitors all in one area, it's a real draw for people to come out and go to the area before they decide where they want to eat. I think it's great.”
Our British mates aboard the VOD ship may look a little cheerier today as The Guardian reports both ITV and Channel 4 -- two of the nation's foremost commercial channels -- are bringing their video catchup services to the PlayStation 3. The ITV Player and 4OD have been available as web-based services for a while, but they've both now agreed deals with Sony, who projects their overall traffic will improve by around 10 percent as a result. ITV's leaving the door wide open for adding its content to "other consoles," web-connected TVs, and tablets like the iPad, whereas Channel 4 has found Microsoft unforthcoming about Xbox 360 deals and the Wii inhospitable because it doesn't support advertising. For its part, Sony's clearly making a big content push, having recently welcomed Lovefilm into the fold and completed the rollout of its Qriocity on-demand facility across Europe. Does anyone even play games on these things anymore?
Timothy Norris
There's no place quite like your car for listening to music alone. Even on the most non-tricked out of sound systems, music transforms a drive from an otherwise uncomfortable, isolating experience into a sacred space. We can turn it up loud, we can sing even louder, we can sob. We can flout keys and let our voices crack, watching the world around us from the hermetic comfort of tempered glass, no one the wiser for it.
Which is why, about six years ago, Will Toledo began driving his family's station wagon to the parking lots of suburban churches and Targets, far from the thin bedroom walls that might betray him, to sing into a laptop in the back seat, the car seat headrest the only audience to his attempts. Those experiments would eventually amount to 11 albums he would self-release on Bandcamp in the span of four years, which would in turn lead to a record deal with Matador, which would in turn lead to last fall's retrospective, Teens of Style, and Car Seat Headrest's excellent new studio debut, Teens of Denial—out now digitally, and physically on July 8—versions of which have accompanied me on my drives now for about 800 miles and counting.
I've listened to this album a lot, mostly alone, mostly in my car. It's been a reliable comfort in solitude, self-imposed and otherwise: speeding down Sunset Blvd. at 2 AM to "Destroyed by Hippie Powers," hours from sleep; overlooking a Dodger Stadium vista to "Cosmic Hero," waiting for a text that never comes; crying during the (actually hilarious) opening lines of "(Joe Gets Kick Out of School for Using) Drugs With Friends" in the parking lot before work. So it feels a bit weird, and almost intrusive, to find Toledo sitting in my passenger seat next to me, discussing it.
"We're at a point in culture where we don't think of art as life," the 23-year-old says. "It's something that's very separate, sacred, and created out of some social necessity. It's always a reflection of society, and the artist." I wonder who's intruding on whom.
We were originally supposed to meet at Hollywood's Museum of Death, but Toledo's nervous about missing his flight. He's been touring with Car Seat Headrest for the past several months, and now he's tired and anxious to head home to Seattle for a couple of weeks off before the final crunch in preparation for the album's release. Then, it's back on the road again for an international tour through the end of November.
But he won't rest for long: A week before the album's original May release date, The Cars' Ric Ocasek will revoke approval of Toledo's song, "Not What I Needed," which incorporated elements of his band's 1978 classic, "Just What I Needed." Matador will go on to issue a last-minute recall of the album—a first in its 27-year history—forcing the label to delay Denial's physical release, destroy $50,000 worth of vinyl, and Toledo to re-do the song in a matter of days.
"It was mainly frustrating in that I don't think he ever listened to the song, or the album, which I don't feel is right," he says. "These laws do a lot more towards hurting smaller artists than they do helping them. They really only protect big artists who have the system working for them already."
Toledo is already well-versed in the hustle of the underdog: Teens of Style, his first project with Matador, culled 11 songs from his back catalog, a sort of greatest anti-hits of introspective, scuzzed-out bedroom rock that raised his profile from a blogosphere favorite to a contender for indie rock's next great hope—praise he accepts with cheerful ambivalence.
"I'm not trying to revive guitar rock—that's silly, and I'd rather not feel like I'm fighting time," he says. "I'd rather feel like I'm participating in the musical culture as it stands. But if I can change it a little, that'd be cool too."
Teens of Denial is Toledo's first studio album, as well as his first with an outside producer, Steve Fisk (Soundgarden, Low, Nirvana), and a full band—specifically, bassist Ethan Ives, drummer Andrew Katz, and guitarist Seth Dalby. Together, they've stripped away the sonic and emotional masking that marked Toledo's past work for a muscular rock record that, as a friend recently put it, makes you wish you were still in high school so you could write its lyrics all over your notebook.
Denial alternates between power chord-driven urgency and thoughtful piano and horn-laden arrangements, with elements that, in less capable hands, might be written off as indie rock anachronism: reckless mixing, harpoon synth lines, unexpected rhythmic turns, dynamic builds that collapse into total chaos, and guitars that make guitars sound exciting again. Anchoring it all is Toledo's voice, a groggy monotone freed from reverb and capable of breaking into a nuanced baritone, full-throated screams, and falsetto. "My music's always served as a documentation of my progress as a person—not just lyrically, but production-wise," he says. "It was definitely a thematic choice to have the album produced the way it was."
If previous Car Seat Headrest records concerned the loneliness and confusion of being a teenager, Denial, written during his transition to post-collegiate reality, is a snapshot of the growing pains that follow, and never stop.
"If you really want to know yourself, it will come at the price of knowing no one else," he sings on "Cosmic Hero," an uncomfortable truth that, sung out loud at 60 mph, feels more like relief.
Denial captures the epiphany of adulthood's anticlimax: a study, weighted equally by wit and poignancy (though never self-pity), of the free-fall between losing your innocence and reclaiming your self-respect, losing your faith and grasping for something, anything to replace it. Meaning is preferred but not required.
"At what point do you stop being teenage and angsty and start being an adult?," Toledo wonders, the rhythm of the highway lulling us into conversation. "There's no clear answer to that."
On 11-minute album centerpiece "The Ballad of the Costa Concordia," named for the 2012 Italian cruise ship disaster, Toledo laments his inability to stop fucking up. He hurts himself riding his bike. He can't hold a job. He forgets his backpack after playing basketball. He gets wasted "every Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and—why not?—Sunday," because no one told him not to. The list grows until he finds common ground with the cruise ship's incompetent captain: "How the hell was I supposed to steer this ship? / It was an expensive mistake."
The song is heartbreaking and hilarious, embodying the sting of realizing that bad things are going to happen to you simply because you don't know any better—and the hilarity of thinking that it would be any other way. At a certain point, naivete has to give way to assuming a sense of responsibility. Whether it's forgetting your backpack at the basketball court or fatally crashing a $500 million cruise ship, your mistakes become hurting the people you love the most.
"I have a love-hate relationship with that song," Toledo reflects. "It's petty and childish, but it also has merit. It was born out of a couple sleepless nights of feeling very frustrated and unable to take action on anything—lying in bed, wishing I was dead, or that I could get to sleep. I was causing more trouble than I was good. Normal people already figured a lot of that shit out, but I was still fucking things up on a regular basis. That frustrated me."
If the album draws its humor and energy from its anger, there's a deep current of loneliness that gives it its weight: the way we fail to connect because of misplaced protectiveness on our need to be understood, the alienation of being not quite crazy enough.
"There's a portrait by Van Gogh / On the Wikipedia page for clinical depression / Yeah, it helps to describe it," Toledo sings on "Vincent," a slow-burning onslaught of horns and feedback that plays like the soundtrack to a midnight panic attack when you have nothing real to keep you up at night.
It's unclear if the line is intended as sarcastic, or whether he even knows—which is kind of the point. "It's difficult to rank pains," Toledo reasons. "You versus a 'crazy' person. Or you versus a homeless person. The only real solution is to be grateful when you have the capacity for gratitude, and to be patient when you don't."
The spectrum of mental unrest has long been a theme in Toledo's songwriting, but he's quick to clarify that he doesn't consider himself depressed, or otherwise mentally ill ("I know people who have had depression. It gets fucking terrible,"). And that's where "Fill in the Blank" comes in: Denial's defiantly buoyant opening track-cum-thesis is both a takedown and celebration of the anxiety suffered by a generation sick of being told by errant Baby Boomers that it hasn't tried hard enough—even if, in some ways, the Boomers are right. "It's an inability to even describe what you're going through, because you want to do justice to it without overblowing it, or turning it into something it's not."
In person, Toledo (not his real last name) bears little resemblance to the disillusioned malcontent at the heart of the record's story. He talks a lot, but not too much, with a wide, easy smile that lilts into a half-smirk when he's listening. His unassuming appearance—black framed glasses, a mop of black hair, and when we meet, a couple of zits flecked across his otherwise smooth cheeks—belies a subtle magnetism that makes things sound just a little more true when he's saying them.
"The good news about that album being finished is that so is that part of my life," he says with a chuckle. "The next thing I do is going to be a lot less cynical. Every album that I write is supposed to convey the arc of an emotional weather pattern I've been having, and finishing the album is what triggers the next emotional weather pattern."
Toledo's next weather pattern looks to be decidedly happier; there are more people in it, he explains, and surprise. He points to the pop jaunt of Denial's "Unforgiving Girl (She's Not An)," a playful, old-fashioned love song whose musical and lyrical optimism marks new territory for Toledo, as well as what his next artistic move might sound like. "This is the end for that character—a frustrated and solitary figure who doesn't have to be me," Toledo says on the chapter that Denial closes. "That's kind of freeing."
I'm embarrassed because a small part of me is disappointed when he says this. Which is kind of his whole point—we're scared to cede our pain to the uncertain reality that follows. Self-loathing and frustration are familiar. We know what to do with them. We take shelter in them. Love, and self-respect, and opening ourselves to others, on the other hand, are risks. The stakes are higher.
If Toledo is already being hailed as the posterboy for the Bandcamp generation, Car Seat Headrest's career is, relatively, just getting started. Maybe he'll next delve into the electronic music with which he's been experimenting. Or maybe he'll ditch music altogether—he'd like to work in film or TV someday, he says, though that probably won't be for awhile. He already has a vault of new songs penned in the two years since he wrote the bulk of Denial. What he does with it, or what's beyond that, is anyone's guess, and for the first time, he's OK with that.
"I saw most life experiences hundreds of times on TV, on the internet, and in movies, before I ever got a chance to experience any of them," he says. "It's intimidating when it comes to just getting started on life, as well as a slow acclimation into seeing these things for myself."
Maybe growing up isn't the realization that life is mostly out of our control, but choosing to love the uncertainty, in spite of it—to invite others into the solitude, and not care if they hear you sing, or see you cry.
After 90 minutes of rush hour tribulations, and more than a few circuitous re-routes courtesy of Waze, we finally make it to LAX. He's got plenty of time. We say our goodbyes, and I'm alone in my car again. I put on some music, and the album picks up where it left off. I drive away, and sing along.
Andrea Domanick is (not an) unforgiving girl. Follow her on Twitter.
Image caption Douglas Carswell: 'Brussels makes it much harder for British steelmakers to do business'
UKIP MP Douglas Carswell has claimed Welsh steel plants can be saved if the UK leaves the European Union, ahead of a visit to Newport.
He met Tata workers in Llanwern before addressing UKIP activists and assembly candidates.
Mr Carswell claimed EU membership stops the UK blocking cheap Chinese imports and helping with energy costs.
But pro-EU Labour MP Jessica Morden said the UK government, not the EU, was to blame for the lack of action.
"Brussels makes it much harder for British steelmakers to do business," Mr Carswell said on Tuesday.
"The EU's anti-fossil-fuel directives and regulations have driven up energy costs - and heavy industry is paying the price.
301 Moved Permanently The document has moved here. EU referendum issues guide: Explore the arguments http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36027205 https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2016/newsspec_13606/content/iframe/english/index.inc.app.html Explore all the issues Choose an issue: What both sides are saying All issues Main views Share this page EU referendum issues guide What the leave and remain sides are saying in the #EUref campaign
"While Chinese manufacturers make the most of cheap power, fuel costs for ours have rocketed.
"EU interference in our energy market is making it impossible for our industry to compete."
Mr Carswell said UKIP would give British steel firms a "sustainable future" by lowering their taxes, and cutting their energy bills.
"The Remainers talk about the 'economic benefits' of the EU as if they are spread equally," he added.
"In reality, the gains are restricted to an elite few.
"UKIP are the only party uniting behind saving Welsh steel as the only party that unanimously supports Brexit."
Labour MP Jessica Morden, speaking for the pro-Remain group Wales Stronger In Europe, said Mr Carswell's comments blaming the EU for the UK steel crisis were "inaccurate and opportunist".
She blamed the UK government for blocking EU attempts to restrict cheap imports of Chinese steel, and for delaying financial help for firms with high energy costs.
"Britain has the tools available to support our steel industry, if only the government would choose to use them," she said.
Onkruid (Netherlands)
The magazine "Onkruid" ["The Weed"], which is the main 'alternative' print magazine here in the Netherlands [with a New Age slant], has 8 pages dedicated to polyamory in its Juli/August 2008 number. Much of this is an interview with Ageeth Veenemans, whom you mentioned on May 17, 2008.
The article is called Dertig jaar na de seksuele revolutie: van partnerruil naar polyamorie, or "Thirty years after the sexual revolution, from partner swapping to polyamory". It starts by talking about the ability to love multiple people, as opposed to just have sex with multiple people as was long the focus of the sexual revolution.
The suite of articles includes a column by Iteke Weeda, a Dutch sociologist who has written books and columns about the concept since the mid-80's, when it was called liefde in meervoud, "love in plurality". There are also sub-articles dealing with the origins of polyamory, a rather simple test to see how poly you are, "From Jealousy to Frubble", "Polyamory and Spirituality", and "Polyamory as a Trend".
Thirty years after the sexual revolution: from partner swapping to polyamory
By Judith van der Graaf
Do you remember... the sexual revolution and its effects? Or is that way before your time, and are you more into monogamous relationships as came afterwards? In either case, summer is a good time for love. However, what to do if you're already in a relationship and have butterflies in your stomach over someone else? Cheating is cumbersome, and 'swinging' doesn't have all the answers either. Polyamory might provide you with an alternative: Openly loving more than one person at the same time. In a conversation with Ageeth Veenemans who wrote a book about it, we'll shed some light on this phenomenon and take a look at its spiritual content. Also, a look-back by Bob Snoijink and Iteke Weeda as experts on the achievements of 30 years of sexual revolution.
----------
Ageeth Veenemans (age 44) has made polyamory her life's work. She wrote the book Ik hou van twee mannen (I love two men). A book about her personal struggle with love and falling in love while being married, with a happy ending. At the same time it's a guide: how do you actually do this, and how do you become a full-fledged 'polyamorist'?
Q: What is polyamory?
A: "Polyamory is a life-philosophy in which you admit that you can love more than one person and that you can be loyal, open and respectful towards each other. Typical qualities can be: Friendship, intimacy, emotional or spiritual closeness, and/or sexuality. In essence it is love, not sex. it's about love without limitations rather then sex without limitations. Love is an energy that you can feel, and that you can show by loving. I see sex as the most beautiful and intense way of communicating love. However that is where the taboo lies: having sex with someone else than your partner"
Is polyamory limited to gender and age?
"Often men are more interested in sex and women more interested in intimacy. In a sense you could say that polyamory is more of a woman's thing. However, in principle it's not connected to gender or age. In the forums most people are 35-plus. This is natural: by then you will have had a steady relationship for a while, and it is possible that you will fall in love with someone else. There are people in their 20's who practice it. These usually are students who are very conscious about their life. I even know people aged 80 and above who have been practising polyamory for several decades!"
Do you belief that deep in their hearts, everybody is polyamorous?
"I belief that everybody can feel love for several people at a time. But not everybody will be suited to the polyamorous life. I sometimes call it 'love for advanced students', because in practice, it's not an easy road."
What to do when your partner is polyamorous and you are not, or the other way around?
"Indeed, it is tricky if you differ from your partner in that way. however I don't believe in perpetrators and victims."
What do you think about 50-plus men who say: my wife is getting old, with all the wrinkles, I'm going to add a younger woman?
"I see two or three people who will have to work that out. Sometimes you'll see, especially in older generations, that such a wife has learned to sacrifice herself and take care of her husband. In return she expects his sexual fidelity. How awkward that he should fall in love with another. I'd want to challenge such a woman: take care of yourself, assume responsibility. Don't become a victim of the situation. That will be bad for your self-image. But I can see how difficult that is!"
And the man, does falling in love with 'a young flower' offer him any chances on self-development?
"I think he does, often involving insecurity about his age and looks. I find it hard to understand this focus on superficialities. For me it's all about the 'click'. On the other hand I do seem to fall for taller men, so perhaps I have some things to work out about my height!"
What is the link between polyamory and 'swinging'?
"The morality needs to adjust itself to the reality. Swinging is a way to deal with that: sex with other people is allowed, but restricted by rules. Love is often not allowed. Sometimes it works. I know people who experience an enormous amount of freedom, by only having the guts to do that, and who develop beautiful friendships because of it. Personally I feel that sex for the sex is in no way comparable with loving sex. In polyamory it's all about the love, and is sex a possible result, not a purpose."
What is your personal mission in writing this book and doing this work?
"I was raised Catholic and monogamous, got married, had three children, and thought that this would be the way it would be for the rest of my life. Until seven years ago when I fell in love with a co-worker: Bob. Cheating was a big personal taboo, and I condemned it strongly in other people. However when he kissed me, all the fuses blew and I started a secret affair.
"I was so much in love, that I considered leaving husband and children for him. Maybe you should experience something like that yourself to understand how this can happen in a life. My brother had the same experience: He had a relationship of 17 years and a child a year old when he fell head over heels for another woman. He was convicted by people around him, his wife left him, taking his child, and he lost everything he had in one fell swoop. One time we talked about it, and I saw him cry. About how intense his love felt, but also about how he still loved his wife, and missed his child. Unfortunately he had a cardiac arrest a few months later in this stressing period of his life, which cost his life.
"I have literally seen what kind of misery the monogamous norm can bring. I myself went through a harsh time: I confessed to my husband and said my farewells to Bob. I was completely open to my husband about that, because I didn't want to cheat any more.
"But what was the alternative? That was when I found the website (www.polyamory.nl) and thought: how is it possible that I didn't know that this existed! I immediately decided: I'm going to write a book about this! The writing began to process my own experience, but also to lend support to all the people in that situation.
"Polyamory saved my marriage. Only when we were able to talk about this, could our relationship improve. Finally I could show my sorrow for my lost love, and my husband could show his emotions about my deceit, and through all this openness we came to each other again.
"Before I went public under my own name, I extensively talked with my husband about it. I like the way we live and want to express it. And I have experienced that you can do it: I continued to live, and feel that people even respect us. Only the pre-war [WWII] generation cannot seem to muster understanding. The generation that experienced the sexual revolution is usually quite open to it.
"I couldn't consider leaving my husband any more and would be extremely embarrassed if I had taken the care of their father away from my children. An important part of my mission is: Assume responsibility for your children. Sometimes divorce is the way to go. But I want to show: This is the alternative, take a look, maybe it's something for you."
Sociologist and love-researcher Iteke Weeda (age 65):
'It should be possible' becomes 'It should be allowed if it can be done'.
"Polyamory is one of the biggest taboos; still, a majority of people have to deal with love-experiences with others in their relationship. Isn't that weird, a taboo for something that lives with most society!"
Iteke Weeda has been talking about 'love in plurality' [liefde in meervoud] for years, a term that she coined for the phenomenon of erotic feelings of love for several people at the same time. She has an enormous amount of letters and depositions from men and women who have experience of this.
"In the 50's the sexual morality was very strict: you find your true love between your 18th and 25th year of age, and you marry him, without having sex before marriage. It was rather immature if you fell in love after 30. If you had a partner, flirting with another was not done, and cheating was direct cause for divorce.
The period 1965-1975 was a a time filled with experiment to topple the sacred ideals, especially in the more elitist groups: the time of communes, anti-authoritarian raising of children and partner-swapping. Actually partner-swapping was still a bit traditional because you experimented within marriage, and emotions wore not allowed. 'It should be possible' became the new motto. Of course it wasn't that simple: new love and jealousy did develop, with many divorces as a result."
In the second half of the 70's the number of experiment declined; monogamy was nourished more. In the 80's AIDS reinforced this trend. Did the sexual revolution fail because of that?
"Oh no, I see it this way: first we ran ahead 25 steps and then we fell back 15. But those 10 remaining steps we kept: we never returned to the way of thinking of the 50's. Slowly we developed ourselves further, we become emotionally stronger. And this is the requisite for such experiments as polyamory; this allows you to cope with the painful emotions that sometimes come with it. The new morality is turning into 'everything should be allowed if it can be done'. I meet many people who are finding their way into polyamory. It can be an enrichment if all parties can deal with it, and if it can happen in the open. Through secrecy, you distort the intuition of the other, who really can tell that something is happening. This doesn't mean that you should share everything, including the tiniest bed-details. There is something like privacy."
The long, slow arc of world history bends toward human betterment. At least that's what most of the Western world has believed since the Renaissance and the Enlightenment. The ideal of historical progress toward ever greater knowledge, humanism, civilization, and reason  an ideal aborted in the United States  continues in Europe, the place that gave birth to the Enlightenment and the concept of historical progress itself. These ideals remain especially strong in the Northern European countries.So in a place like the Netherlands, people tend to be unthreatened by new ideas about better human relations.European societies do tend to behave more traditionally around issues of home, family, and community than Americans do  what with our own ideals of individualism, private gain, and mobility, which have led to social fragmentation. Few of us Americans pay much attention to our neighbors any more or even know who they are. This individualism does give American polys a lot of breathing room, despite the hostile ruling ideology.But in societies that believe in the idea of progress  that we are here to throw off the darknesses and cruelties of the past, and to strive for a happier, more humane future (as America itself once believed)  in such places, the notion of polyamory lands on friendlier ground.All this is by way of introduction to a letter I got from GeekFox in Amsterdam:He has translated the main article for us, shown below. "It wasn't easy," he writes, "as Dutch has a lot of flowery sayings and idioms, and the article has used a lot of them. ^.^ I've tried to keep close to the original; I hope this hasn't created clunky English."GeekFox also translated the sidebar on Iteke Weeda:The magazine didn't put the articles on its website . If it does, remember that you can translate (very roughly) a whole site by pasting the URL into Google Language Tools In the Amsterdam newspaperfor Feb. 14, 2009, there's a short article " Do You Believe in Monogamy? " with many reader comments.
Labels: books, Europe, Nederlands
McLaren are understood to be seriously considering Kevin Magnussen for 2014 seat
Kevin Magnussen with McLaren's Sporting Director Sam Michael in the Indian GP paddock
The rise to prominence of the 21-year-old Dane has come as McLaren have continued to stall on making any driver announcement for 2014. While Button's deal has been agreed but not yet officially confirmed, speculation has centred on the future of Perez, who has struggled in his first season at Woking.
Perez's cause has not been helped by the team's MP4-28 car, which has been off the pace. But the feeling persists that the Mexican is not the driver McLaren thought he might be.
The former Sauber driver has voiced confidence that he will be retained but it seems that the recent exploits of Magnussen have come at the wrong time for the 23-year-old.
The fifth-place finish Perez scored at the Indian GP equalled McLaren's best result of the season and suggested that the driver was responding well to speculation surrounding his future. Yet Perez's ninth place at the Abu Dhabi GP was described rather bluntly by Team Principal Martin Whitmarsh as a "disappointing result".
Meanwhile, Magnussen's stock has continued to rise. A member of McLaren's Young Driver Development Programme, he recently claimed the Formula Renault 3.5 Championship and was immediately on the pace for the team in his first F1 outing during July's Young Driver Test at Silverstone.
Whitmarsh has described Magnussen as "lightning quick" and it appears those vital tenths of a second are what they're after - and what they feel Perez has not yet found.
McLaren are already considering placing Magnussen at Marussia next season in order to gain more experience. However, it is understood that senior management increasingly see him as capable of stepping up to partner Button.
A decision has yet to be made but assuming Magnussen does get the nod then his arrival would bring obvious parallels with the emergence of Lewis Hamilton in 2007.
Back then, Hamilton had the benefit of extensive pre-season testing which is now at a premium - all the more so next year, which heralds a new era of 1.6-litre V6 turbocharged cars featuring enhanced energy recovery systems.
Yet the fact that McLaren are giving serious consideration to Magnussen even with those caveats suggests how highly they rate him.
Magnussen himself sees a much-revised car as an opportunity rather than a potential problem. "It could be an advantage for us rookies because if anything it means that experience counts for less," he told reporters in India. "No drivers will have experience of driving these cars.
"It's a very good opportunity for a rookie."
Related stories:
Kevin Magnussen ready to leap into Formula 1's deep end
Washington (CNN) Angela Merkel, the German chancellor desperately working to reach a diplomatic accord ending unrest in eastern Ukraine, continued her efforts at the White House Monday, urging President Barack Obama to forestall sending lethal aid to Kiev.
Her efforts appeared effective; at a midday press conference, Obama said he hadn't yet decided whether or not to send arms and equipment to besieged Ukrainian troops in the eastern part of the country.
But both leaders hinted there could be disagreements to come on how to best end the unrest that has waged for months and so far claimed 5,000 lives. Obama left open the possibility of equipping Ukrainians with American weapons if Merkel's latest attempt at brokering a diplomatic end to the violence fails.
"There may be some areas where there tactical disagreements," Obama said. "There may not be. But the broad principle that we have to stand up for, not just Ukraine, but the principle of territorial integrity and sovereignty is one where we are completely unified."
Merkel used similar language, saying through a translator the alliance between the United States and Europe will continue to stand, will continue to be solid, even though on certain issues we may not always agree."
Read More
Are you a developer or are just a consumer looking for the latest in cutting-edge tablet hardware? Want that stock Android experience without all the crap software but with plenty of other features? Looks like you might be in luck today, especially if you're ready to drop $799 on said tablet experience. Qualcomm, maker of chipsets for just about every big-name phone out there, releases developer editions of its newest hardware platforms months before they actually ship in production consumer devices. The Snapdragon 805 is the latest and greatest from the chipset maker and is slated to be put into probably every top-of-the-line Fall 2014 phone and tablet, and in order to maximize the experience consumers have with devices powered by the Snapdragon 805 Qualcomm is now selling the developer tablet featuring said chipset. This thing is literally packed to the gills with just about every feature you could think of and then some. We're not just talking the latest and greatest in speed and processing power, but also some incredible graphics capabilities as well. The Adreno 420 GPU packed inside supports geometry shaders and hardware tessellation, meaning you're going to get a near-gaming PC level experience with the visual quality on your games with this thing. That's all running on a 10.06" 1440p (2560 x 1440) QHD screen with 10-point multitouch support.
Also inside you'll find 3GB of LPDDR3 RAM, which is the fastest available on any mobile platform to date, as well as 64GB of eMMC 5.0 storage and removable microSD card support. On the input end you'll find a physical home button for all you button purists out there, as well as a fingerprint scanner for good measure. The MDP developer tablet features a bevvy of sensors too, including amient humidity, temperature and pressure, and 7 mics for full support of the Fluence Pro ultrasound pen. Speaking of sensors the front-facing camera might just be your standard 2MP size, but right next to it is a fancy new dual-3D gesture camera with IR LED built in. The rear camera is also a full 13MP with flash, meaning this is one of the few tablets out there that might actually take good pictures, and it even records 4K UltraHD video too. That means the next-generation of gesture controls will be super accurate and responsive when utilized correctly. The MDP Tablet kicks sound quality up a notch too with the latest Hexagon QDSP6 V5A audio processor that supports not only 5.1 surround sound but 7.1 Dolby Digital Plus and DTS, and also features stereo speakers on the back of the unit. All this comes running on the latest version of Android, 4.4 KitKat, and is ready for you to either develop for or just plain enjoy. This is a pretty killer hardware platform and likely represents what we'll be seeing from manufacturers in a few months, so hit up the source link below to grab your very own.
Children born to mothers with pregnancy-related diabetes run twice the risk of language development problems, according to a research team directed by Professor Ginette Dionne of Université Laval's School of Psychology. Details of this discovery are published in the most recent issue of the scientific journal Pediatrics.
Researchers compared the vocabulary and grammar skills of 221 children whose mothers were diagnosed with gestational diabetes to those of 2,612 children from a control group. These tests were conducted at different intervals between ages 18 months and 7 years.
Results showed that children born to mothers with gestational diabetes achieve poorer scores on tests of spoken vocabulary and grammar than children of healthy mothers. The differences between the two groups are probably due to the effects of gestational diabetes on the brain development of babies. The study shows that these effects persist even after the children start school.
This study is the first to isolate the effect of gestational diabetes from other factors including family socioeconomic status, alcohol and tobacco consumption as well as maternal hypertension during pregnancy.
However, the study suggests that the impact of pregnancy-related diabetes on language development is not inevitable, as children of more educated mothers appear less affected. "This protection may be the result of the more stimulating environment in which children of more highly educated mothers develop, but it could also be due to genes that could make some babies less vulnerable," explains Ginette Dionne. "For the moment, we cannot isolate the two factors, but ongoing studies should allow us to answer that question," she continued.
Between 2% and 14% of children are born to mothers who suffer from gestational diabetes. Risk factors for this complication during pregnancy include the mother's age and her body mass index. "As mothers are having their children at a later age and the incidence of obesity in the population is on the rise, the rate of gestational diabetes is clearly increasing," underlined Professor Dionne. "The risk to babies' language development needs to be taken into account," she concludes.
In addition to Ginette Dionne, the study was coauthored by Michel Boivin, Jean R. Séguin, Daniel Pérusse, and Richard E. Tremblay. Authors are members of the Research unit on psychosocial maladjustment in children.
Spencer's father kept driving around the large apartment complex. Since Spencer sat up front, he could see the mayhem going on between the buildings. Maybe five of the blood-splattered madmen could be seen, but even this small amount, proved enough to put the whole place into a panic.
A group of three gruesome, what had his father called them, zombies, hammered on someone's front door. Then, even as he watched, the larger male smashed through a plate glass window in complete disregard for his own safety.
He jerked and cried out involuntarily when a woman, with blood covered face and hands, ran right into the window inches before his face. He thought it was another of the roaming freaks until she screamed, “Help me! For the love of God, help me!”
“Don't let her in,” Jewels said. “She might be infected. It looks like she's been bitten.”
“Hey, I was bitten!” Chris yelled.
“Both of you calm down,” Spencer's dad said. “We need to help these-”
Before he could finish, a gory mailman missing the bottom of his face stumbled toward the bleeding woman. With another scream, she ran from the car and the mailman followed her.
“They really are zombies, huh dad?”
“Sure aren't worth saving, is all I need to know. That and aim for the head. Now Spence, I want you and your sister to stay here and roll down the windows two inches. If anything that can't talk gets too close, blast it.” Looking over his shoulder, he said, “I won't mind having one of you adults backing me up.”
“I'll go,” Chris said, while he finished binding his arm with a torn t-shirt.
“No,” Jewels said. “You're wounded. I'll go.”
“Well hurry then. There aren't too many of those things now,” Chris said. “But that last place was crawling with them. If that many show up, I don't want to be trapped in a car.”
“This won't take long,” His father said. “You just keep my kids safe. If I get back here and everything goes alright, I'll let you keep the gun.”
“That goes for me too, right?' Jewels asked, as the pair hurried out of the car. Jewels had a pistol while his father had his rifle.
Ignoring her, his father said, “Come on, let's move.” Before Spencer could even roll down the window a few inches, the two adults had already jogged behind the corner of one of the apartment buildings. Shots rang out moments later.
Spencer stared down at the black pistol that rested on his lap. It was cold, heavy. It felt too large when his small hands picked it up.
His sister's words jerked him back to the present. “Oh no. How can that thing be moving?” She gagged, “How can it be alive?” A second later, she puked over the floor of the back seat. The SUV quickly filled with the rancid odor of vomit.
But Spencer barely paid attention. Instead his eyes stayed glued to the horrific form that slowly stumbled toward them. Its stomach and most organs had been torn from its shattered ribcage. Intestines and viscera trailed more than twice its body height behind the wild eyed man.
Spencer leveled his pistol over the lip of the window. His nine year old mind struggled to process what he saw. “That thing can't be alive. They are zombies.”
“Don't shoot them unless we have too,” Chris said. “We don't want to draw attention to ourselves. Damn, that stinks.”
“Sorry,” Emily whimpered.
The disemboweled man's head jerked in their direction.
“Oh crap,” Chris said. “It's on your side of the car, Spence. Do you think you can take the shot?”
“Yeah,” he said and then held his breath while the foul half-man lurched toward their SUV. Balancing the gun in the glass, he took aim. He let out a whoop when his first shot took the zombie right between the eyes.
Chris clasped him on the shoulder. “Nice shooting, kid.” He let his hand rest there only for a moment, before continuing. “Their shooting has stopped. I'm hoping that's a good sign.” Chris slumped back, while Emily made a half-hearted attempt to clean up her mess.
A minute passed.
More of the zombies were gathering.
“I think you were right about the shooting,” Spencer whispered, while sinking down in his seat. “It's attracting them.”
“What's taking them so long,” Chris hissed. “Just get the girl and run back here, dude.”
“Spencer more are walking in from the street,” Emily whispered.
Looking back, he saw at least a dozen bulky shapes heading toward them. Most came from the road, but others wavered in from the alley and another from the complex. “Maybe we should hide.”
“They have already seen us.” Chris said way too loud. “We need to run while we still can. We can't get trapped in here!”
“My dad told us to stay in the car,” Spencer said.
Emily spoke up. “If we leave we'll have no way to escape, He might not be able to find us.”
“Come with me if you want to live,” Chris yelled and then dashed away from the car.”
Spencer felt stunned.
“He left us. He left us.” Emily stammered.
When Spencer saw that the door had been left ajar, he yelled, “Emily the door!”
With a shriek, she grabbed the door handle and the door slammed shut. Most of the zombies had lumbered after Chris, but when the door closed, their bloated eyes turned their way and with a loud chorus of moaning, they headed toward the children.
To be continued next Saturday.
You can discover where Spencer and Emily enter the Eternal Aftermath Here!
An event in the works for this October in the California desert could be a Woodstock for a new generation of classic rock fans.
Six venerable rock acts—Bob Dylan, Paul McCartney, the Who, the Rolling Stones, Neil Young, and Pink Floyd's Roger Waters—are slated to perform in a three-night music festival in October, the LA Times reports, citing unnamed sources “with knowledge of the plans.” Negotiations have not yet been finalized, the Times reports.
AEG Live, the company that orchestrates the Coachella festival every year, is reportedly organizing the collaboration, which will (if all goes well) take place at Coachella's site in Indio, California. AEG had not replied to our request for comment at publication, but we will update this story with any response.
If this concert comes together, it would be monumental for several reasons. For one, it's the first time all these giants of 1960s rock—though some, sadly, without their bands—would come together on one billing, spread over three days.
For another, the show may well end up having one of the highest bills in concert history: The top headliners on the schedule will probably net as much as $7 million each, according to Billboard.
Why mount such a costly festival? Probably because of the potential profit to be had. Coachella's revenue has been climbing every year, reaching a competition-killing $84 million in 2015. And with music festivals becoming more abundant and homogenous, a truly unique show—with a killer performance list—could draw unprecedented levels of interest. It's unclear what the ticket price would be, but everyone involved is betting that true classic rock fans, now older and presumably wealthier than they were in their concert-going youth, will shell out any amount of money for such a once-in-a-lifetime event.
“It's so special in so many ways,” said Young's manager Elliot Roberts. “You won't get a chance to see a bill like this perhaps ever again.” And that's precisely the point.
A few months ago, Tracy Raymond, a first-grade teacher in Palm Beach Gardens, FL, discovered that she was too fat for her school. A 50-year-old mother of two, Ms. Raymond has always carried around extra padding, but it never bothered her. “I know I'm heavier than I should be for my height, but I'm not obese,” she says. “I really don't care.”
If the diet police has its way, she might have to start caring. Because according to her employer, her weight is a big problem—so much so that she was warned that if she didn't lose weight and lower her cholesterol, either by participating in a wellness program or fixing the problems on her own, her insurance premiums would increase by $50 a month.
This isn't unique to Palm Beach County.
A 2013 report by ConscienHealth, a consultancy, found that 16 percent of employers require wellness program participation, including medical screenings, for access to full health benefits. Of these, 67 percent set goals for weight and/or other health indicators linked to obesity (weight, blood pressure, cholesterol, diet). But 59 percent said that their companies didn't cover any evidence-based treatments for obesity, like fitness training, dietician, or medical weight loss clinics.
Penalizing employees for pounds is perfectly legal. Under provisions in the Affordable Care Act, 2014, employers can charge employees an extra 30 percent of the total cost (employer and employee portions) of individual or family health benefits coverage if they don't meet specific wellness goals, including body mass index (BMI). This is up from 20 percent, which was imposed in 2006 and permitted under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act regulations (HIPPAA). Prior to 2006, employees couldn't be penalized for missing a wellness target. “You could offer them nominal incentives to engage in activities like participating in a class, but you never could penalize them for actually smoking or not losing weight, or having high blood pressure,” said Karen Pollitz, a senior fellow at the Kaiser Family Foundation, in Washington, D.C.
Although the law requires employers to give employees an alternative way to avoid the penalty if he or she can't meet the mandated health goal, the employee might still end up spending money. For instance, the employer might set a weight loss goal that the employee still can't meet, or suggest the worker attend a fitness class. Those who opt out would accrue some financial penalty.
“Employers,” notes Timothy S. Jost, professor emeritus at Washington and Lee University's School of Law, “like to control the lives of their employees.”
***
Cheryl Renfro, 46, worked at Hospital Corporations of America, in Nashville, until 2012. In 2004, Ms. Renfro underwent bariatric surgery and lost more than 200 pounds. Still, her BMI exceeded the acceptable limit for her company's wellness program, and she had to provide a letter from her doctor stating that she was in good health, or else she would most likely be assigned bottom-tier insurance coverage. “You'd have to take time off from work, and pay to co-pay for the office visit,” she says. “It was a hassle.”
The underlying thesis is that companies are doing something good by helping employees get into shape—and saving themselves money in health costs.
“I absolutely do think they're a good thing,” says Bruce Elliott, manager of compensation and benefits the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM), in Alexandria, VA. “Depending on how your plan is structured, it can incentivize or de-incentivize you.”
According to SHRM'S 2015 Employee Benefits Survey, which was released in June, more than two-thirds of respondents from organizations that offered wellness initiatives indicated the initiatives were “somewhat effective” or “very effective” in reducing the costs of health care in 2014 (72%), 2013 (71%) and 2012 (68%).
Yet studies have turned up scant evidence proving these programs save employers money. In a March 2013 study in Health Affairs, researchers reviewed randomized controlled trials of workplace wellness programs. They found that any savings to employers were most likely the result of cost shifting to employees with higher health risks, like obesity. A November, 2014 report in the same publication noted that these programs “increase, rather than decrease employer spending on health care with no net health benefit. The programs also cause over-utilization of screening and check-ups in generally healthy working-age adult populations, put undue stress on employees, and incentivize unhealthy forms of weight-loss.”
In fact, many critics feel that what it really amounts to is thinly veiled fat discrimination.
Most wellness programs, roughly a six billion dollar a year industry, typically target exercise habits and drug and alcohol use. But those behaviors, experts point out, are changeable, whereas size is more complex. Body weight “is a physical characteristic that is much more stubborn,” says Ted Kyle, chairman of the Obesity Action Coalition, in Pittsburgh and a former executive at GSK Consumer Healthcare who worked on Alli, the anti-obesity drug. “BMI is a calculation based on two factors—height and weight. We have it drummed into us that weight is under our control. But as a matter of fact, weight is not under your control more than height is. So, how absurd would it be if an employer started setting goals for how tall you could be?”
“There are plenty of employers that are trying to do something good, but there are some that are using [wellness programs] as a tool for shifting costs to people with chronic diseases,” he continues. “A lot of these programs get corrupted by the assumption that somebody's body size is a matter of choice, and that's simply not so.”
Abigail C. Saguy, professor of sociology at UCLA and the author of What's Wrong With Fat? agrees. “It gets framed as ‘incentive,' but there's this unquestioned assumption that if you're fat then you're not eating well and not exercising,” she says. Obesity, she adds, is considered a moral failing, caused by a major lack of willpower. “If that's how you see the world, then it makes sense to say we will reward them if they start eating better and exercising. It transforms a complex issue into a simple question of responsibility and blame.”
According to Mr. Jost, wellness programs gained legal recognition under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), which allowed group health plans to offer incentives to employees for participation in wellness programs for meeting certain requirements. Those who didn't participate were penalized.
In June 2013, the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services disseminated final ACA wellness program regulations, in which they defined the conditions under which wellness programs could be offered. According to the regulations, the workplace wellness programs also had to meet the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act, and the HIPPA health information privacy rules.
Read Abby Ellin's report about the misleading health claims of food delivery services
Still, questions remain as to the legality of certain aspects of wellness programs. Three percent of companies with 200 or more employees, for example, won't let staff have health insurance at all unless they complete a health risk assessment (HRA), an intrusive questionnaire with a host of personal questions unrelated to job performance: “Do you drink alcohol? “Do you smoke?” “How often do you exercise?” “ “How many hours do you sleep at night?” “Are you happy in your marriage?”
Not surprisingly, many employees feel uncomfortable sharing that kind of personal information with their bosses.
Here's where things get tricky. Although ObamaCare permits these penalties, under the ADA, it's illegal to force employees to undergo medical exams or answer questions about their health—unless the questions are directly related to their job performance (itself debatable). It only allows medical inquiries and exams that are unrelated to the job if they're voluntary and part of an employee health program.
This, in turn, begets another question: When is a wellness program voluntary?
And here's where things get even more murky. “If it's going to cost you thousands of dollars a year if you decline to answer—that's not voluntary,” says Jennifer Mathis, director of programs at the Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, in Washington. “The ADA's requirement that wellness program medical questions or exams be voluntary means that employees cannot be charged steep financial penalties for declining to answer or be tested. I think the concern of the hour has been more that the new proposed ADA regulations take away some existing protections and force people to reveal medical info and take medical exams that are supposed to be voluntary, thus forcing people into discriminatory situations in their workplace.”
As it happens, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) has filed cases under the ADA against Orion Energy Systems, in Manitowoc, Wis., for requiring an employee to submit to medical exams and inquiries that were not job-related and consistent with business necessity as part of a so-called “wellness program,” which was not voluntary. The employee was fired when she objected to the program.
The EEOC also alleges that Flambeau, Inc., a Baraboo, Wis.-based plastics manufacturing company, violated federal law by requiring an employee to submit to medical testing and assessment in connection with a “wellness program” or face dire consequences.
In April, the EEOC issued a Notice of Proposed Rule-Making (NPRM) on the intersection of the ADA, which prohibits biometric testing that is not job-related, and the ACA, which permits employers to either reward or penalize employees based on their participation in Wellness programs that might require biometric testing. It is unclear when the final rulings should be issued, says Justine Lisser, a spokesperson for the EEOC.
In the meantime, Ms. Raymond, the first grade teacher, is not planning to complete the six weeks of mandated phone counseling with a nutritionist (time, some might argue, better spent teaching kids). Instead, she has opted to pay an extra $600 a year—or $25 per paycheck out of a salary that is not large to begin with.
“Suppose I jump through hoops—and next year I still don't pass—are they going to drop me from coverage?” she says. “If I wanted to lose weight, I would. But I'm certainly not going to do it for people at my job who want me to do it.”
Mr. Kyle of the Obesity Action Coalition sums it up this way: “You should never go around telling people what they ought to weigh.”
Abby Ellin is the author of Teenage Waistland: A Former Fat-Camper Weighs in on Living Large, Losing Weight and How Parents Can (and Can't) Help.
This feature was supported by the journalism nonprofit the Economic Hardship Reporting Project.
Remember that Budweiser commercial that lit up craft beer a few years back?
It mocked people who dared to smell their beer. Who cared to think critically about their beer. Who created such things as pumpkin peach ale.
Well, turns out Budweiser might have had a point.
After six hours wandering the aisles of the Festival of Wood and Barrel-Aged Beer last weekend, I have concluded that craft beer is betraying itself. It is forgetting what beer should taste like.
Though FOBAB, held this year at the University of Illinois at Chicago Forum on Friday and Saturday, remains Chicago's most essential beer festival, corners of it have become a showcase for beer that tastes more like dessert than beer. “Pastry stouts,” the industry calls them.
Among the 376 beers poured at FOBAB this year, about 50 were pastry stouts, the largest share of the largest category at FOBAB.
Five years ago, among 194 beers, a measly six could be counted as pastry stouts. Back then, breweries were far more likely to age imperial stout in whiskey barrels to show the character of the beer they'd brewed and the barrels they'd secured. Today, those same beers are overrun with coffee, vanilla beans, coconut, cinnamon, chiles and cacao nibs.
So very many cacao nibs.
At this year's FOBAB, there was beer named for cake (Barrel-Aged German Chocolate Cake), beer named for milkshakes (Bourbon Barrel Aged Supershake), beer named for cookies (Bourbon Barrel Aged Gingerbread Imperial Stout) and beer that didn't bother specifying its form of sugary decadence (Beer Geek Mid-Day Dessert). Lil Beaver Brewery, of Bloomington, Ill., poured a beer it described as boasting “enough cacao nibs and toasted coconut to make you think you're drinking a candy bar.”
It's a confounding moment in craft beer. The industry is still growing rapidly — 6,000 breweries operating and hundreds more in planning — and the race is on for differentiation. The problem is that the differentiation seems both too sweet and too repetitive.
An obvious parallel is unfolding in the IPA realm, where hazy IPAs — also known as New England-style or double-dry hopped IPAs — have become an industry hit for their marked fruit-forwardness and astonishingly low bitterness. But there's an important distinction between hazy IPA and adjunct stout. IPAs are trending fruitier due to giant leaps in hop breeding, production and how they're employed in the brewing process. Love it or hate it — I fall somewhere in between — hazy IPA is a true innovation. It is a tweak in how things have been done.
Pastry stouts, however, too often amount to throwing a bunch of stuff in beer. They have become a sideshow — an excuse to dazzle, titillate or even revolt on social media; look at this audacious sugary thing in our beer! They feel less like brewers leading their audiences, more like pandering to them.
Now, to be fair, some pastry stouts are quite good. Among my favorite FOBAB finds came from Braxton Brewing, of Covington, Ky., which poured a version of its Dark Charge imperial stout aged in Buffalo Trace bourbon barrels with ancho chiles, vanilla, cinnamon and cacao nibs. What could have been a busy, overwhelming mess was expertly assembled, each ingredient employed sparingly and threaded together harmoniously. Most important, the beer dried out enough to, you know, taste like beer.
Too many pastry stouts have lost any semblance of balance and simply overrun the palate. An imperial stout aged in bourbon barrels, by definition, features notes of chocolate, vanilla, coffee, char, oak, bourbon and coconut. Sounds good, right? It's the entire point of aging a robust stout on charred oak that previously held whiskey. But by adding the literal ingredients already present in the nuance, pastry stouts can easily lurch into gooey, sugar-smacked messes.
But here's the thing: People like them.
Nick Stetina The Festival of Wood and Barrel-Aged Beer, held at UIC Forum on Nov. 10-11, remains Chicago's most essential beer festival. The Festival of Wood and Barrel-Aged Beer, held at UIC Forum on Nov. 10-11, remains Chicago's most essential beer festival. (Nick Stetina)
There's no finer example than More Brewing's BA Karma, the unequivocal darling of this year's FOBAB. More has garnered quick acclaim since opening this summer in suburban Villa Park — due in large part to its hazy IPAs, naturally — and that led to an eager crowd on FOBAB's Friday night session. By the end of the evening, BA Karma was the festival's buzz beer. During the first session Saturday, BA Karma was gone within 30 minutes of the VIP preview, before the general-admission crowd could even get in the door. By the beginning of the Saturday evening session, there was already a line of 125 holdovers from the earlier session — me included.
The fascination was too rich to pass up.
The beer turned out to be equally rich. My few ounces of BA Karma were unmistakable: chocolate syrup. It had fantastic body — or, as the current nomenclature goes, “mouthfeel” — but you know what else has fantastic, silky mouth feel? Chocolate syrup. Mouthfeel alone does not a great beer make. I was surprised to look in the program and see that in addition to cacao nibs, BA Karma also counts toasted coconut and cinnamon as ingredients. I mostly got cacao nibs.
Here's the irony of the pastry stout explosion: The original barrel-aged stout was a reaction to too much sweetness. Back in 1994, when he was brewmaster of the Goose Island brewpub, Greg Hall heard customers marveling about the newly released Sam Adams Triple Bock. It was a mind-blowing beer at the time: thick, boozy (18 percent alcohol), knee-bucklingly sweet and aged in oak barrels that previously had held Jack Daniel's whiskey. It wasn't that drinkers liked Triple Bock; it was that American beer had been pushed to otherworldly heights. Again and again, Hall heard from amazed customers: “Have you tried this Sam Adams Triple Bock?” It tastes like port, they would say. Or brandy. Or liqueur. No one said it tasted like beer.
When Hall got his hands on Jim Beam bourbon barrels the next year, he was determined to put a beer in — and more importantly, take a beer out, one that was inarguably beer. Three months later, that beer was Bourbon County Stout. All these years later, it continues to generally feature the characteristics of great beer: sweetness balanced against bitterness and chocolate balanced against vanilla, all threaded together by boozy oak.
There are signs of hope going forward. This year's Bourbon County crop includes a stellar version aged in 11-year-old Knob Creek barrels; no further tricks required. Simplicity is also part of why there's so much excitement around Revolution Brewing's barrel-aged series this year. Of its eight canned barrel-aged releases on the way, six feature no adjuncts. The two that do have adjuncts feature one each: cherries and coffee. They're both remarkably balanced.
The causes of water scarcity are varied. Some are natural and others are as a result of human activity. The current debate sites the causes as largely deterministic in that scarcity is a result of identifiable cause and effect. However, if water scarcity is the point at which water stress occurs (the point at which various conflicts arise, harvests fail and the like), then there are also less definable sociological and political causes. Many of the causes are inter-related and are not easily distinguished. Some of the main physical causes are listed below (see Socio-Political Causes of Water Scarcity)
Population growth
The main cause of growing water scarcity is the growing demand resulting from population increase. The population growth rate for each country in southern Africa varies between 2.2 and 3.8 %. The major increase in demand is due to the development needs of the growing population and, primarily, from the need to grow sufficient food to feed the increasing population.
Food production
The region is already experiencing considerable problems in relation to food security. None of the countries in SADC were able to weather the droughts of the early 1990s without outside assistance or the importing of considerable quantities of cereal. As the demand for food increases with increasing population, the position is reached where even in good years there will be insufficient water to meet the demands. This raises the debate of food security and self-sufficiency. Some countries in the region – notably Botswana – having realised that there is insufficient water available to ensure self-sufficiency in food production and have consequently opted to ensure food security through economic growth. In time of need, food is imported. This constitutes a reliance on “virtual water” which is the water required to produce the food at its point of production rather than needing that water to be available at the point of consumption.
South Africa can be regarded as both requiring internal transfers of food stuffs when regions within the country are unable to meet local needs, and requiring the import of food stuffs when there is a net shortage throughout the country.
Climatic change and variability
There is a great deal of debate regarding the issue of global climate change. Whilst there is a wide-spread view that global warming is happening, this is yet to be conclusively scientifically proven and the effect of this phenomenon on water resources is unknown. The consensus is that the effect will be to accentuate the extremes with more pronounced droughts and more severe flooding.
Land use
Land use changes have a variety of impacts on water resources. Whilst reduction of vegetation cover may result in greater run off, it reduces groundwater infiltration and the storage capacity of dams and lakes through siltation. The draining of large scale wetlands or large scale deforestation may change the micro-climate of a region.
The need for improved farming methods and greater understanding of the soil/water interface is evident in many parts of the country. The consequences of poor land management and farming methods is to push communities ever closer to the point of vulnerability where even small changes in conditions can have disastrous effects.
Another issue related to land use is the development of “thirsty” crops, particularly in sensitive areas such as mountain catchments. An example is forestry development. Whilst this can offer employment and a variety of other benefits, there are cases where the runoff from such areas is substantially reduced causing water scarcity for down stream users.
Water quality
Pollution of water supplies reduces the availability of water for use. This is particularly severe during times of water shortages. In times of plenty the ability of a river to accept a given pollution load is greater because of greater dilution factors. As water becomes more scarce, therefore, rivers and streams become increasingly sensitive to the effects of pollution, as do those human and other living organisms which depend on the water.
Water contamination can result from a variety of causes including agricultural return flows, industry, and domestic uses. Pollution can take the form of both point source and diffuse contamination. Both surface and groundwater are often affected. Destruction of the riverine environment reduces the natural ability of the river to cope with pollution.
Water demand
A growing and mismanaged demand for water will hasten the arrival of conditions of scarcity. The widespread misconception by many people that there is plenty of water and that the only problem is getting it to the right place at the right time still persists as a residue from the era of supply driven water resources management. Moving to a deliberate and purposeful policy scenario of demand management is urgently required of South Africa and other governments in the SADC region, although this may not be politically palatable in the short term. Reducing and managing the demand for water, enforcing greater efficiency of use and introducing water conservation measures requires policy and legislative attention.
Source: excerpts from The Water Page
Water demand and supply for a region, country or local municipality requires a high standard of management. Unfortunately, the standard of water demand management is suspect and suitably qualified staff are severely lacking in South Africa. An integrated approach that takes all the above causes into account is required; communication between all the local authorities involved is paramount. The increase in population is seemingly uncontrollable so with every day that passes, more pressure is being applied to our already shaky water management systems. There are of course certain municipalities that are on top of the situation. Individuals feel helpless and frustrated with the inefficient, bureaucratic public service that we are currently burdened with. One way of gaining more control of your water requirement is to be become more water self-sufficient. Individuals and businesses can start by saving more water where possible and by recycling water on their properties, e.g. grey water irrigation systems. Harvesting rain can take you a step further towards water self-sufficiency; once the rainwater harvesting systems are installed, the rain collected off your roof is free water and stored in water tanks. Water Rhapsody has 16 years of experience in water conservation and is currently number 1 in water saving systems in South Africa. Contact us for a FREE quote.
Bent Rim or Wheel ? Dont Junk it Repairs It!
At We Fix Rims Houston we straighten, repair, re-finish, re-polish, paint and fix almost any damaged wheel. We have a staff with over 20 years in the industry to help repair your wheels back to almost new condition. We don't just hammer your wheel to make it round we make sure that it has been finished with quality. Our price ranges from $75 to $200 for most wheels depending on the damage and the quality of the wheel and size. We can not only fix your wheel for your automobile but we can also repair motorcyle's wheel. Please don't junk it repair it !
ABOUT My Wheel Doctor
My Wheel Doctor is your one-stop shop for you wheel straightening, repair, replacement, and refinishing.
Our aluminum and alloy wheel/rim repair and restoration process delivers the solution your looking for when it comes to repairing your wheel(s) from curb scrapes, scratches, chips and pit holes.
OAKLAND, CA--- A little over a week has passed since Matt Schaub was traded to the Oakland Raiders for a sixth round draft choice, but the former Houston Texans quarterback is already pining for the city he called home for almost eight years. On Friday, Schaub told reporters outside a Jamba Juice in Oakland that what he missed most about Houston was the inescapable, sweltering humidity.
"It's three o'clock and I'm not even soaking through my shirt."
"Yeah, it's frustrating, to be honest," said the 11-year pro. "Anytime you pack up and move across the country, you expect there to be an adjustment, but I didn't think I'd miss the obnoxious heat so much." Schaub went on to add that the mild, sunny skies that make the Bay Area the envy of the country have actually forced his family to spend quality time together at parks, outdoor malls and restaurants with patios.
Schaub noted that his three young daughters actually seem to be enjoying the constant highs in the lower 80s with cool breezes out of the west courtesy of scenic San Francisco Bay. "Not me, though," said Schaub, who then opened the backpack he was carrying and showed reporters what appeared to be a full change of clothing. "What am I supposed to do with this now?" he said, clutching a pair of socks, holding them over his head. "It's three o'clock and I'm not even soaking through my shirt."
When told that Oakland's humidity was likely very similar to that of Houston because of its proximity to bodies of water, the former Virginia Cavalier scoffed. "Well, that may be true, but all I can tell you is that it doesn't feel like there's a gaseous swamp in my shorts right now, " he said, pointing to his shorts. "So you do the math."
The difference in average highs between Houston and Oakland (pictured right)-- which can be as much as 20 degrees in the summer-- is the culprit. Unfortunately for the homesick NFL signal-caller, there will be little relief in the coming months as Oakland's temperatures are expected to stay fairly steady throughout the year before dipping in the winter.
Schaub told reporters that when he's feeling especially nostalgic, he drives through the city looking for rush hour traffic while blasting the heater of his Yukon Denali. "It feels like I'm home in Houston," Schaub said with a smile.
"Look, I just miss that feeling of walking outside and having it feel like everyone else's sweat is swirling through the air around me," he lamented, shaking his head before walking away from the throng of reporters. He added that he and his wife Laurie will probably save thousands of dollars a year by not setting their air conditioner to unreachable temperatures every day.
"It's so stupid."
Texans vs Raiders coverage
Silver And Black Pride
(Reuters) - A New York City prosecutor said he was moving to dismiss charges against five teenagers accused of raping an 18-year-old woman on a Brooklyn playground after the alleged victim recanted the accusations she was assaulted at gunpoint.
The allegations of rape on the Brooklyn playground made national headlines and stoked fear in the Brownsville community after the woman said she was drinking in the park with her father when the teens, brandishing a gun, surrounded them.
Brooklyn District Attorney Ken Thompson said the woman had stopped cooperating with investigators and had given conflicting accounts of what occurred during the Jan. 7 incident.
She had also been engaged in sexual conduct with her biological father when the teens approached her inside the park in the Brownsville section of Brooklyn, a statement said.
"That night, this young woman's father and the five young men engaged in conduct that was reprehensible and wrong," Thompson said. "But because of the lack of reliable evidence, criminal charges simply cannot be sustained."
The woman was also refusing to cooperate with any incest prosecution against her father, he added.
Four boys, who ranged in age from 14 to 17, were arrested in the days after the incident and charged with rape and other related counts. A fifth suspect, age 18, was also taken into custody.
"You can only imagine the trauma that would go along with a charge like this hanging over a young child's head," Abdula Green, an attorney for one of the boys, told a news conference on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Victoria Cavaliere in Los Angeles; Editing by Alison Williams)
Eupedia Home > Linguistics > non-Indo-European Germanic words of non-Indo-European origin Population genetic studies have provided incontrovertible evidence that ancient Germanic culture and ethnicity arose from the fusion of the Mesolithic inhabitants of Scandinavia (linked to Y-DNA haplogroup I1) and Indo-European people (associated with haplogroups R1a and R1b). Although the bulk of Germanic words have an Indo-European origin, a substantial number of fundamental vocabulary appears to be non-Indo-European, most probably inherited from the indigenous pre-Bronze-Age inhabitants of Scandinavia and/or North Germany. Sigmund Feist was the first to postulate this Germanic substrate hypothesis in 1932. Here are examples of pre-IE words in Germanic languages. Words in brackets are Indo-European. Note that some words derived from the same root have acquired different meanings in various Germanic languages. Animals Modern English Old English Dutch German Old High German Old Norse Proto-Germanic Proto-Indo-European bear bera beer Bär bero björn *beron (*rtko) bull bula bul Bulle boli *bullon (*tauros) boar bar beer (Keiler) ber (*tworkos) carp karper Karpfen karpfo (*kophelos) chicken cicen kuiken/kieken Küken kjuklingr dog (hound) docga (hond) (Hund) (hunt) (hundr) (*hundas) (*kuntos) dove dufe duif Taube dufa tuba *dubon eel æl aal Aal al all ælaz horse hors ros Roß hros hross *hursa (*gheyos, *hekwos) lamb lamb lam Lamm lamb lamb *lambaz (*heg[w]hnos) lark lawerce leeuwerik Lerche lævirik *laiw(a)rikon ram ramm ram (Schafbock) ram sheep sceap schaap Schaf scaf stork storc (ooievaar) Storch storah storkr *sturkaz toad / paddock tadige pad (Kröte) padda Plants Modern English Old English Dutch German Old High German Old Norse Proto-Germanic Proto-Indo-European berry berie bere (M.Du.) Beere ber *basjom (*h[a]ogeh[a], *dhreghes-) leek læc look Lauch louh laukr *lauka oak ac eik Eiche eih eik *aiks (*perk[w]us) oat ate (haver) (Hafer) (hafri) (*khabran) (*h[a]ewis) reed hreod riet Riet hriot *khreudom (*nedos, *yoinis) weed weod wieden *weud Body parts Modern English Old English Dutch German Old High German Old Norse Proto-Germanic Proto-Indo-European back bæc bak (M.Du.) (Rücken) *bakam (*hepo) body bodig (lichaam) (Körper) botah (*kreps) bone ban been Bein bein *bainam (*host) brain brægen brein (Gehirn) *bragnam (*mosghos) cheek ceace kaak (Backe) *kaukon finger fingor vinger Finger fingr *fingraz (*polik[o]s) leg (shank) been Bein leggr *lagjaz (sok[w]t) liver lifer lever Leber lebara lifr *librn neck hnecca nek Nacken hnach hnakkr *khnekkon (*mono, *kolsos) shoulder sculdor schouder Schulter scultra *skuldro (*dous, homsos) skull schedel Schädel skalli toe ta teen Zehe zecha ta *taikhwo womb wamb wam Wamme wamba vomb *wambo Adjectives & Adverbs Modern English Old English Dutch German Old High German Old Norse Proto-Germanic Proto-Indo-European broad brad breed breit breiðr *braithaz dear deore duur teuer tiuri dyrr *deurjaz dim dimm deemster timber dimmr *dimbaz gray/grey græg grauw grau grao grar *grisja idle idel ijdel eitel ital narrow nearu nare (M.Du.) *narwaz shy sceoh schuw scheu sciuhen *skeukh(w)az Title, status, occupation Modern English Old English Dutch German Old High German Old Norse Proto-Germanic Proto-Indo-European bride bryd bruid Braut brut *bruthiz child cild kind Kind *kiltham king cyning koning König kuning konungr *kuninggaz (*reg) knight cniht knecht Knecht wife wif wijf Weib wib vif *wiban Construction, transports, materials & weapons Modern English Old English Dutch German Old High German Old Norse Proto-Germanic Proto-Indo-European bow (n.) boga boog Bogen bogi *bugon dam dam Damm dammr *dammaz gate geat gat Gasse gat *gatan house hus huis Haus hus *husan keel kiel Kiel kjölr *keluz keg kaggi lane lanu laan lön pack pak pakki path pæþ pad Pfad pfad *patha roof hrof roef (Dach) rof hrof *khrofaz sail segl zeil Segel segal segl *seglom sea sæ zee See sær *saiwaz ship scip schip Schiff skif skip *skipam shoe scoh schoen Schuh scuoh skor *skokhaz silver seolfor zilver silber sillabar silfr *silubra (*arg-ent) steel style staal Stahl stahal stal *stakhlijan tin tin tin Zinn zin tin *tinom weapon wæpen wapen wafen waffen vapn *wæpnan Miscellaneous Modern English Old English Dutch German Old High German Old Norse Proto-Germanic Proto-Indo-European beacon beacen baken (Leucht)bake bouhhan *baukna (W.Germ.) buy bycgan *bugjanan begin beginnan beginnen beginnen beginnan *beginnan dream droom Traum troum draumr *draugmas (W.Germ.) ? drink drincan drinken trinken trinkan drekka *drengkan drive drifan drijven treiben triban drifa *dribanan dwarf dweorh dwerg Zwerg twerg dvegr *dweraz flee fleon vlieden fliehen flöja fliohan *thleukhanan ground grund grond Grund grunt grunn *grundus ice is ijs Eis iss *isa leap hleapan lopen laufen hlaupa *khlaupan luck geluk Glück mood mod moed Mut muot moðr *motha race ræs rasen rasen ras *ræs scathe skaða schaden schaden scadon *skath shake sceacan schokken schütteln skaka *skakanan soul sawol ziel Seele seula sala *saiwalo start steortian storten stürzen sturzen *sturtjan steal stelan stelen stehlen stelan stela *stelanan steam stymen stoom *staumaz swell swellan zwellen schwellen swellan svela *swelnanan swallow swelgan zwelgen schwelgen swelahan svelgja *swelkh thing þing ding ding ding þing *thengan top top top Zopf zopf toppr *tupaz trend trendan *trandijanan wonder wundor wonder Wunder wuntar undr *wundran
2015 Rice Football Schedule
The Rice Owls will host their most extensive home football schedule since 2010 as the school and Conference USA released details of the 2015 schedule on Monday.
The Owls will host non-conference games against Wagner (September 5) and Army (October 24) in addition to C-USA matchups with Western Kentucky (October 3), Louisiana Tech (October 31), Southern Miss (November 14) and Charlotte (November 28).
"We are excited to announce our home schedule for this fall," said Joe Karlgaard , Rice's Director of Athletics, Recreation & Lifetime Fitness. "We've moved back to a balanced slate for the first time since 2010 and will host six home games at historic Rice Stadium. We can't wait for our fans to enjoy Owl football this fall in one of the great settings for college sports."
"It's always a great day when you have the actual schedule in your hands and the real work of preparing for the 2015 season can begin," head coach David Bailiff said. "I really like the fact we have six home games this year as well as the fact that 11 of the 12 games will be played in the state, which will make it easier for our families and fans to see us play in person."
The Owls have hosted five games at Rice Stadium in each of the last four years and have opened away from their home stadium in five of the last six seasons. They hosted UCLA to open the 2012 season, while they faced Texas at Reliant Stadium to kick off the 2010 campaign.
Only one of the Owls' 12 regular season contests will take them outside the state of Texas, a trip to Boca Raton, Florida on October 10 to meet FAU.
Rice's road slate opens with a September 12 date in Austin to face the University of Texas and continues following two weeks with games at North Texas on September 19 and Baylor on September 26. After the trip to Florida, the Owls' final road trips are in-state swings to UTEP (November 7) and UTSA (November 21).
This year's schedule features five 2014 bowl teams (Texas, Baylor, WKU, UTEP and Louisiana Tech) and three first-time opponents for the Owls in Wagner, WKU and Charlotte. It also renews two of their longtime series with their former Southwest Conference partners in Texas (93 meetings) and Baylor (79 games).
Rice is coming off a 30-6 win in the Hawai'i bowl over Fresno State which allowed the Owls to finish with an 8-5 record. They will carry the longest active bowl streak in Conference USA (three) into the 2015 campaign and will be looking to reach a fourth-consecutive postseason assignment for the first time in school history. Head coach David Bailiff has led the Owls to their best records over two (18-9) and three (25-15) in school history.
With the release of the 2015 schedule, the Owls will begin the renewal campaign for football season tickets on Wednesday, February 4. All-season ticket holders will be contacted about several exciting new offerings for the 2015 season.
The 2015 Conference USA alignment will feature seven teams in the East Division and six teams in the West Division. Charlotte, FIU, Florida Atlantic, Marshall, Middle Tennessee, Old Dominion and WKU comprise the East Division, while Louisiana Tech, North Texas, Rice, Southern Miss, UTEP and UTSA make up the West Division.
Each school in the West Division will play every team in its division once for five games, while playing three cross-over opponents from the opposite division. Three schools in the East Division will play every team in its division once for six games, while playing two cross-over opponents from the opposite division. Four schools in the East Division will play five opponents in its division once for five games, while playing three cross-over opponents from the opposite division. East Division schools playing five division games were randomly selected by a computer scheduling application and two intra-division matchups in the East will not take place this season (Charlotte-WKU and Middle Tennessee-Old Dominion).
The 2015 schedule has 13 playing weeks, which provides for one open date for each team. The last two seasons were 14-week schedules, providing two bye weeks per school. The 2015 schedule is again a one-year model, with Charlotte replacing UAB in the East Division.
A schedule of televised games will be released at a later date. Conference USA's national television partners are Fox Sports Media Group, CBS Sports Network and American Sports Network for regular season games. The league's 11th annual Championship Game, pitting the champions of the East and West Divisions, is scheduled for Saturday, December 5 and will be televised by ESPN or ESPN 2.
Please note that all games are subject to date changes.
The hard data on Cali's biggest water hogs may not be publicly available, but we all have eyes and a smartphone. So, as another season of “exceptional drought” descends on the West, people sick of witnessing egregious water waste in their backyard are taking to social media to vent.
#droughtshaming is blowing up. And it's shoving another of California's problems—vast income inequality—into an uncomfortable spotlight.
Advertisement
When drought shaming first started last summer, it was a state sanctioned activity. California passed a law that could fine residents up to $500 per day for wasteful activities that include hosing down driveways and overwatering lawns. (Recently, the state governor proposed to up that max daily penalty to $10,000.) Now, as the state enters its fourth year of drought, public attention has begun to shift toward some of the more obscene examples of water excess: Celebrities like Kim Kardashian and Kanye West, whose sprawling green lawns and glittering pools are literally oases in a desert, Ritz hotels that water-mist their wealthy patrons (wtf?), and certain wonderful corporations that source bottled water from drought-stricken regions.
Advertisement
In other words, the social media-fueled swell of #droughtshaming we're now bearing witness to has a decidedly class-conscious caliber to it. That shouldn't come as too much of a surprise. Water, The Guardian reports, is tied up with money in California to the point where a person's wealth can essentially be judged by the color of his lawn:
In Los Angeles, one of the most unequal cities in America, while lawns in poorer parts of town have mostly gone brown – because residents do not want to risk fines, because they do not want to pay higher bills anyway, because they may have less immediate incentive to worry about property value – lawns in hyper-wealthy places like Beverly Hills, Bel Air and Pacific Palisades are still reportedly overwhelmingly green.
Advertisement
Drought shaming alone won't solve the West's water crisis—more likely, a national action plan for tackling and adapting to water scarcity will be needed—but acknowledging the severity of the crisis and creating a culture of intolerance around water waste is an important start. As Gizmodo's Alissa Walker points out, the city of Montecito cut its water usage 48 percent after making its water data public, a move that exposed high-profile wasters including Oprah Winfrey.
Shame, we're learning, can be a powerful ally. [The Guardian]
Advertisement
BY: Follow @mchalfant16
Rep. Lee Zeldin (R., N.Y.) demanded that President Obama replace State Department Spokesman John Kirby for accusing Israel of terrorism amid increased terror attacks at the hands of Palestinians there.
"It is absolutely disgusting and shameful that the Obama administration not only refuses to stand strong with our ally in Israel, but actually has the audacity to claim that the Israelis are guilty of terrorism," Zeldin said in a statement Thursday.
Kirby on Wednesday said that Israelis are guilty of "acts of terrorism" when discussing the heightened violence in Israel, a move that Zeldin said "warrants his immediate removal." Dozens of Israelis have been wounded and at least three murdered in attacks by Palestinians and Arab-Israeli terrorists in recent days.
"Individuals on both sides of this divide are–have proven capable of, and in our view, are guilty of acts of terrorism," Kirby told reporters Wednesday.
Zeldin, a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee and co-chair of the House Republican Israel Caucus, called the Obama administration's accusation an embarrassment and an untrue statement that will only distance the United States from its "important and strategic ally."
"Admiral Kirby's accusation warrants his immediate removal. He should absolutely not utter one more word on behalf of America's foreign policy. If Secretary John Kerry refuses to speak out and discipline Mr. Kirby than Secretary Kerry needs to step aside as well," Zeldin stated.
"Innocent Israelis are being attacked and murdered by terrorists. We must stand with Israel now more than ever."
The congressman also suggested that the White House is turning a "blind eye" toward the situation in Israel and Hamas' increasing influence over the Palestinian Authority.
"This is not about the U.S. fighting Israel's battles for them," Zeldin said. "This is about the shameful, reluctance of the Obama administration to strengthen relationships with allies around the globe like Israel because of a twisted understanding of who America's friends are and who are our enemies."
In a series of terror attacks in and around Jerusalem Tuesday, Israelis were wounded and killed by Palestinian attackers using knives, guns, cars, and a meat cleaver. Hamas has celebrated the attacks.
The Republican lawmaker said that he is praying for "peace and strength" for the Israelis to overcome the violence.
Isis isn't a fan of these jeans (Picture: File)
In a move that wouldn't go down too well on the trendy streets of east London, Isis have imposed a new law to crack down on men wearing skinny jeans.
The terror group has said that it would also imprison anyone caught with music on their mobile phones, smoking, or turning up late for prayer in the state capital of Raqqa, Syria.
According to reports, skinny jeans-wearers will be jailed for 10 days, and made to take an ‘Islamic course' during their imprisonment.
And at the end of their jail time, they will be forced to take a test, with those who pass being immediately released.
But those who fail will be kept behind bars until they pass.
MORE: This 150-egg omelette is the ultimate Easter treat
Isis militants have cracked down on skinny Jeans and loud music (Picture: PA)
Reports of the new laws were revealed by anti-Isis group Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, who slammed the sanctions as ‘volatile and changeable'.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Jassem, who lives in Raqqa, told the group: ‘Isis tightens penalties and uses the principle of intimidation in dealing with public, which led to the migration and escape of many people.
‘Freedom of expression has become a crime, so you can not oppose a decision issued by the group.
‘Otherwise you will be arrested on charges of violation of God's law as its fighters claim, but they are far from this law.
‘There is no difference between Isis and Assad's regime: bribery and favouritism are widespread within the group and play a major role, especially among the local members of the group'.
Last month, Isis continued their anti-smoking campaign as they carried out a second mass cigarette burning.
In photographs taken in the northern town of Barqah, the group's religious police force can be seen torching huge piles of cigarettes in a field.
Isis also displayed anti-smoking posters featuring images of burning human lungs in a bid to prevent militants from smoking.
MORE: Why do some people just have bad breath?
by Helen Reilly, public relations coordinator, The Healing Cycle Foundation
Wendy's forty-second birthday fell on a bright, warm Monday. That afternoon, Wendy Almeida took her last breath, succumbing to her two year battle with cancer. She felt secure and loved. Friends and family gathered to celebrate with her only a day earlier. Later that week, friends and family gathered once again in Wendy's honour – this time, for a very different reason.
There is little we can be grateful for when a loved one succumbs to disease. Still, when he or she finds relief from pain in a comfortable environment so that precious time can be spent with family and friends, there are blessings to be counted. That is, essentially, what hospice palliative care provides.
Palliative care ensures patients with life-limiting illnesses, receive the care that considers a range of needs including physical, spiritual, psycho-social and practical. Palliative care is dedicated to valuing quality of life while supporting families as well. Unfortunately, there aren't enough palliative care beds available to support the number of families requiring the specialized level of care. In fact, only three in 10 patients in Ontario will get access to a palliative care bed when they need one.
The Healing Cycle Foundation, through an annual bike ride and year-round information campaign, strives to increase awareness and raise the much-needed funds to support palliative care initiatives in Ontario. The foundation recently surpassed its goal to raise $1 million for palliative care at The Credit Valley Hospital in Mississauga and has now broadened its scope to also support hospices throughout Ontario. Through a grant process, hospices are invited to apply for funding from The HealingCycle Foundation to support expenses related to practical needs as well as programs.
The Carpenter Hospice, affectionately referred to as ‘the most special home in Burlington' receives government funding for nurses and personal care workers only. All other operational costs rely on the $1.3 million raised by the hospice annually to support programs, food, and maintenance of the hospice itself.
Wendy chose to spend the final months of her life at the Carpenter Hospice. The 10 bed hospice is a 7,500 square foot bungalow nestled into a residential neighbourhood, located on the back portion of St. Steven's Church property. The residential care area is in a spacious, beautifully-decorated corridor, backing onto a forest and surrounded by gardens lovingly maintained by volunteers. It is a special place that embraces the needs of patients and their families by tending to medical necessities while supporting the spiritual, social and practical needs of patients and families.
Lesley Hirst, RN, Advanced Practical Nurse and Executive Director at the Carpenter Hospice, describes a peaceful and collaborative atmosphere where specialists, caregivers and volunteers collaborate to encourage patients and families to be partners in their care. “Our role is to give some sense of control and comfort back to the family, while managing symptoms and needs” she says.
The hospice offers patients comfort and support including bereavement groups to support families before and after a loved one passes. As well, the Carpenter Hospice is proud to offer other valuable programs such as music therapy.
Adrienne Pringle, Music Therapist helps patients and families access the emotions and words they may not otherwise find. “We value music therapy as a part of the support system at the Carpenter Hospice and we hope to expand the program if we can secure the funds to do so,” says Lesley. “Wendy really had a connection with Adrienne through music – her music gave Wendy a sense of peace,” Betty adds.
The Carpenter Hospice also hosts treatments such as massage, offered through a partnership with Trillium College. These programs made a significant difference for Wendy. Betty, who is currently undergoing treatment for cancer, says. “The Carpenter Hospice gave us peace of mind,offering wonderful care for Wendy. When we left each night, we knew she was surrounded by wonderful, compassionate caregivers,” she adds.
The essence of palliative care is to embrace the entire family. “They went out of their way to make things as close to home as possible for Wendy and especially for her two children,” says Betty. The whole family enjoyed BBQ parties and other special events in the home-like, comfortable setting making the days as normal as they could be under the circumstances.
The day before she passed away, Wendy's family celebrated in her room since she wasn't well enough to partake of festivities in the formal dining room. “The staff and volunteers made it possible for our family to celebrate each special occasion as we would have done at home.” says Betty.
When her son Grant was turning 10, the staff and volunteers at the Carpenter Hospice helped Wendy's family host a family party with cake and ice cream, balloons and snow cones (made from a staff member's personal snow cone machine brought in from home). “Being able to interact with her children in day to day family activities at the hospice was very reassuring to Wendy. Since the hospice setting is essentially a home,the children were comfortable and able to carry on with activities with Wendy as they would have done at home.
The Carpenter Hospice in Burlington is invited, along with hospices throughout Ontario to participate in The Healing Cycle Foundation's annual bike ride in June 2012 to raise funds for their own individual hospice. As well, hospices are invited to apply for financial grants through the foundation.
For more information about palliative care, the annual bike ride and to learn how your hospice can benefit from a grant, please contact Heather Campbell, executive director, The Healing Cycle Foundation at 905-820-6081 or visit www.thehealingcycle.ca.
Live. Love. Ride.
Advertisements
HOOVER, Alabama - Hoover police have one gunman in custody and are searching for a second after a man was robbed and hit in the face a short time ago.
The victim was outside his home at The Park at Wellington, formerly Ashford Townhomes, off of Tyler Road just after 7 p.m. when the two gunmen approached him as he was entering his unit, said Hoover police Capt. Gregg Rector. One of the men struck him in the face.
The assailants fled in the victim's blue Honda Civic. Officers spotted the stolen car a short distance away and a chase ensued.
The fleeing suspects crashed on Castlehill Drive off of Hackberry Lane, Rector said. The suspects fled on foot.
One of them was captured near the football field at the old Berry school. Police are still searching for a second suspect.
A helicopter is providing air support, and tracking dogs are on the ground. Vestavia Hills police are also assisting in the search.
The victim was treated for his injuries on the scene. He was not hospitalized.
The suspect in custody is 18. His name is being withheld pending formal charges. More information will be released as it becomes available.
A single underground deposit of ice on Mars contains about as much water as there is in Michigan's Lake Superior, according to new research from NASA.
The deposit rests in the mid-northern latitudes of the Red Planet, specifically in the Utopia Planitia region. Discovered by the Shallow Subsurface Radar (SHARD) instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO), the deposit is "more extensive in area than the state of New Mexico," according to a NASA press release. It ranges in thickness from about 260 feet to about 560 feet, and has a composition that's 50 to 85 percent water ice, with what appears to be dust or larger rocky particles mixed in as well.
None of the ice is exposed to the surface. At various points the dirt covering it is in between 3 and 33 feet thick. Built by the Italian Space Agency, the SHARD probes the Martian subsurface with radar waves using a 15-25 MHz frequency band.
The discovery was truly an international accomplishment. NASA began to investigate the region after Gordon Osinski, an Associate Professor of Planetary Geology at Western University in Ontario, Canada, got in touch. Professor Osinski told the American space agency how the ground-surface patterns of Upper Planitia, with notable polygonal cracking and rimless pits, reminded him of the Canadian Arctic. In the Arctic of the Great White North, these are telltale signs of ground ice. While no ground ice was found, the underwater deposits show that the two planets share geological traits.
"It's important to expand what we know about the distribution and quantity of Martian water," said MRO Deputy Project Scientist Leslie Tamppari of JPL. "We know early Mars had enough liquid water on the surface for rivers and lakes. Where did it go? Much of it left the planet from the top of the atmosphere. Other missions have been examining that process. But there's also a large quantity that is now underground ice, and we want to keep learning more about that."
Source: JPL
Hillary Clinton selected Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine as her running mate last week:
Hillary Clinton named U.S. Senator Tim Kaine as her running mate on Friday, opting for an experienced governing partner who will help her present the Democratic ticket as a steady alternative to the unpredictable campaign of Republican presidential rival Donald Trump.
That is in line with what she was expected to do, since Kaine was always considered one of the top contenders for the position. Unlike many of the others being considered for it, Kaine can plausibly claim he is prepared to be president if the need should ever arise. VP nominees typically do little or nothing to affect the final outcome of the election, and it seems unlikely that adding Kaine would do Clinton any significant harm. He is admittedly the safe and “boring” choice, but as Jonathan Bernstein points out that is a good thing:
Since there's not much of an upside with vice-presidential picks, the key is to avoid someone who creates trouble in the campaign or once elected.
Kaine's foreign policy record is mostly poor, but it includes a couple good points. Like Clinton, he is hawkish on Syria and has supported a “no-fly zone” in the past, but he has also consistently argued for Congressional approval for any military action there. Possibly the most interesting thing about Kaine related to these issues is that he is one of the few members of Congress that has taken Congressional responsibilities in matters of war seriously. There is almost no pressure to debate and vote on an authorization for the war on ISIS, which is coming up on its second anniversary next month, but whatever pressure there has been in the Senate has been largely due to Kaine's work. Daniel DePetris reviews his efforts:
On war powers, however, Kaine's record as the loudest and most hardworking advocate for congressional authority during an armed conflict will give the left some amount of comfort. In virtually every committee hearing where Syria, Iraq, or the Islamic State is a topic of discussion, Sen. Kaine reminds his colleagues that Congress has been emasculated itself and repeatedly neglected to do its most basic but solemn duty under the constitution: authorize the use of military force against foreign enemies. AUMFs have been written and submitted by Sen. Kaine's office ever since the bombing of ISIL began almost two years ago, but the Republican leadership under each instance decided not to pursue the issue. Kaine keeps trying to force his colleagues to have a debate — both for the integrity and power of Congress as an institution but also on behalf of the troops and pilots who are fighting and the American taxpayers who are funding the anti-ISIL campaign. He has failed on every single occasion, but certainly not for lack of effort.
He is a supporter of the nuclear deal with Iran, and boycotted Netanyahu's speech, but he has also repeated shameless Saudi propaganda about the war on Yemen and backed the Saudi-led war on Yemen from the start. Back in March 2015, Kaine released a statement saying this:
I support the efforts of the region, led by Saudi Arabia and a strong coalition of ten nations, to launch airstrikes to stop Houthi military advances against President Hadi's government. I strongly urge the continued provision of U.S. logistical and intelligence support to Gulf Cooperation Council-led military operations [bold mine-DL]. The United States cannot take the place of Arab partners in securing their region, and I encourage the same coordinated regional approach to address the continued threat from ISIL. We stand with the Yemeni people and will continue to support the legitimate government of Yemen and our regional partners.
Kaine is hardly alone in supporting the indefensible U.S.-backed war on Yemen, but it is worth knowing that Clinton's choice for VP has supported the U.S. backing of an unnecessary and reckless military intervention that has helped create one of the worst humanitarian disasters on earth.
This Thursday the Ravel Morrison move to Liga MX team Atlas was made official by the club. The move was surprising, ambitious and a great opportunity for Atlas to improve its squad and a massive opportunity for Ravel Morrison to revitalize his career.
The move also helps the Liga MX gain exposure around the world as the transfer featured in publications around Europe. Just recently there have been these types of moves in Mexican soccer that have progressively helped the internationalization of the league. Going back to 2015 when Tigres UANL signed the now considered best player in the Liga MX, Andre-Pierre Gignac.
Since then there had not been many of these surprising and ambitious moves until this season. Right before the Apertura 2017 kicked off, Pachuca signed Japanese international Keisuke Honda from AC Milan. This has massively helped the league grow as Pachuca games are now even being broadcast in Japan, which is a monumental step in helping the league reach a broader audience.
There are key differences with those two moves compared to the Ravel Morrison transfer. Ravel Morrison is a fantastic player with major potential that is looking to resurrect his career but Gignac and Honda were already renowned players very well respected in their respective countries.
Morrison is not in high-regard in England after some controversies in the past but many people are pulling for him to get back on track with this move. The other major difference is that Atlas is not the same caliber of a club as Pachuca or Tigres UANL and do not have the same financial backing as those clubs. Tigres is now considered the best team in the country and even in the American continent while Pachuca has always been a model of consistency of how a Liga MX club should be run.
Atlas has been considered a team that the troublemakers of Guadalajara choose to support instead of archrivals Chivas. Los Rojinegros have also not shown much success recently as the last league title for the club came in 1951. The team, like Cruz Azul, has developed into a joke or a mockery by some fans and is not considered a top club in Mexico despite having produced some excellent players from its youth academy over the years.
Los Zorros are currently fighting relegation which is the main thing to consider when further analyzing this risky and ambitious move. From a footballing perspective, the move is very risky as Atlas is currently last on the relegation table and it is unclear if Ravel Morrison will improve the squad. The fact that a team that is currently fighting to stay in the Liga MX made a move that helps the league grow showcases the potential of the internationalization of the league.
Why are stable teams that are looking to fight for the championship year in and year out opting for the South American product instead of the Ravel Morrison type of move? The Liga MX is already one of the most respected leagues on the American continent as some of the top players from South America go to the Liga MX to see if they are ready for the next level.
There are countless players throughout the top-tier league in Mexico that play for their national team. A team like Veracruz who is considered one of the weakest teams in the league has the starting goalkeeper of the Peruvian national team, Pedro Gallese. The team has already won fame on the American continent but now it is time to reach broader audiences and the moves this season of Keisuke Honda and Ravel Morrison are stepping stones for the future of the league. But other teams who do have much stronger financial backing need to be more ambitious than a team that is fighting relegation.
The current versions of the popular ad server software OpenX Source (2.8.11) and Revive Adserver (3.0.1) are vulnerable a sql injection attack which allows attackers to gain backend access. The vulnerability is actively being exploited.
The OpenX team has been informed. For Revive, I submitted a pull request with a fix.
Since Revive Adserver is the official successor to OpenX Source, I assume that there will not be an updated version of OpenX Source (after all, there wasn't one for the last vulnerability). I have created a set of patched files which fix the vulnearbility in OpenX 2.8.11: openx-2.8.11-sql-injection-patch.zip. To patch Revive Adserver, use the files from revive-3.0.1-sql-injection-patch.zip.
I recommend applying the patches immediately, since the vulnerability is actively being exploited and has been for some time now.
Update 19.12.: The revive team confirmed the vulnerability and is working on a fixed version.
Update 20.12.: The Revive team released Revive Adserver 3.0.2 which fixes the vulnerability. If possible, I recommend updating to this version as soon as possible (including users of OpenX). Thanks a lot to the team for the quick reaction!
The Revive team also suggest a quicker temporary fix for people who cannot update right away: Remove “www/delivery/axmlrpc.php” if you do not need xmlrpc delivery (most setups use different delivery methods).
Update 3.2.2014: Removing axmlrpc.php alone does not seem to be enough to fully protect an installation. dxmlrpc.php should be removed as well. Many thanks to Péter Veres for the discovery!
By the way
If you are managing an OpenX Source or Revive Adserver installation, take a look at the OpenX Maintenance Checklist or Revive Adserver Maintenance Checklist. It helps you to keep track of frequent maintenance tasks and security checks. If you sign up for an account at Checkpanel (not required) you can easily manage this checklist. You can see when you last checked each item, set reminders, work in teams and more. Checkpanel is not limited to OpenX/Revive checklists – it helps you to manage all kinds of recurring tasks (see some other samples and features).
(This article is also available in German)
We are Terrorized: Why U.S. Counterterrorism Policy Is Failing, and Why It Can't Be Easily Fixed
According to a recent poll, Americans are more pessimistic about terrorism than at any time since 9/11. The CNN/ORC survey (full results in .pdf format) asked, “Who do you think is currently winning the war on terrorism — the U.S. and its allies, neither side, nor the terrorists?” Forty percent of respondents said that the terrorists were winning, while a mere 18 percent believed that the United States and its allies were winning. After the killing of Osama Bin Laden in May 2011, just 9 percent believed the terrorists had the upper hand.
This recent poll, conducted in mid-December after the San Bernardino attacks, is hardly a fluke. Others have found U.S. fears of terrorism to be at or near all-time highs. “Although other issues — particularly economic ones — often crowded out terrorism as a topic of daily concern,” explain my Cato colleague John Mueller and co-author Mark Stewart, “terrorism has won an apparently permanent space in the American mind.”
The fact that Americans remain fearful of terrorism is surprising in several respects. Judged in purely probabilistic terms, terrorism poses a far less significant threat to human life than a host of hazards, from lightning strikes, to collisions with animals, to falling household furniture. “An American's chance of being killed by a terrorist,” note Mueller and Stewart, “has been, and remains, one in four million per year with 9/11 included in the calculation, or one in 110 million for the period since 2001.” More Americans have been killed by weather incidents in the last two weeks than have been killed by attacks by Islamist extremists on U.S. soil in the last 14 years.
There are several plausible explanations for why public sentiment doesn't track with an objective assessment of the risks of terrorism relative to other hazards.
NPR's Steve Inskeep recently asked President Barack Obama why his strategy to reassure the public about the fight against the Islamic State had failed. Obama explained that he lacked the credibility of some of his predecessors, including Dwight Eisenhower, who, despite his exalted stature, also failed to calm Americans' fears during the Cold War.
But when Obama tried to provide some useful context, it was clear that he didn't want to appear to be downplaying the terrorist threat too much. The net effect was a bit of a muddle.
“ISIL is … not the Soviet Union,” he began. “And I think that it is very important for us to understand this is a serious challenge.” He called the Islamic State “a virulent, nasty organization” that deserved to be taken seriously.
Then the president said:
But it is also important for us to keep things in perspective, and this is not an organization that can destroy the United States. … But they can hurt us, and they can hurt our people and our families. And so I understand why people are worried. The most damage they can do, though, is if they start changing how we live and what our values are, and part of my message … is to … make sure that our resilience, our values, [and] our unity are maintained.
Obama seems to appreciate that the best approach to combating terrorism is to not terrorize ourselves. But following this advice isn't easy.
Politicians worry that they will be punished for appearing to tamp down public fears — although there is little evidence that they ever are. In his book, Why Courage Matters, John McCain wrote: “Get on the damn elevator! Fly on the damn plane! Calculate the odds of being harmed by a terrorist! It's still about as likely as being swept out to sea by a tidal wave.” Such talk didn't prevent him from winning the GOP presidential nomination in 2008. Michael Bloomberg won reelection as mayor of New York after telling city residents to “Get a life.” “There are lots of threats to you in the world,” he said. “There's the threat of a heart attack for genetic reasons. You can't sit there and worry about everything.”
Still, the incentives all seem to run in the direction of threat inflation. For every Bloomberg, there are many more Kings and Grahams. And, rhetoric aside, politicians are held accountable when things go badly. When the stock market crashes, the president is blamed. So, too, when a plane crashes. The optimal number of crashes, from a purely political perspective, is zero.
On the other hand, achieving a zero-risk society defies political solutions. The only way to eliminate all deaths from plane crashes is to prohibit commercial air travel. The public thankfully would never tolerate such draconian limitations on their freedom to move about in the most rapid and economical (and safest) fashion. We therefore accept some measure of risk in our lives, and routinely scrutinize public policies aimed at reducing the likelihood of injury or premature death. If the burden seems too high relative to the gains, we demand that the restrictions be relaxed or removed. Seatbelts and airbags in cars? Ok. Riding around in bubblewrap? No thanks.
But we generally refuse to assess the costs and benefits of different counterterrorism measures. Our reactions to terrorist events that claim tens or hundreds of lives differ from other horrific events, from hurricanes to wars, which kill thousands or millions. Extreme anxiety about terrorism leads to far greater tolerance for public policies that impinge on individual liberty, even though they may or may not actually reduce our likelihood of being killed or injured by a terrorist attack.
Responsible counterterrorism policy, therefore, must not merely disrupt terror cells, impede their planning, and thwart their ability to attract new recruits; it must also tackle the fear that terrorists seek to induce.
Several years ago, Benjamin Friedman, Jim Harper, and I convened a series of discussions with leading experts on terrorism, and with current and former public officials responsible for combating it. The message that emerged from these meetings, and that informed the introduction to a collection of essays on the subject, was that “overreaction does most of the work of terrorism,” and therefore public policies should be aimed at thwarting counterproductive responses:
Instead of exalting and fearing remotely possible — or impossible — threats, the nation should address real threats steadfastly and confidently. … The alternative is more of the same: spending huge sums on dubious security measures, shedding liberties, and sacrificing American lives to attack overhyped threats.
We titled the book, Terrorizing Ourselves, with the hopeful subtitle “Why American Counterterrorism Policy Is Failing and How to Fix It.”
Today, nearly six years after that book's publication, I can say that, to the extent that public officials have attempted to put terrorism into proper context, and calm public fears of it, they have not fixed our counterterrorism policy. They might prefer to be assessed on plots disrupted, leads followed up on, and potential terrorists killed or captured. Such numbers are meaningless, however, if the public isn't reassured by them.
That doesn't mean that U.S. officials should stop trying. Terrorism achieves its ultimate objective by inducing a targeted population to change its behavior. If we cower in fear, stop traveling, or avoid public places, then the terrorists really will have won.
Christopher Preble is vice president for defense and foreign policy studies at the Cato Institute.
Photo credit: Jagz Mario
Special shoutout to freemantor and those who were in the War Room yesterday, who represented us and the New England Patriots in the SB Nation mock draft. I would also like to extend a thank you to our Tennessee Titans counterpart, Music City Miracles, for hosting the Mock Draft Forum. Armed with the 32nd, 64th, 96th, and 97th pick, the Patriots were looking to bolster their roster from the trenches, the secondary, and the receiving corps. For those who were there, you already know who the Patriots took with their picks and for those who weren't there, here's a recap.
1st (32)- The Patriots attempted to trade up to the #27 pick to the Dallas Cowboys to land Wake Forest CB Kevin Johnson, but the Cowboys elected to take the CB themselves. The Patriots then subsequently traded down from 32, landing the 43rd, 77th, and 229th picks in the draft and using the 96th pick in the process. In terms of the established value guidelines, the Patriots traded 706 points of value for 684 points of value in return. An immeasurable value from the trade is the Patriots already owned the 97th pick of the draft, so it doesn't affect their draft board too much.
2nd (43)- Eric Rowe, CB, Utah
Rowe was initially a three year starter at the free safety position until the Utes CB depth was decimated with Keith McGill declaring early for the draft and being selected by the Oakland Raiders. That forced them to move the 6'1" 200 Rowe to the CB position, where he found a home and had an impressive season despite having to learn the position on the fly. In terms of overall athleticism, Rowe clocked in a 4.45 40 with 10 and 20 splits of 1.56 and 2.61 respectively. In addition to the 40, he posted a 3.97 5-10-5 shuttle and 6.70 3-cone. Belichick loves his CBs to have subbed 6.8 3-cone times if possible. Rowe still has a lot to learn about playing CB, but the physical gifts are there. Rowe is a player who I project to be the #4 CB on the depth chart and a core special teamer at the start of the season with the opportunity to phase into a larger role by the end of the season.
2nd (64)- Carl Davis, DT, Iowa
Carl Davis is a two year starter at defensive tackle, and is known more as a penetrator than a gap controller. At 6'5" 320 with 34 5/8" arms, Davis has the length to disrupt both the run and pass game from the interior. Davis posted a 10 split of 1.73 with a shuttle of 4.44. At 320 lbs, that's very impressive athletically and his athletic prowess may be unrivaled by any other defensive tackle prospect on a per-pound basis. What keeps Davis from being a top 20 pick is questions about his motor when he's not in the play and showing less effort when playing more snaps. The Patriots could form a rotation with Dominique Easley and Carl Davis at the 3-tech position in order to maximize the productivity of both players. Davis' coach at Iowa, Kirk Ferentz, was a former assistant of Bill Belichick when BB was in Cleveland, so naturally Davis will be linked to the Patriots on Draft Day.
3rd (77)- Xavier Cooper, DT, Washington State
The Patriots didn't plan on double-dipping at the position, but after Minnesota took Cedric Ogbuehi with the 76th pick the Patriots opted for best value available. Cooper is much quicker than Davis as a penetrator, but he sacrifices a lot of length relative to Davis. Boasting a 1.68 10-split (you're getting into LB territory) and a 4.37 shuttle, Cooper is much more athletic than most interior offensive lineman. It's unlikely that both Cooper and Davis will be active the same week if Dominique Easley is healthy, because the Patriots typically only use 4 DTs on Game Day barring a very special Game Plan. In 2016, the Patriots could utilize a rotation of Cooper, Easley, and Davis inside and draft a space eater late in the draft this year or next year.
3rd (97)- Ameer Abdullah, RB, Nebraska
While the Patriots have two pass catching RBs already on the roster, the value for taking Abdullah at the end of the third round was too much to ignore. His shiftiness and elusiveness is deadly in the open field and is a candidate for return duty as both a kick and punt returner. There are concerns about his size and ability to pass protect, but that is not a very large concern for the Patriots. Over the years the Patriots have utilized multiple 3rd down backs, but the one constant that remains is Coach Ivan Fears. Fears should be able to help Abdullah develop his pass protection skills and a season in an NFL strength and conditioning program will help him become better fit for the pro game. Abdullah boasts a 3.95 shuttle and 6.79 3-cone, which is Julian Edelman territory. Once Abdullah figures out the playbook, he will become a big time weapon out of the backfield for Tom Brady (and perhaps Jimmy Garoppolo?) to torment defenses with.
End result is the Patriots taken a potential future #1 CB, two of the draft's most athletic defensive tackle prospects, and arguably the draft's best 3rd down back. None of these guys should be expected to be major contributors early on unless injuries or accelerated development puts them in the lineup. Three of the four can be major factors on special teams, even if they don't get in the regular lineup. The Patriots still have IOL issues to work out, but the Patriots historically address that need in the 4th round or later.
MISFAT AL-ARBIYEEN, Oman - In the dry heights of the Ad-Dakhiliyah region, not far from Nizwa, the old capital of Oman, fresh water runs through traditional streams. Archaeological evidence suggests they were carved out around 2500 BC, in order to irrigate mountainous farmlands.
'Before me, my father and my grandfather also worked on this land' -Maleek Khaled al-Abri, farmer
Maleek Khaled al-Abri, 40, is working hard on the land where he grows palm, banana and lemon trees. With his back bent forward, his hands are busy in the dirt as water flows by his feet and feeds his small plot of land.
"Before me, my father and my grandfather also worked on this land. My children study and come to help on the weekends, but I do not think that they will perpetuate the tradition," Abri told MEE.
Maleek Khaled al-Abri, 40, poses in his farm in Misfat Al Abriyeen (MEE/ Sebastian Castelier)
Water is a precious resource in Oman, which is dry and hot throughout the year. To manage the supply of water, Omani farmers created the aflaj irrigation system.
By using gravity, the system channels water from underground water sources in the mountains. The water then flows through the village's farms to irrigate the land, often over many kilometres. The precious resource is also used for drinking and domestic work.
'More than 30 percent of the total number of aflaj are dried up now' - Abdullah al-Ghafri, director of the Aflaj Research Unit at Nizwa University
Following a strict schedule, old rags that are held down by stones called sarjra are used to open and close the irrigation channels.
But the aflaj are increasingly drying up due to the excessive pumping of groundwater, the shrinking of agricultural land as more resorts and hotels stand tall in the area, and younger generations prefer to move to the city in search of work. Less and fewer children are following in their fathers' paths and tending to the aflaj and the farms.
"More than 30 percent of the total number of aflaj are dried up now,” Abdullah al-Ghafri, director of the Aflaj Research Unit at Nizwa University, told MEE.
“New generations do not have the interest to learn traditional techniques. Urbanisation is another major threat, as the share of land used for agriculture is shrinking," he added.
Water running through a falaj in Misfat Al Abriyeen village in Oman (MEE/ Sebastian Castelier)
Many local tribesmen who had managed the aflaj have already passed away, taking with them the secrets of the trade.
"The main problem is the loss of the people with experience; many old people whose expertise passed away with them before we documented their knowledge,” Ghafri said.
'Before it was full of farmers and well-kept plantations. Now, with hotels, tourism, and companies in the cities, not many people still make a living in the farms' - Suleiman bin Brek Riyami, wakil
In 2006, UNESCO recognised five aflaj as world heritage sites. Aflaj, is the plural of falaj, which in Arabic means to divide into shares.
For centuries, the irrigation time for each farm was calculated by using the sun and the stars.
Zahor bin Suleiman, 48, is a farmer and owner of a plot of land in the village of Misfat al-Abriyeen, near Nizwa city. He remembers how his father always knew it was time to irrigate his land, half a century ago.
"At night, when a star aligned with our heap of rocks, we had the right to irrigate until the time when the star was no longer aligned," Suleiman said as he pointed to a heap of stones piled on a distant hill.
Wakil, judge of water
Watches, which were expensive in Oman at that time, were only given to wakils, Omani judges in charge of the overall administration of the Aflaj.
Suleiman Bin Brek Riyami, 70, wakil or judge of water, sits next to a falaj near Nizwa city (MEE/ Sebastian Castelier)
They are "in charge of the distribution of water, water fees, budgeting for the aflaj, solving water-related conflicts between farmers, emergencies, and other decisions related to the aflaj," Ghafri explained.
Not far from the Antara Jabal al-Akhdar resort and its luxurious hotels that cater to tourists, Suleiman bin Brek Riyami, 70, stands in an old, crumbling village.
Being a wakil for more than 40 years, he wears the traditional white dishdasha and moves with agility between the dried up aflaj.
He explained that timeshares for irrigation were sold to families starting from half-an-hour a day. According to Riyami, a farmer could purchase upfront the right for a lifetime of irrigation for a fee of 1500 Omani Riyals (US$3,900). This would give him one hour of water for 10 days a month, every year.
'The aflaj system is more than a simple structure of irrigation, it provides stability, justice and equality in the community' - Abdullah al-Ghafri, Director of the Aflaj Research Unit at Nizwa University
In case of drought, additional hours could be arranged and farmers who did not use up their share of water could then sell it. The aflaj system was sustained by the people without any interference from the government for centuries.
"In case of conflicts, either the wakil or the owners can complain to the sheikh [community leader]. If the sheikh could not solve the problem, then the wakil or the owners would call for an audit committee to check the income and outcome of the aflaj cash flow. This committee normally consists of three or four trustees from the village," Ghafri said.
The financial benefits of the aflaj system are often invested into the community, to maintain village mosques and schools and help poor families and orphans.
According to Ghafri, the aflaj system is more than a simple structure of irrigation - it provides stability, justice, and equality in the community. The government has been exerting efforts to issue legislation to protect the remaining aflaj that farmers depend on and raise awarenesss regarding its importance.
Threats to the tradition
"Before it was full of farmers and well-kept plantations. Now, with hotels, tourism, and companies in the cities, not many people still make a living in the farms. It is sad, because we could always get a good income from the plantations," said Riyami, looking wistfully at the abandoned lands and aflaj that are filled with dead leaves.
The sun sets over the mountains in Misfat Al Abriyeen village in Oman (MEE/ Sebastian Castelier)
Wakils and farmers do not see their children following in their footsteps and learning the traditional trade.
This also goes for Abri 's son, who is studying at Sultan Qaboos University in the capital Muscat and sees his future there.
"I learnt the job from my father and my grandfather, but my son and grandson will do something else. This tradition could disappear," Abri said, sighing.
— An art teacher at South Hills High School is the latest of five employees to be investigated by the Covina-Valley Unified School District after sexual comments he reportedly posted on social media.
Sean Patrick Kane wrote the profanity-laden comments on his Facebook page in relation to the arrests of two female colleagues who are accused of having sex with male students.
Teachers Melody Lippert and Michelle Ghirelli were arrested over the weekend. The women allegedly had sex with two students, ages 17 and 18, during non-school sponsored beach camping trips late last year.
Lippert was arrested for conspiracy and contributing to the delinquency of a minor. Ghirelli was booked for oral copulation and unlawful sex with a minor. They have been placed on administrative leave.
Kane's comments allegedly condone teachers having sex with students.
He wrote that the boys should have kept their “…stupid mouths shut and enjoyed it.”
Kane, a teacher in the district since 2001, has been placed on administrative. District officials say they don't believe his Facebook account was hacked.
“It is under investigation, but it does appear this is his Facebook post,” spokesperson Michelle Van Der Liden said.
Some Kane's students are coming to his defense.
“He's a genuine guy who talks passionately about whatever he wants to talk about,” said Stacy Martinez.
The CVUSD is also looking at wrestling coach Anthony Vidales who was arrested on suspicion of inappropriate conduct with a 17-year-old student.
Earlier this week, a former student filed a lawsuit against art teacher Scott Straygur alleging that he was attacked while in class in March 2014.
The teacher, who was reprimanded and is now back at work, reportedly pulled the student's hair and shook his head and neck violently during the confrontation.
“You're just at a loss for words… just fix it,” said parent Deborah Ikpa.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: We end today's show by remembering the renowned Honduran environmental activist Berta Cáceres, who was assassinated a year ago in her home in La Esperanza, Honduras, just before midnight, March 2nd, 2016. Berta Cáceres was the co-founder of COPINH, the Civic Council of Popular and Indigenous Organizations of Honduras. In 2015, she won the prestigious Goldman Environmental Prize for her decade-long fight against the Agua Zarca Dam, a project planned along a river sacred to the indigenous Lenca people.
On Thursday, hundreds rallied outside the Honduran Supreme Court building to demand justice for Berta Cáceres and for the license of the company behind the Agua Zarca Dam to be revoked. Eight men have been arrested as suspects in Berta's killing, including one active army major and two retired military members. Two of the suspects reportedly received military training in the United States. Also Thursday, here in Washington, D.C., Georgia Congressman Hank Johnson reintroduced the Berta Cáceres Human Rights in Honduras Act, which seeks to withhold U.S. military aid to Honduras until the Honduran government addresses human rights violations by its police and security forces.
We're turning now to a new investigation that reveals further ties between Berta Cáceres's killing, Honduran military intelligence and the United States. Joining us from London is Nina Lakhani, a freelance journalist who's been based in Mexico and Central America for the last four years. Her piece in The Guardian is headlined “Berta Cáceres court papers show murder suspects' links to US-trained elite troops.”
Nina, welcome to Democracy Now! What are those links?
NINA LAKHANI: So, the U.S., over the last decade or so, has really focused a lot of its military training in Central America on special forces. And we know that, over a period of, I think, five years, 2004 to—sorry, 2008 to 2014, the U.S. went 21 times to Honduras to train their special forces. Two of the military men who have been charged with her murder and the attempted murder of Gustavo Castro were special forces. So, Major Mariano Díaz, who was—he is a veteran special forces officer, at least seven years, according to his military records, and also Henry Hernández, Sergeant Henry Hernández, who had left the military in 2013, but he was special forces, three years in the special forces, and worked under the direct command of Major Díaz.
AMY GOODMAN: And what about Douglas Giovanny Bustillo?
NINA LAKHANI: Bustillo, he did—he did receive some training. Just before—you know, as a cadet, I believe. Just before he finished his initial military training, both him and Diaz, who went into the military together, both went to the U.S. to receive training courses. Bustillo was—you know, he did some early training in the School of Americas, I think, back in 1997, it was.
AMY GOODMAN: So talk about the evidence that you've seen, from text messages to phone calls. And if you can recreate for us what you think took place?
NINA LAKHANI: So, the evidence really points to, I think, you know, a very well-planned military operation, really, that took place that night. What we know from witnesses is that there is a police and military checkpoint as you come into Esperanza. And that night, many witnesses have told me and other investigators that there was no one there that night. There was no one at the base that night. We know from phone records and we know from testimony that Hernández and Bustillo, who knew each other from working in private security, so they, in the months leading up to Berta's assassination, had been working together in private security. We know that they were in La Esperanza at least three times in the weeks leading up to her murder. And so, the way that the—at least four people were there that night. Hernández admits to being there. And at least three other civilians, who are under—who have been accused of the murder, are placed at her house because of telephone analysis.
They went in. They knew what they were doing. They knew where they were going. You know, all the evidence points to that the house, inside and out, had been under surveillance, you know, that they'd been there several times. Her house was sort of set back from the main gate. You know, it was a guarded entrance. It was a private community. There was a guard there that night who—you know, it's very likely they had communication with him—I've met with him before—because they came in. It was very dark. It's an isolated place. They went in. They knew where the door was. They knew where she would be sleeping. So, the evidence points to that, you know, her house and the area surrounding it had been surveyed, had been studied beforehand, you know. And all of that points to, you know, really like a military-type operation. Hernández is the one military person that, you know, is placed there that night. Like I say, he was special forces. He had worked under Díaz. And he was a highly—you know, he had been a decorated sniper, you know? It's not clear whether he pulled the trigger that night at all, but it would appear that he was in charge of the operation on the night.
AMY GOODMAN: And why would they want—
NINA LAKHANI: But he was—you know, he's a very—he's a low-level—he was a low-level military officer, like I say, and he rose to the rank of sergeant. And, for example—
AMY GOODMAN: Nina, why would they want—why would they want Berta Cáceres dead, in this last minute we have?
NINA LAKHANI: I don't think the people under arrest probably did. You know, I don't—you know, she was—the context of Berta's death, you know, that she was the most well-known activist, not only in Honduras, but probably in the Americas, at the time of her murder, you know? None of the individuals who are under arrest, none of the eight, had anything personal to gain from her being killed. And the idea that someone of her—you know, someone as celebrated as her could be murdered without at least the implicit knowledge of people higher up in the armed forces or even the government and the company, I think, is highly improbable. No one in that—none of the eight who are under arrest had anything personal to gain.
AMY GOODMAN: But the government? And has the U.S. been held accountable?
NINA LAKHANI: No, I mean, I think—you know, I think the U.S. wouldn't—I don't think the U.S. government would—you know, they wouldn't admit bearing any responsibility to Berta's assassination. You know, I think it's important to remember, I interviewed her in 2013 just around the elections, and she was publicly denouncing the fact that she had been told and had been made aware that her name appeared at the top of a military hit list, in which I think there were 16 other—she was one of 16 activists. She was telling people [inaudible]. You know, she publicly denies—I looked into that at the time, and I—
AMY GOODMAN: We're going to continue this conversation after the broadcast, and we'll post it online. Nina Lakhani, thanks so much for joining us.
We say a big farewell this week to one of our favorite shows, The Legend of Korra, which ends after four seasons with a huge, mecha-filled battle. Plus, Syfy introduces its new miniseries, Ascension, set 50 years after JFK launches a generation ship into space. Get sneak peeks at the rest of this week's TV right here!
Top image: Ascension promo artwork by Alex Brady.
Tonight
Ascension (9 PM, Syfy)
Syfy's latest miniseries asks the question: what if a generation ship left Earth in the 1960s? Fifty years after JFK sent a ship into space to preserve humanity in the event of a nuclear war, Ascension experiences its first murder. While the crew of the ship starts to question Ascension's mission, we get to see Battlestar Galactica's Tricia Helfer in cool 1960s fashions.
Scorpion (9 PM, CBS)
How do the super geniuses celebrate the holidays? By working to save a boy trapped in a beach cave who is in imminent danger of drowning. Festive.
Advertisement
Tuesday
Elf: Buddy's Musical Christmas (8 PM, NBC)
Jim Parsons of The Big Bang Theory takes on Will Ferrell's role in the animated adaptation of the Broadway musical adaptation of the Elf film. (It's adaptation telephone.) But hey, at least Ed Asner still voices Santa Claus.
Advertisement
Ascension (9 PM, Syfy)
Naturally, we don't have a lot of details about night two of Ascension, but rumor has it, we'll see the fallout from a major twist.
Person of Interest (10 PM, CBS)
What happens on a day without crime in New York City? Samaritan takes control of the city in order to force the Machine out of hiding.
Advertisement
Wednesday
The 100 (9 PM, The CW)
Finn will have to deal with his crimes after Clarke returns to Camp Jaha, while we learn about his relationship with Raven in a flashback aboard the Ark.
Advertisement
Ascension (9 PM, Syfy)
The three-night event comes to a close. Hopefully, it will leave us all satisfied and basking in the retrofuturistic glow.
American Horror Story: Freak Show (10 PM, FX)
Elsa tells us the history of the freak show, while Pepper has a troubling reaction to the death of a performer and Debbie grows suspicious of Maggie.
Advertisement
Thursday
The Almighty Johnsons (11 PM, Syfy)
It's the day of Gaia's 21st birthday. Which goddess path will she end up traveling?
Advertisement
Friday
The Legend of Korra (Streaming, Nick.com; 10 PM, Nicktoons)
Aaaaaaaaaaahh! The final two episodes of Korra, ever, air Friday. What will happen when Korra faces off against Kuvira? What will happen to the Earth Kingdom/Empire? How will we survive without the Avatar universe in our lives?
Advertisement
Saturday
Atlantis (9 PM, BBC America)
The mid-season finale finds Jason engaging with some of the most enigmatic figures of Greek mythology:
Ariadne is close to death and Jason's guilt is almost too much to bear. He becomes determined do all he can to save her and leaves on a dangerous quest into the unknown. Following an encounter with the ancient Grey Sisters, his mission sees him coming full circle, bringing him face to face with Medea and Pasiphae again.
Advertisement
Sunday
The Librarians (8 PM, TNT)
Of course, in the world of The Librarians, Santa is real and the Serpent Brotherhood wants to kill him. But in rescuing Santa, the Librarians will have to discover the true, secret nature of Christmas.
CONTRACTORS have been unable to mend the Scottish Parliament's new £280,000 electronic voting system after it crashed last week.
Officials blamed a software glitch but warned it would take at least two weeks to carry out permanent repairs.
Meanwhile, a temporary fix has been put in place and MSPs have been issued with special instructions on where they must sit and how to operate the system for today's business.
Only yesterday the parliament said it was confident it would be “business as usual” today. One MSP branded the new system “not fit for purpose” and called for the cross-party Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body to explain why it had spent so much money on it.
Last week's crash became obvious when a Labour motion appeared to win against the SNP, despite the Nationalists having a clear majority in Parliament.
The traditional technological advice of turning the machines off and on again did not appear to work, prompting Presiding Officer Tricia Marwick to cancel the session.
Contractors were called in but have not yet been able to sort the problem properly, forcing today's makeshift arrangements.
Normally, MSPs are free to choose any seat in the debating chamber, but because of the software problem they were today being issued with seating plans and allocated a specific desk. Duplicates of each MSP's electronic ID and voting card were already inserted into the consoles. And they were warned they must not remove the cards and must sit in their allocated seat when it comes to voting time.
The new touchscreen voting system was installed during the summer recess after the parliament said the previous consoles and microphones had reached the end of their useful life.
In an e-mail to MSPs, clerk team leader Susan Duffy said the problem with the voting system had been caused by a glitch in the system's software.
She said: “The software contractor will install a modified version of the software at their own cost to ensure there is no repeat of this incident.
“In the meantime we have put in place a ‘work-around' to ensure the electronic voting system will be operational this week. For the next couple of weeks, until the software has been modified, members are being asked to sit in a designated seat.
“A seating plan will be issued through business managers, members' names will be shown on each desk in the chamber and duplicate cards will be inserted into each console.”
The e-mail added: “Please note it is very important that you do not remove these cards.
“All members must sit in their designated seats at decision time.”
One MSP, who asked not to be named, said: “This was meant to be a state-of-the-art system specially tailored to our needs.
“The corporate body has to say why they decided to spend over a quarter of a million pounds on a system that clearly is not fit for purpose.”
iswanson@edinburghnews.com
Sydney siege inquest: Bail of gunman Man Haron Monis to be explored as inquest resumes
Updated
The bail of Lindt Cafe gunman Man Haron Monis will be under the spotlight when the inquest into the Sydney siege resumes today.
The two-week-long segment of the inquest will also investigate the issues of terrorism, guns and the relationship Monis, 50, had with the community and cultural groups.
The inquest has previously heard the Iranian-born asylum seeker took staff and customers at the Lindt Cafe in Martin Place hostage on December 15, 2014, telling them "this is an attack, I have a bomb".
The siege ended about 17 hours later when Monis forced cafe manager Tori Johnson, 34, to kneel, before shooting him in the head with a sawn-off shotgun.
Officers from the Police Tactical Operations Unit stormed the cafe and shot and killed Monis.
At least two police bullets or bullet fragments hit Monis in the head and 11 other bullets of fragments hit his body.
Hostage Katrina Dawson, 38, was also killed when she was struck by six fragments of a police bullet or bullets, which ricocheted from the cafe's marble walls into her body.
Monis was on bail at time of siege
In the years leading up to his siege on the Lindt Cafe, Monis was bailed on several occasions for 43 charges of sexual assault, and being an accessory to the murder of his ex-wife.
In June, State Coroner Michael Barnes ruled that it was in the public interest for the inquest to examine the reasons why Monis was allowed to walk free on bail for such serious crimes.
"It is relevant and not too remote for an inquest to inquire into whether a person charged with numerous offences of violence was appropriately released on bail, if soon after that release, he is involved in further violent offences resulting in deaths," he said in his judgement.
"In both cases the decision makers are required to assess whether the person to be discharged/released is likely to harm others.
"When such harm ensures it is reasonable to review the basis on which the decision to release the person was made."
But the NSW Director of Public Prosecutions last week successfully applied to have dozens of documents and emails relating to the gunman's bail withheld from the inquest.
At a preliminary hearing in Sydney last week, Counsel for the DPP, David Buchanan, argued that the documents should be excluded from the scope of the inquest because they related to legal proceedings against Monis and that implied confidentiality.
"They are the subject of legal professional privilege," he said.
"It is so obvious that the communications in the documents were made by the DPP for the purpose of proceedings against ... Mr Monis."
An unsuppressed excerpt from one of those documents, an email from NSW Police Force Homicide Commander Mick Willing to his superior Assistant Commissioner Mark Jenkins, was read out at the hearing.
In the email, Commander Willing criticised the DPP's handling of Monis's case after the gunman was released on bail on a charge of being an accessory to murder in December 2013.
"Boss, it's a disappointing decision, that's for sure," he wrote.
"Dicko [Detective Inspector Jason Dickinson] advises me that the DPP solicitor was terrible and clearly was not across the brief."
DPP 'dragging feet': assisting counsel
The application to suppress the documents prompted an extraordinary outburst from counsel assisting the inquest, Jeremy Gormly, who accused the DPP of "ambushing" and "damaging" the progress of the inquest.
"The DPP have been dragging their feet on statements, dragging their feet on cooperation," Mr Gormly told last week's hearing.
"It is unacceptable to hear from the DPP that they have cooperated in every way."
Despite these documents being withheld from the inquest, the coronial investigation will still examine the reasons why Monis was granted bail, whether prosecuting authorities responded appropriately to his bail applications, and whether Monis's release on bail was causally linked to the siege.
The issue of terrorism and Monis's associations with terrorist groups will also be examined, including Monis's claims that the Lindt Cafe siege was an attack on Australia by Islamic State.
Senior officers within the NSW Police Force, solicitors from the Office of the Director of Public Prosecutions and other experts are expected to appear before the inquest.
Topics: crime, courts-and-trials, sydney-2000
First posted
The UK government has forecast that the policy of ‘Austerity' will last until 2018. Children born at the crash of Lehman Brothers, signalling the Financial Crisis in 2008, will spend the first decade of their lives in Austerity Britain. Today we look at the real cost of this decade on our young people.
Trouble at Home
When we talk about the impact of benefit cuts, we often look at things from the adult's point of view. But forget that children live in the households suffering the cuts to social security made by UK and European governments, and they will feel the pain too. There are currently 3.6m children living in poverty in the UK, and a lot more are about to join them.
In the Autumn Statement last year, the government took a step to deliberately make the poorest poorer. Jobseekers Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance and Income Support were capped at 1% rise for the next three years. As inflation is currently running at 2.7%, this means we are cutting social security payments in real terms for the next three years. The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) said:
“Because the proposed…changes apply to almost all benefits and tax credits, both in-work and out-of-work households are affected. Of 2.8 million workless households of working age, 2.5 million will see their entitlements reduced, by an average of about £215 per year in 2015 –16. Of 14.1 million working-age households with someone in work, 7.0 million will see their entitlements reduced, by an average of about £165 per year. Note that this figure includes 3.0 million families who lose only from the cuts to Child Benefit, at an average of about £75 per year (monetary amounts are in current prices).”
Some might argue that this is some sort of tough love, designed to get those parents into work to the ultimate benefit of the children. I personally do not subscribe to this view, but even if you do, The Resolution Foundation also reported that 60% of these cuts will fall on families in work, whilst 40% fall on families where the legal guardians do not work. Resolution Foundation Chief Executive Gavin Kelly said:
“It's completely wrong to say (the benefit cap) was all about helping so-called strivers. The OBR [Office of Budget Responsibility] confirmed they expect to see another year of falling wages, stretching into the middle of 2014.”
The government also announced plans to cut Housing Benefit for the Under 25's. This operates the assumption that Under 25's who cannot afford a home due to disability, unemployment, sickness or the sheer lack of jobs can go back to the parental home. But what if there is no parental home? What if the parental home is abusive? What if the parental home is broke? Answer came there none.
The 1% cap on social security alone cast 200,000 children into poverty. But additional measures, such as the Bedroom Tax, the cuts to Council Tax Benefit and cuts to Child Tax credits, will see 600,000 more join them within the next five years.
A recent study by Save the Children revealed some truly worrying statistics:
One in eight of the UKs the poorest children are going without hot meals
15% of children living in poverty go without new shoes when they outgrow their old ones
14% go without a winter coat
25% of children living in poverty reported that they only ask their parents for what they need and 15% had given up asking altogether in the knowledge they would put their parents under useless pressure
25% were missing out on schools trips because their parents cannot afford them
29% can't have their friends round for tea because their parents cannot afford it.
80% of parents are using debt to fund essentials.
This, from a country with one of the highest GDPs in the world. The wealth is not trickling down; it is exploding up like some kind of geyser fitted with a no return valve. We can no longer house, feed and clothe all of our children. They are growing up in un heated homes, without the essentials by strung out, stressed out parents.
Jobless Generation
Unemployment is shot up to 2.52 million in UK (7.8%), with a rise of 192,000 in December and January, the largest rises since the depths of the credit crunch in 2009. However, the jobs crisis is hitting young people disproportionately hard. Youth unemployment in the UK rose by 5% in the last three months, even by the government's largely watered down numbers. There are now just shy of 1 million (21.1%) 16-24 year olds out of work that is one in four of all young people in the country.
On top of this, there is a pool of young people not in education, training, or employment which now numbers 893,000. Whilst the overall figure is of NEETs is lower than 2011 for 16-24 year olds, the figures for 18 year olds has actually worsened, from 90,000 in 2010 to 92,000 this year. This could suggest some children are either staying on in A-Levels, or going to University simply to avoid unemployment.
Those young people who do aspire to University are now being saddled with up to £9,000 a year in debt, whilst the MPs who passed the legislation for this went to University for free. Some might point to the 15,000 drops in applications as the negative outcome of this policy. However, it should be more concerning that, given the utter lack of jobs, training or apprenticeships available, young people will simply opt in to University and £30k of debt to have something to do. This effectively transfers the cost of unemployment from the State, to the individual.
This is also part of wider marketisation of education, where student are treated like consumers seeking maximum profit outcomes for their expenditure. This fundamentally changes the way we view the University, from a place of learning, creativity and critical thinking – to a conveyor belt of future employees for the workforce. We are turning our Universities into factories producing people shaped widgets to fit into the world as it is, when they should be the fertile pastures growing the ideas, technologies, sciences, arts, agriculture, economies and societies of tomorrow.
A group of Britain leading academics and thinkers, including Alan Bennett, Sir David Attenborough, Richard Dawkins, Sir Andrew Motion, Booker prize-winner Dame AS Byatt, playwright Michael Frayn and astronomer royal Lord Rees recently founded the Council for the Defence of British Universities. Speaking of the marketisation issue, historian and former British Academy president Sir Keith Thomas said “the very purpose of the university” was being “grossly distorted by the attempt to create a market in higher education”.
The policy has also seen the state shift the burden of paying for our children's education from the State (a taxpayer funded subsidy for our future), onto the Universities and the students themselves. When it introduced the trebled tuition fees, the government withdrew state funding meaning a net loss of 12% in overall funding. Teaching and research funding fell by 4% and capital funds were cut by more than half. The subsequent increasing outsourcing of services at Universities has also been rampant.
More than half of the country's universities are poised to increase their tuition fees next year, increasing the burden further.
In fairness, the students have hardly taken this lying down. The student protests of 2010 in response to the tuition fees saw tens of thousands of students taking to the streets, week after week, in the capital and elsewhere.
However, the students effectively marched alone. There was not a widespread reaction to support our young people. Daily Mail, the Guardian, the BBC and Channel 4 news headlines all portrayed the protests as violent. The majority swallowed the propaganda whole, arguing with the government that these feckless, violent youths should be paying their way. We were more concerned with burning dustbins, than a bonfire of a generation's aspirations.
These are the choices we are leaving our young people, whilst condemning them for any demonstration of their anger, their upset and their frustration at the bum deal they've been given.
The Children Are Our Future
It is bad enough that we have created a lost generation in Britain, but it is worse that we have created the same across Europe and North America too.
In a 2012 report, the EU agency Eurofund said Eurozone countries that have received international loans—plus Italy, which hasn't—are creating a huge class of poorly-educated and poorly-fed young people with low morale and few job prospects. The cost in welfare and lost productivity was already costing Europe 153bn Euros every year, but there were bigger prices to pay for this total abandon of our young people.
The OECD has stated unambiguously that Europe as a whole is ‘failing to meet its social contract' in its treatment of young people, with political disenfranchisement reaching levels equivalent to those which ignited the Arab Spring. They warn:
“The consequences of a lost generation are not merely economic but are societal, with the risk of young people opting out of democratic participation in society.”
Global charity Caritas goes one step further, stating:
“This could be a recipe not just for one lost generation in Europe but for several lost generations,”
One in ten young people in Greece, Ireland, Portugal, Italy and Spain are now in, or on the brink of poverty. Greece's youth unemployment has hit 60%; Spain's just hit a record 55% last month and Italy coming close to 40%. This has been the result of so-called Austerity, the policy which seeks to reduce public spending on public good and divert it into tax payer subsidies for private interests, and it is our children who are paying the price.
This same ruthless short-termism that saw City millionaires bankrupt their own banks for a bonus is behind this devastation of our young people. This policy does not answer the question: where exactly are the next scientists, artists, engineers, political thinkers, philosophers, economists, carers and teachers going to come from? It just says: we can't afford to invest in them now, whilst we can afford tax cuts for the richest, tax cuts for corporations, and the permission of egregious tax avoidance by our largest companies. Austerity is the policy of ‘jam tomorrow'. But continue as we are and this will only be the human traffic jam, queuing outside the job centre – full of young people who never stood a chance.
Take Action
The next time there is a student protest. Join it. Tell your friends to join it and bring it up in conversation. Oppose austerity. Simply refuse to buy in to the mistruths, false dilemmas and outright lies that make austerity our only option. The Council for the Defence of British Universities – check them out and see how you can support. Occupy Student Debt Campaign – this US Occupy movement is making waves and making a difference. This should inspire us to do the same. Be lovely! Just be lovely, talk to young people like you were one once, understand the pain they are in and do what you can personally in your circle to inspire, support and nurture our young ones! If you are a young person, be honest about your circumstances and keep fighting and building for a better tomorrow, for yourself and the world.
Mike Friestleben, right, was recently named inspector of the Minneapolis Police Fourth Precinct. Here, he talks with Yolanda Pierce, second from left, last fall about three separate incidents where shots were fired at her house.
"Could Ferguson happen here?"
That was the theme of the regularly scheduled meeting of the Minneapolis Police Fourth Precinct Advisory Council. Demonstrators and others have asked that same question. The precinct's new inspector Mike Friestleben tried to answer it Tuesday night.
"It can happen anywhere," Friestleben told a gathering of neighborhood block leaders and residents.
The lack of charges in the shooting of an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, Missouri, last year brought protests here and around the country. But it's also kindled smaller, quieter discussions about police-community relations, including the one Tuesday at the Fourth Precinct, that offer hope of easing tensions between officer and people of color.
September 2014: A firsthand look at policing in Minneapolis
Friestleben, who is white and grew up on Minneapolis' North Side, has spent most of his nearly 27-year career patrolling its streets. He says he knows how to tamp down the tension. Officers need to get out of their cars and residents need to get out of their homes so they can meet and get to know each other.
"So you can shake their hands. So when you see them in a patrol car you know them, they know you. They learn to meet your kids. So kids are not afraid of police. That's what we need."
Some at the Tuesday meeting said building those relationships will be hard, especially for African-Americans who feel like they've been unfairly targeted by police officers.
Barbara Freeman said her 51-year-old son has faced repeated harassment from cops. She saw one incident right outside his house.
"When a squad car pulled up — came to the alley — got out and asked him 'Why are you sitting out here?' I mean, this is his house. He's not a teenager. And he tried to explain. They went on up in the house with him. Next thing we know he was arrested."
Bobbi McGee and Caitlin Gregg Brandt Williams / MPR News
Friestleben says the vast majority of Minneapolis cops do a good job every day, but there are a few who don't.
The department is working on an intervention system to flag problem officers so their behavior can be corrected early on, he added.
Longtime North Side resident Bobbi McGee asked Friestleben to identify and get rid of those officers as soon as possible.
"No matter how you do it, they have to be weeded out, because this is a great city and we don't want a Ferguson," McGee said.
At least one Ferguson-like outburst has happened in Minneapolis. In 2002, police officers shot and wounded an African American boy during a raid on a north side which touched off a riot. During the melee, rioters torched a car and beat up two newspaper reporters.
Nearly everyone at the meeting agreed that police officers and community members need to work harder to bridge gaps.
Olympic cross country skier Caitlin Gregg and her husband work with kids at a local Boys and Girls Club to get them involved in sports. The club offers a good opportunity for police to connect with the kids, Gregg said Tuesday, telling officers that the kids "would be psyched if you guys came in."
Friestleben agreed and added that officers already do a lot of outreach to kids.
President-elect Donald Trump's controversial phone call with Taiwan's Tsai Ing-wen was orchestrated by former senator and 1996 Republican presidential nominee Bob Dole.
Dole, now a lobbyist with the Washington law firm Alston & Bird, was paid $20,000 a month between May and October of this year to advance Taiwan's interests in Washington, according to disclosure documents filed with the Justice Department last week. The New York Times further reported on the documents made public under the Foreign Agents Registration Act:
Advertisement:
The documents suggest that Mr. Dole helped the government of Taiwan establish early access to Mr. Trump's inner circle during the campaign, when Mr. Dole worked to involve Mr. Trump's aides in a United States delegation to Taiwan and to facilitate a Taiwanese delegation to the Republican National Convention in Cleveland in July. The effort has continued in the weeks since the election, with Mr. Dole on Tuesday saying he was trying to fulfill a request from a special envoy from Taiwan who was visiting Washington to see Reince Priebus, tapped by Mr. Trump to be White House chief of staff, and Newt Gingrich, who is close to the president-elect. (The Priebus meeting, Mr. Dole said, would most likely have to wait until Mr. Trump is inaugurated.)
Trump's phone call was widely criticized last week for breaking a nearly four-decade practice by the US of avoiding diplomatic acknowledgment of Taiwan. The last call a U.S. president made to a Taiwanese leader was in 1979.
Dole told the Wall Street Journal on Monday that his law firm “may have had some influence” on the phone call.
“It's fair to say that we had some influence,” he told the Times on Tuesday. “When you represent a client and they make requests, you're supposed to respond.”
Dole said that his client of nearly two decades, The Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office, Taiwan's de facto embassy, is "very optimistic."
"They see a new president, a Republican, and they'd like to develop a closer relationship,” Dole, the only former Republican presidential nominee to endorse Trump, said.
In total, the group has paid Dole's law firm approximately $200,000 since November of last year. According to public documents, Dole advocated on behalf of the Taiwanese government to U.S. officials including former Secretary of State Colin Powell, former Department of Homeland Security secretaries Tom Ridge and Michael Chertoff, and former Director of National Intelligence John Negroponte during that time.
Advertisement:
The revelation of Dole's involvement fueled renewed criticism of the way in which foreign affairs are being handled by Trump.
“It does seem very strange that Trump is ignoring the state department while apparently allowing Bob Dole, a lobbyist for Taiwan, to make arrangements for him in what appears to be a change in US policy dealing with Taiwan,” Fred Wertheimer, the founder and president of watchdog group Democracy 21, told Politico. “Dole's interests here certainly involved Taiwan's interests more than it did American interests, and the fact that he was the intermediary raises a serious issue about just how President-elect Trump is going to make US foreign policy.”
Trump's controversial call has also stirred up troubles for Tsai, who was elected Taiwan's first female leader in January.
On Tuesday, China called on the U.S. to deny Taiwan's president entry to the United States as she embarks on a three-country tour of Central America with stops inNicaragua, Guatemala and El Salvador. Tsai is expected to fly through the U.S. next month en route to her tour.
Advertisement:
In a statement to Reuters, China's foreign ministry said it hopes the U.S. "does not allow her transit, and does not send any wrong signals to ‘Taiwan independence' forces."
The NPSL held its Annual General Meeting (AGM) this past weekend in San Diego, California. The AGM is a three day event where all clubs in the league come together to discuss the league and plans for the future. The AGMs generally cover a variety of topics intended to grow and stabilize the league. Of particular interest to followers of the league are issues related to expansion and contraction of teams – historically the lower divisions of soccer have been notoriously volatile with teams coming and going annually. Even fans of stable teams want to know if their division competitors will remain, or alternatively if they have new rivals coming. Expansion news is a major part of the offseason excitement soccer fans enjoy.
This year's AGM has been particularly exciting for fans as the league is growing to new heights – the league currently has 68 teams listed on its website. In addition, the league has already announced a fourteen (14) expansion teams scheduled to begin play next year, with reports that more are on the way. As a matter of fact, a team was just announced today – the Fort Lauderdale Strikers U-23. With all this growth, it is no wonder that soccer fans are following developments around the league closely.
To help satiate some of this thirst for news on the NPSL, I have scoured the internet for tidbits about the AGM. Here are some of the highlights: the league has changed its logo, NPSL is launching an app, the website is being updated, and there has been talk of a strengthening of the relationship with NASL.
The new logo/badge is not a tremendous departure from the existing branding. The color scheme is the same; the biggest change is in the placement of components on the badge which have shifted. All in all it appears like a sharper, cleaner version of the current badge. The new badge looks like an updated version that NPSL fans would easily recognize.
There are also reports the league will be updating its website. Changing the website is a double edged sword. In some instances it is a genuine improvement that leads to easier navigation and the inclusion of needed additions. But too often, it is just a reshuffling of existing features without improving the experience for users. If reports of the website update are correct and a new app has been developed as well, then it is absolutely going to turn heads amongst NPSL followers. News on the app's features have not been forthcoming, but conceivably it would make it easier to get updated scores on the run, at a minimum.
The most interesting rumors coming out of the AGM may involve the NASL. Numerous people at the AGM commented, generally via Twitter, about the presentations of NASL and the Cosmos. Speculation has varied from the seemingly plausible development of a reserve league relationship between the two, to the fantastical notion of promotion and relegation between the two independent leagues. Let me address this rumor of promotion first – attendees of the AGM have already stated publicly that no questions about the issue of promotion and relegation were taken during the NASL presentation. If you are to take these statements at face value it would seem the leagues are not ready to broach this topic in any concrete terms.
Nonetheless, rumors persist. Another one that has made the rounds is that the NPSL is in the process of creating a professional league similar to USL. The reasoning goes that if there is to be promotion between it and NASL there needs to be a level in between the existing leagues that is comprised of clubs financially strong enough to support a professional team. There has been nothing reported giving this any credence either.
The most plausible scenario is that something akin to a reserve league relationship is developing between the two. In addition to the NASL reserve teams already in NPSL, and the announcement today of the Fort Lauderdale Strikers U-23 joining, there was a captured screen shot of the 2016 Sunshine Conference Team Standings page placing the Tampa Bay Rowdies on the list. Although not officially announced, it seems reasonable to think the Rowdies will have a team in the NPSL as well.
The idea of NASL teams joining NPSL hardly seems newsworthy because it has been a trend for the last couple of seasons. I believe this might be the reason rumors have cropped up about the two leagues, people see the existing relationship and wonder why the status quo needs to be announced at all, surely there must be something going on behind the scenes.
Whether there is any truth to some of these rumors only time will tell, but the things we do know bode well for the league. Expansion continues, existing teams are increasingly stable, and with an app, fans will be able to follow your favorite team wherever they go. One thing is certain, the league is on strong footing and where fans once wondered if it would disappear from year to year, now they are asking what heights the league will reach.
Irish Taoiseach Leo Varadkar says a special deal could be done for the Northern Ireland border
Northern Ireland must continue to apply EU single market and customs union rules to avoid a hard border, Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar has said.
The Taoiseach said the UK or Northern Ireland would not necessarily have to remain members of either as a "bespoke" arrangement could be reached.
James Brokenshire, the Northern Ireland secretary, said the UK Government is ready to be "pragmatic" in acquiring a solution to the "unique circumstances" facing the nation, regarding its currently open border with the EU.
Mr Varadkar's suggestion came after a leaked European Commission document said the Republic is making a big push for firm reassurance on the border question before the crucial EU summit in December when Theresa May is hoping to get the go-ahead for trade talks to begin.
The paper, obtained by the Daily Telegraph, said to preserve the Good Friday Agreement peace deal the Brexit deal must respect "the integrity of the internal market and the customs union".
Image: The border between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland in the village of Bridgend, Co Donegal
Northern Ireland's border is one of the three key initial Brexit issues, along with expat citizens' rights and the divorce bill.
EU leaders have said "sufficient progress" must be made on all three topics before the remaining 27 leaders will give the go-ahead for trade talks.
:: Government wants no physical changes to Irish border arrangements
Mr Varadkar told the British-Irish Council summit in Jersey he was "loath to comment in too much detail on papers that have been leaked to the media".
He added: "When it comes to the border between Ireland and Northern Ireland, what we have all agreed to be that there shouldn't be a hard border, there should be no physical infrastructure along that border and that there should be no return to the borders of the past.
Image: James Brokenshire says the UK will no longer be part of the single market
"It is our view, and has been our view for a very long time, that the only way that can be achieved is if the United Kingdom as a whole, or Northern Ireland, continues to apply the rules of the customs union and the single market.
"That doesn't mean that they have to be members of it, but it would mean continuing to apply the rules of the single market and the customs union.
"That's the position that we hold and the best way to achieve our common objectives."
Mr Brokenshire said Mrs May had been clear the UK will no longer be a member of the single market and the customs union when Britain leaves the EU in March 2019.
Mr Varadkar added: "We are looking for a bespoke solution here that achieves the objective that we all share, which is no hard border, no return to the borders of the past and no physical infrastructure along that border."
During another speech later on Friday, the first to his party since becoming Taoiseach, he vowed to safeguard the rights of border communities.
He said he was certain Ireland will remain at the heart of Europe.
Coming off of a five-day gap in between games, the Carolina Hurricanes will host Metropolitan Division rival Washington Capitals at PNC Arena, marking the third time the two teams have met this season.
Michael Smith
Follow-on Twitter
The Canes have claimed victories in the first two meetings, as they topped the Caps 3-2 on Oct. 10 and 4-1 on Dec. 3, both in Washington, DC.
“Both games we played really hard against them. We didn't give them any space out there, and that's what we have to do tonight,” said forward Jiri Tlusty, who notched a goal in the recent 4-1 win. “We know that if we play well with everyone skating hard, we'll have success against them.”
In the team's last meeting, defenseman Brett Bellemore absorbed a hard hit from Capitals rookie Tom Wilson, who was recently in the news for his hit on Brayden Schenn of the Philadelphia Flyers. Bellemore left the game and did not return and has missed the team's last six games. Suffering a bit of whiplash from the hit which he said he didn't have time to brace himself for, he was diagnosed with a concussion, the first of his career.
“He'll just play his game. He's a big body, and they've got a big team, so we just chose to go with a bigger defensive corps,” head coach Kirk Muller said. “He's been anxious to get in, and he's all healed up.”
Bellemore ranks second on the team and second among all NHL rookies in hits with 82, and Muller expects him to bring that element back to the table. Bellemore will be paired with Ron Hainsey.
“They're a nice balance,” Muller said. “Hainsey is a good skater and a good puck-moving defenseman. Bellemore is the more stay-at-home, get-in-your-face type of defensemen. Sometimes chemistry just connects for whatever reason, and they've had good chemistry since we've put them together this year.
“His (Bellemore) focus will be his first game back in awhile. He just wants to get back playing,” Muller continued. “He needs to keep the game simple, and he knows that. We'll look for him to play a good, solid game.”
With Bellemore drawing back into the lineup, Ryan Murphy will sit as a healthy scratch. Mike Komisarek, activated off injured reserve today, will also be a healthy extra.
Aside from being red-hot in general as of late, Jeff Skinner is also red-hot against the Capitals this season, in part due to his three-point performance (2g, 1a) on Dec. 3. Additionally, in the team's first meeting, Skinner posted a pair of assists. In 18 career games against the Caps, Skinner has four goals and 10 assists and is a plus-1.
Kevin Westgarth will be the team's healthy extra up front with Elias Lindholm already on his way to Sweden for the World Junior Championship.
After riding Justin Peters in net in the team's last two games, the Canes will turn to Cam Ward, who last started in Edmonton on Dec. 10. In 32 career games against Washington, Ward is 16-11-4 with a 2.54 goals-against average, a .922 save percentage and four shutouts.
“Just going on a gut feeling,” Muller said. “He had a good five days to really focus on his game. He's a leader of this group. Tonight is a big game, and a lot of those times, you look to your veteran guys to have big games in big games. We're showing that we have confidence in him, and we're giving him the opportunity to start tonight.”
The Hurricanes enter tonight's game trailing Washington by four points in the standings. The Canes were leapfrogged by Philadelphia last night for the third place in the Metropolitan Division, but a win tonight would vault Carolina back into playoff position.
“We have to play hard like we did on the road and try to come out of the gate in the first and set the tone. It's a big game,” Tlusty said. “The locker room is excited about it, and we know the deal.”
“Every game is huge right now,” Muller said. “You can't let off. You have to be consistent and grab points every night, whether it's one or two. It's one thing to play well, but when you're playing well, you have to grab those points. Divisional games are so important, but the way the league is now … every night you play you have to find a way to win a hockey game.”
About the founder: Alan Sprints
Hair of the Dog Brewing Company was founded in November of 1993 with the purpose of providing beer lovers with new and unusual beer styles. Creativity and originality have been cornerstones of the company's philosophy since it was founded.Each Beer has its own name and unique identity; like the people who have inspired them. The brewery is family owned and operated, a proud member of the Oregon Brewers Guild as well as the Pacific Northwest's rich brewing heritage. We produce over 600 barrels of Beer a year in our 4 barrel (120 gallon) Brewhouse and bottle approximately 5000 cases a year. The rest of our beer is served on draft in our tasting room and at a few select accounts in Oregon and elsewhere.Hair of Dog is proud to be one of the first breweries in America specializing in the production of high alcohol, bottle conditioned beers as well as experimenting with the barrel aging process since 1994. Currently, the brewery has 180 oak barrels used to age Beer from 6 months to 8 years. We use new oak as well as previously filled spirit and wine barrels. All the Beer is made by two Brewers, Denver Bon and Alan Sprints.We are also dedicated to buying local products for both the Brewery and restaurant in an effort to keep as much of our money in our community. We work directly with farmers whenever possible and are proud to say that 99% of all the ingredients we use are produced within a 350 mile radius of the brewery. Our Organic Pilsner malt is from Gambrinus Malting in British Columbia, the water runs pure from the Cascade mountain range, hops are grown in Oregon and Washington and both bottles and labels are made in Portland. Since we opened all the graphic design has been created by the Felt Hat of Portland. The original brewing equipment has been recycled from other industries and is still in use today. After Brewing all the ingredients are used for animal feed by a local farmer.Born and raised in Culver City, California I moved to Portland in 1988 to attend The Western Culinary Institute. That was also the first year of the Oregon Brewers Festival, a small (by today's standards) gathering of unique craft brewers. The event was pivotal for me; sparking my imagination about Brewing and connecting me with the Oregon Brew Crew. The Oregon Brew Crew is one of the oldest homebrew clubs in the country and its members inspired me to become more involved in the world of Beer. As president of the club for 3 years I met many of Oregon's Brewing pioneers, which led me to becoming a professional Brewer in 1991. My biggest influence and mentor from the club was Fred Eckhardt, a visionary Beer writer and historian. He has inspired two Beers, Adam and Fred, and continues to inspire me with his great attitude and love of life.I never knew what I wanted to do when I grew up, but I knew I wanted to make something. My first exposure to Beer was a few sips from my dad's glass; pale, fizzy and not very pleasant. As a youth I was fortunate to be able to try beers from all over the world. The beers that I enjoyed the most and captured my interest were the full flavored beers imported from Europe. The country that has been the biggest influence on my Brewing style is Belgium. My first visit to Belgium was in 1991. That trip changed my thoughts about Beer forever. I started brewing Beers the way I imagined them, not being a slave to established Beer styles. I have been back several times and Belgium continues to influence both my Brewing and now my cooking.From our family to yours, "cheers"....
On the evidence of their performance against Arsenal, and from what I have seen in their previous 15 Premier Leagues games this season, I cannot see Aston Villa staying up.
Villa are lacking in quality and are also lacking in confidence, as any team would be in their position. It is looking pretty bleak for them.
They have not won since the opening day of the season, are six points off second-bottom Sunderland and eight points adrift of safety.
By the time the January transfer window opens, they might be as good as relegated.
Rather than looking to bring in players then to try to keep them up, their manager Remi Garde might have to start planning for the Championship instead.
Villa offers little in attack
Not once during their defeat by the Gunners on Sunday did I think Villa would get anything out of that game.
Remi Garde's side made it much easier for Arsenal than it should have been because they never really asked any questions of the Gunners' back four.
Rudy Gestede was leading Villa's attack but offered very little in terms of movement and did not attempt to get behind the Arsenal defence - Scott Sinclair was the only player trying to do that.
The fewest points a team has had after 16 Premier League games and still stayed up is nine - Coventry (1995-96), Wigan (2007-08) and Sunderland (2013-14) all survived
Average position of Aston Villa players' touches vs Arsenal with Gestede leading the attack
Villa offered more of a threat in the second half but by then they were 2-0 down and the game was already gone.
I don't know whether their improvement in attack was down to them having more of a go, or Arsenal taking their foot off the gas after a big week in the Champions League. I suspect it was the latter.
Even when Villa did create chances, they rarely troubled Petr Cech. Only two of their 18 shots were on target.
Aston Villa's shots vs Arsenal First half Second half
Aston Villa had 18 efforts at goal against Arsenal - six in the first half and 12 in the second - but only two were on target (green arrows). Four were blocked (yellow circles) and only seven came inside the Gunners area.
Summer signings lack quality and experience
Villa spent almost £50m on 13 players in the summer, using the money they got for Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph.
But when I look through the list of their signings, there is hardly any experience there, let alone experience of the Premier League.
Aston Villa's signings - summer 2015 Player From Age Fee Idrissa Gueye Lille 26 £9m Jordan Ayew Lorient 24 £8.5m Jordan Veretout Nantes 22 £8m Jordan Amavi Nice 21 £7.7m Adama Traore Barcelona 19 £7m Rudy Gestede Blackburn 27 £6m Scott Sinclair Man City 26 £2.5m Joleon Lescott West Brom 33 £2m Jose Angel Crespo Bologna 28 £550k Matija Sarkic Anderlecht 18 Unknown Micah Richards Man City 27 Free Mark Bunn Norwich 30 Free Tiago Ilori Liverpool 22 Loan
That is a lot of money on mostly unproven players, and it is asking for trouble.
Villa has a similar problem to the one Newcastle have had this season - they have bought players who have done well in French football, but that is a completely different ask to what you need in the Premier League.
Yes you need youth, but you also need nous to go with it. Villa do not have enough of that in their team.
Rudy Gestede joined Villa for £6m from Blackburn in July. He scored the winner against Bournemouth on the opening day of the season and has three Premier League goals in total, but has not scored in any of his past nine league appearances
I don't know who has the final say on Villa's transfers but they have a head of recruitment and a sporting director at the club and it cannot just be the manager's fault.
My old Blackburn team-mate Tim Sherwood was sacked at the end of October but was in charge at the time those players were brought in.
I know Tim well, and I know he knows what the Premier League is all about - not all 13 of those players were his buys. (This paragraph was amended after publication to clarify Shearer was not saying all 13 signings were made without Sherwood's approval).
So, as well as looking at how badly Villa are struggling on the pitch, you also need to look at who is signing their players in the first place.
They have spent £50m and I would ask them what return are they getting on that? I cannot see much of one myself.
Who will want to join Villa now?
Garde has drawn two and lost three of his five games in charge of Aston Villa
Garde said this week that he wants to bring in some experience in January, and clearly he will be trying to sign better players too.
But his problem, if Villa are still so far adrift, will be who can he get?
For starters, I can't imagine many players wanting to go there with relegation looking almost certain.
He also needs to consider whether to buy players for the present situation or look ahead and buy players for the Championship to try to get Villa up next season.
That is not a nice situation to be in, but it looks like it will be the case.
Alan Shearer was speaking to BBC Sport's Chris Bevan.
What's it like to be an atheist in Colorado Springs, home of the religious right?
No problems at all.
I've been a publicly avowed atheist all my adult life and get little or no animosity for it, even in this town. I've found that most religionists view atheists and agnostics as conversion opportunities, so they're nice to us. But often my questions and arguments either give them pause or make them disappear fast. Which is fine.
I wish my opponents were right and I was wrong. Who wouldn't want to believe that some supernatural father in the sky was watching over us and protecting us? Who wouldn't want to live forever in paradise?
But it's no good. God is always, and always has been, a no-show. And praying never has worked to solve any problem large or small, except by sheer coincidence. When you pray, you are talking on an empty phone line. There's no one there, although most preachers and clerics pretend they have a private line and know what a god is thinking.
Clarence Darrow said it best: "I don't believe in God because I don't believe in Mother Goose."
I taught standard, rigorous philosophy courses at the university level for 35 years, and these included philosophy of religions, along with ethics, theory of knowledge, theory of law, history of philosophy and all the rest. When I taught those sections of my courses, as was my duty, many students of course were unquestioning religionists, trained by their parents to believe. Many were shocked and offended by my even opening the floodgates. But as soon as they started thinking through the evidence and arguments, and they saw I was not hit by lightning in mid-lecture, they calmed down, became more and more thoughtful, and almost all of them at least started to question the unquestionable.
Simple "faith" of any kind can never, ever be trusted. Faith is belief with no supporting evidence, or worst of all, belief in spite of devastating contrary evidence.
There's the "design argument," i.e., that the human eye and other complex forms could not be randomly caused; only an intelligent designer — one particular god — must have done it. But to that, I present the "problem of evil": birth defects, earthquakes, diseases, galaxies colliding, hatred, tortures, floods and all the other "acts of God" that are horrendously cruel and insane by any standards.
In my mind, the problem of evil absolutely disproves any gods (such as the Christian or Jewish or Muslim gods) that are defined as "all powerful and all good." If he does not stop the horrible evils in the world, he's not all good. If he cannot, he's not all powerful.
Some religions admit their god is partly vicious; others admit theirs is not completely powerful. So they escape the problem of evil, and face the impossible task of proving via empirical evidence (not ancient holy books) that their personal god does in fact exist.
I taught atheism alongside the arguments and evidence for and against agnosticism, Christianity, Judaism, Zen Buddhism and the other major religions. When all evidence was compared, atheism was always the clear winner.
Faith won't do. Holy books won't do. Only factual evidence can be trusted, anywhere, any time. It is the guts of science.
I now consider religions not only false, but dangerous and deadly, as Christians and Muslims slaughter each other, along with Jews, Hindus and the others fanatically hating and killing each other around the world.
In the nuclear age, this is doomsday.
Larimore "Nick" Nicholl, a retired professor who taught many years at the University of Southern Colorado (now Colorado State University-Pueblo), lives in Colorado Springs.
Did the Detroit Pistons have a chance to rectify the great mistake of "the wrong DeJuan"?
According to ESPN reporter Chris Broussard (H/T TDP), the San Antonio Spurs have actively engaged a number of teams, including the Detroit Pistons, as it tries to unload itself of the unhappy DeJuan Blair.
It is unknown what the Spurs are trying to get back in return but whatever they proposed to Detroit was apparently rejected, according to Broussard.
My question is why Dumars would reject such a move. Unless the team is in full tank mode (unlikely) and unless the Spurs were trying to extract Kyle Singler (perhaps) or a first-round draft pick (also unlikely), I don't see what the Spurs could have offered that didn't make perfect sense for Detroit.
Yes, Blair has fallen out of the rotation in San Antonio, but he is still an extremely useful player, especially in an area of glaring weakness for Detroit -- rebounding. And this issue has only been exacerbated since the injury to Andre Drummond.
While Blair isn't the rebounding dynamo he was in college he is still solidly above average at grabbing boards on both sides of the floor. He also has a respectable offensive game, finishing well at the rim by having enough athleticism to finish on cuts and using his body well in the paint. He also has a more respectable mid-range game than incumbent Pistons starter Jason Maxiell.
So if it isn't that Blair doesn't fit in Detroit then what could it be? Maybe the Spurs are simply asking for too much for a player out of the rotation, on the last year of his contract, and who has a perception of a player who feels like he will be ready to earn a big paycheck this offseason.
But as far as assets are concerned it isn't easy to imagine what could possibly have been discussed simply because: 1. Blair makes just about $1 million 2. The Spurs aren't going to trade anyone but their five lowest-paid players because they are all integral parts of their rotation.
This means the highest-paid player the Spurs could have asked for is Brandon Knight. Even Will Bynum and Maxiell would be off the table.
Drummond is obviously not in the discussion. I don't think the Pistons would trade Knight and I don't think I would trade Kyle Singler for a rental like Blair. So that leaves Kim English, Khris Middleton, and Slava Kravtsov.
If I can speculate beyond proper reason, maybe they have their sights set on Middleton. We've not seen much of Middleton this season but we do know that he was drafted before English, given a longer guaranteed deal than English and graded very highly be Detroit. If the Pistons were afraid Middleton wouldn't be there for their next pick (just four picks away) perhaps they thought the Spurs (always active in the second round) would trade into a spot and draft him. Again, I have no evidence for this. Just thinking out loud.
Would you say no to a trade of Blair for one of those three players and perhaps a second-round draft pick? Am I being short-sighted for thinking I would say yes to something that would amount to a rental for a team not bound for the playoffs? Do you think the Spurs were asking for even more than I'm conjuring up here?
Help me understand people. I want to see the proper DeJuan in the Pistons red, white and blue.
Toys for Tots Chicagoland President George Fortier looks over some donations the charity received after being embezzled out of $25,000 and left unable to buy toys on its own. (Credit: CBS)
UPDATED 12/20/11 – 4:20 p.m.
BRIDGEVIEW, Ill. (CBS) — An anonymous donor helped save Christmas for the local Toys for Tots charity on Tuesday, after news a former volunteer embezzled $25,000 and left Christmas in jeopardy for many disadvantaged children.
The charity collects donations at its annual Western Avenue motorcycle rally, and at dropoff centers. But it also makes a bulk purchase of 20,000 additional toys, which this year was almost made impossible by the embezzlement.
Toys for Tots Chicagoland President George Fortier says the phones didn't stop ringing after the public learned about the situation.
LISTEN: WBBM Newsradio's Lisa Fielding reports
https://cbschicago.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/toys-folo-w1.mp3
“People have been coming here, dropping off toys and just heard about us and just went to the store and came here,” he said. “It's amazing. … It will make them hopefully have a Christmas this year.”
An anonymous donor came in Tuesday with a $25,000 check to cover the loss and Chicago-based Groupon later matched that donation.
Donations can still be made to Toys for Tots at their warehouse at 8900 S. Odell Av. in Bridgeview.
Fortier says the thief had access to the charity's Web site, and was committing the crime electronically.
“On our Web site, you're able to buy some of this stuff, and I guess somewhere through the line, people were getting their product, and we were getting our money, but I guess we weren't getting the money,” Fortier told WBBM Newsradio. “I'm kind of sore.”
At a board meeting Tuesday night, the charity will decide how to spend the $12,000 that remains — either by spending less on each child than usual but take care of the same number of kids, or by spending the same amount, but giving fewer needy kids toys.
The embezzlement was discovered by Toys for Tots and Bridgeview police in April. Before that, the thefts had been going undetected for three years, Fortier said.
“The low of the low – you're taking advantage of someone who is disadvantaged,” Fortier said.
No criminal charges have been filed, but donations have been pouring in since the word got out.
“You have to come in, because to see that expression on a child's face when they receive that toy, and they don't have much for Christmas, it just tears you up inside,” said donor Joseph Zeug.
Fortier says the group spends $20,000 its the motorcycle parade alone. Chicagoland Toys for Tots collects toys that are distributed each year by the U.S. Marine Corps.
A new teaser trailer has been released to mark
the return of cult kids cartoon ThunderCats, which hits TV screens later this month.
Ever since Warner Brothers announced the return of Lion-O, Cheetara, Panthro and the rest of the gang, fans have been eagerly awaiting a first glimpse of the new series.
ThunderCats are on the move – a trailer has been released for the re-launch of the cult cartoon
To whet viewers' appetites, a short trailer has been released, but traditionalists will be in for a shock.
The iconic characters have a distinct anime look about them, thanks to the involvement of Japanese company Studio4°C.
Lord of the ThunderCats, Lion-O, looks to have been slimmed down considerably, as has his faithful pet, Snarf.
The ThunderCats' nemesis, Mumm-Ra, also looks to have been on some form of diet for the ever-living, although he is sure to be as formidable an opponent as ever.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The show will return on Cartoon Network with a one-hour special on July 29th, before beginning a weekly schedule of half-hour programmes.
A statement from the network said that the ‘story of a hero's journey to fulfil his ultimate destiny' will also be accompanied by a free game, Thundera Run, which will launch on the Cartoon Network website on July 18th.
ThunderCats originally ran between 1985 and 1990. Warner Brothers is also said to have been creating a CGI movie of the programme, although this project is on hold, perhaps to allow the studio to concentrate on the TV series release.
Watch: ThunderCats new series nine-minute preview
Virginia state officials are expanding an investigation to probe the Republican consulting firm Strategic Allied Consulting after canceling a grand jury hearing scheduled for Tuesday for Colin Small, who faces 13 counts of voter fraud for throwing voter registration forms in the recycling bin.
Two sources told the Washington Post on Friday that officials are investigating whether the firm told Small or up to 40 other employees to ask about political leanings while registering voters. This is a violation of election law.
KDVR's Josh Bernstein confirmed on Thursday that the company's Nathan Sproul has been interviewed by the FBI (transcript here) over election irregularities and confirmed that Sproul's name did not appear on the articles of incorporation for Strategic Allied Consulting.
Sproul told to Bernstein that his name didn't appear on the firm's documents because “if you look at what the liberal blogs write about me, it makes it very difficult to operate.”
The Virginia investigation is compounded by an additional investigation into voter registration irregularities nine counties reported in Florida, all supplied by Strategic Allied Consulting. The forms, which KDVR published here, contained false and invalid information.
Democrats have urged the Department of Justice to open an investigation into the firm's alleged voter fraud. The Republican National Committee paid the firm $2.9 million to the firm to register voters in Florida, Virginia, Colorado, North Carolina and Nevada. Though the RNC cut ties with the firm after allegations of voter fraud surfaced in Florida, the Virginia Republican party re-hired the firm.
Sproul's spokesperson, David Leibowitz, told the Washington Post that Sproul will cooperate with the investigations in Virginia and Florida and “will continue to do everything within our power to uncover any unethical or illegal activity.”
Watch the video, broadcast on KDVR on Nov. 1.
Watch KDVR's heated interview with Sproul, broadcast on Nov. 1.
The fall of Singapore, El Alamein, Anzio, D-day, the bombing of Dresden, the civil war in Greece - a mere roll-call of the major episodes with which Mr. Gilbert has to deal would take up the rest of this review. And almost all of them are episodes that can now be seen as far more complex than they once appeared.
While every aspect of the story has its interest, the episodes that cast the longest shadows are those involving relations with the Soviet Union. They defy easy summary, but a few points are worth stressing.
Churchill had been a fierce opponent of the Soviet regime from the beginning, and it would be absurd to suppose that he simply abandoned his long-held convictions when Hitler invaded Russia. Even in the early stages of ''Road to Victory'' there are minor instances of his mistrust of Soviet postwar intentions, and the Russian refusal to aid the Warsaw uprising of 1944 - even though the Red Army was already on the banks of the Vistula - fully confirmed him in his suspicions. Unfortunately it also provoked a disagreement with the United States, since Roosevelt rejected his suggestion that American and British planes should drop supplies over Warsaw and then refuel on Soviet landing-strips, risking Stalin's displeasure if necessary.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Some five months later he went to Yalta, where he briefly persuaded himself that the Russians would honor their pledges, particularly their promise to hold free elections in Poland. But how much of a choice did he have? A letter he sent shortly afterward to the Prime Minister of New Zealand spells out what had probably been his true reading of the situation all along. Britain and the British Commonwealth, he wrote, were much weaker militarily than Russia, and: ''We cannot go further in helping Poland than the United States is willing or can be persuaded to go. We have therefore to do the best we can.''
At the same time he was a man of strong feelings; the wartime alliance with the Soviet Union had gone deep, and it would be misjudging his character to suppose that he had remained untouched by it, or that he didn't have genuine bursts of hope. As late as the end of April 1945, when it was all too obvious which way the wind in Poland was blowing, he sent a superb telegram to Stalin appealing to him to implement Soviet promises before the great powers found themselves embroiled in a conflict that would tear the world apart.
Meanwhile, he had urged the Americans, unavailingly, that ''we should shake hands with the Russians as far to the East as possible.'' Whether a Western move on Berlin would have achieved the results he hoped for is something that can be argued over; what is not in doubt is that he saw it as a means of putting pressure on the Soviet Union to reverse its policies and carry out the Yalta agreement while there was still time.
For specialists in the period, the wartime volumes of Mr. Gilbert's biography have obvious importance; but general readers may well wonder whether it is worth investing the amount of time required in a work that largely limits itself to Churchill's point of view. And the only justification, in the end, is the Churchillian flavor that pervades almost every page.
It is an attractive flavor, on the whole. Mr. Gilbert's account provides plenty of evidence of ruthlessness, to say nothing of vanity and bad temper; but when all the minuses have been totted up, the Churchill who emerges is still a heartening figure, conspicuous for courage and breadth and (as great men go) humanity.
Among the many irresistible moments in the book, a single example must serve. Shortly before he gave a lunch for King Ibn Saud, Churchill was told that the King could not allow smoking or drinking alcohol in his presence; he retorted that he was the host, and that if these were religious prohibitions, ''my religion prescribed as an absolute sacred rite smoking cigars and drinking alcohol before, after, and if need be during, all meals and the intervals between them.''
A mother's work is never done. That's definitely the case for one generous kitty from Medellén, Colombia, who has taken in an abandoned margay at a pet shelter there.
The new mom has accepted the fuzzy orphaned margay, a spotted cat native to South America, as her own, and will care for it until it's old enough to be released into the wild.
While the margay looks a lot like a domestic cat at birth, this fuzzy little thing could weigh up to 20 lbs. when it reaches adulthood in a year. Momma won't be holding her charge in her mouth for very long!
[RELATED_TEXT “Can't get enough pet news? See more on PEOPLE Pets
 Mom-to-Be Emily Deschanel: Now Isn't the Best Time for a Pet
 The Secret to Kellan Lutz's Killer Body? His Dogs!” “” ]
Every year, I hear the same complaint about movies on the big screen: Movies are getting so damn long! We're almost to the point that moviegoers should start demanding an intermission for some of these behemoths of film.
But then I started wondering: Are movies really getting longer than they used to be? Or are a few outliers–like The Lord of the Rings series–skewing our perception of what's really going on? To address this question, I turned to IMDB and gathered the 25 most popular movies from each year from 1931 through 2013. Below is the average feature film length over that time period.
How about that? There are several interesting stages in this data, so I'll break the analysis down by stage.
1931-1970
With the introduction of the television in the 1930s and 1940s, the movie industry suddenly had a competitor. In response, movie producers were forced to raise the bar and start producing more epic films to keep audiences packing the theater. The result? Feature films gained an extra 30 minutes between 1931 and 1960, which set the standard in film for the next 50 years, and eventually led to the blockbuster phenomenon.
1970-1985
It's strange that the average feature film lost about 10 minutes during this period. The only explanation I can think of is the videotape format war in the 1970s, where VHS and Betamax were battling it out to become the dominant movie format. Could the eventual dominance of VHS caused movie producers to keep their films shorter and well under the 2 hour mark?
1985-2000
Between 1985-2000, feature films grew back to the same length as in the 1960s. This may explain why it's usually Millennials (born 1980-2000) complaining that movies have gotten longer than they used to be: If you grew up watching movies in the 1980s, they have gotten longer for you! Meanwhile, Generation Xers are shaking their head at Millennials wondering what the heck they're talking about (as usual).
2000-2013
Perhaps the most relevant time period for us to look at is 2000-2013, because these are the movies that are the freshest in our mind. Interestingly, the average feature film hasn't gotten much longer since the turn of the century, keeping with the status quo established in 1960. This is just averages over a bunch of movies, though. What if we compare the longest feature film each year? Surely modern movies are longer than the old ones that had to fit on a VHS tape.
Huh. Even the maximum feature film length has hovered around 3 hours since the 1960s. It looks like movies aren't actually much longer than they used to be.
We may have a few lengthy blockbusters nowadays, but they sure don't stack up to much when compared to 20th century epics like Gone with the Wind (1939, 223 mins), The Ten Commandments (1956, 220 mins), and Lawrence of Arabia (1962, 216 mins).
What about looking at all films ever?
Several people commented that only looking at the top 25 most popular films each year could possibly have biased this analysis, so here's the average feature film length for all feature films in the IMDB database between 1906 and 2013.
Although the overall average film length is much lower than the top 25's average film length, the same main trends still hold: Up until the 1950s, feature films grew by 15-30 minutes. Then after the 1950s, the average movie hovered around 90 minutes. Interestingly, the trend here shows that movies have been getting a little bit shorter in the past few years. We'll have to revisit this data in a few years to see if that trend holds.
Data
For those interested in the data underlying these visualizations, here are the details. The processed data is available for download here, and the raw IMDB data is available via IMDB's interface.
I parsed through the IMDB “running times” list and grouped the films by year. For each year, I saved the 25 films with the most IMDB user ratings to build a list of the most popular films for each year. Number of IMDB user ratings is a reliable measure of a film's popularity because popular films that were highly successful in the box office–and thus had millions of people watching them–generally receive far more user ratings on IMDB than unsuccessful films.
The above is the same reason why I picked the 25 most popular films instead of looking at all films each year: The 25 most popular films are the films that had the lion's share of people watching them in theater, thus they are a better representation of the films the average moviegoer experienced that year.
43 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Tilda Swinton, Jake Gyllenhaal, Paul Dano, Kelly MacDonald and Bill Nighy are the cast of this Korean-American production.
After struggling against Harvey Weinstein about the montage of ‘Snowpiercer‘, the distributor wanted to make it “more fluid and less violent,” Bong Joon-Ho will have more freedom in his new film shot in English, Okja. And a bigger budget. “This is a fantastic opportunity! Exclaims the director at Hollywood Reporter about the fact that he will be co-produced by Netflix and Plan B (the company of Brad Pitt). I needed more money than Snowpiercer and I had to have complete artistic freedom. Netflix gives me these two conditions. ” A double victory for the director of Memories of Murder and The Host, who had brilliantly passed the “test” his first English-language staging with The Transperceneige two years ago.
The magazine reveals that Netflix will be launched next year in South Korea and that this agreement is the first major project co-financed with the country. About 50 million -8 deplus for Snowpiercer- were granted to the monster movie that brings a cute English cast: Tilda Swinton, Kelly Macdonald, Jake Gyllenhaal, Paul Dano and Bill Nighy. Now remains to find a young actress to embody the Okja heroin, a Korean traveling to New York and focusing on an “animal” unusual. Once this is done, Bong Joon-Ho will shoot his film, to the delight of Tilda Swinton, who confessed last month to wait to start this adventure.
I watched President Obama's remarks on poverty at Georgetown University, and several things stood out to me, apart from his umpteenth swipe at Fox News.
Obama sometimes makes statements that sound reasonable and moderate, but he either doesn't believe the things he's saying or has an ideological blind spot about what they really mean. But his practice of saying such things, I think, is one reason that during the 2008 presidential campaign, some were fooled into believing he was bipartisan and a uniter.
He continues to decry extremism from both sides and implies his own position is decidedly more moderate. For example, at Georgetown, he said: "The stereotype is that you've got folks on the left who just want to pour more money into social programs and don't care anything about culture or parenting or family structures. ... And then you've got coldhearted free market capitalist types who are reading Ayn Rand and think (people are) moochers. And I think the truth is more complicated. ... (Some conservatives) deeply care about ... the poor, exhibit that through their churches, through community groups, through philanthropic efforts but are suspicious of what government can do. And then there are those on the left who, I think, are in the trenches every day and see how important parenting is and how important family structures are and the connective tissue that holds communities together and recognize that (when those structures fray) that contributes to poverty ... but also believe that government and resources can make a difference in creating an environment in which young people can succeed despite great odds. And it seems to me that if coming out of this conversation we can have a both/and conversation rather than either/or conversation, then we'll be making some progress."
The problem is that no matter how reasonable he can sound sometimes -- and it isn't that often anymore -- in practice, he's been anything but reasonable. He has pursued an extreme leftist agenda, leaving the left ecstatic, the perpetually clueless still ignorant, the credulous feeling a bit betrayed and those who had him pegged from the beginning unhappily vindicated. If you listen to all of Obama's comments instead of his occasional feints toward bipartisanship, you know he's anything but a moderate.
For instance, he said, "I think if you talk to any of my Republican friends, they will say, No. 1, they care about the poor -- and I believe them. No. 2, they'll say that there are some public goods that have to be made -- and I'll believe them. But when it comes to actually establishing budgets, making choices, prioritizing, that's when it starts breaking down."
Are you hearing him? He is saying some Republicans may think they care about the poor but, when the rubber hits the road, they really don't. Why? Because they won't adopt his leftist agenda wholesale. During budget negotiations, he's the one who refuses to compromise. He's the one who takes such extreme positions that by the time Republicans compromise, we end up with three-fourths of what Obama wanted -- such as with the sequester cuts, when they agreed to gut the military budget just to get Obama to agree to cut, not in spending but in the rate of spending increases.
Obama has proved himself quite willing to use deceit when it serves his purposes, but I think the above are examples of his ideologically and narcissistically based tunnel vision. Like many liberal politicians and media figures, he sees his approach as the only possibly moral and reasonable one and anything deviating from it as being born of sinister aims, so he can't process opposition as ever being legitimate.
This mindset also explains Obama's repeated complaint, which he voiced again at Georgetown, that our society (because of Republicans) isn't willing to "invest" enough in "public goods," which is why the middle class and poor are hurting. This is depressingly devoid of reality. With more than $20 trillion of social spending over the years and no net progress (and much decline), how can anyone say there hasn't been enough of such spending? With $18 trillion of debt, how can Obama even consider spending more money we don't have, especially when he's improperly diverted so much money he promised to allocate to infrastructure?
Obama's incapable of considering that liberal policies haven't worked and making adjustments. If they haven't worked or haven't worked well or fast enough, it is always because we haven't gone far enough, a delusional excuse that will never run out of liberal policy failures to justify, because in theory, we could always spend more and further grow the government.
You can talk about extremes on both sides of the political aisle, but in fact, by far the greatest number of real extremists (among those in power and influence, at least) are in today's Democratic Party. Those Republicans whom liberals call extremists would be satisfied with achieving a mere moderate scaling down of the smorgasbord of extreme leftist policies implemented over the years. There isn't a Republican with any chance of electability who advocates wholly abolishing a societal safety net. Not even close.
So don't let Obama or other leftists fool you about either their own reasonableness or our extremism.
Sometimes, it all gets a bit weird here on Planet Earth. We had Nudist Priest, hairy, naked blokes ripping through Judas Priest numbers. Then we got Tragedy, the all-metal tribute to the Bee Gees. And now, Elvana, a Nirvana tribute fronted by Elvis. Hailing from Newcastle-upon-Tyne (one of them might be from Graceland, though), the four-piece comprises Elvis, Danny Cobain, Rob Novoselic and Bobby Grohl. We speak to the King himself to try and make sense of everything…
Elvis Presley and Nirvana: two world-changing, iconic acts. Whose idea was it to fuse them together?
“It just started out as a stupid conversation about a year and a half ago. We've been doing music as long as we can remember – we've been in and out of bands trying to make it and release CDs, but nothing particularly happened. Danny, our guitarist, said he was interested in doing a cover band. I've never been one for doing covers; I much prefer doing original material and all that. Danny said he wanted to do a bit of his favourite stuff: a bit of Nirvana and a bit of Elvis Presley, and that's literally where it came from. Just saying: ‘Ha, wouldn't it be funny if we had Elvis singing Nirvana. Of course you'd call it Elvana, wouldn't you? Hahaha.' Then there was this moment of silence. ‘Elvana? Could we… nah, that's just bollocks, right?' We kept coming back to the idea and did a rehearsal – it works a lot better than you'd think, especially with songs like Aneurysm, School and Lithium. I'm not gonna profess that I've got the greatest Elvis impersonation in the world, but I'm working on it!
What appeals to you most about each of them?
“I think Kurt Cobain was probably an Elvis fan, because of his respect for the whole myth of pop icons and writing pop tunes. Although Nirvana is a heavy grunge band, there was also a pop ethic to everything Kurt wrote. If Elvis had been alive and heard Nirvana: MTV Unplugged in New York, he'd have thought it was absolutely amazing how they break those tunes down so you can see how well-written they are. Both bands have an incredible understanding of pop music and how to write a hook.
“There's also the performance element. Despite Nirvana having that punk rock, smash-your-guitar ethic, there was always a performance there. Kurt knew how to underperform, whether they're smashing their guitars or Kurt's coming on stage in a wheelchair with a blonde wig on. He always performed but he made it look effortless – kinda off-the-cuff and scruffy. The two artists would have totally respected each other. Y'know when you see Elvis doing his comeback tour and they sit round in a circle, just jamming out the song? I can quite easily see those two characters sitting down comfortably, just jamming out tunes and enjoying the music.”
Elvana: Everybody was Kung Foo fighting
What can we expect from the Elvana live experience?
“We try to keep it quite brief in our videos, because we want that ‘I've got to go see this because it's just… strange' reaction from people. Obviously we play the straight-up Nirvana tunes for the Nirvana fans, and then we drop in a few Elvis breakdowns.
“When you see a Nirvana cover band, you have this preconception of what you're going to watch. You stand there and they'll impress you or they won't. You'll be wondering how good the drummer is, if he's doing the right parts; do the vocals sound right? With us, before anything else, they see this guy run on stage in an Elvis jumpsuit and they're laughing. They're kinda laughing at me and that's fine, because all of a sudden they're singing along; there's a lot more engagement than if you just see a straight-up cover band. When we do the Elvis parts, like Suspicious Minds or In The Ghetto, they're the points where the crowd are singing along the most. They go absolutely crazy for the Elvis parts.”
Have you received any backlash for blending two of the most beloved artists in history?
“There's an element of Marmite to it. When people hear about it, we think it's hilarious because we get people posting really insulting comments on our social networks, like how dare we do that to Nirvana or Elvis. We've just used those comments as adverts on our posters: ‘This is the worst thing I've ever seen!', ‘What is this bag of shit?' We're massive Nirvana and Elvis fans, and we're doing this with the utmost respect for the artists. When people see us, if there was any concern that we weren't respecting the artists, it goes away as soon as we start playing. We're not just playing Nevermind – we do stuff from Insecticide and Bleach, and the Nirvana fans absolutely love that.”
Do you feel a certain responsibility when you don't the white jumpsuit?
“You need the jumpsuit – obviously I don't wear it when we're rehearsing. But when the jumpsuit goes on, the hair goes up, the shades are on and the fake tan's slapped on, the jewellery comes out and that's the moment when you start flexing about, doing Elvis kung fu moves in front of the mirror and posturing and all that. As soon as that happens – a couple of beers help, too – that's when it all comes together and you're in character. There's definitely an element of wanting to do the best Elvis impersonation possible, but because we're doing it Nirvana style, we can do it in a punk rock way. It's not glitzy Elvis; it's punk rock Elvis. My Elvis swears a lot – he's a nice guy but he's got a potty mouth. I come on stage munching on cheeseburgers so it's all a bit greasy and scruffy. My Elvis impersonation sits somewhere between Samuel L. Jackson and, I don't know, someone like Nicolas Cage. In all honesty, that's what adds to the charm – it's just an everyday, slightly-dodgy Elvis. We all love to watch a dodgy Elvis impersonator.”
Elvana tour the UK in September and October.
An unprecedented move by a Greek Orthodox Bishop. He urged Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to denounce Islam and baptized Greek Orthodox with Russian President Vladimir Putin as godfather.
It may look like a joke but it is not. Metropolit Seraphim of Piraeus, one of the most hardcore religious leaders of the Greek Orthodox Church, is anything but a man with humor.
In a reportedly 37-page letter, Metropolit Seraphim calls on Erdoğan to convert into Christianity. The baptism should take place in the church of the Ecumenical Patriarchate in Istanbul, Erdoğan's godfather be Vladimir Putin, Seraphim notes.
“If you want to save yourself and your family you should convert to Greek Orthodox Church, the only real faith,” Seraphim writes.
“We propose and we advise you to come to the arms of the Greek Orthodox Church before the end of your life on earth.”
“Otherwise, you will unfortunately find yourself, your family and your people in the same place where Allah, Muhammad and his followers are, ie. in the place of suffering, eternal and unending hell.”
The Metropolit calls on Erdoğan to “repent, cry, be humble and believe in Christ,” stressing that he is certain that “the Holy Trinity of God will open the arms for you.” Seraphim suggests that should Erdoğan convert, the Orthodox on earth and in heaven will rejoice and “the angels in heaven after your enter the true Church!.”
Metropolit Seraphim praises the Turkish Resident as “faithful and godly” and a genuine Turkish Islamist who freed Turkey from Kemalism and brought back the traditional faith.
The Metropolit also analyzes the recent history of Turkey and its accession efforts to the European Union, the Treaty of Lausanne and the 400 years Greece spent under the Ottoman occupation.
He underlines that he disagrees with the not extradition of the eight Turkish soldiers who fled to Greece after the coup of July 2016.
Metropolit Seraphim concludes his letter to Turkish President Erdoğan with “honor, respect and honest brother love.”
Unfortunately, Seraphim's letter contains also several harsh remarks that can be understood as insulting to Prophet Mohamed and the Koran. Among others, he describes Islam as a sect and not as a religion.
The letter has been uploaded on the official website of the Holy Metropolis of Piraeus.
Dubai: After oil companies, hospitals and schools in the UAE, a Dubai tour company has fallen prey to scamsters running fake job rackets.
Staff at Emirates House Travel and Tourism LLC say they were shocked to discover how another company duplicated their website to use in bogus employment letters.
“A friend of mine received this offer supposedly from a renowned clinic, asking him to make a deposit to cover his initial ‘employment costs' to a travel agency called Westgate Travel and Tours LLC. The letter appeared dubious anyway, but the moment we logged on to the company's website we knew the whole story. The website looked just like ours,” said Shahid Bashir, 32, one of the proprietors of the family-owned business.
“Not only is it an infringement of our website's copyright policies but also a swipe at our reputation. They have copied our credentials to make themselves look like a genuine tour company, but in reality they don't exist,” he said.
The website of the dodgy firm Westgate was removed this week after Bashir lodged a police complaint, but XPRESS has a screengrab of it, which is a spitting image of the original site.
Intriguingly the fake site did not have any contact number, landline or otherwise while the HTML code of their website confirmed that a software was used to copy from http://www.emirateshousett.com/index.html.
Queensland connection
A quick search on the internet revealed this domain was registered in Queensland, Australia. Interestingly a fake website of a Dubai school that scamsters used in May this year to target teachers, as revealed earlier by XPRESS, was also registered in Queensland.
“My company does not have in any way a connection to this fraudulent business, but I fear we may be mistaken as one of them,” says Zahid Bashir Ahmad, business development manager of Emirates House.
The mobile number of Peter Hammam, supposedly of West-gate Travel and Tours LLC, remains unreachable.
My latest com­mis­sion was illus­trat­ing an art­icle about tak­ing your car abroad. This is an art­icle for 'Mot­ab­il­ity Life­style', the motor­ing magazine for the dis­abled.
Driv­ing on for­eign roads is tough enough for the able bodied.Yet anoth­er reas­on to be very thank­ful.
The cli­ent asked for full col­our art­work, which is great, I like work­ing in col­our. But then I thought I'd take a look at a black and white ver­sion of the illus­tra­tions. I don't know about you but I think they look pretty darn good. Moody, atmo­spher­ic if you like. Just like the good old black and white movies back in the day and some­times used today with great effect. 'The Artist' a great example.
I really would appre­ci­ate your thoughts on this. Which do you prefer? Black and White? or Col­our?
I know we all like col­our com­mis­sions but which do you prefer in this edit­or­i­al, col­our or black and white?
Somebody is watching over Officer Thomas Richards.
The lucky Manhattan cop was saved by his belt Monday when a man with a rusty illegal weapon fired a round that hit his gun clip — instead of him.
Dodging a life-threatening wound, Richards was left with a dime-sized dint in the ammo magazine — and a heckuva story for his girlfriend. The metal clip, inside a bullet-pierced pouch, was on the left side of his leather gun belt and just above his hip.
Relieved Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly pronounced Richards' close call "another miracle."
"An inch either way, it would have been right in his stomach," he said. "The magazine may have well saved his life."
Even more remarkable, Richards — who realized he'd been hit but continued chasing his attacker — managed to fire at least seven shots, including one that police believe wounded Luis Martinez, a suspected drug dealer.
Richards "was just meant to be saved and have a future," said Gary Aquilone, who lives near the officer on Long Island. "He's got a second chance."
A police officer's gun belt generally has handcuffs, pepper spray, a gas mask, keys, a baton and a pouch containing two magazines.
The wild gun battle erupted early Monday while Richards and partner Thomas Dunne Jr., both assigned to Police Service Area 4 in Manhattan, were patrolling the Baruch Houses on the lower East Side.
While police say the pursuing cops fired 18 shots and Martinez fired at least three times, investigators working in the sealed-off crime scene marked at least 54 spots where shell casings were found.
Richards, 36, and Dunne, 30, were standing outside their police van, which was parked on Delancey St., when they noticed Martinez, a 25-year-old with a sealed arrest record, heading in their direction. It was 1:44 a.m.
"When (Martinez) sees them, he does an abrupt about-face," NYPD spokesman Paul Browne said.
When the officers caught up to Martinez outside 47 Columbia St., the suspect suddenly opened fire three times, "striking Richards in his ammunition belt," Kelly said.
Richards, armed with a 9-mm. Smith & Wesson, returned fire, as did Dunne, who fired at least 10 rounds, police said. But when Martinez tried to fire back, his gun jammed.
Wounded, Martinez ran into the Baruch Houses with the cops hot on his heels — and while terrified residents, roused by the gunfire, looked on in horror.
"I saw the guy shoot at one officer, who ducked, and they kept chasing him," said a 48-year-old witness named Evelyn, who declined to give her last name. "It was like a movie. I couldn't believe the officers kept going after him because he kept shooting."
"It sounded like a big gun battle," added Millie Rodriguez, 44. "You heard it go back and forth like a war."
About 200 feet from 64 Baruch Drive, Martinez stopped, turned and tried to fire again at the pursuing officers.
His gun jammed again.
Dunne got off another shot and yelled at Martinez to give up, police said. Instead, the suspect ducked inside the building and raced to his apartment.
Once inside his pad, a frantic Martinez tossed four bags of marijuana and a measuring scale out the window and then lay down on his bed, police said.
"The cops rolled up on me and I shot one of them," Martinez told his wife, according to a law enforcement source. "I just want to die."
While Martinez played possum, Emergency Service Unit cops followed a trail of blood inside the building that ended abruptly on the sixth floor.
Unable to tell which apartment was Martinez's, they called for ESU Officer Anthony Conpitello and his 6-year-old dog, Caesar, who sniffed out the suspect.
Martinez gave up without a fight and was in stable condition at Bellevue Hospital, awaiting charges. It was not immediately clear why his rap sheet was sealed.
The suspect's semiautomatic 9-mm. Taurus handgun was recovered from the building's trash compactor, cops said. Police said the suspect's gun was purchased by a woman in Newport News, Va., in August 2010. A source said police are investigating whether the gun was acquired during a straw purchase in Virginia.
Most of the illegal guns that wind up on city streets are bought in Pennsylvania, Virginia and states even further south, according to Kelly and Mayor Bloomberg. Then they're sold in the city for three times their value.
Monday's shooting was the fourth time a city cop was shot in two months. One officer, Peter Figoski, was killed.
Richards, who has been on the job for 11 years, lives with his girlfriend, Nicole, neighbors said.
"He's a sweetheart," Aquilone said. "He's such a quiet guy. My brother was a cop in the city for 21 years, so I know it's a tough job. Thank God he's okay."
rparascandola@nydailynews.com
Buy Photo Chip Bowlby stands in front of the last remaining part of Park Lane Mall. (Photo: Mike Higdon/RGJ)Buy Photo
The blighted lot that used to be Park Lane Mall is about to get redeveloped, with the plan calling for a mix of retail and office space and rental properties, some of which might be reserved for low-income residents.
Reno Urban Developers owner Chip Bowlby is in escrow to purchase the 45-acre plot at Plumb and Virginia streets that has sat empty since the mall was demolished seven years ago. Bowlby is also developing the Rancharrah master planned community and Summit Club Apartments in southwest Reno.
“This is where the hipsters want to be,” Bowlby said of what would be Reno's largest urban land redevelopment since the recession. “I want it to be where people can live, work and play.”
Bowlby would not disclose his purchase price, but said the asking price was more than $30 million.
The lot is one of Reno's largest vacant, blighted properties. For comparison, all of downtown Reno's casinos and the Reno Events Center combined take up the same acreage.
“The redevelopment of the Park Lake Mall property has been a top priority for the city of Reno for nearly seven years,” Mayor Hillary Schieve said in a press release. “To see a locally managed firm step up with a vision for housing, retail and office space is great news for the city and its residents. The redevelopment of this critical piece of land can make a deep and lasting impact on the core of our city.”
The Century Park Lane 16 movie theater is on a separate parcel owned by another company and was not included in the sale agreement. Bowlby said he wants to start collaborating with the owners on the future of the land around the theater.
Urban Land Institute panelists drew this concept of Park Lane Mall land, which includes mixed use, central gathering green, buildings fronting street, interior parking and block pattern housing and retail development. (Photo: Urban Land Institute)
Bowlby's plans for the landfall in line with suggestions made by the Urban Land Institute during a Friday presentation to developers and city officials. The panel said the Park Lane Mall lot bookends the core of the city with the University of Nevada, Reno on the north and should include a welcome monument, similar to the Reno Arch.
Unlike Rancharrah, which is geared toward high-income homeowners, Bowlby said the Park Lane lot makes more sense for a mix of apartment rentals and workforce housing priced below market rate for low-income earners. The lot has no building height limits, which would allow high-density use for at least 1,000 units, he said.
"Local apartment stock is below standard, expensive and a mismatch for corporate relocation efforts," according to the Urban Land Institute presentation. "Of the 41,000 units in the region, 48 percent are reportedly Class C, which is well below institutional grade. Yet, rents for those units are $868 per month for a typical two bedrooms. ... The remaining units are a variety of Class B product and serve the local workforce housing needs, but units are old and rents are high at $1,038 for a two bedroom."
High-end apartments in the region are also "insufficient" to house the corporate relocations, at $1,137 per month for a two bedroom, according to the ULI presentation.
Bowlby said he hopes people will start to consider the lot part of the Midtown district once development around the lot builds up.
Bowlby is also an Economic Development Authority of Western Nevada board member and knows what industries are looking at Reno. He said he wants to attract more office and retail to the future development, such as Urban Outfitters, Patagonia, REI, West Elm and similar ilk. He briefly mentioned attracting a medical company, but said it's too early to know specific details.
Bowlby said he will start planning with engineers and architects after all the feasibility studies and sale are completed. He said he wants to break ground within a year. The entire lot needs a fresh start since it's full of weeds and disintegrating asphalt.
Park Lane Mall originally opened in 1967. In 1998, Max Baer Jr., the actor who played Jethro Bodine on "The Beverly Hillbillies" TV show, proposed a casino project on the site that would include a 240-foot oil derrick with a 70-foot flame shooting out of the top, according to RGJ archives.
In 2006, M&H Realty Partners (now Merlone Geier Partners) bought the land, according to Washoe County Assessor records. It was razed from 2007 to 2009 and left barren. In 2009, M&H Realty's plans for a Park Lane Promenade were found by Downtown Makeover. Again in 2013, a special use permit was filed with the city of Reno for a Park Lane Promenade under the new Merlone Geier Partners name. Both were plans for an outdoor strip mall with a large anchor tenant similarly designed to The Summit mall in south Reno. Neither plan ever materialized.
Now, seagulls use the weed-infested dirt lot as a nesting ground.
Mike Higdon is the city life reporter at the RGJ and can be found on Instagram @MillennialMike and on Facebook at Mike Higdon, Reno Life.
Read or Share this story: http://on.rgj.com/1S5ohiR
USS Zumwalt (DDG-1000) is a guided missile destroyer of the United States Navy. She is the lead ship of the Zumwalt class and the first ship to be named for Admiral Elmo Zumwalt.[10][11] Zumwalt has stealth capabilities, having a radar cross-section similar to a fishing boat despite her large size.[12] On 7 December 2015, Zumwalt began her sea trial preparatory to joining the Pacific Fleet.[13] The ship was commissioned in Baltimore on 15 October 2016.[4] She is homeported in San Diego, California.[14]
Namesake [ edit ]
Admiral Elmo Zumwalt
Zumwalt is named after Elmo Russell Zumwalt, Jr., who was an American naval officer and the youngest man to serve as the Chief of Naval Operations.[15] As an admiral and later the 19th Chief of Naval Operations, Zumwalt played a major role in U.S. military history, especially during the Vietnam War.[15] A highly decorated war veteran, Zumwalt reformed the US Navy's personnel policies in an effort to improve enlisted life and ease racial tensions.[15] After he retired from a 32-year naval career, he launched an unsuccessful campaign for the United States Senate.[15]
The hull classification symbol for Zumwalt is DDG-1000, which departs from the guided missile destroyer numbering sequence that goes up to DDG-126, which as of 2016 , is Louis H. Wilson Jr., the latest of the named Arleigh Burke-class destroyers. Zumwalt continues the previous "gun destroyer" sequence left off with 1983, DD-997, the last of the Spruance class, Hayler.
Role [ edit ]
The Zumwalt class was designed with multimission capability. Unlike previous destroyer classes, designed primarily for deep-water combat, the Zumwalt class was primarily designed to support ground forces in land attacks, in addition to the usual destroyer missions of anti-air, anti-surface, and antisubmarine warfare.
Zumwalt is equipped with two Advanced Gun Systems (AGS), which are designed to fire the Long Range Land Attack Projectile (LRLAP). LRLAP was to be one of a range of land attack and ballistic projectiles for the AGS, but was the only munition the AGS could use as of 2018. LRLAP had a range of up to 100 nautical miles (190 km; 120 mi) fired from the AGS. It was to be a key component for ground forces support,[16] but LRLAP procurement was cancelled in 2016[17][18] and the Navy has no immediate plan to replace it.[9]
The Navy has re-purposed the Zumwalt class to surface warfare. [19]
History [ edit ]
Construction [ edit ]
Many of the ship's features were originally developed under the DD21 program ("21st Century Destroyer"). In 2001, Congress cut the DD-21 program by half as part of the SC21 program. To save it, the acquisition program was renamed as DD(X) and heavily reworked. The initial funding allocation for DDG-1000 was included in the National Defense Authorization Act of 2007.[20] By February 2008, a $1.4 billion contract had been awarded to Bath Iron Works in Bath, Maine,[21] and full rate production officially began a year later, on 11 February 2009.[22]
Zumwalt ' s deckhouse in transit on 6 November 2012 s deckhouse in transit on 6 November 2012
In July 2008, a construction timetable was set for General Dynamics to deliver the ship in April 2013, with a March 2015 target date for Zumwalt to meet her initial operating capability[23] but, by 2012 the planned completion and delivery of the vessel was delayed to the 2014 fiscal year.[24] The first section of the ship was laid down on the slipway at Bath Iron Works on 17 November 2011,[24] by which point, fabrication of the ship was over 60% complete.[24] The naming ceremony was planned for 19 October 2013,[25] but was canceled due to the United States federal government shutdown of 2013.[26] The vessel was launched on 29 October 2013.[27][28]
Sea trials [ edit ]
In January 2014, Zumwalt began to prepare for heavy weather trials, to see how the ship and her instrumentation react to high winds, stormy seas, and adverse weather conditions. The ship's new wave-piercing inverted bow and tumblehome hull configuration reduce her radar cross-section. Tests involved lateral and vertical accelerations and pitch and roll. Later tests included fuel on-loading, data center tests, propulsion events, X-band radar evaluations, and mission systems activation to finalize integration of electronics. These all culminated in builders' trials and acceptance trials, with delivery for US Navy tests in late 2014, and with initial operating capability (IOC) to be reached by 2016.[29]
Zumwalt underway for the first time conducting at-sea tests and trials in the Atlantic Ocean, 7 December 2015. USSunderway for the first time conducting at-sea tests and trials in the Atlantic Ocean, 7 December 2015.
Zumwalt's first commanding officer was Captain James A. Kirk.[30] Kirk attracted some media attention when he was first named the captain, due to the similarity of his name to that of the Star Trek television character Captain James T. Kirk, played by William Shatner. Shatner wrote a letter of support to Zumwalt's crew in April 2014.[31] On 7 December 2015, the ship departed Bath Iron Works for sea trials to allow the Navy and contractors to operate the vessel under rigorous conditions to determine whether Zumwalt is ready to join the fleet as an actively commissioned warship.[13]
On 12 December 2015, during sea trials, Zumwalt responded to a US Coast Guard call for assistance for a fishing boat captain who was experiencing a medical emergency 40 nautical miles (74 km) from Portland, Maine. Due to deck conditions, the Coast Guard helicopter was unable to hoist the patient from the fishing boat, so the Zumwalt's crew used their 11-meter rigid-hulled inflatable boat (RHIB) to transfer him to the destroyer, from which he was transported to shore by the Coast Guard helicopter and then to a hospital.[32] The US Navy accepted delivery of Zumwalt on 20 May 2016.[33] In September 2016, it was reported that the vessel needed repairs after the detection of a seawater leak in the ship's auxiliary motor drive oil system.[34] The US Navy commissioned Zumwalt on 15 October 2016, in Baltimore during Fleet Week.[4]
On 21 November 2016, Zumwalt lost propulsion in her port shaft while passing through the Panama Canal from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean en route to her homeport in San Diego.[35] Water had intruded in two of the four bearings that connect Zumwalt's port and starboard Advanced Induction Motors to its drive shafts.[35] Both drive shafts failed and Zumwalt hit the lock walls in the canal, causing minor cosmetic damage.[35] Zumwalt's passage through the Panama Canal had to be completed with tugboats.[35] Zumwalt underwent repairs at Vasco Núñez de Balboa Naval Base near the Pacific end of the canal before continuing on to Naval Station San Diego.[35][36] Upon the ship's arrival in San Diego, the leak was revealed to be through the lubrication cooling system, though the cause remains unknown.[37]
References [ edit ]
More Young Russians Discover Rap As A Form Of Self-Expression
They are obsessed with epic rap battles, embodied by multi-lingual, Oxford-educated Russian rapper Oxxxymiron, who was last seen battling California rapper Dizaster on YouTube with millions of views.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Other than the warm relations between the two presidents, tensions between the United States and Russia remain high. A national security strategy marks Russia as a major concern. Investigators are still exploring Russian meddling in the 2016 election. International media in Russia have been told to register as foreign agents, but an artform born in America has found a home in Russia. NPR's Lucian Kim reports on Russian rap.
LUCIAN KIM, BYLINE: Russian poetry has come a long way. This is a country that has long revered its 19th-century poet Alexander Pushkin. But if you ask young Russians what excites them, they'll rattle off names like Johnyboy, MC Moonstar and, of course Oxxxymiron.
(SOUNDBITE OF SONG, "GOROD POD PODOSHVOI")
OXXXYMIRON: (Rapping in Russian).
KIM: Oxxxymiron is Russia's rapping superstar. His epic rap battle with a rival this summer racked up almost 30 million YouTube views.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
OXXXYMIRON: (Rapping in Russian).
KIM: In real life, he's a 32-year-old native of St. Petersburg named Miron Fyodorov. The Oxxxy in his stage name refers to the University of Oxford where he studied medieval English literature. In October, Oxxxymiron brought Russia's rap battle fever to the U.S., hyped up in this YouTube video.
(SOUNDBITE OF YOUTUBE VIDEO)
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #1: Everybody talks about views, but nobody knows one of the highest-viewed battle rappers isn't even American.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #2: The guy's from Russia and his views are [expletive] crazy.
KIM: Oxxxymiron faced off against Dizaster, a Los Angeles-based battle rapper.
(SOUNDBITE OF YOUTUBE VIDEO)
UNIDENTIFIED CROWD: (Chanting) Oxxxy, Oxxxy, Oxxxy.
KIM: For 45 minutes, the two traded rhyming insults with the requisite dose of cursing.
(SOUNDBITE OF YOUTUBE VIDEO)
OXXXYMIRON: I got brothers in this club that would love to rush ya. I'm going to turn Mount Rushmore into Mother Russia.
(CHEERING)
KIM: Battles like these get millions of views on YouTube where rappers can make full use of the Russian language's wealth of swear words that no TV channel could ever broadcast. Like American rap, Russian rap was born on the street with gangsters and drug dealers and guys running away from the police. But now it's so mainstream that it's even attracted Moscow's middle class. For $90 a session, kids can learn how to freestyle at a special rap school.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN #3: Woo.
UNIDENTIFIED CHILD #1: Woo.
UNIDENTIFIED CHILD #2: Woo.
UNIDENTIFIED BOY: (Rapping in Russian).
KIM: The owner is a 27-year-old rapper who goes by the stage name SunRay.
ANTON KUDRIN: My name is Anton Kudrin, and I'm a rapper and businessman.
KIM: He says Oxxxymiron's blockbuster rap battles have helped fill his school with teenagers and kids as young as 7. The teacher is an up-and-coming rapper called Alex-ike.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
ALEX-IKE: (Rapping in Russian).
KIM: Alex is 26 but says he's been rapping since he was 13.
ALEX-IKE: (Speaking Russian).
KIM: Alex says rap is the most intellectual form of popular music. The words, he says, are everything. Aliya Pogorelskaya agrees. Her 9-year-old son Dima is one of the students.
ALIYA POGORELSKAYA: (Speaking Russian).
KIM: She says Dima is reading and speaking on a higher level. He's become interested in the history of the Russian language, and he wants to learn English so he can rap in it. Pogorelskaya says she was a fan of heavy metal, but now her son has converted her to rap. Lucian Kim, NPR News, Moscow.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
If the Wall Street Journal and yet another data map are to be believed, it's low-key (but not low-key for looong!) Greenwood Heights. And why not! It's Park Slope- and cemetery- adjacent, which is reason enough as-is. But there's actual data backing this up, too.
According to RealtyTrac, which put together a map of the best “hipster zips” (ugh) for return on rental properties nationwide—yes, San Francisco's on there, too—criteria for a high value hipster neighborhood include “disproportionately large population in the prime hipster age range—between 25 and 34,” high percentage of citizens who use public transportation, high percentage of renters (as opposed to property owners), and low vacancy rates. In other words, it has to be popular and full of young people. They also sort of state the obvious:
“Thanks to an influx of trendy restaurants, bars, coffee shops and other amenities,” the company explains, “a neighborhood branded as hipster is likely to see property values and rental rates rise while vacancies and foreclosures decline.”
A little unexpectedly, the area in Brooklyn that fits the bill most, at least according to the site, is in the 11232 zip code, which encompasses the (admittedly, debated) borders of Greenwood Heights. Elsewhere in New York, they pointed to Sunnyside and Hoboken as burgeoning hot spots (there were none in Manhattan). What does it all mean? Down with north Brooklyn? Up with cemetery proximity? Or just useful information if you happen to be in the real estate business, and a means of killing time before we all get offline and go about our respective Thanksgiving plans.
Follow Virginia K. Smith on Twitter @vksmith.
(ArsTechnica) -- Some people still doubt the iPad's chances for success, but current sales rates suggest that the device could rank among top consumer electronics categories within a year.
As noted by Bernstein Research analyst Colin McGranahan, consumers are adopting the iPad faster than any other consumer electronics device, including the iPhone and the near-ubiquitous DVD player.
"The iPad did not seem destined to be a runaway product success straight out of the box," said McGranahan in a recent note to investors, acknowledging the many criticisms about the iPad's lack of certain features at launch.
"By any account, the iPad is a runaway success of unprecedented proportion."
The iPad's current sales rate is approximately 4.5 million units per quarter, according to Bernstein. That tops the 1 million per quarter that the original iPhone sold at launch, and the 350,000 per quarter when DVD players first launched.
If the current rate persists, the iPad could become a $9 billion per year business, blowing right past game consoles and cell phones to become the fourth largest consumer electronics category. That would put the iPad right behind TVs, smartphones and laptops.
With numbers like these behind it, it's no wonder that companies like Samsung and Research in Motion are rushing to score a piece of the touchscreen tablet market.
With yet more competing products in the pipeline, Apple will have to work hard to translate its first-mover advantage into consistently stellar sales as it has done with the iPod and the iPhone.
COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM
Kevin Sorbo famously played the atheist professor who converts to Christianity in the film God's Not Dead, a movie so awful that critics said “little about the story is intelligently designed,” “the Almighty deserves better,” and “even by the rather lax standards of the Christian film industry, God's Not Dead is a disaster.”
But it made shitloads of money. So he's going to repeat the formula by playing an atheist author who converts to Christianity. (Never let it be said that Sorbo doesn't have range as an actor.)
According to news reports, Sorbo and his wife, actress Sam Sorbo, have just finished filming their next project, Let There Be Light. The premise?
Sam Sorbo got the story idea for “Let There Be Light” and co-wrote it with producer Dan Gordon. “The idea hit me,” she said. “I wonder what would happen if the world's greatest atheist had a come-to-Jesus moment?” Her husband plays a famous atheist author who has a near-death experience.
So… it's a fictional movie based off of the rumors surrounding, and (eventually), who has gone so far as to say he'll have a tape recorder by his side on his deathbed so everyone knows he's still an atheist.
And if the character literally has a “come to Jesus” moment, it's also a far cry from philosopher Antony Flew, the atheist who later in life accepted a form of Deism (but hardly Christianity).
It's not that “famous” atheists can't or won't convert. It's that they've spent their whole lives examining the evidence for faith, and it's all thoroughly unconvincing. Even less convincing is evidence for a specific brand of faith.
This film will appeal to the same kind of audience that thought God's Not Dead was a documentary. Because let's face it: If a Kevin Sorbo movie ever converted you to Christianity, your atheism was never very strong to begin with.
The film, which has a $3 million budget, is scheduled for release around Christmas of 2017.
(Screenshot via YouTube)
A new lithium-air battery created by researchers at the University of Cambridge points the way to the ultimate battery packs of the future, its makers say. With a very high energy density, more than 90 percent efficiency and the capability for more than 2,000 recharge cycles, the new test battery could prove an important stepping stone in the development of this essential technology.
If you're getting tired of announcements about breakthroughs in battery technology, that's understandable: as they're so essential to modern life, many teams of scientists are busy working on the problem around the clock, but it's an incredibly complex area of chemistry. Any new battery has to improve on what we already have, be safe to use in consumer gadgets, and be commercially viable enough to be affordable for manufacturers.
Those are difficult targets to hit, and that's why many 'miracle' batteries have since fallen by the wayside – once the initial lab work is done, proving concepts and scaling up production is very difficult to get right. The potential rewards are huge though, not just for smartphones but for electric cars and solar power, where batteries are essential for storing energy to use when the sun isn't shining.
The idea of a lithium-air or lithium-oxygen battery isn't new – scientists have known for a while that these types of batteries can hold up to 10 times the charge of today's lithium-ion packs (imagine not having to charge your phone for a whole week). What the Cambridge University team has done is overcome some of the practical challenges that had previously prevented lithium-air technology from being a viable option.
The new battery from the Cambridge University lab has a higher capacity, better efficiency and improved stability compared with previous attempts – this stability, crucial if we're to put these batteries into millions of cars and smartphones, was reached by using a 'fluffy' carbon electrode made from graphene. What's more, by changing the chemical mix from earlier versions of lithium-air batteries, the researchers were able to prevent the battery from degrading significantly over time.
"What we've achieved is a significant advance for this technology and suggests whole new areas for research – we haven't solved all the problems inherent to this chemistry, but our results do show routes forward towards a practical device," said Clare Grey, the paper's senior author, in a press statement.
Now for the bad news: this technology is still a decade or so away. The demonstration battery produced by the scientists still needs pure oxygen in order to charge – not something many of us have a ready supply of – and there's still the risk of the battery exploding due to the dendrites (spindly lithium metal fibres) created during the charging process. Eventually, these issues will be dealt with, but it's going to take a lot of research and experimentation first.
"While there are still plenty of fundamental studies that remain to be done, to iron out some of the mechanistic details, the current results are extremely exciting... we've shown that there are solutions to some of the tough problems associated with this technology," added Grey.
The research has been published in Science.
Then she wrote about it for The Gloss.
Here's my answer:
I think its more complex than that. Our economy is quickly becoming what people like to call a “knowledge economy,” in which the financial rewards for smart people who are really work oriented are tremendous. Smart women rationally respond to this by spending more time in school acquiring the tools they think they need in the knowledge economy, and once in the work force, working more and harder. The rewards for the dumb staying in school or working long hours are considerably smaller, so they rationally choose more leisure time. What's more, with the economy geared in ways that limit their opportunities, attaching themselves to a smart mate is one of the few tactics for economic advancement. So dumb chicks have both greater opportunities and greater incentives to try harder to date smart men than smart women do.
Interestingly, the hedge funder who Jennifer asked gave a very similar answer:
Dating a less successful woman isn't about wanting women to be dumb. It's about wanting someone who prioritizes their life in a way that's compatible with how you prioritize yours. I love my job, but I work all the f**king time. If I date an equally driven woman, we're both working 18 hours days, when do we even have time to see each other? We don't. I date a kindergarten teacher who works—f**k, I have no idea how many hours kindergarten teachers work. How many hours do you work? Really? Sh*t. Well, you're a really driven person and you love work. But the theoretical Kindergarten teacher, she has a more flexible schedule, she'll be able to accommodate me, it's going to be easier. Just on a literal level, it's easier. Why don't women do this too? Every alpha woman I know wants to be with a man who is as successful as her or more so. And coordinating that stuff is almost impossible. Why don't they just date some beta male who works in a bookstore and will make dinner for them every night? Doesn't every successful person—man or woman—see how that's easier?
But the answers from the tech start-up guy, the photographer and another journalist were very different. So is this just a Wall Street trope? Or are me and the anonymous hedge fund guy onto something?
__________________________________________
Questions? Comments? Email us atNetNet@cnbc.com
Follow John on Twitter @ twitter.com/Carney
Follow NetNet on Twitter @ twitter.com/CNBCnetnet
Facebook us @ www.facebook.com/NetNetCNBC
Climatologists have spent decades politely warning that we are cooking our planet, but now one has decided to stop sugar coating it. Professor Jason Box of the Geological Survey of Denmark and Greenland tweeted “If even a small fraction of Arctic sea floor carbon is released to the atmosphere, we're fucked.”
Box was responding to research by Stockholm University reporting “vast methane plumes escaping from the seafloor” in the Arctic Ocean.
The scientists who made the discovery were more restrained. “This was somewhat of a surprise,” chief scientist Orjan Gustafsson wrote. Although there have been plenty of reports of methane plumes in the Arctic before, these have been a forewarning of danger, rather than a direct threat themselves. Microorganisms in the water column scavenge methane as it rises. Provided they can get to it before it reaches the surface the climate change damage is small.
However, at some locations the Swedish team saw bubbles reaching the surface. Dissolved methane concentrations were 10-50 times background levels, and expedition members report “sniffing methane”.
“While there has been much speculation about the vulnerability of regular marine hydrates along the continental slopes of the Arctic rim, very few actual observations of methane releases due to collapsing marine hydrates on the Arctic slope have been made,” Gustafsson wrote.
The methane was released from a steep continental shelf 250-500m beneath the Laptev Sea off Siberia. There is evidence that the last vestige of the Gulf Stream, which reaches this point having wrapped around Scandinavia, has become warmer in recent years, and this may be triggering the release.
Explorations of the Arctic Ocean are so recent we don't know whether such events are unprecedented, but we do know the area has warmed dramatically in recent decades.
Simultaneously, evidence is building that methane release is the cause of the craters that have suddenly started appearing in other parts of Siberia. When interviewed by Vice Box said if he knew the tweet was going to attract so much attention he would have included the methane in permafrost, since this could be equally dangerous, but says he doesn't know enough about the holes to comment on their relation to climate change.
Box is a highly credentialed scientist, whose main area of research is dark snow, snow that has had soot and black carbon fall on it, speeding its melting. He blogs at Meltfactor, where he says we need “an aggressive atmospheric decarbonization program. We have been too long on a trajectory pointed at an unmanageable climate calamity; runaway climate heating. If we don't get atmospheric carbon down and cool the Arctic, the climate physics and recent observations tell me we will probably trigger the release of these vast carbon stores, dooming our kids' to a hothouse Earth. That's a tough statement to read when your worry budget is already full as most of ours is.”
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos became the second richest person in the world for the first time ever on Thursday.
Bezos narrowly passed Zara founder Amancio Ortega to become the world's second richest person by 2 p.m. Eastern on Thursday. For the rest of the afternoon, Bezos, Ortega and Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett, whose net worths were all within $100 million of each other, traded spots in Forbes' Real-Time Rankings. When markets closed, Bezos and Buffett were tied as the world's second richest person, each with a net worth of $75.3 billion.
Bezos has never ranked so high among the world's richest people. His net worth is now just $11.6 billion behind the net worth of his fellow Washington resident, Microsoft cofounder Bill Gates, who is the world's richest person. Bezos lives in Seattle, while Gates, who has an $86.9 billion fortune, lives in the neighboring city of Medina.
When markets closed on Wednesday, Ortega was $280 million richer than Bezos and $770 million richer than Buffett. On Thursday, his net worth dropped $270 million while Bezos' increased $160 million. Buffett was the day's biggest gainer; his net worth increased $600 million as Berkshire Hathaway stock climbed 0.8%.
While Buffett has long been one of the richest people in the world, Bezos has had a rapid rise to the top ranks of the three comma club over the past few years as Amazon stock has skyrocketed. Five years ago, Bezos was the 26th richest person in the world with an $18.4 billion fortune on the 2012 Billionaires List. Then, Bezos cracked the ranks of the top 10 richest people in the world for the first time on the 2016 World's Billionaires List with a $45.2 billion fortune. In the 2017 Rankings, Bezos was the world's third richest person and the year's biggest gainer with a $72.8 billion fortune on the 2017 Billionaires List.
Bezos first appeared on FORBES' ranking of the 400 richest Americans in 1998 with a $1.6 billion fortune, one year after Amazon's IPO. Buffett, who is 33 years his senior, appeared on the very first Forbes 400 in 1982 with a net worth of $250 million. He was listed as a billionaire for the first time three years later on the 1985 Forbes 400 at the age of 55.
