Expand Vaclav Havel, Former President of the Czech Republic, gets a standing ovation at the end of the 15th Forum 2000 Conference on "Democracy and the Rule of Law" in Prague, October 11, 2011. © 2011 Reuters
(New York) – Human Rights Watch is deeply saddened by the death of Vaclav Havel, the playwright, political dissident and former Czech president who died on December 18, 2011. “Havel inspired his people, and millions more across eastern Europe, to stand up for democracy and fundamental human rights in the face of seemingly insurmountable odds,” said Kenneth Roth, executive director at Human Rights Watch.
Havel was also a great friend and supporter of Human Rights Watch and worked closely with Helsinki Watch, its predecessor organization, during the dissident struggle against oppression under Communism. We will miss his wise advice and wry humor. We send our condolences to his family, friends and admirers everywhere.
Ford recently announced plans to push car development to the backburner but that hasn't stopped work on the all-new Ford Focus.
Recently caught in wagon form, the redesigned Focus is a step in the right direction as the car has sporty appearance particularly in the ST trim shown here. Despite the presence of heavy camouflage, we can see the model has a sporty front fascia, a unique grille, and five-spoke alloy wheels with a black finish.
The prototype also has new headlights that mimic the Thor's Hammer headlights that are found on vehicles from Volvo. Other notable changes include a sportier greenhouse and a more pronounced shoulder line.
At the rear, the wagon has an evolutionary tailgate with a larger spoiler. Rounding out the changes are new LED taillights and a sportier bumper.
Ford hasn't such much about the redesigned model but global markets boss Jim Farley recently revealed the Focus will be introduced in Europe early next year. The executive also confirmed plans for a luxury-oriented Vignale model as well as a crossover-inspired Active version.
Power will likely be provided by an assortment of three- and four-cylinder engines. There will also be plug-in hybrid and electric variants as well as sporty models such as the ST. The later is rumored to have a turbocharged 1.5-liter engine developing around 275 hp (205 kW).
Photo Credits: CarPix for CarScoops
Photo Gallery
Dive Brief:
The city of Las Vegas has struck a deal with NV Energy that puts it on track to use 100% renewable energy, assuming the solar arrangement is approved by state regulators and the city council, Platts reports.
The partnership would dedicate a portion of the output of a local solar facility currently under to city operations. The 100 MW (AC) Boulder Solar power plant, being constructed near Boulder City, Nevada, would supply the power.
At the same time, the Nevada Public Utilities Commission has issued proposed orders to allow three casinos to leave NV Energy's service, though the gaming establishments will pay more than $125 million in fees. Some of the largest customers of the utility, casinos, have argued power rates are too high and want to purchase power on the open market.
Dive Insight:
The utility scene in Las Vegas is in for quite a shakeup. While the city is on course to get all of its energy from renewable sources, some of the largest consumers in the region are opting out of the local utility's service and will instead try their luck in open markets.
Vegas leaders announced last week that it had inked a new partnership with NV Energy that would power every city-owned streetlight, city park, community center, fire station, service yard and public building with renewable energy. Coupled with power the city receives from NV Energy that already satisfies the state's renewable portfolio standard, the new deal will allow the city of Las Vegas' retail load to be served 100% by renewable energy.
“This partnership is going to be a sustainability game changer for our city,” Las Vegas Mayor, Carolyn Goodman said in a statement. “One thing people are surprised by is how environmentally conscious Las Vegas is when all they know appears to be less than sustainable. However, we are proud to join other community and business leaders who are all leaders in conservation."
Las Vegas joins a growing number of municipalities choosing to use all renewable energy, but the city's size makes it unique. "If the approvals happen we will become the first city of our size in the nation to achieve 100% renewable energy for city operations," Goodman said. Already this year, Aspen, Colo., Georgetown, Texas, and Rochester, Minn., have all announced they would be moving to 100% green power.
But at the same time, the city's biggest power users are planning to opt out of NV Energy's service, upset at the utility's rising profits while rates have remained steady. Las Vegas Sands Corp., MGM Resorts International and Wynn Resorts have all received approval from the PUC to leave the utility's service, but they will pay a combined $126.6 million in fees to avoid having higher costs passed on to other customers.
Caesars Entertainment Corp. has also indicated it will seek other electric supplies, according to Casino News Daily. MGM makes up almost 5% of the utility's annual sales.
Proposed orders issued by the PUC would allow their exist, but with fees: $15.7 million from Wynn; $23.9 million from Sands and almost $87 million from MGM. Those fees would be on the low end of what PUC staff previously recommended: a max of $28 million for Wynn; $24 million for Sands; and $128 million for MGM.
Suppose I have this simple JavaScript function:
function returnArray(){ return [1, 2, 3]; }
Further suppose that I then say
var test = [0, ...returnArray()];
You'd expect test to be equal to [0,1,2,3], and you'd be right. I tried that and of course it works.
Now I have this exercise where I'm supposed to build a function called double that takes an array as a parameter and returns another array that contains all of the original array's values doubled. So if I call double([1,2,3]) I should get [2,4,6]. The constraints of the exercise are that I must use only array destructuring, recursion, and the rest/spread operators to build my function. No array helpers allowed. So I came up with this:
function double(array){ if (array.length===1) return 2*array[0]; var [num, ...rest] = array; if (rest.length!=0) return [2*num, ...double(rest)]; }
If I run this function with any array whose size is at least two, I receive an error message saying that double is not a function. If I remove the ... operator before double, magically double is a function again, except that of course the result of double([1,2,3]) is [2,[4,6]], which is not quite the same as [2,4,6].
My first thought was that maybe, for some weird reason, you can't use ... in front of a function, even if the function returns an array, so I tested this hypothesis with my the returnArray() function above, and found out that it works just fine. I have no idea why it breaks down in the exercise. I can only guess recursion might have something to do with it, but I have no clue why it would be so. Can anyone point out what's wrong my my code?
EDIT: Thanks everyone, it was quite a silly mistake! I should have seen it. I added comments to some of your answers.
I've been asked about these types of articles a few times now.
Earlier this month, Fox News published “The collapse of Rand Paul and the libertarian moment that never was,” by Jerry Taylor, president of the Niskanen Center, a Washington, DC think tank. Taylor wrote, “If there were any significant support for Libertarian ideas in the GOP—any at all—Rand Paul would be near the top…”
On Friday, Western Journalism's Jason Farrell wrote a piece called “Why libertarians are failing at politics.” Farrell writes, “those who await a libertarian takeover of the GOP misunderstand the fundamentally radical nature of libertarian ideas…”
Today at PJ Media, Walter Hudson has a piece “The sober takeaway from Rand Paul's decline.” After citing Taylor and Farrell's pieces, Hudson declares in one sentence, “libertarianism remains a fringe ideological niche rather than a consequential political movement.”
The basic premise of these pieces is this: In the marketplace of ideas, libertarianism has been rejected and Rand Paul's lackluster election performance proves it.
If this election was about ideas, they'd have a point.
But it isn't.
The four-months running Republican frontrunner, Donald Trump, supports so many un-Republican and anti-conservative ideas–universal healthcare, eminent domain, raising taxes, just to skim the surface–that we have to believe one of two things:
1. This is where Republicans are now on these issues.
2. Republicans like Trump so much, they don't care.
Most observers would agree it's number two.
Other than immigration, Trump's campaign is anti-establishment, anti-politically correct and anti-politics-as-usual. These are reactive positions not premised on any philosophy of governing or anything resembling policy.
It's all emotional.
As late as spring and even before, when Rand Paul's poll numbers were significantly higher than Trump's, some ideas were being debated. Foreign policy. Police reform. The drug war. We were closer in time to that potential “Libertarian Moment” the New York Times wondered about in 2014 and that some pundits now insist is forever lost because of the current state of the election.
But voters are not necessarily rejecting libertarianism, in the same way they are not necessarily rejecting Mike Huckabee's social conservatism or Marco Rubio's neoconservatism.
None of these things are being considered at the moment. The current GOP political climate is about being pro-Trump and anti-everything else. Trump's speeches are even mostly about how he thinks all of his opponents suck.
With the exception of immigration, it's arguably the most idea-free election in recent memory.
No ideas, libertarian or otherwise, have a chance to bloom unless Trump eventually gets out of the way. That might never happen. We just don't know.
Also, half of the appeal of Paul and fellow tea party candidates like Ted Cruz has been their anti-establishment style. Trump and Ben Carson are commandeering most of that territory too, for the moment. But will this last the entire election? No one knows.
Rand Paul might not get beyond his current poll numbers and libertarianism may indeed be on the wane within the GOP. But to declare any ideas dead, the election first has to become about ideas.
On the Republican side, this simply hasn't happened yet.
Disclosure: I co-authored Senator Rand Paul's 2011 book The Tea Party Goes to Washington.
Two men who are almost purely the creatures of television. Two men who both glean what they know of the world from what we once so quaintly called the idiot box. One man reads very little, and the other cannot read or write at all. TV frames their views of life. You might even say that for them, TV is life. Simultaneously, TV has made both men celebrities. But it's not merely that TV allows this pair to find fame and flourish. More than that, this medium that deals almost exclusively in images and surfaces is the only venue through which either man could ever have ascended so meteorically to celebrity.
So, is Donald Trump our Chauncey Gardiner?
You know, the ultimate empty suit protagonist of Jerzy Kosinski's 1970 novel, Being There, and the subsequent film made from the novel by Hal Ashby in 1979 starring Peter Sellers?
It's a fair question, since both Trump and Chauncey are, in their respective ways, almost purely creatures of television. It is their shared window on the world, and not only that: Each man also owes his success to television. Trump, a reality TV star, is completely at ease in a milieu where image crafting and soundbites are the lingua franca. Nothing he says is meant to be read, only seen and heard. Perhaps that is unfair. No one has ever forged a literary style out of one-liners before, not even Groucho Marx. Give Trump credit for that.
Chauncey, too, is purely a product of television. When he stumbles into fame early in both novel and movie, television takes up his cause in an instant, because he is in every sense camera ready. He knows all the tropes of TV (it's all he knows, except gardening), so he goes on the news or the talk shows and succeeds magnificently by being agreeable, slightly enigmatic, and saying little or nothing.
Of course, there is no there there in Being There, any more than there is in Trump's pronouncements, either as a candidate or a chief executive. Chance the gardener becomes Chauncey Gardiner because he has no past that can be checked or held against him. Trump owes at least some of his political success to the fact that he has no record. You can't hold him to anything because he's never done anything, politically speaking. Watching Trump on the stump was like watching some weird savant who seemed to be saying something of substance, until you examined what he'd just said or, god forbid, asked for more detail. But there were no details, only slogans and soundbites that revved his followers and then exploded like soap bubbles. Scratch one thin veneer, and you come upon another thin veneer, because deep down, he's shallow.
Ultimately, though, the comparison of Chauncey and Donald falls apart because with Chauncey there really is nobody home. Not so with Trump. No one will ever accuse him of being an intellectual, but no one ever said he wasn't quick and clever and opportunistic.
What does not collapse, on the other hand, is a comparison of the story in Being There and our current national narrative. In fact, that comparison holds up frighteningly well.
Both novel and movie chart Chance the gardener's progress and transformation from nobody to somebody and not just any somebody but a media star embraced almost universally for his wisdom and particularly his uncanny grasp of economics. Chance is a default innocent (the novel resolutely refers to him throughout as Chance, even when others, misapprehending his name, start calling him Chauncey—thus on nearly every page we are reminded of the dichotomy of a man whose very name signifies indeterminacy being mistaken for what he is not). He is nothing like Trump for he truly has no command of his destiny, or for that matter, any interest in it. He has no more idea of the future than the family dog. The story, in this respect, is not about Chance but about the effect he has on others and the events he sets in motion.
Being There critiques the empty calories of fame, but its true target is our willingness, especially in the age of mass media in general and TV in particular, to hear and see what we want to hear and see. When Chance is taken in by a wealthy woman and her financier husband, they do so largely because he dresses like a wealthy businessman. The misunderstandings only multiply after that. But at every turn, no matter what he says, those around him and those who see him on TV take his words as confirmation for whatever world view they hold.
Now, no one will ever say that Donald Trump is all things to all people, but clearly his wild assertions made without much evidence struck home with millions who watched him campaign. And sometimes it wasn't even his conservative base who bought his bloviating. On election night, a CBS exit poll said 27 percent of those who wanted the next president to be more liberal voted for Trump. Evidence be damned, they saw what they wanted in him, a Being There moment if ever there was one.
But the best line in the movie (and not in the book at all), certainly the most timely, comes from Louise, the African American cook and housekeeper in the house where Chance has lived all his life as the gardener. Louise and Chance are the first characters we meet at the beginning of the story. Then the old man they work for dies, and Chance and Louise are let go. We run into Louise briefly near the end of the movie, by which time she is living in a retirement home and the man known to her as Chance is appearing on her TV screen as Chauncey Gardiner, a venerated wise man of Washington. Louise sees right through that. Turning to the other people watching TV with her, she scoffs, “It's for sure a white man's world in America,” then goes on to say, based on her personal experience, what an illiterate mushwit Chance is. “All you got to be is white in America to get whatever you want,” she concludes. But no one pays Louise any attention.
The guidebook for the Bugs calls the West Ridge of Pigeon Spire ‘the best 5.4 scramble in the world,‘ which in my opinion is analogous to your grandmother telling you that you're the handsomest boy in the 7th grade. I was in no position to judge it's position as the best 5.4 scramble in the world because to date I've done exactly one climb matching that description, but it was pretty friggin' cool (and for the record, I was the handsomest). I'll take the guidebook at it's word but feel free to chime in with your own personal contender for the title.
We climbed this line on our first full day up in the hut so were unfamiliar with the general layout of the park beyond some beta we collected from other climbers. Leaving the hut in the dark at 5:30am was a bit unnerving but there were more than enough cairns for us to find our way through the boulder field en route to the glacier. We tried to move quickly through this section as just a few days before a hiker was crushed under an 8 ton boulder in the very same area, with only a herculean multi-organization rescue effort to thank for saving her life.
At the toe of the glacier we met up with a group of four heading to the same climb so we decided to navigate the glacier together, with James and me on one rope and the team of four on another. James and I were a bit quicker getting our crampons and ropes on so started out on the lead. Luckily the glacier was totally dry, meaning that all crevasses were visible. The only challenge was occasionally leaping across an opening or meandering through the glacier field looking for a suitable bridge. This was a surprisingly boring/terrifying experience, just walking and walking and walking interspersed with occasional bouts of heart-in-throat moments of ‘I really hope this holds.'
The first two hours or so of glacier crossing was uneventful and very flat, but eventually we reached a section where the glacier hit a slope of around 20 degrees. It began to accumulate snow here, but because the route is so well travelled there was basically a highway of footprints leading the way through the crevasse field.
I found this section extremely challenging. Every step was much, much more tiring than a similarly-angled slope at home (20 degrees isn't very steep). Towards the end of this section every thought I had was directed only towards my legs and lungs, forcing one step after another. I can only blame the altitude for this, as I know my fitness was otherwise more than up to the task. For context, I've lived on the East Coast at sea level my entire life, with my previous high elevation point likely around the ~1,000m mark, if not lower. By the time we reached the end of the glacier we were more than double that mark, at ~2,700m elevation. I was nauseous, dizzy and didn't feel like eating. It's hard to look back and recall exactly how terrible I felt but I remember thinking at the time that it was without a doubt the single hardest physical effort I had put forward in my life.
After the 4 hour approach was over (like I said, I was moving glacially slow. ha!) we could start getting ready for the climbing. The six of us talked at the bottom who was going to climb first. One of the party of four was an experienced alpinist who was in the Bugs on a Live Your Dreams grant from the American Alpine Club. He elected to solo the route and started off. The other three would climb on one rope so James and I decided to go next as the three guys didn't expect to move very quickly.
Even though the soloist made the initial section look like a piece of cake we were worried about getting sandbagged and didn't want to get into a situation where a ‘scramble' was actually a terrifying 5.6 rock exploding solo like we had on Katahdin. We roped up, planning to simul-climb until I ran out of gear on lead. We found the first two pitches ‘super casual' (my favourite new term I pilfered from a climber we met on route from Washington State), only placing gear every once in a while. After we finished the second pitch of simu-scrambling we decided that the route was, in fact, a scramble, with a few minor exceptions and decided to unrope to make up some time.
The next couple of hundred metres of climbing flew by. The route had great exposure along the second ridge, forcing us to pay 100% attention to the scrambling moves as we didn't want to experience the 1000 feet of sheer exposure on either side any more intimately than we already were. Reaching the ‘au cheval' pitch, however, I found my confidence evaporating and asked for a belay. The climbing turned out to be easy but I was glad for the rope, as a strong gust of wind had the potential to blow me right off the ridge and over the side. Here we met the soloist on his way back down and grabbed some beta for the last 1/3 of the climb before he took off back over the au cheval pitch, moving with the confidence and tempered speed befitting an alpine climbing grant recipient.
The last 1/3 was on the North side of the spire. Many of the flat surfaces, nooks and crannies were stuffed with ice and snow, making moving unroped much more interesting. After some route finding discussions and a ticking clock we hit the last pitch. Even though the actual 5.4 section looked like a quick and easy move across we decided again to rope up lest we encounter something harder around the corner and had to reverse. I led up around the final crux move, glad for the rope as the large hand crack move was less secure feeling than it looked like from the belay. I moved up into the final snow-filled gully, placing a few pieces to keep James secure, and reached the summit block.
I belayed James up, hoping I'd play on his worry that we'd have to retreat before reaching the summit due to time, by calling down ‘I think we'll have to turn around!' I was right, after all, but he didn't know that it was because we had reached the top. After a couple of summit photos and debate over whether the right or left summit block was higher (we decided we didn't care) we started back down. After two raps to get off the summit block you're forced to reverse the route. Apart from just one short section where we downclimbed while roped up we decided to descend unroped, reversing some difficult moves that I had made sure to protect on the way up. It was one of the most mentally turned-on yet confident climbing experiences I've had so far. Not that I necessarily condone solo'ing 5.12 but I now understand it better. I'll also concede that me saying this is probably akin to someone saying they understand what driving a NASCAR must be like because they passed someone on the highway once.
The descent went quickly (maybe 30-45 minutes?) and we met back up with the team of four from earlier. The soloist had taken a nap to wait for his partners and the other three guys wisely turned around earlier in the day when they realized they weren't making good enough time to tag the summit and get back down safely. We put our glacier gear back on and hit the road, following our tracks back down across snow bridges that looked like they had melted out somewhat since the morning, making for a few ‘this is definitely not going to hold,' moments.
All in all the trip took 13 hours hut to hut. The guidebook recommended 6-10 hours so we weren't that far off, especially compared to our previous alpine trip times. We recognized that there were a few areas that we could have made up a significant period of time:
Be faster. Between me struggling with the altitude and us taking extra care over the glacier we probably could have saved at least an hour if not more. One the way back we were passed by a team of two guys that were moving as fast as if it were a regular hike. In retrospect the glacier was safe enough to do that, but I'll chalk it up to first time jitters. I'm not sure if I could have done much at the time to speed myself up. As the trip went on I became more comfortable moving quickly in the thinner air so it may just be a time thing, I needed to adjust. I also could have used an ‘extra gear' to move quicker when needed; I just didn't have it. I could plod forever and ever but couldn't kick it up a notch without gassing immediately. I'll address this in another post.
Be less amazed. I noticed after reviewing the video footage that we spent a LOT of time just standing and staring at how ridiculous everything was. In other words, be way more jaded about how awesome climbing is so that we move faster.
Trusting ourselves that a scramble is actually a scramble and we can move confidently through that terrain without a rope. If we had started scrambling unroped from the beginning we would have cut another hour off of our time. However, moving that way helped James come up with a great way of managing the rope to quickly move from scrambling to roped climbing and back to scrambling without having to screw around with uncoiling/coiling the rope. I'll get him to describe it in its own post because I think it's a very valuable skill to have. You can catch it for a second in the ‘Traverse' video above.
Be quicker at transitioning between hiking, glacier travel and climbing. This problem is mostly mine as I seem to take forever to do things like get crampons on or organize my gear. We could have also saved 5-10 minutes by getting the rope in ‘glacier mode' the night before, but now I'm splitting hairs.
All in all it was a great day. There was none of the major problems that we've run into so far on our alpine climbs so the writing is a little bit less dramatic. Everything worked and we even got back to the hut while the sun was still up!
Given the way the rest of the trip went I think it was a great end to our training year. I'll be back for sure and my appetite for real alpine climbing is finally justified. Instead of thinking I'll like it now I know I like it.
Matt
P.S. In the week or so that this post has been sitting in the hopper I've been having dreams/nightmares where I continually slip and fall off during the descent and plummet to my demise on the glacier below Pigeon. Maybe this is my brain trying to deal with the exposure? I don't remember being scared during the day but I've fallen to my death while sleeping now probably a dozen times or more since getting back so there's something going on. Please provide any amateur dream analysis, Freudian psychology or Tarot reading in the comment box.
Top 5 Sexiest Mario Power-Ups
Is there anything in any video game more immediately and sensually satisfying than the sound of that sweet, sweet power-up from Mario? Have a litte click below for yourself, though be careful doing it in a public space — you'll never know how you might react!
To celebrate the announcement of Switch (and the unannounced Mario title they teased) and also because our appetite for all things Mario is insatiable, we decided to come up with a definitive list of the most attractive Mario power-ups. Because sometimes it's not just about how much damage you can do with them, but whether or not you can walk the walk.
Bee Mario
The prominence of Bee Mario in the marketing for Super Mario Galaxy, ass hanging out as he grins cheekily over his shoulder, was undoubtedly the point of sexual awakening for many current Mario fans. Issues of Nintendo magazines across the country were cut-up as Mario in this classic pose adorned bedrooms everywhere. This was a wake-up call to many that the Nintendo Wii wasn't just a children's console.
To this day the soft, crisp visuals of Super Mario Galaxy, the pose, and the tantalising angle chosen by the marketers at Nintendo still make Bee Mario a top contender for one of the most attractive power-ups, not just in Mario games, but games in general. He's giving you that over the shoulder, leaving the living room, “I'll see you upstairs” look for sure.
Spring Mario
As you're likely aware, the attractiveness of a Mario power-up doesn't always just come down to its gameplay or usage in game. A large part of it comes from how it's presented to the player even before they play the game. Anticipation and expectation are where everything begins. Marketing and previews are the foreplay of the video game industry, and boy with Super Mario Galaxy did they deliver.
In some ways Spring Mario doesn't even seem to be a power-up at a glance. Mario appears to be in trouble, in the grips of some new enemy. It's this juxtaposition in which the true attractiveness of the power-up is revealed. Mario doesn't have much control in this form. His eyes are wide and he's a bit scared. But this is something he chose to do, something he gave up willingly. He is trusting you, the player, to guide him in his vulnerable state to the exit, and that's beautiful.
Goomba's Shoe
These shoes don't even belong to Mario at first (hence their name). These are shoes originally ridden in by Goomba that Mario despatches of and takes for himself. He just nestles right on in there, and gets ready for a comfy ride to the stage's exit. It's a power up so illicit you can't even take it between stages with you. Without Mario stopping them, the Goomba would just hop around in there indefinitely, so you can be sure the inside of those shoes aren't cared for very well. Who knows what Mario is getting up close and personal with down there? Doesn't it make your mind race and your heart skip a beat?
After over 20 years of not appearing in a game as a usable power up, the Goomba's Shoe finally made its return in Super Mario Maker, so that players could toy around with the delectable shoe to their hearts' content, even making levels where Mario rides around in a shoe with no danger if they wanted, all warm and snug and tucked in. But that's not even the best bit! If riding in that stinky, nasty green shoe wasn't enough for you, the Goomba's shoe now comes in more variants, including the dangerous Stilleto shoe, which is more than we could have dreamed of. Naturally, the Stilleto shoe is the most powerful, and can really get in there to punish the bad boys Mario does not care for, such as Bullet Bill Canons and even Thwomps. The next thing he'll be crushing is my heart.
Blimp Yoshi
That boy got blown up! This power up alone justifies the inclusion of Yoshi in Super Mario Galaxy 2. Mario was already used to riding Yoshi, but now he's taking it to a whole new level, gently spooning the top of this voluptuous and opulent form of Yoshi.
Once Yoshi wraps his lips around a Blimp Fruit he instantly swells up into this gassy “blimp” form, where he and Mario can reach new heights while cuddling. But you better act fast, as good things can never last. That gassy mound within the shapely and curvaceous body of Yoshi runs out after time.
While it's fun to include Blimp Yoshi in this list, I'd also like to mention that Dash Yoshi and Bulb Yoshi are most definitely not on this list. Both Dash and Bulb forms of Yoshi are, frankly, abominations that almost make the game unplayable as they are so vomit-inducing.
Double Cherry
What's better than one Mario? Why, two Marios of course. Or possibly more, as this is one power up that does stack, meaning you can pop cherry after cherry with these Marios with no sign of stopping. While the Double Cherry (introduced in Super Mario 3D World) doesn't change much about Mario, the simple fact that it multiplies his already existing sex appeal by a factor of 2 and possibly more makes it cream of the crop in my book.
The decision to include the Double Cherry in Super Mario 3D World was clearly inspired by Alan Moore's legendary graphic novel Watchmen, where, in an early scene, the omnipotent Dr Manhattan uses his powers to create multiple versions of himself while making love. Imagine that, just with a more portly man who is a plumber and elegantly moustached. Thanks, Super Mario 3D World!
We can't wait to see just what surprises the as yet untitled and unannounced Mario Switch game has in store for us! Fingers crossed!
This article accompanies the Film Society of Lincoln Center's dual retrospective of the films of Jacques Rivette and David Lynch and is part of an ongoing review of Rivette's films for the Notebook, in light of several major re-releases of his work. Notebook
At first, David Lynch's most rigid film, the mellifluous Blue Velvet (1986), being paired with Jacques Rivette's buoyant, fluid 2007 adaptation of Balzac's La Duchess de Langeais, might seem like a rather unusual way to begin a film series intending to strike up parallels between the two (at least heretofore) unconnected film directors. The swings from love to hate and back again between the lovers in The Duchess of Langeais are matched and counterpointed by the swings of Rivette's late camera, both balanced and frantic in its restless pursuit of clarification which, of course, it never seems to find. In contrast, Lynch presents Blue Velvet's world like a series of shop-front window displays. The balance and triteness of the movie's saccharine surface is undisturbed by its characters discovering an inexorable sexual violence in its make-up, in their homes, gardens, diners, hotel complexes. And likewise, the same characters, so fixed in place by their pat ideals of sex, love, and living, miss the significance of their own story altogether. Their lives, unlike Langeais and Montriveau's in Rivette's film, are not consumed by the spiraling passion they haplessly stumble upon. That the netherworld Jeffrey (Kyle McLaughlin) encounters in Blue Velvet—the hidden cabals of deviants, murderers, corrupt cops, and Roy Orbison-impersonators that litter the course of his ever-deepening descent—ultimately affirms his trite bleach-commercial fantasies is a more unsettling thought still.
Lumière and Company, where both were invited to work with the original Lumière camera and conceive of a single-take, 52-second short. Blue Velvet's equally bravura, equally on-the-nose opening, the candy-wrapper artifice is peeled away, exposing the mysterious, throbbing organs underneath. (Bruce Springsteen's definition of it: “Everything was there, but underneath, everything was rumbling.”) It's both utterly sincere and utterly ironic (and obvious), and owing to the same contradiction that constitutes Blue Velvet's clash of superficial styles. Out 1 (1971/4) and Céline and Julie Go Boating (1974)1, is a light spoof of the Lumière-Bazin ethos of untouched documentation; as his scene plays out, the grid-like wide-shot begins to swim with activity, as each quadrant populates and unpopulates: a girl arcing, caroming across the frame as she rollerblades in and out of shot, a discombobulated The Duchess of Langeais, the build-up of criss-crossing movements—endless pageants and balls in the former, the rollerblader tracing circles around the others in the Lumière short—appear to be never-ending, each gesture paving the way for two or three more. Rivette's camera, for all its revelation of photographic reality, is rendered utterly useless in penetrating its subjects or consolidating a perspective. The characters of The Duchess of Langeais are caught in a kind of lateral sweep, a waltz with the camera, at first leading, then being led in turn. The action is so self-perpetuating—the soaring emotion and cruel sadism of Langeais and Montriveau's love games, for which we have no interior reference, as well as the whirling of dancers as they glide around the room—that it outpaces even the darting tracks and pans of the camera at every moment. The only time that Lynch and Rivette's paths have hitherto crossed was as participants in the 1995 centenary omnibus project,, where both were invited to work with the original Lumière camera and conceive of a single-take, 52-second short. In his , Lynch—in a bravura, multi-layered sideways motion, closing and opening the lens to hide his shifts in-between sets—glides through a Lois Weber-like bit of pastoral intrigue and into a bizarre, underground, webbed fantasia: a naked woman strung up and writhing in a giant test-tube while jilting monsters with cheese-wheel heads ominously, conspiratorially stagger toward her. Like's equally bravura, equally on-the-nose opening, the candy-wrapper artifice is peeled away, exposing the mysterious, throbbing organs underneath. (Bruce Springsteen's definition of it: “Everything was there, but underneath, everything was rumbling.”) It's both utterly sincere and utterly ironic (and obvious), and owing to the same contradiction that constitutes's clash of superficial styles. Rivette's contribution , like its somewhat longer predecessors(1971/4) and(1974), is a light spoof of the Lumière-Bazin ethos of untouched documentation; as his scene plays out, the grid-like wide-shot begins to swim with activity, as each quadrant populates and unpopulates: a girl arcing, caroming across the frame as she rollerblades in and out of shot, a discombobulated Lumière-style gentlemen wobbling with his newspaper, a child who furtively follows the movements of the rollerblader. Like, the build-up of criss-crossing movements—endless pageants and balls in the former, the rollerblader tracing circles around the others in theshort—appear to be never-ending, each gesture paving the way for two or three more. Rivette's camera, for all its revelation of photographic reality, is rendered utterly useless in penetrating its subjects or consolidating a perspective. The characters ofare caught in a kind of lateral sweep, a waltz with the camera, at first leading, then being led in turn. The action is so self-perpetuating—the soaring emotion and cruel sadism of Langeais and Montriveau's love games, for which we have no interior reference, as well as the whirling of dancers as they glide around the room—that it outpaces even the darting tracks and pans of the camera at every moment.
In Blue Velvet, quite the opposite is true: the infamous Hopper-Rossellini “Mommy!” sequence is doubly electric because of the cold stare of Lynch's mastershot, as is the later scene at Ben's apartment (a similarly bizarre angle on Ben's ethereal, tacky version of Roy Orbison's “In Dreams”). Like an approximation of the Ludovico Technique, this image is never entirely subjective and never entirely objective—it's difficult to imagine the moment as seeing through Jeffrey's eyes and ears, as the perspective seems so entirely devoid of psychology. The images Rivette conjures for even the most sedentary of sequences in The Duchess of Langeais are altogether less fixed, as even conversations between the protagonists are covered in wide shots that either horseshoe from one side to another, suggesting flatness, or forcefully track in and out for emphasis, suggesting depth, but approach a similar border of subjective/objective. In Rivette's ball sequences, where our perspective could well be three or four perspectives at once, or none, the mystery of things, mysteriously, is not dissipated.
193 SHARES Share Tweet
Luis Severino, Aaron Judge and the New York Yankees are headed back to Cleveland for a decisive Game 5 — thanks to plenty of help from the Indians.
Severino rebounded from his playoff debacle, Judge delivered a big hit and the Yankees took advantage of shoddy defense by Cleveland to beat the Indians 7-3 Monday night and even their AL Division Series at two games apiece.
“We've got a shot now,” said New York manager Joe Girardi, harshly criticized for his Game 2 decisions. “So it's a totally different feeling than it was the other day, and these guys have picked me up.”
CONTINUE BELLOW AFTER THIS AD
Gary Sanchez homered and a slumping Judge laced an early two-run double for his only hit of the series to go with 12 strikeouts in 15 at-bats.
Opposite field tater from Gary Sanchez: pic.twitter.com/xpS4TRytDI — Today in the MLB (@TodayintheMLB) October 10, 2017
Cleveland starter Trevor Bauer struggled on three days' rest and was chased in the second inning. But it was on the wet Yankee Stadium field where the Indians really flopped, committing a season-high four errors that marked a franchise record for a postseason game and led to six unearned runs.
The defending AL champions made only 76 errors all season, the lowest total in the league.
“The whole night, we made it hard on ourselves to win,” manager Terry Francona said.
After preventing a three-game sweep with a 1-0 win Sunday night, the wild-card Yankees will start CC Sabathia against his original team in Game 5 on Wednesday. Indians ace Corey Kluber gets the ball in a rematch from Game 2, when he was hit hard by New York.
“It's hard to imagine giving it to somebody better,” Francona said. “We're looking forward to it.”
The winner faces Houston in the AL Championship Series after the Astros finished off Boston in four games Monday to win their ALDS.
“We've got a young team and they're hungry,” Severino said.
Simply taking two in a row to send the series back to Cleveland was no small feat for the Yankees. The last time the Indians lost consecutive games was Aug. 22-23 at home against Boston, just before starting their AL-record 22-game winning streak. From that point on, Cleveland had gone 35-4 before arriving in the Bronx for Game 3 of the ALDS.
Minus injured slugger Edwin Encarnacion, the Indians have scored three runs in two games since.
Severino got only one out in the wild-card game against Minnesota last Tuesday, but was bailed out by his teammates as New York advanced with an 8-4 victory. This time, the 23-year-old ace was determined to come through, and he did.
“I think he was able to relax a lot more. He was able to control his adrenaline,” Girardi said. “He was able to channel things down and make his pitch, as opposed to just trying to power his way through it.”
Handed an early 5-0 lead and showing lots of emotion on the mound, the fired-up righty struck out nine in seven innings. With the crowd of 47,316 chanting his name, Severino threw 113 pitches and gave up four hits — including Carlos Santana's two-run homer and Roberto Perez's solo shot.
“I told him after the game, he grew up a lot today,” Girardi said.
Tommy Kahnle relieved a wild Dellin Betances in the eighth and got six straight outs — five on strikeouts — for his first save of the season as New York improved to 3-0 when facing playoff elimination this year.
“There's a lot of confidence in that room,” Girardi said.
Sanchez hit his second home run of the series off Bryan Shaw in the sixth to make it 7-3.
A rainy day in the Big Apple prevented both teams from taking batting practice on the field. But the tarp was pulled and play started right on time, with fans in hooded ponchos bunched below the overhangs seeking cover from a heavy drizzle.
Showers dissipated in the bottom of the first, though a few puddles remained on the slick warning track all night.
The first of two costly errors by normally sure-handed third baseman Giovanny Urshela, a .224 hitter in the lineup for his defense, was a painful one. Starlin Castro's sinking line drive in the second struck him just above the left ankle and caromed away.
Shaken up, Urshela was checked by a trainer but stayed in the game.
With two outs, Todd Frazier pulled a 78 mph curve to deep left and it landed smack on the foul line for an RBI double. A frustrated Bauer gestured with his hand when he didn't get a strike-three call on a checked swing by Aaron Hicks, who soon singled home a run.
Brett Gardner singled and, after a mound visit from Indians pitching coach Mickey Callaway, Judge had a gritty at-bat. The rookie slugger was 0 for 11 with nine strikeouts in the series before fighting back from 0-2 to a full count and lining a two-run double to the left-field wall on one hop.
“Just had to grind it out,” Judge said.
After pulling in at second base, he clapped and pointed to the Yankees dugout.
Bauer managed only five outs after tossing two-hit ball with eight strikeouts over 6 2/3 innings during a 4-0 win in the series opener last Thursday. All four runs he allowed were unearned.
“I thought my stuff was better than Game 1,” Bauer said. “Just a couple of little things went their way instead of mine.”
Urshela's two-out throwing error with the bases loaded in the third made it 5-0.
Frazier reached on pitcher Danny Salazar's two-base throwing error to start the fifth. He scored on Gardner's shallow sacrifice fly to center fielder Jason Kipnis, a second baseman moved to the outfield late this season. Kipnis began the year on the disabled list with a shoulder problem.
“As a team, we didn't play the greatest defense tonight,” Bauer said.
Watch an emotional Joe Girardi says his players picked up him following the tough loss in Game 2. @YESNetwork
An emotional Joe Girardi says his players picked up him following the tough loss in Game 2. pic.twitter.com/kPwMjNspjE — YES Network (@YESNetwork) October 10, 2017
Trainer's room
Indians: Encarnacion sat out again after leaving Game 2 with a sprained right ankle. Before the game, Francona said the team hoped Encarnacion would be available to pinch-hit. … OF Brandon Guyer is scheduled for surgery Wednesday in Arizona to repair a tendon in his left wrist, ending any chances of him playing in this postseason.
Up next
Indians: A favorite to win his second Cy Young Award next month, Kluber went 18-4 with a 2.25 ERA and 265 strikeouts this season. Those impressive numbers included a 2-0 mark with a 1.59 ERA against New York that left him 5-1 with a 1.80 ERA in seven career regular-season starts vs. the Yankees. But they got to him in Game 2 last Friday for six runs and seven hits over 2 2/3 innings.
Yankees: If they don't win Game 5, it could be Sabathia's final outing for the Yankees. The 37-year-old lefty was 14-5 with a 3.69 ERA this season and can become a free agent after the World Series. He was removed with an 8-3 cushion in Game 2 at Cleveland after only 77 pitches. New York's vaunted bullpen squandered the lead and the Yankees lost 9-8 in 13 innings.
Yankees Top Indians 7-3 in the Bronx, Force a Decisive Game 5. Severino rebounded from his playoff debacle. Judge delivered a big hit in win over Cleveland.
A British teenager has become the first child in the UK to be cured of epilepsy by a robot that drilled deep into his brain.
Billy Whitaker, 15, had suffered daily seizures for seven years until the operation two weeks ago, which medical experts are convinced has cured him.
The procedure used a £350,000 ($503,455) robot, practically the same as those used on car factory production lines, to drill electrodes into Whitaker's brain.
The electrodes then pinpointed the epicenter of his debilitating attacks with accuracy for the first time, enabling surgeons to remove the tiny piece of brain causing the seizures.
Patient plays saxophone throughout his 12-hour brain surgeryhttps://t.co/IoTAM0g7xs — RT UK (@RTUKnews) December 17, 2015
Whitaker previously underwent a conventional epilepsy operation, which involved removing a different part of his brain, but the procedure failed to cure his attacks.
Doctors are confident this latest operation has cured the epilepsy for good, but said “only time will tell.”
Consultant neurosurgeon Michael Carter said they suspected several parts of the brain, which could have caused the residual seizures.
“We used the robot to implant a series of electrodes using ultra-high, sub-millimeter precision into these small areas of the brain, in order to see if his seizures were coming from them,” he said.
Successful, positive people have different brain connections http://t.co/60szgo2brkpic.twitter.com/SMPRzENcZ6 — RT UK (@RTUKnews) September 29, 2015
“In fact, we located the area absolutely beautifully using one of the electrodes and on the strength of that we took him back to theatre a week later and we removed the area of brain tissue that was defined by the examination.
“We can use the robot to define extremely safe and high precision trajectories through the brain tissue, so that we can implant a number of electrodes through tiny little holes in the skull, with little stab incisions, directly into the areas we want. It is incredibly well tolerated, and got a very high safety profile, and gives us very high quality recordings,” he added.
Scientists discover specific brain cells responsible for alcoholism http://t.co/Q40MiWZHz4pic.twitter.com/XaiyquVYkC — RT UK (@RTUKnews) September 8, 2015
Speaking after the operation on January 21, Billy said he was looking forward to playing sport again.
“Being seizure-free means I will be able to take part in sports like football and rugby again. I love playing sport and continue to play golf, but since my epilepsy diagnosis I can no longer play for teams as this often increases the number of seizures I have,” he said.
“It is exciting to be the first patient to have been treated at the hospital with this technique, especially as I and my family have traveled all the way from Cornwall.
“Although it is sometimes boring being monitored, the care I have received and the nurses who have treated me, have inspired me to look at the potential of working for the NHS and in a hospital.”
Blow the whistle on financial fraud, earn valuable rewards.
The Securities and Exchange Commission approved rules Wednesday that could make it highly lucrative for Wall Street whistleblowers and other corporate insiders to alert the agency to securities violations.
The agency was acting at the behest of Congress and President Obama, who mandated the rewards last year in legislation responding to the mortgage meltdown.
Under the rules, whistleblowers will be entitled to receive 10 percent to 30 percent of the money they help the SEC collect through enforcement actions.
Corporations had lobbied intensely for rules that would impose constraints on whistleblowers. But a majority of SEC commissioners rejected pleas by business groups that, before going to the SEC, whistleblowers should be required to notify the companies they are accusing of wrongdoing and give them a chance to address the allegations.
“Today's rules are intended to break the silence of those who see a wrong,” SEC Chairman Mary L. Schapiro said.
“For an agency with limited resources like the SEC, I believe it is critical to be able to leverage the resources of people who may have firsthand information about potential violations of the law,” Schapiro said.
Schapiro, an independent, and two Democratic commissioners voted for the rules over the opposition of two Republican commissioners.
Republican commissioner Kath­leen Casey said that, by allowing whistleblowers to bypass companies' internal compliance programs and go straight to the SEC, the agency might allow problems to become more serious. She said the SEC was overestimating its ability to sift through complaints from tipsters.
The issue was one of the most contentious that the SEC has faced in its response to the financial crisis of 2008. It was also a bellwether of the agency's direction under Schapiro, an Obama appointee who previously headed a self-regulatory organization for Wall Street firms.
Some observers expected the SEC, whipsawed by competing interests, to chart more of a middle course or to side outright with corporate groups.
House Republicans, who hold power over the agency's purse strings, added to the pressure on the SEC to tilt toward the business community.
Instead, on key points, the corporate wish list was rebuffed.
Whistleblower advocates said they were surprised and relieved by the outcome.
“It was a great day for whistleblowers,” said lawyer Stephen M. Kohn, executive director of the National Whistleblowers Center. “The SEC refused to buckle under tremendous pressure from Wall Street lobbyists, led by the Chamber of Commerce, who worked overtime trying to undermine historic corporate whistleblower protections.”
If the business lobby lost, it might have been because it overreached and discredited itself by arguing that whistleblowers should be required to first contact the very companies they are accusing of wrongdoing, Kohn said.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, a chief critic of the proposal, condemned the vote.
“This rule will make it harder and slower to detect and stop corporate fraud,” leaders of the group said in a statement. “Not informing the company of a potential fraud and waiting for the SEC to act is the equivalent of not calling the firefighters down the street to put out a raging fire and instead calling the lawyers from the next town to sue over the fire.”
Business groups had argued that the SEC would be overwhelmed with tips, many of them unfounded or irrelevant to securities enforcement, such as complaints based on personnel disputes.
But SEC enforcement director Robert Khuzami told commissioners Wednesday that he saw no evidence of such problems. Rather, the agency has already seen an increase in high-quality tips with detailed supporting information, Khuzami said.
SEC enforcement official Stephen Cohen illustrated the point by noting that a whistleblower recently provided a road map to a possible fraud that saved the agency six to 12 months of investigative work and revealed wrongdoing that the agency might not otherwise have detected.
The rewards could deter executives from committing fraud, said lawyer Dean Zerbe, who represents informants.
“Knowing that whistleblowers are being encouraged to dime them out will make the next [Bernard] Madoff think twice and three times before they go down a bad path,” Zerbe said.
Perhaps the biggest consolation for corporations is that, when determining the size of a reward, the SEC could give whistleblowers credit for taking their allegations to the firms' internal compliance programs.
Some companies argued that corporate officers, directors and compliance personnel — people responsible for fielding and acting on internal complaints — should be ineligible for rewards.
The SEC banned such personnel from the program, but then added major exceptions: Those employees could still alert the SEC and receive bounties if they believe such disclosure might prevent substantial injury to the company or its investors, or if they think the company is acting in a way that would impede an investigation.
tl;dr: I think there's a real danger that striving for an ultrafast test suite, will lead you to overly mocky, disjointed tests which don't help you catch bugs and don't help you code well.
At this year's DjangoCon, Casey Kinsey gave a talk in which he (at least ostensibly) advocated striving for faster test suites. As we'll find out, I've often thought that striving for fast tests suites can be a bit misguided, so I went along preparing to disagree loudly -- as anyone who knows me can attest, disagreeing loudly is just about my favourite thing to do, and a major character flaw.
As it turns out I found very little to disagree with, aside from one particularly tortured use of a Mock object which definitely made baby test sanity Jesus cry. It was an excellent talk, and full of good advice, as well as the memorable quote "The Database is Hot Lava"
But, is it?
The traditional argument: slow tests are bad
Here's the traditional argument for fast tests:
Tests that take ages to run won't get run, which will break your development process in several ways, and reduce the benefits you get from testing. You won't pick up defects early, because no-one is running the full test suite before committing, and you won't be able to get the secondary benefit which you hope to gain from TDD, which is better designed code, because you can't do TDD with slow tests.
The reference for this point of view is Gary Bernhardt's talk from Pycon 2013, entitled Fast Tests, Slow test If you haven't already, I strongly encourage you to watch that talk, Gary knows what he's talking about, whereas I suspect I don't.
update 2013-09-17 -- everyone should also watch Gary's follow-up talk, Boundaries in which he expands on the concepts of test isolation, and how it fits with trying to adopt a more functional paradigm in the core business logic of your application.
Why I think this is wrong: fast tests don't help you code, and they don't help you find bugs
I'm being deliberately provocative here, and this is a bit of a strawman, but I think the problem with turning slow tests into fast tests is that you end up with worse tests. Why is that?
faster tests mean more "unittey" tests -- tests with fewer dependencies
that means using more mocks
that leads to a very granular test, which are highly decoupled from each other
and that, ultimately, doesn't help you find unexpected bugs
and it doesn't help you find regressions when you're refactoring either
So let's look at an example. Imagine our site does a bit of setup for each user: it makes a temp folder for them, and then sets a flag on their user profile:
Imagine this:
def setup_user_environment ( user ): setup_temp_storage ( user ) profile = user . get_profile () profile . environment_setup = True profile . save ()
Here's the kind of test I'm inclined to write:
def test_sets_up_temp_storage_and_sets_flag_on_profile ( self ): user = User . objects . create ( username = 'jim' ) setup_user_environment ( user ) self . assertTrue ( os . path . exists ( '/tmp/jim' ) self . assertTrue ( user . get_profile () . environment_setup )
Arg! That's not a unit test at all! It touches the database, which is hot lava! Worse still, it touches the filesystem! It'll be really slow! And it has too many dependencies!
That, at least, is what the purists would say. They would prefer a "fast", test that looks like this - a "real" unit test:
def test_calls_setup_temp_storage_and_sets_flag_on_profile ( self ): mock_user = Mock () with patch ( 'myapp.setup_temp_storage' ) as mock_setup_temp_storage : setup_user_environment ( mock_user ) mock_setup_temp_storage . assert_called_once_with ( mock_user ) mock_profile = mock_user . get_profile . return_value self . assertEqual ( mock_profile . environment_setup , True )
Well, I would argue that you have a much less readable test there, and it's also a test that's very closely coupled to the implementation. It discourages refactoring, because something as simple as changing the name of the helper method setup_temp_storage involves changing the test code in 4 places -- three of which (eg mock_setup_temp_storage ) won't be found by automated refactoring tools.
IMO, there's no point in a test that duplicates the implementation, line for line, with a series of mocks
Imagine I change setup_temp_storage to take a username instead of a user. I go and find its unit tests and change it, then change its implementation. What will happen next is that my unit test for setup_user_environment would break, because it uses the real function, and so that's my reminder to change the place it gets used.
In contrast, in the "fast" test, setup_user_environment is mocked, so that test will still pass, even though my code is broken.
Sure you could argue that my os.path.exists call is tightly coupled to the implementation of setup_temp_storage , and that if I end up using it in lots of tests, they'll be annoying to change, if I ever change the location of temp storage, for example. But I could factor it out into a test helper method, if I notice myself duplicating test code a lot.
What is the correct balance of unit to integration tests?
Now unit test purists and I would probably agree that this example doesn't prove you should never mock anything, or that "proper" unit tests are useless. Clearly, both are useful, and as my example clearly shows, you definitely need some level of integration tests to check that all your pieces fit together.
What I am saying is that, in a case where you can test a piece of code with either a mocky or a non-mocky test, I prefer non-mocky tests. Gary Bernhardt says you should aim for 90% unit tests vs 10% "integration" tests (which is what you'd call the kind of test I write), and I tend to think the ratio is more like 50/50.
Unit tests are definitely better for nailing down code which has lots of edge cases and possible logical pitfalls -- like the classic example of a roman numeral converter. But my assertion is: in web development, that kind of code is rare:
helper methods on models tend to be quite simple
view functions tend to be simple: get a post request, instantiate a form, save a database item if the form validates and redirect, return a template with errors if not
code tends to be hard to unit test without mocking -- the database, the Django request/response stack, or the template layer, or whatever.
I've just tended to find that there aren't many places where I find myself spelling out more than 2 or 3 tests for any given function -- in which case, I tend to find, unit tests don't offer any substantial advantage. In the example above, there's probably only one two cases, maybe a second one for the case where setup_temp_storage raises an exception.
But what about the fact that integration tests are slow? The database is hot lava! Isn't it?
The database is, at worst, lukewarm lava
NB - this is Django-specific
Remember, Django uses an in-memory Sqlite database when you're running its unit tests. It's pretty fast. Here's a test suite which hits the DB for some tests and not for others, with 1,000 tests of each:
from django.db import models class Car ( models . Model ): colour = models . TextField () def get_colour ( self ): return self . colour . capitalize () import unittest from django.test import TestCase from myapp.models import Car class FastTest ( unittest . TestCase ): def create_car ( self ): return Car ( colour = 'blue' ) class SlowTest ( TestCase ): def create_car ( self ): return Car . objects . create ( colour = 'blue' ) for i in range ( 1000 ): method_name = 'test_car_{0}' . format ( i ) def testfn ( self ): car = self . create_car () self . assertEqual ( car . get_colour (), 'Blue' ) setattr ( FastTest , method_name , testfn ) setattr ( SlowTest , method_name , testfn )
So what's the difference in speed between the two?
$ python manage.py test myapp.FastTest Ran 1000 tests in 0.108s $ python manage.py test myapp.SlowTest Ran 1000 tests in 0.311s
A factor of 3. YMMV. At most one order of magnitude, but certainly not two orders of magnitude. And notice that's 1000 tests, still running in less than a second. So, is shifting from tests that run in microseconds to tests that run in tens of microseconds really worth all the losses in terms of readability and ease of refactoring?
Unsurprisingly, it's all down to your own circumstances
I think we all have a tendency to take the solutions we've applied to our own particular circumanstances, and want to generalise them to universal rules, saying they should apply to everybody.
Casey's team didn't have a CI setup, so their only way of preventing regressions was for the individual developer to run the full suite before checking in code. Their test suite was taking 45 minutes to run, leading to developers skipping the test run and checking in broken code. You might argue that their real problem was a problem of process, but they couldn't fix that, so instead they put effort into making their tests faster, and in the process made them more efficient and better, so it was a win for them.
At work, we also have a unit test suite that takes 45 minutes to run (many of the tests aren't very unittey, and are in fact very integrationey). So there's no way that we run all the unit tests as we do TDD (which we do for everything). Instead, we run a subset of the tests (usually the Django app we're working on), and we leave the CI system to run the full unit test suite overnight.
And you know what? The full unit test suite almost never picks up any bugs.
That's because our code is well compartmentalised, and, even though they're not very unit-ey unit tests, they are still quite granular and independent from each other.
Instead, we have a suite of 400-odd functional tests that run with Selenium; these are definitely integration/system tests, or what some people would call acceptance tests. They check every part of the application -- and they do find unexpected bugs. They take about 8 hours for a full run, so you bet we only run one or two individual FTs during day-to-day TDD.
Now, we're building a PaaS, so we have a lot of what Gary B. would call "boundaries" - a lot of dependencies on external systems: the filesystem, the database (we run a shared-hosting database-as-a-service too), Tornado + websockets, Paypal, Dropbox, github, pypi, linux chroots and cgroups, CRON, Nginx and uWSGI, and many more. There are a lot of moving parts, and ultimately the only thing that's going to reassure us that everything really works is a full-stack test.
So that's what works for us. We are pretty much forced to have a lot of slow tests, so maybe I'm just trying to justify our own specific circumstances and try and force a generalisation onto the world.
My turn to generalise from my own circumstances!
But I'm not so sure. I really think there's something to it. I think you really do lose a lot from using mocks everywhere, and I think that the price you pay in terms of test speed is sometimes worth paying if you want more "realistic" tests.
I would say this: don't optimise prematurely. Start by writing tests in the way that seems most obvious to you, tests that are as readable as possible, and don't couple themselves too tightly to the implementation with a lot of mocks. If test speed becomes a problem at some point down the road, there are plenty of smart people out there that will give you tips on how to speed them up -- just remember that mocky unit tests don't really test your application, so you'll need to keep a few end-to-end tests in there no matter what.
Over to you folks! I'm far from an expert, have only been writing tests for about 3 years, and all for the same company. Have you ever been bitten by a bug because your tests were too mocky? What ratio of unit tests to integration tests works for you?
About
The world is entering an age of independance. More and more, people are straying from the beaten path, and finding their own way. No longer are people bound by social stigmas such as "staying in college", "owning a property", "have a steady job", "living in just one place". More and more people are realizing that travel is happiness. Traveling the world might be a clichè of a dream, but for good reason. For diferent people, it means different things. Adventure in an average life, expanding cultural knowledge, making new friends, meeting old friends, being anonymous and emotionally independant, and of course, self discovery.
And in many cases, the pull one feels from a far away place, that calling, is enough to make them step out their door. But many of us dream of places that are harder to reach. And in this world, distance still equals money. So lots of travellers at heart can't fulfill their dreams, and some will never know how much they love to travel.
Now, I need you to think about something, about the money you might give away to a stranger who might say that it's for a trip. And all they want is 1 dollar. You might give it to them. Even though you might never know if that was true, or what your money was used for in the end. Now, imagine the same situation, but this time you can be 100% sure that the money will go to the trip, and the stranger will be so grateful , that he'll keep you informed with pictures and messages of what you helped him achieve. This might be a bit more appealing. Especially if the stranger has a secure profile on an app with this purpose.
"Fund my trip", will form a community of like-minded individuals, that all share the love for travel and want to help each other out. There are many popular apps for true travellers out there, and this one will fit right in. Filling a need. When someone feels that longing for discovery, they can post their trip for everyone to see, and it will be featured in the website, and the travel board listings. Other people will be able to, not only fund, but ask to join their trip, and offer advice as well. To make sure the money goes to traveling, the funds will go straight into purchasing the plane, boat, train, or bus ticket (which the app will handle). You haven't seen gratefulness until you've helped out a fellow traveller. And this will be reflected in the app. Once succesfully funded, the traveller will be able to keep in touch with those who helped him get to his destination, and send messages, pictures and information. But more importantly, every time you donate to someone, you will be earning "travel points", rising in rank, and making your profile more visible to others and keeping it high up in the listings. These points can also be recieved as a gratification gift, from travellers you invested in.
(First prototype diagram of app layout)
Once you are ready to join the rest of the world explorers, you can post your own trip, and a description of why you want to go. Besides your post being visible to the world, via social media, the website, and the app. The people who you donated to, will recieve a personalized notification, mentioning that you were part of why they were able to travel, and asking them if they would like to return the favor and help you reach your destination. And as mentioned before, travellers are very generous and grateful. It might take a few weeks, or months, and you might have to ask for just half the price of the ticket, and pay the other half yourself (this will be an option) but we believe that true travellers will want to share their love for new places, help fellow explorers out, and would love to be a part of your trip.
The funds raised will be used to pay for a team of graphic designers and coding experts to create and test the app, before launching it for good, any left over money will be used to fortify the publicity campaign that will include reviews, internet ads, invitations in social media, mentions in video blogs and physical brochures being handed out in local hostels and touristy areas.
Tour Down Under: Australian Caleb Ewan wins stage one
Updated
Young Australian cyclist Caleb Ewan has won stage one of the Tour Down Under in South Australia, crossing the finish line first after the 131-kilometre stage from Prospect to Lyndoch.
TDU leader board: 1. Caleb Ewan Orica GreenEdge (3:24:13)
2. Mark Renshaw Team Dimension Data
3. Wouter Wippet Cannondale
4. Marko Kump Lampre-Merida
5. Adam Blythe Tinkoff
Ochre jersey: Caleb Ewan
Caleb Ewan Sprint jersey: Caleb Ewan
Caleb Ewan King Of The Mountain: Sean Lake
Temperatures nudged 40 degrees Celsius during the stage from northern Adelaide to the Barossa Valley, and the 21-year-old rider survived a tight sprint to the line for his victory.
The peloton managed to catch the breakaway pack about six kilometres from the finish.
Ewan will receive a 10-second time bonus and will wear the race leader's ochre jersey into Wednesday's second stage from Unley, in southern Adelaide, to Stirling in the Adelaide Hills.
The young rider gave much of the credit for his stage win to his Orica GreenEdge teammates.
"I felt really good all day and the team obviously backed me all day, because they rode the front from the start, so I'm just super happy that I could finish it off for them," he said.
Ewan survived the final sprint just ahead of another Aussie rider, Mark Renshaw, with Dutchman Wouter Wippet finishing third.
Ewan has won six races this month but said this victory means the most.
"It's really a proud moment for me. I've never led a world tour race before and to lead my first one in my home country is a real honour for me," he said.
French cyclist Alexis Gougeard won both intermediate sprints of the opening stage, and also took out Most Competitive Rider for stage one, awarded to the cyclist who instigated the most attacks or breakaways, or helped their teammates to best advantage.
Toward the end of stage one, Aussie rider Mathew Hayman got a flat tyre and was swiftly given a replacement — the wheel of teammate Michael Hepburn's bike.
Topics: cycling, sport, lyndoch-5351, adelaide-5000, prospect-5082, sa
First posted
(Newser) – The Associated Press has talked to two unnamed law enforcement officials about the Nov. 1 shooting at LAX, and the officials reveal a number of potential missed opportunities. A major one: There were two armed officers assigned to patrol the TSA screening area where authorities say Paul Ciancia opened fire, killing one and wounding three—except they had gone on break and hadn't told a dispatcher they were doing so, as is required. One was reportedly on a bathroom break in or near a neighboring terminal; the other was in a car outside the terminal, en route to a meal break.
The airport police union chief countered that both were in a position to respond quickly, and explained that it's typical to "get to your [lunch] location and you tell them that you're there" so as not to lose break time while traveling. That left the area staffed only by unarmed TSA officers—who themselves failed to hit the panic button or call for help as they fled. An airline contractor eventually placed a call to a police dispatcher, who then radioed officers. That amounted to a nearly 90-second lag. Within a minute of that somewhat belated call, the two armed officers had reacted, says the union chief: one had stopped someone who ran out of the terminal and the other was heading toward the scene. The coroner determined TSA agent Gerardo Hernandez died within five minutes of being shot. (Read more LAX shooting stories.)
By Fredrik Dahl
VIENNA, Jan 20 (Reuters) - Iran has halted its most disputed nuclear activity under a ground-breaking deal with six world powers, a confidential U.N. atomic agency report obtained by Reuters showed, paving the way for the easing of some Western sanctions against Tehran.
The report by the International Atomic Energy Agency also said Iran had begun diluting its stockpile of uranium enriched to the fissile concentration of 20 percent - a level that took it closer to the capability of producing fuel for an atom bomb.
Iran was also continuing to convert some of this reserve into oxide for producing reactor fuel, the IAEA said, making the material less suitable for any attempt to manufacture bombs. Iran says its nuclear programme is entirely peaceful.
The IAEA will play a pivotal role in checking Iran lives up to its part of the interim agreement by curbing uranium enrichment in exchange for some relaxation of international sanctions that are severely damaging its oil-dependent economy.
It now has one to two teams of two inspectors each on the ground in Iran virtually every day of the year to check there is no diversion of nuclear materials, but one diplomat familiar with the matter said that presence would roughly be doubled.
The overall number of IAEA staff dealing with the Iran file - including analysts and logistical support at its Vienna headquarters - would also increase significantly as a result of the accord between Iran and the powers struck in November.
The diplomat made clear that the first day's implementation of the six-month deal had run smoothly with good cooperation.
The IAEA report to member states said: "The Agency confirms that, as of 20 January 2014, Iran ... has ceased enriching uranium above 5 percent U-235 at the two cascades at the Pilot Fuel Enrichment Plant (PFEP) and four cascades at the Fordow Fuel Enrichment Plant (FFEP) previously used for this purpose."
It was referring to the Islamic Republic's two enrichment plants, at Natanz and Fordow. Cascades are interlinked networks of centrifuge machines that refine uranium. Iranian state television earlier said Iran had halted 20 percent enrichment at Natanz and that inspectors were heading to Fordow.
Iran has been enriching uranium to 20 percent concentration of the fissile U-235 isotope since early 2010, stoking Western alarm over the nature of its nuclear programme.
NO ARAK "ADVANCES"
The IAEA report also listed other measures Iran had agreed with the six world powers - the United States, France, Britain, Germany, China and Russia.
Those included an undertaking that Iran would not build any more enrichment sites during this time under the deal, which is meant to buy time for negotiations on a final settlement of Tehran's decade-old nuclear stand-off with the powers.
Enriched uranium can have both military and civilian purposes. Iran denies Western allegations that it has been seeking to develop the capability to make nuclear bombs, saying it wants only to generate electricity from enrichment.
The IAEA report also said Iran was, as of Jan. 20, not "conducting any further advances" to its activities at the Arak heavy water research reactor, a plant under construction that could yield plutonium as an alternative fuel for atomic bombs once it is operational. Iran denies any such goal.
In a Jan. 18 letter to the Vienna-based IAEA, Iran had enclosed information on centrifuge assembly workshops, storage facilities and centrifuge rotor production workshops, the report added.
"The Agency and Iran have also agreed on arrangements for increased access by agency inspectors to the nuclear facilities at Natanz and Fordow, including in relation to weekends and holidays in Iran," the IAEA said. (Editing by Mark Heinrich)
Digital Album Streaming + Download Includes unlimited streaming via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more. Purchasable with gift card Buy Digital Album $1 USD or more You own this Sends as Gift
Share / Embed
about
A blast from my past. Most of these tunes are from 2008.
High Strangeness is a game about a young man named Boyd, who awakes in the middle of the night to find that his home has been intruded upon by shadowy villains. He soon finds himself on a quest to discover the secrets of a mysterious item, after unwittingly being dragged into a foreign world filled with the evil and mysterious Shadow Men. Although hesitant at first, our hero eventually realizes his role in a cosmic battle for peace throughout all universes.
credits
Music by Rich Vreeland
Artwork by Sam Bennett
This music was written with Propellerhead Reason.
The game "High Strangeness" is still in development and can be followed here: released August 15, 2009Music by Rich VreelandArtwork by Sam BennettThis music was written with Propellerhead Reason.The game "High Strangeness" is still in development and can be followed here: crystallabs.com/highstrangeness
license
all rights reserved
Getty Images
Well, Martellus Bennett apparently won't be re-signing with the Patriots.
Per a league source, the Colts have traded tight end Dwayne Allen to New England. The move undoubtedly slams the door on a potential return by Bennett to the Patriots, following his lone season with the team.
One year ago, the Colts signed Allen to a four-year deal, $29.4 million deal. The Colts paid out $12 million in 2016. The Patriots will pay him $5 million in 2017.
A third-round pick in 2012, Allen had 35 catches for 406 yards last season. The team recently re-signed Jack Doyle, who becomes the primary tight end.
The trade won't become official until 4:00 p.m. ET on Thursday. In theory, either side could renege on the deal before then.
Georgia reserve tight end Ty Flournoy-Smith was arrested Friday night on a misdemeanor charge of filing a false report of a crime.
University of Georgia police chief Jimmy Williamson said that Flournoy-Smith filed a police report with UGA in the last few days about stolen textbooks.
"He went through this whole story of his books being stolen," Williamson said. "We started looking into it and it was determined that the books were not stolen. He had taken his own books down to a local book buying company and sold them back to them."
Williamson said that Flournoy-Smith, who just completed his freshman season, appeared to have filed the false police report because there was a process with the athletic association in which Flournoy-Smith had to explain the lost textbooks.
"Once it was determined the books had never been stolen, that he had actually sold them for money for himself, that's when we took out a warrant for filing a false police report," Williamson said.
UGA police took out a warrant for his arrest with a judge and turned it into the Clarke County Sheriff's Office. Flournoy-Smith was notified about the warrant and turned himself in to police.
The Moultrie native was booked into the Clarke County jail at 10:56 p.m. Friday and released early Saturday morning at 12:41 on a $1,000 bond, according to the online booking report.
"As long as I've ever worked for the University of Georgia police, if somebody files a report of any crime and we designate resources to look into it and we conclude that these people knowingly falsely filed a report then we'll prosecute, we'll take out a warrant for filing a false report," Williamson said.
Flournoy-Smith tweeted about an hour after being released: "You live, and you learn."
Georgia coach Mark Richt is aware of Flournoy-Smith's arrest, team spokesman Claude Felton said. There was no word yet on any discipline for him.
Flournoy-Smith, 19, played eight games last season for the Bulldogs, but did not have a catch. He was a Class AAAAA all-state selection out of Colquitt County High School.
Flournoy-Smith is behind Arthur Lynch and Jay Rome on the tight end depth chart.
At the Radboud University Nijmegen Medical Centre, professor of experimental intensive care medicine Dr. Peter Pickkers and his team have performed research on "Iceman" Wim Hof. Hof claims that he can influence his autonomic nervous system and immune response through concentration and meditation. The results obtained are remarkable, however, the investigators emphasize that so far, these results have only been obtained in a single individual. Therefore, they can not serve as scientific evidence for the hypothesis that the autonomic nervous system and the immune response can be influenced through concentration and meditation techniques. Further research with larger groups is warranted.
Research on the immune response
A well-functioning immune system protects us against viruses and bacteria. However, excessive activation of the immune system can cause tissue and organ damage. The immune system is, in part, controlled by the autonomic nervous system, a system which cannot be deliberately influenced. Professor Peter Pickkers and PhD candidate Matthijs Kox investigate the effects of the autonomic nervous system on the immune response.
Pickkers said: "We administer endotoxin, a dead cell-wall component of bacteria, to healthy volunteers. The immune system reacts as if real live bacteria have entered the body and mounts an immune response characterized by the production of inflammatory mediators and flu-like symptoms like fever, chills and headache. These experiments are completely safe and have been performed on more than 240 subjects in our centre."
Results obtained in the Iceman
Wim Hof is well known for his remarkable activities in extremely low temperatures. Hof claims that he can influence his autonomic nervous system and thereby suppress his immune response through concentration and meditation.
To investigate this, Hof was administered endotoxin while practising his concentration and meditation technique. During this experiment, various measurements were performed, including brain activity, autonomic nervous system activity and inflammatory mediators in the blood.
Pickkers said: "After endotoxin administration, the increase of the stress hormone cortisol in Hof was much more pronounced compared to other healthy volunteers. We know that this hormone is released in response to increased autonomic nervous system activity and that it suppresses the immune response. In accordance, the levels of inflammatory mediators in Hof's blood were much lower. On average, Hof's immune response was decreased by 50 percent compared to other healthy volunteers. In addition, hardly any flu-like symptoms were observed. These results are definitely remarkable. However, so far, they have only been obtained in a single individual and therefore cannot serve as scientific evidence for the hypothesis that the autonomic nervous system and the immune response can be influenced through concentration and meditation techniques. Further research is warranted in which a group of volunteers that have acquired Hof's concentration and meditation technique is compared to a group that does not master this technique."
Ask companies like Adobe and Fiftythree, and they'll tell you that tablets are the future of drawing. Give in, and get used to the concept of touching a stylus to your screen. Because as hardware and software get better, you'll be able to create the sorts of things you can only dream about creating on paper.
Moleskine–the preeminent journal company with no lack of self-interest in keeping paper alive–has presented the vision of another possible future. Its new Livescribe Notebook ($30) appears to be a typical, tactile Moleksine. Except, when you write on it with a $150 Livescribe smartpen (a pen known for turning written, paper notes into typed, digital transcripts), your doodles and brainstorms are not only automatically backed up to an app, they're also infused with the conveniences of digital-native technologies.
The pen is programmed with the exact lines, margins, and buttons of the Moleskine paper, so it always knows where the pen is hitting the paper, which opens the possibilities for a gee-whiz user experience. If you'd like to tag a sketch to pull up later, you simply tap onto one of three icons printed at the bottom the page–a star, flag, or tag–much like you might tap an icon in your Gmail inbox. If you'd like to record a verbal note alongside your sketch, there are play, pause, and record icons at the bottom of the page, too. Additionally, two pull-out bookmarks offer some logistical features as well, like letting you update your pen's Wi-Fi settings (complete with password support), pairing your pen, or scrubbing through your recordings.
Now, a Livescribe pen, coupled with a Livescribe journal, can already pull off a lot of these stunts on their own. The cleverness here is that Moleskine and Livescribe are both thinking beyond their own brands, and designed the book and pen to work in tandem.
Moleskine is a powerful brand that does $100 million in sales a year [PDF], which Livescribe can use to extend its reach. At the same time, more than 90% of Moleskine's revenue is from paper products. Livescribe offers Moleskine an opportunity to stay relevant in the digital age.
Order the Livescribe Notebook here.
DALLAS (CBSDFW.COM) — The CDC has announced that the second healthcare worker diagnosed with Ebola — now identified as Amber Joy Vinson of Dallas — traveled by air Oct. 13, with a low-grade fever, a day before she showed up at the hospital reporting symptoms.
The CDC is now reaching out to all passengers who flew on Frontier Airlines flight 1143 Cleveland to Dallas/Fort Worth. The flight landed at 8:16 p.m. CT.
All 132 passengers on the flight are being asked to call 1 800-CDC INFO (1 800 232-4636). Public health professionals will begin interviewing passengers about the flight Wednesday afternoon.
“Although she (Vinson) did not report any symptoms and she did not meet the fever threshold of 100.4, she did report at that time she took her temperature and found it to be 99.5,” said CDC Director Tom Frieden. Her temperature coupled with the fact that she had been exposed to the virus should have prevented her from getting on the plane, he said. “I don't think that changes the level of risk of people around her. She did not vomit, she was not bleeding, so the level of risk of people around her would be extremely low.”
CBS News Medical Correspondent Dr. John LaPook reports that Vinson called the CDC several times before boarding the plane concerned about her fever.
“This nurse, Nurse Vinson, did in fact call the CDC several times before taking that flight and said she has a temperature, a fever of 99.5, and the person at the CDC looked at a chart and because her temperature wasn't 100.4 or higher she didn't officially fall into the category of high risk,” said Dr. LaPook on the CBS Evening News.
Vinson first reported a fever to the hospital on Tuesday (Oct. 14) and was isolated within 90 minutes, according to officials. She did not exhibit symptoms while on the Monday flight, according to crew members. However, the CDC says passenger notification is needed as an “extra level of safety” due to the proximity in time between the flight and the first reported symptoms.
“Those who have exposures to Ebola, she should not have traveled on a commercial airline,” said Dr. Frieden. “The CDC guidance in this setting outlines the need for controlled movement. That can include a charter plane; that can include a car; but it does not include public transport. We will from this moment forward ensure that no other individual who is being monitored for exposure undergoes travel in any way other than controlled movement.”
Frieden specifically noted that the remaining 75 healthcare workers who treated Thomas Duncan at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital will not be allowed to fly. The CDC will work with local and state officials to accomplish this.
Frontier Airlines is working closely with the CDC to identify and notify all passengers on the flight. The airline also says the plane has been thoroughly cleaned and was removed from service following CDC notification early Wednesday morning.
However, according to Flighttracker, the plane was used for five additional flights on Tuesday before it was removed from service. Those flights include a return flight to Cleveland, Cleveland to Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood International Airport (FLL), FLL to Cleveland, Cleveland to Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL), and ATL to Cleveland.
While in Ohio, Vinson visited relatives, who are employees at Kent State University. The university is now asking Vinson's three relatives stay off campus and self-monitor per CDC protocol for the next 21 days out of an “abundance of caution.”
“It's important to note that the patient was not on the Kent State campus,” said Kent State President Beverly Warren. “She stayed with her family at their home in Summit County and did not step foot on our campus. We want to assure our university community that we are taking this information seriously, taking steps to communicate what we know,” said Dr. Angela DeJulius, director of University Health Services at Kent State.
Vinson is a Kent State graduate. She received degrees from there in 2006 and 2008.
Cleveland's Public Health Director, Toinette Parrilla, said Vinson was visiting in preparation for her wedding. While there, she visited her mother and her fiance.
Complete Coverage Of Ebola In North Texas
The latest Ebola diagnosis was announced by the Texas Department of State Health Services early Wednesday morning.
Vinson is the second worker at Presbyterian Hospital to be diagnosed after providing health care to Duncan, the first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the United States. He died last week.
Medical records provided to The Associated Press by Thomas Eric Duncan's family show Amber Joy Vinson was actively engaged in caring for Duncan in the days before his death. The records show she inserted catheters, drew blood, and dealt with Duncan's body fluids.
Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings addressed the media on Wednesday, saying the patient lives alone and has no pets.
“It may get worse before it gets better,” Rawlings said, “but it will get better.”
Crews worked to decontaminate the common areas of Vinson's Dallas apartment building Tuesday morning. The apartment unit will be decontaminated by contractors starting early Wednesday afternoon.
The CDC announced that Vinson will be transported to Emory Hospital in Atlanta for further treatment. Two previous American Ebola patients, Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol, were treated at Emory and were the first Ebola patients to be treated in the United States. They were released in August.
Nina Pham was diagnosed with the virus over the weekend and remains isolated in good condition. Pham's dog — a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel named Bentley — has been taken into custody and is being cared for at an undisclosed location.
Frontier Airlines released the following statement:
“At approximately 1:00 a.m. MT on October 15, Frontier was notified by the CDC that a customer traveling on Frontier Airlines flight 1143 Cleveland to Dallas/Fort Worth on Oct. 13 has since tested positive for the Ebola virus. The flight landed in Dallas/Fort Worth at 8:16 p.m. local and remained overnight at the airport having completed its flying for the day at which point the aircraft received a thorough cleaning per our normal procedures which is consistent with CDC guidelines prior to returning to service the next day. It was also cleaned again in Cleveland last night. Previously the customer had traveled from Dallas Fort Worth to Cleveland on Frontier flight 1142 on October 10. Customer exhibited no symptoms or sign of illness while on flight 1143, according to the crew. Frontier responded immediately upon notification from the CDC by removing the aircraft from service and is working closely with CDC to identify and contact customers who may travel on flight 1143. Customers who may have traveled on either flight should contact CDC at 1 800 CDC-INFO. The safety and security of our customers and employees is our primary concern. Frontier will continue to work closely with CDC and other governmental agencies to ensure proper protocols and procedures are being followed.”
“This is a developing story… Refresh this page for more details.”
(©2014 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
Latest News:
Top Trending:
The word quickly caught on, adopted by the demonstrators and online activists, and became a viral video. [4] Many took the concept further by integrating the unique nature of the demonstrations and defined it as "to act towards taking the democracy of a nation to the next step by reminding governments of their reason for existence in a peaceful and humorous manner." [5] Variations of chapulling were also coined for other languages. [6]
Chapulling ( Turkish : Çapuling ) is a neologism originating in the Gezi Park protests , coined from Prime Minister Erdoğan 's use of the term çapulcu (roughly translated to "marauders") [2] to describe the protestors. Pronounced /t͡ʃapuɫd͡ʒu/ [3] in Turkish, çapulcu was rapidly reappropriated by the protestors, both in its original form and as the anglicized chapuller and additionally verbified chapulling , given the meaning of "fighting for your rights". [1] Chapulling has been used in Turkish both in its anglicized form and in the hybrid word form çapuling .
Graffiti from Turkey, June 2013. It plays on the "Every day I'm Shuffling." lyrics of LMFAO 's " Party Rock Anthem ", which is itself a parody of Hustlin' by Rick Ross
The graffiti is adapted to many artworks on t-shirts, posters, etc. and these artworks contributed to the reappropriation of the term çapulcu
We cannot just watch some çapulcu inciting our people. [...] Yes, we will also build a mosque. I do not need permission for this; neither from the head of the Republican People's Party (CHP) nor from a few çapulcu . I got permission from the fifty percent of the citizens who elected us as the governing party. [7] [8] [9] [10]
The protesters quickly decided to reappropriate the term, and began to describe themselves as çapulcu.[13][14] Within days, the usually negative term was being used as a positive term of self-identification. International supporters of the Gezi Park events posted social media photos of themselves holding messages of "I'm a chapuller as well" in their own languages. The movement was supported by the linguist and political critic Noam Chomsky,[15] who defined himself as a chapuller, recording the message that "everywhere is Taksim, everywhere is resistance".[16][17] Cem Boyner, Chairman of Boyner Holding, also supported the movement by holding a banner saying "I'm neither rightist nor leftist, I am a chapuller."[18] The word became widely used on social networking sites, with Facebook users update their statuses to say that they were "capulling", and T-shirts and banners were produced with chapulling slogans,[16] and a Ustream-based live stream from Gezi Park was launched under the name Çapul TV.[19]
It was reported that the Turkish Language Association (the language regulator for the Turkish language) had changed the description of "çapulcu" in their online dictionary to mean "rebel" instead of its traditional meaning, "looter", in response to the events,[20] but the Association said this was not the case.[21] One online Turkish-English dictionary, Zargan, adopted the new word chapulling in what Agence France Presse described as "a gesture of solidarity with the demonstrators".[1] It was also added to the Tureng dictionary and Urban Dictionary.[22][23]
By 8 June the Turkish Patent Institute had received 16 applications for çapulcu-related trademarks, covering items such as toilet paper, drinks, and a newspaper.[24]
Following the protests in Turkey the Istanbul based platform InEnArt presents Urban Voices which opens a critical view on cultural practices and phenomena that expresses the ethos, aspirations, and dreams of a specific population during a well-defined era and that triggered dramatic cultural changes. One section of Urban Voices focusses on the protest culture in Turkey as described with the neologism Çapuling. It describes and reflects the visual culture, humor and irony of the peaceful protestors (the Çapulcu) as it developed in many forms in Turkey during 2013.[25]
For the exhibition Made in Turkiye presented by NoLaB in 2017 at Hasköy Spinning Factory, the participating artists continue to show a reflection on traditional Turkish culture by recreating old handcraft in an innovative, ironical and artistic way. [26]
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A dad falsely accused of sacrificing babies and drinking their blood as part of a satanic cult wept as he described his "horrific" ordeal.
Ricky Dearman was alleged to have been the leader of a satanic cult in north London which imported and killed babies from across the world by his own children in videos which were shared across the internet.
The Metropolitan Police launched an investigation into the claims, which were later withdrawn by the children who said they'd been tortured into making the accusations by mum Ella Draper and her partner Abraham Christie.
A family court judgement published last month found the allegations were "baseless" and police are now hunting Christie and Draper - who are believed to have fled abroad.
Mr Dearman is now hoping to win custody of his eight and nine-year-old children - who are currently in care - and wept as he spoke of the allegations made against him.
(Image: Tim Stewart News)
He told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire: "They'd said we were killing babies, I was shipping them in, we would cut the babies' throats and drain their blood and then would drink the blood. It's just horrific upon horrific detail.
"Having to go and watch these videos when your own children say these things about you, imagine what the children must have had to do in their own psyche, their own minds, to eventually give up to beatings and stuff to say this stuff.
"I get death threats. Today, yesterday, still. Comments, 'paedo', whatever. I understand, I get it. What we have is a 77-page judgement totally clearing me 100 per cent."
The Met Police confirmed no-one has been arrested in relation to the case and that enquiries are ongoing.
Draper and Christie, from Hampstead, north west London, made the claims against various members of the local community in a series of online posts.
Judge Justice Pauffley told the High Court claims of a 100-strong satanic paedophile ring based at Christ Church Primary School in Hampstead were "utter nonsense".
(Image: Tim Stewart News)
She ruled that the youngsters' "fantasy" accounts of abuse stemmed from "relentless emotional and psychological pressure" by Draper and Christie who beat them into concocting stories.
Tests on the children showed they had both ingested cannabis in the months before being taken into care.
The judge had been asked to examine the facts in a family court hearing by Barnet social services.
A Scotland Yard spokesman said: "Following the ruling made by the High Court and comments made by the judge, officers are investigating whether any offences of child abuse have taken place.
"We would advise members of the public not to forward or share material on the internet that they believe is related to this enquiry."
We're testing a new site: This content is coming soon
The video clips were viewed more than 4 million times online.
In a statement, the school said: "These events have demonstrated the speed and uncontrolled way in which untrue information about any innocent organisation or group of people can spread on the internet and the shock and damage that malicious information circulated in this way can cause to individuals and families.
"This has been a distressing and difficult time for all of us at Christ Church Primary School."
*Victoria Derbyshire is broadcast weekdays from 9.15am to 11am on BBC Two and the BBC News Channel.
If I accidentally left my window open just half an inch over the weekend - I'd have to spend 10 minutes cleaning the dust and grime off my computer and desk.
If I remember correctly - these photos were taken between Congress and Broad Streets.
And now for something completely different...
These photos were taken within the last two years in approximately the same area.
Look...all the rats have been replaced with little humans.
The Greenway is starting to live up to it's name..
As every season passes, it gets harder and harder to remember how dark, dank and sketchy this giant swath of Boston actually was. Dirty Old Boston (to steal a term from a fellow blogger) was a very real reality. Walking under the "raised artery" late at night was a dangerous proposition - with rats the size of Zdeno Chara staring you down - looking for a fight.Before the actual digging that became the Big Dig began, those in the know knew that this little project was going to be a shit-show. Boston had a bit of a reputation for corruption - the year that ground was broken on the project was the same year Whitey Bulger went on the lam. The highway that sliced through our city like a rusty machete, from Boston Garden to Chinatown, had to be addressed...no matter how many palms needed to be greased.These pictures are dated December 2003 - but I can't be sure if that's the exact date of these photos...but I guess I did own a digital camera back then. Maybe someone more familiar with the Big Dig can comment and confirm the date.I started working on Kingston Street down by the Chinatown Gate around 1998. The ground shook and groaned on a daily basis as if Godzilla was searching for an exit from the underworld. What a friggin' mess it was downtown...It's been one hell of a renaissance for Boston, but not without it's problems and unfinished parcels. The Greenway is still a work in progress. Some of the original plans will never see the light of day, but maybe that's a good thing...hopefully it will grow organically and served the people of Boston for decades to come.
A black bear wandered Juneau streets, traversed rocks and walked through wooded areas Tuesday morning with its head wedged in a large, clear jar, until Alaska Department of Fish and Game staff arrived and tranquilized the animal, according to the Juneau Police Department and photographs posted on social media.
The bear's misfortune prompted a rash of calls to the local police department Tuesday, starting around 7:50 a.m., said Erann Kalwara, public information officer with the department. Callers first spotted the bear walking along Seventh Avenue, Kalwara said.
"We notified Fish and Game and Fish and Game went out right away, but they were unable to find the bear," she said.
More calls came at 12:14 p.m. The bear was near Sixth Avenue. Then, it moved to Basin Road. Later, it got near the intersection of A Street and 12th Street, the callers reported.
"At 12:41 p.m., we got reports saying citizens were trying to get the jug off the bear's head," Kalwara said. "Then we dispatched JPD officers."
Officers tried to keep the bear contained and keep people away from it, she said. Fish and Game arrived, tranquilized the bear and removed the container, according to Kalwara.
"As far as I know Fish and Game was considering relocating it," Kalwara said. "But I'm not sure what action they took or how that panned out."
Timothy Miles, who works at Fish and Game's Douglas office, said an area biologist, who was on her way to Gustavus for the first day of moose-hunting season, responded to the reports of the black bear trapped in a jar.
"It was a whirlwind deal," he said. "She just kind of took care of it and left."
Stephanie Sell, an area management biologist for the Alaska Department of Fish and Game, told the Juneau Empire that the bear was relocated to an area outside of Juneau.
Poster put up in town hall illustrates potential impact of new laws which are now subject of appeal by federal government
The poster is mildly worded, but carries a very big punch. "Attention to all water customers," it begins. "To be compliant with new laws concerning immigration you must have an Alabama driver's licence …"
And then comes the hit: "… or you may lose water service."
The warning, posted in the offices of a public water company in the small town of Allgood in Alabama, is the most graphic illustration yet of the draconian new immigration law coming into effect in the state. Under section 30 of the new law, HB56, anyone who lacks proper immigration papers is deemed to be committing a crime if they try to enter into a "business transaction" with the "state or a political subdivision of the state".
The law does not spell out what constitutes a "business transaction" or what particular state bodies are implicated, but judging from the poster put up by the Allgood Alabama Water Works company it is being interpreted widely enough to include the basic essentials of life.
"This demonstrates the cruelty of the new law by denying the most basic facilities to people. It's designed to make life so miserable that people self-deport, and this poster is a vivid example of what that looks like," said Jessica Karp of the National Day Laborers union.
Allison Neal, legal director of the Alabama branch of the American Civil Liberties Union, said: "If you want to see the harm that the law will cause, then you can't get much clearer than cutting off water services."
The mayor of Allgood, who is responsible for the town's water supply, was unavailable for comment. It is believed that the poster is still prominently displayed within the town hall.
It is thought to have been put up several weeks ago while HB56 was still being debated in the Alabama assembly. The Montgomery Water Works and Sanitary Sewer Board is also understood to have made moves to oblige water customers to prove their legal immigration status.
A coalition of local groups as well as the federal Department of Justice are trying to have the new law put on hold pending appeals. The DoJ lodged its call for a stay with the 11th circuit appeals court on Friday, but earlier this week a judge in Alabama allowed several key provisions of the act to go ahead.
In addition to section 30, with its prohibition on undocumented people from entering into "business transactions", the newly effective provisions include a requirement on Alabama police officers to investigate the immigration status of anybody they have stopped for traffic violations or other infringements wherever the officers have a "reasonable suspicion" that the individuals might be illegally present in the state.
Again, what constitutes a "reasonable suspicion" is unspecified. Fears are spreading among immigrant groups that it will lead to racial profiling of Hispanics.
Already, almost 2,300 children have been taken out of Alabama schools by families fearful that the new law will force teachers to enquire about the kids' immigration status as well as that of their parents.
- Advertisement -
(Article changed on July 5, 2013 at 12:45)
By Dave Lindorff
- Advertisement -
It is clear that the entrapment and forced landing in Austria of the official airplane carrying Bolivian President Evo Morales was the work of the US, which was obviously behind the decision by France and Portugal to deny air rights to the flight, and which also was obviously behind the Austrian government's demand to be allowed to search the jet after it landed. After all, those countries have no interest themselves in capturing US National Security Agency whistleblower Edward Snowden, who is only Obama's and the NSA's quarry.
So it is worth examining how the US views the legal status of heads of state under international law and custom.
- Advertisement -
In 2004, the US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit (New York) ruled that Robert Mugabe, the corrupt and brutal leader of Zimbabwe, enjoyed "absolute immunity" while inside the US on a visit to New York. The decision stemmed from 2001, when a group of citizens of Zimbabwe sought to have Mugabe arrested in New York on charges of "extrajudicial killing, torture, terrorism, rape, beatings and other acts of violence and destruction." A month earlier, the US Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit (Chicago), reached a similar conclusion in a case involving then Chinese President Jiang Zemin.
The US government had filed briefs in both those cases arguing that both Jiang and Mugabe (as well as Mugabe's foreign minister, who was traveling with him), had absolute immunity as traveling heads of state.
No surprise that, given that the head of state of the US at the time of the court proceedings and the Appellate Court hearing, George W. Bush, and his vice president Dick Cheney, were already themselves guilty of serious war crimes and crimes against humanity for their illegal invasion of Iraq, their authorization of kidnappings, extrajudicial killings and torture, and their financing of acts of terrorism.
- Advertisement -
Given that it was the French who first caved in to US pressure to block the flight home from Russia to Bolivia of President Morales, it is interesting to note too that a French Supreme Court, in 2001, ruled in a case involving an effort to charge Libyan leader Muammar Qaddafy with the downing of a US civilian aircraft over Lockerbee, Scotland, that heads of state have absolute immunity from prosecution while in office, except for universally accepted crime of genocide...
Has this ever happened to you guys in school? I think we can all tell where I got the idea for this one.I wanted something based off Scootaloo sleeping in class. I totally can relate to this myself during my years in high school and very rarely in college. This is literally how my teachers handled the situation if you fell asleep. Once again...tried a new BG....inside the school house. Though this wasn't gonna look good but after playing with it some more it came out nice. That doorway was nver planned but man what a difference it made.Overall this was my first time tackling Cheerilee. I think she came out very good.So....hope you guys enjoy this one. Onto the next comic....and that one is quite complex. Commnts? Critique?Cheerilee, Scootaloo © Lauren FaustArt © Me
Leeds's market was held in Briggate for 600 years until the population and building booms of the 19th century drove merchants off the street and to dedicated sites. Several were created and Kirkgate Market survives as a fitting reminder of the importance of trade to the city and its inhabitants.
Lord of the Manor Maurice Paynel created the borough of Leeds in 1207 and, as part of this act, people were allowed to trade. This activity found a home in Briggate and took place on Tuesdays. When the charter of incorporation was passed in 1626, bringing Leeds and outlying areas together, the market gained a wider significance.
Leeds Market c 1904
At this time the principal item brought to Leeds market was wool and the increasing value of this led to the addition of Saturday as a trading day. Highlighting the importance of other traders and the premium of space in Briggate, Ralph Thoresby, Leeds historian from the 18th century, notes that once the cloth trading was over vendors of a vast array of goods would swarm over the area.
Early in the 18th century it was decided to remove the wool merchants from Briggate into their own dedicated buildings in an effort to rationalise the market in the street and reduce the congestion. Two cloth halls were erected; the white cloth hall in Kirkgate, but later moving to Holbeck, the Calls and finally King Street; and the coloured cloth hall on the site later taken by the post office in City Square.
However, this did little to alleviate Briggate's overcrowding and in the 1820s there were calls for the market to be moved. With the increasing wealth of local businessmen there was a will to do this, but there was little coordination and, as a result, five markets were opened which did not deal sufficiently with the problem.
The dealers in cattle, livestock, fruit and vegetables were left out of these arrangements and the task of finding them a home was left to Leeds Improvement Commissioners, a group of elected townspeople. They set their sights on the Vicarage of St Peter's Church and the Vicar's Croft at the junction of Call Lane and Kirkgate. The latter was particularly ripe for development as contemporary historian Edward Parsons notes it was “... overgrown with weeds, and the common receptacle of every abomination”.
Trading began on August 31 1822, but on an informal basis as the land was not purchased. This did not happen until 1826 as the trustees of the Vicarage and Vicar's Croft let the land to an individual who charged traders a toll. However, the intention of the commissioners was to let the land be used for free and this was the case from December 1.
Some Leeds residents took a little time to note the change of use in the land, however, as the Leeds Intelligencer reported that ‘disorderly girls and their attendants' were disrupting traders and the customers.
The idea of the free market was admirable, but by the early 1830s there was the realisation that maintenance, administration and improvements had to be funded by rents.
Towards the mid-1800s moves were made towards the erection of a market hall through the establishment of a Market Committee which purchased additional lands and gained approval for the demolition of nearby slums. In mid-1857 the hall, made from iron and glass, was completed, being designed by C. Tilney with input from Sir Joseph Paxton of Crystal Palace fame.
In the 1870s buildings for traders outside the market hall were provided, these being known as the “new market”. There was great pomp for the laying of the foundation stone as councillors in their robes walked through the streets to the ceremony. A total of fifteen two-storey structures were subsequently erected, and some still survive today.
Kirkgate Market: An Illustrated History (1992) provides a glimpse of some of the characters involved in the market during this period. Soap merchant John Kelley, or “Cheap Jack” would pluck a dirty boy from the crowd and wash his face to prove the effectiveness of the soap.
Despite further rationalisations at the market before the end of the 19th century, with the removal of wholesale fish and meat merchants, the facilities were seen to be outdated. After Leeds became a city in 1893 the councillors wanted public areas to reflect this new importance and, while City Square was the first development to be instigated, the improvement of the market was seen as equally pressing.
A competition was staged in 1899 to attract designs for a new covered market. Leeming Brothers of London, designers of buildings in Halifax, won the contest with a market hall projected to cost £73,000. Work began in 1901 and was finished in 1904.
The Rt Hon. G.W. Balfour, President of the Board of Trade and MP for Leeds Central, was asked to perform the opening on July 1. At the door Balfour was given a gold key and declared the building open. However, because of a delay to the party the cheers came from the interior of the hall as spectators had already been allowed in.
The market's clock, which had been set to chime at 12 o'clock, the official opening time, went off just as the party took their seats, some twenty minutes late. Then the buzzer to announce closing time also sounded.
The market hall cost £116,750 and a further £126,000 had been spent on the other work to the market. As a result the rents were increased by the Market Committee in an attempt to recoup some of the money, leading to a good deal of resentment from the traders.
Vikings DE Everson Griffen calls Lions tackle Greg Robinson ‘lazy'
Vikings right defensive end Everson Griffen is tied for fourth in the NFL with four sacks, and he doesn't give the impression he will be slowed any against the Detroit Lions.
On Wednesday, Griffen was unflattering in his assessment of Lions left tackle Greg Robinson. The two will test one another Sunday at U.S. Bank Stadium.
“To be quite honest, he's kind of lazy,” Griffen said. “He's lazy. He gets beat on the inside. I think the biggest thing is he's got got to complete more. Yeah, he's pretty lazy.
“I feel the rest of the offensive line, they do pretty well, but to me he's pretty lazy.”
Griffen has at least one sack in each of Minnesota's three games and is rated by Pro Football Focus as the 11th-best edge rusher in the NFL. Robinson is rated as the No. 71 tackle out of 72.
Robinson, the No. 2 pick in the 2014 draft, was acquired last June from the Los Angeles Rams to replace Taylor Decker, who is out for at least the first half of the season with a shoulder injury. Related Articles Charley Walters: Twins' latest signing shows they're serious about winning AL Central
Vikings awarded three compensatory picks in 2019 NFL Draft
Vikings' kicking woes are a top priority for new special-teams coordinator
Football lifer Gary Kubiak thrilled to be ‘back in the foxhole' with Vikings
Vikings add two coaches to staff, promote another
Decker replaced Riley Reiff at left tackle last season, with Reiff moving to the right side. Reiff, who played for the Lions from 2012-16, last March signed a five-year, $58.75 million deals to be Minnesota's left tackle.
“Riley (is) maybe one of the best men I've ever been around,” Lions coach Jim Caldwell said. “Tremendous person. Loved working with him through the years. I'm not certain you'll find a tougher guy mentally and physically. Just one of my all-time favorites.”
RHODES VS. EVANS PART II
Vikings cornerback Xavier Rhodes and Tampa Bay receiver Mike Evans are still going at it.
The two jawed at one another during the Vikings' 34-17 win on Sunday, and Rhodes was assessed a taunting penalty. On Wednesday, Evans responded to a tweet by NFL.com that read “Rhodes closed” and had a picture listing receivers he has slowed.
“Rhodes were open for me. Film don't lie,” wrote Evans, who had five catches for 53 yards.
Rhodes was asked for his response.
“If he says film don't lie, we'll have to watch it,” Rhodes said.
Rhodes was uncertain of Evans' intent.
“I think it was just all jokes,” he said. “I don't know what it was about, the whole thing was about, with him. But I did my job. I did what I needed to do and we got the win at the end of the day.”
WAYNES' PROGRESS
Head coach Mike Zimmer was pleased with cornerback Trae Waynes' showing Sunday said there is still work to be done.
Bouncing back from a tough outing in a 26-9 loss at Pittsburgh, Waynes was rated by Pro Football Focus as Minnesota's highest-rated defensive player against the Buccaneers. He had an interception in the second quarter.
“Trae seems to be getting better all the time,” Zimmer said. “I think he's starting to develop more confidence. There's still things he needs to work on, but he's got such great athletic ability that he just needs to continue to use it and sometimes he overthinks a little bit. Just go out and play.”
BRIEFLY
Minnesota receiver Adam Thielen hopes to meet Ahmad Rashad and Michael Jordan on Sunday when Rashad is inducted into the Vikings' Ring of Honor. Rashad said his good friend Jordan will attend. “Is there anybody that wasn't a fan of (Jordan) growing up?” Thielen said. “It'd be cool to meet him.” … Vikings defensive end Stephen Weatherly sat out practice Wednesday due to illness.
Share this:
View more on TwinCities.com
Producer and animator Bruce Timm has had a colossal effect on the DCU over the past twenty years. Having been one of the driving forces behind “Batman: The Animated Series,” “Batman Beyond,” and so many more, his legacy continues to be felt and praised by fans. The latest DCU creation from Timm will debut this summer in the form of Justice League: Gods and Monsters, an animated film with very different versions of the DC “Trinity.” Before that debuts on DVD and Blu-ray July 28, though, a web series titled “Justice League: Gods and Monsters Chronicles” will debut three episodes online giving fans a sneak peek at this startling new world. We spoke with Timm about the creation of the project, among other things, which you can read below along with the first episode of “Chronicles.”
SuperHeroHype: How did Justice League: Gods & Monsters come about? Was it an original idea you came up with or did they pitch it to you?
Bruce Timm: It was something that I kind of thought of. It kind of started on two things that were happening kind of parallel, at the same time. I'd been having a talk with my boss, Sam Register, about the possibility of doing a new animated series of the Justice League, and he said, “The only thing we don't want to do, is we don't want to just go back and make more Justice League exactly like the show that we did almost ten years ago. We want to do something fresh and different with it. I don't know what that means, but think about it,” and I said “Okay, I'll think about it.” So I was thinking, a different version of the Justice League, what do you do that's different? And around that same time, DC Comics was doing the New 52 reboot and when I first heard about that I thought, wow, that's really intriguing, I wonder what they're going to do with the characters. That made me start to think about the silver age versions of The Flash and Green Lantern, and how when they brought them back they kept the name and the gimmick of the golden age versions of those characters and threw everything else out. They had new costumes, their powers worked differently, they had new alter egos, and I thought that was the most successful reboots in the history of comics and I thought wouldn't it be exciting if they did that with the entire line of DC Comics. I knew they weren't going to do that because you can't, that's just too huge a financial gamble. It made me start thinking though, if I was going to “reimagine Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman,” the three biggest, most important characters in the DC Universe, what would they be? So I didn't want to throw everything out so I want to keep it at least tangentally related to the in-continuity DCU.
So Superman is from Krypton like the traditional Superman, but I thought, wow, okay, if his dad was not Jor-El, if his dad was Zod, that changes everything. Bang, everything's different. That works, what about Batman? So Bruce Wayne's parents stayed home and watched TV that night, they didn't go out and get gun downed in crime alley, so Bruce Wayne never became Batman. So who is Batman? I was thinking, well back in the old days of “Batman: The Animated Series,” several times I tried to do “Batman as a vampire” stories, and every time got shot down. The world was not ready for it. This was in pre-Buffy days. Vampires were not allowed on children's television back then. I remembered that and thought “Batman as a vampire would be kind of cool,” and then again, trying to keep it somewhat related to the established DCU I remembered the Kirk Langstrom character, who in the traditional DCU is Man-Bat. So I said instead of Man-Bat, he's a vampire Batman. For Wonder Woman we kind of went around and around on her for a while. WE tried to stick close to the Greek mythology origin of it, and for one reason or another it just wasn't working. It wasn't different enough from the established version of the character, and believe it or not I had already drawn a version of her that looked like a Jack Kirby character, she looked like she could have been in a Thor comic or something. Then Alan Burnett, who wrote the movie and developed the web series with me, said “She could be one of the New Gods,” I said “Ah! Of course! That's completely different!” So we kept asking, what does she has to be? The name Wonder Woman, if she's not from Greek mythology and is not related to that, what is it about her that makes her Wonder Woman? The only thing that really matters is that she's a woman, and that she's super strong and a warrior, everything else can be different, so when he mentioned the New Gods I thought, yeah, that's fresh and new.
SHH: When you're developing these alternate versions, and you kind of touched on it, is there ever a point where you say ‘maybe this is too far from the base' or did you say ‘let's go crazy?'
Timm: It's weird, a lot of the characters that we've been coming up with specifically for the webseries, there's no hard and fast rules about how close to the established DCU we want to be or how different we want to be. Some of the characters they really are like the silver age Flash or Green Lantern where they have the same name and everything else is different. Some of them are not as radically different as their established counterparts. For instance it's already been leaked that Harley Quinn is going to be in the web series, and she's not radically different than the Harley from the comics or from our animated stuff. She's kind of an extreme version of Harley, but she's not a ground up reboot. Some of the characters that will show up in the web series will have the same name but are otherwise completely unrelated to their traditional counterparts. In developing this, when I'm working with other writers or with our liaisons with DC comics, they'll be throwing out ideas and I'll know what feels right to me. Sometimes they'll throw out an idea and I'll say “Eh, it's not different enough,” or “That's so different that it just feels random.” Like I said there's no hard or fast rules, I'm kind of winging it a little bit.
SHH: Having seen the first episode of the digital series, it becomes quickly apparent how dark this world is, was that always the intention or did it ever have it another way?
Timm: Well, here's the thing, I tend to not actually think of the entire series as being extra dark. That particular episode is, and it was by design, because we knew if these were going to air before the movie came out so we really wanted to make a statement with each one of them. Each one of these shorts is designed to smack you upside the head and say, “This is a really different version of these characters.” So the Batman episode, Batman as a character his world is darker and shadowier anyways so we kind of just went for it. We went into serial killer territory, which we haven't done a lot of before and the twist is the serial killer is Harley Quinn. I'll be honest with you, that's the darkest episode of the three. I tend to think of the show as more, I like to say it's dealing with a little bit more with “adult subject matter,” not just dark subject matter. Sometimes it is dark, but it's not dark for dark's sake. Whatever the story lends itself too. The Batman short is the darkest of the three existing shorts, and for season two there will probably be darkish moments. It's really a matter of me, it's a little bit freeing. I've had the great fortune of working on these direct-to-video movies for the last couple years as well, which of course are PG-13. It's kind of liberating after working for fifteen some odd years doing shows strictly for television which are marketed directly towards kids, so there are things just in terms of language or whatever that we've always had to pull back on, and I've always been fine with it, but being able to go a little bit beyond that is frankly, kind of nice. At the same time I try to police myself. I try not to get gory for gory's sake. Even the Batman episode, it's dark in comparison, but it's not like Saw or torture porn. It's all relative.
SHH: Was there anything you learned from your time developing Batman Beyond that helped you in shaping another alternate version of the DCU?
Timm: You know, I hadn't actually thought about it in those terms, but yeah, kind of in a way, because what we did in “Batman Beyond,” one of the rules we established early on, we didn't want to just reuse all the existing Batman versions. Oh, there's a future Joker, future Poison Ivy, future Two-Face, but at the same time we wanted to come up with character that seemed like Batman villains, not like Superman villains or like Spider-Man villains. So that was an interesting challenge, to make characters that felt right for the universe. We ultimately did go back and do a futuristic Joker story, but we wanted to challenge ourselves, we wanted to not just take an easy path to everything. To a degree we do have a similar self-imposted mandate on these new shows, again, the whole point is if you have carte blanche to create new characters and go new places, it really behooves us to do different things with them and really put as much of a spin on the existing characters as much as we can. So it's somewhat similar to “Batman Beyond.”
SHH: Where do the stories that you're telling in the web series fit into this? Were there things you came up with and thought you'd never have time to tell and then all of a sudden you have that opportnity?
Timm: To a degree that's actually one of the great things about the second season of the web series is that because the episodes are so short, it frees us up to do a lot of different stories that if they were 22 minute episodes or another movie we wouldn't have had the time to go off on all these weird tangents, but because the episodes are so short each one is such a smaller investment in both time and money we can do a completely different version of Mary Marvel. That's one of the great things about this format.
SHH: Are we getting a new version of Mary Marvel?
Timm: Oh yeah, you're getting a new version of Mary Marvel, and of Steel.
SHH: Now, I know this is way off topic, but I've seen some sketches online that you've done of Red Sonja.
Timm: Okay.
SHH: I want to know who I'd have to kill to see you do an animated Red Sonja.
Timm: Well, you got me, I have no idea. Maybe DC will buy her one of these days and I'll be able to do it.
SHH: I know you've spoken some about these photos from the set of the Suicide Squad movie with Harley Quinn, was it a bummer for you to see she had the baseball bat and not the mallet?
Timm: No, not at all. If this movie had come out say four or five years ago I might have been a little bit more precious of “my version” of Harley, but since then there have been all these other bizarre variations on both her costume and even her persnality and her weaponry and stuff in both the comics and video games. So I'm kind of used to it by now, and I've kind of “made my peace” with it. I still prefer, frankly, “my classic version” of Harley, but I like a lot of the other versions of Harley as well. I think sometimes they go a little too far and there's nothing left appealing, but when I saw the photos of Margot Robbie I thought she looks more like the up-to-date Harley rather than the classic Harley, but at least she still looks appealing and cute, not as heroine-gothic as some other versions I've seen. So yeah, not at all. Baseball bat? Fine, whatever. Actually I don't know how inspired the movie people are by this, but one of the versions of Harley that I like the most in the current comics is what Amanda (Conner) and Jimmy (Palmiotti) are doing. I like that she's punk-roller derby Harley, so to me the baseball bat totally works with that.
SHH: I know you have season two of “Gods and Monsters” coming up, but is there anything else cooking in the DC kitchen for you right now?
Timm: I've got too much on my plate. Besides “Gods and Monsters,“ I have another DTV movie that will be coming out next year, which I cannot talk about unfortunately, but it's really exciting. Beyond that there's another DTV possible that we're just now starting to talk about that I just might do, so yeah, I got lots of stuff on my plate.
After an all-star year in 2012, Savant's already off to an exciting start for 2013. With a slew of new tracks on its way, and a collaboration with legendary trance duo Infected Mushroom in the pipeline, the Norwegian rising star is wasting no time in proving that his success last year wasn't a fluke. Your EDM is proud to give you an exclusive look at his previously-unreleased track End of Intelligence. This track was originally going to be the 10th track on Savant's album Overworld, but after sitting unreleased for months, End of Intelligence is now available as a special gift to you–our readers. This is a rollicking dubstep banger, with a fierce bass and impressive synth work. The track is available as a Free Download through our Soundcloud page.
In addition, Your EDM will also be doing a special giveaway: all Savant and Vinter in Vegas albums–lossless downloads from the SZR shop–to three of our lucky readers. Enter below:
_____
Purchase Savant's tracks on Beatport
Analysis Strengths Once he diagnoses, can explode to the ball. Great pursuit on the perimeter against run. Moves with ease laterally and chases with good angles. Former running back with a muscular build and expected to have good speed scores at his workout. Shows good range in coverage and can play man or zone effectively against the pass. Weaknesses Not a downhill linebacker. Won't beat offensive linemen to the spot against run. Delays in diagnosing interior runs. Play speed is inconsistent. Doesn't bring strong thump behind his pads as a hitter when asked to be face-up tackler. Needs to be clean and free-running to the ball to be effective. Draft Projection Round 6 or 7 Sources Tell Us "The only way I could see him playing inside is if a team is 2-gapping up front and keeping him clean. I think he has to be a 4-3 outside 'backer. I might want to see if he can catch the ball at all because he could have some fullback potential." -- NFC area scout NFL Comparison Colin McCarthy Bottom Line With his burst to the ball and ability to cover, Hager would be best suited for a 4-3 defense looking for an athletic linebacker who can make plays outside of his area. Hager might end up a late-round pick, but teams like his production and chase traits. Related Links -Lance Zierlein
We are back again with another collective open signup update – this time with 10 more direct download link forums that have proved to be widely popular amongst our reader base. As some of our regular readers might know, this article is a recap of 10 most recently featured DDL sites on FILEnetworks Blog. Todays' post features lots of niche sites including those specializing in lossless music, cartoons, horror movies, international magazines, foreign, non mainstream movies, scene MP3 music, eBooks and more. Not all of the listed sites are pure DDL forums though – there are some sites modeled after release blogs as well as a site that's a hybrid of a DDLF, torrent tracker and a FTP host. All forums listed below are currently open for signup and are accepting new registrations - updated statistics, links to registration URLs as well as links to full site reviews are included with each entry.
We request our readers to have a look at the full site review before registering for a particular site. Full review has all the information you need including screenshots, content details, internal encoder group info (if any) and will help you decide if you really need to become a member of a particular site or not. Hopefully this would reduce forums getting filled with would-be-inactive members who signed up just because they can :p
What The Flac
Site Name: What The Flac (http://whattheflac.net)
Registration URL: http://whattheflac.net/forum/index.php?app=core&module=global§ion=register
Stats: 2000+ posts and 1000+ members
Description: WTF is DDL forum which focuses mainly on lossless music encoded using the FLAC codec – you can find and download discographies, full albums, official soundtrack (OST) and more here.Read the full review for a detailed overview.
Full Review: [Click Here]
Cartoon World
Site Name: Cartoon World (http://forum.cartoon-world.org)
Registration URL: http://forum.cartoon-world.org/ucp.php?mode=register
Stats: ~1500 posts and 50000+ members
Description: Cartoon World (C-W) is a direct download link forum specializing in all sorts of animation – this includes regular modern cartoons, classic toons, anime, manga and even soundtracks of popular animated series. Check the full review for screenshots and addition details of what you can find on this site.
Full Review: [Click Here]
DDLThe.Net
Site Name: DDLThe.Net (http://ddlthe.net)
Registration URL: http://ddlthe.net/
Stats: ~70000 releases
Description: DDLThe.Net is not technically a DDL forum but os modeled after a release blog. It automatically uploads untouched scene releases to multiple one click hosting services and exposes their direct download links to be consumed by the masses.
Full Review: [Click Here]
StoreMags
Site Name: StoreMags (http://storemags.com)
Registration URL: N/A
Stats: 3200+ magazines
Description: StoreMags is a great site to find direct download links of iPad/PC compatible issues of popular international magazines. All issues come in high quality true PDF format. For more info check out the full review. Note that this site indexes some adult magazines and is not family friendly.
Full Review: [Click Here]
Library.Nu
: Library.Nu ( http://library.nu ).: 47000+ titles: Library.Nu is a huge repository of nearly half a million Ebooks relating to various categories both educational and non educational. This site was previously known as Gigapedia – you can read more about the change and new site features here
Horror Haven
Site Name: Horror Haven (http://www.horrorhaven.org)
Registration URL: http://www.horrorhaven.org/register.php
Stats: Unknown
Description: A great alternative to the now defunction HorrorFlix, Horror Haven (HH) is a site that allows you to download Horror Movies, TV shows, soundtracks plus even books and magazines relating to the genre. Read this for screenshots and more information.
Full Review: [Click Here]
Magazines Download
Site Name: Magazines Download (http://www.magazinesdownload.com)
Registration URL: N/A
Stats: Unknown
Description: Another good site to find downloadable PDF magazines. It has much less adult content than StoreMags and indexes new releases from pretty much all major international monthly publications. Check the full review for screens and more info.
Full Review: [Click Here]
musiCORE
Site Name: musiCore (http://musicore.net)
Registration URL: http://musicore.net/forums/index.php?app=core&module=global§ion=register
Forum URL: http://musicore.net/forums/index.php
Stats: ~12000 members and ~370000 posts
Description: musiCORE is no longer just a DDL forum – the site has morphed into a hybrid download engine which now offers three ways of leeching music; DDL, torrents and FTP links. Read this post for detailed information about how you can leech from this site.
Full Review: [Click Here]
Rojadirecta
Site Name: Rojedirecta (http://www.rojadirecta.es)
Registration URL: http://forum.rojadirecta.es/register.php
Stats: 867000+ members and 117600+ threads
Description: Rojadirecta is a huge repository of direct download and streaming links for live matches, recorded matches and highlights relating to a number of different sporting events across a number of different countries. Despite domain seizures by U.S DoJ and ICE, the site still remains online.
Full Review: [Click Here]
ForiegnMoviesDDL
Site Name: Foreign Movies DDL (http://forum.foreignmoviesddl.org/)
Registration URL: http://forum.foreignmoviesddl.org/ucp.php?mode=register
Stats: 11800+ threads and 15500+ members
Description: ForeignMoviesDDL is a direct download link forum that specializes in non mainstream movies and foreign movies from across the world. You can find download links to thousands of English and non English movies on this site, including some rare content not usually found on even the largest of movie trackers.
Full Review: [Click Here]
Looking for more forums?
In case you didn't read our previous summarized DDL forums updates, you can go ahead and check them here, here and here (includes details about 31 forums). Most of the sites featured in these updates are still open for signup. In addition, you can see our latest reviews in the DDL Forums section accessed from here.
What's the best download manager for use with DDL Forums?
We strongly recommend you use JDownloader. This download manager is optimized for handling multiple one click hosting site links (commonly found on forums listed above) and includes a host of other features that will make your life a lot easier. The software is free and comes without adware. To read more about JDownloader and download it for multiple operating systems, refer to this article.
Related Articles
Film director Paul Schrader has openly called for “violence” to stop Donald Trump in an angry Facebook post that illustrates the level of vitriol many on the left have resorted to since Trump's victory.
Schrader, who was involved with hit films Taxi Driver, Raging Bull and The Last Temptation of Christ, responded to Trump's election with an alarming rant on his official Facebook page.
“I have spent the last five days meditating on Trump's election. Upon consideration, I believe this is a call to violence. I felt the call to violence in the 60's and I feel it now again,” wrote Schrader.
“This attack on liberty and tolerance will not be solved by appeasement. Obama tried that for eight years. We should finance those who support violence resistance. We should be willing to take arms. Like Old John Brown, I am willing to battle with my children. Alt right nut jobs swagger violence. It's time to actualize that violence, Like by Civil War Michigan predecessors I choose to stand with the black, the brown and the oppressed,” he concluded.
This is by no means the first time someone the public eye has encouraged violence against Trump.
Just last week, Guardian columnist Monisha Rajesh tweeted, “It's about time for a presidential assassination,” in response to Trump's victory.
CEO Matt Harrigan also went on an unhinged tirade, posting that he was “going to kill the president elect” using a “sniper rifle”.
As we reported before the election, other journalists also dreamed up scenarios of seeing Trump assassinated and made jokes about it.
Despite an anti-Trump hate crime wave sweeping the country, the media has completely ignored innumerable cases of Trump supporters being abused and beaten nationwide, with CBS' Lesley Stahl instead choosing to ask Trump about the Muslims and Latinos who are supposedly being ‘harassed' by his supporters.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
A DID patient's personality can split off into several alter egos, allowing some respite from their emotional pain. (Getty Images)
From the drug-fueled "Wolf of Wall Street" to the genteel "Great Gatsby," it's safe to say Leonardo DiCaprio has the range and talent to play any personality.
Now, for his next big role, he plans to play 24 of them.
DiCaprio has reportedly signed on to produce and star in “The Crowded Room,” a movie based on the true story of Billy Milligan. In the late 1970s, Milligan – a young man from Ohio who had been indicted on three counts of rape, kidnapping and aggravated robbery – was diagnosed with a condition experts then called multiple personality disorder. According to a psychologist, Milligan had approximately two dozen identities; two of his alternate egos had committed the crimes, and therefore Milligan was unaware of his actions during the time of the wrongdoings.
Milligan's case made headlines after he was the first person to successfully use multiple personality disorder as a defense in court. He was acquitted on grounds of insanity, although he spent the remainder of his life in psychiatric hospitals until his death in 2014. His diagnosis, however – which has since been renamed “dissociative identity disorder,” or DID by the medical community – helped launch the once-obscure condition into common parlance.
Of course, Milligan's story isn't the only time the notion of a “split personality” has been explored in literature, film and popular culture. “The Three Faces of Eve,” a 1957 film adaptation of a book about a patient with dissociative identity disorder, won a then-unknown Joanne Woodward an Academy Award for best actress. Showtime recently aired “The U.S. of Tara,” a television comedy-drama in which Toni Collette starred as Tara, a woman with three alternate identity states. Sally Field's breakout dramatic role was as a teacher with DID in the drama “Sybil.” And everyone knows the story of the mild-mannered Dr. Jekyll and his evil alter ego, Mr. Hyde.
However, misconceptions about DID linger, experts say. Here's what you need to know before watching “The Crowded Room” – or any movie or TV show that portrays DID.
What Exactly Is Dissociative Identity Disorder?
Bring up DID, and you'll most likely receive the following reactions: “Wait, isn't that when there's multiple people inside someone's body?” “Aren't people with DID crazy?” And perhaps the most common question: “Does Do even exist?”
The answer to the first two questions is “no,” says David Spiegel, associate chair of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at Stanford University School of Medicine.
Long story short, Spiegel says, DID is a disorder that tends to stem from severe, early-childhood trauma – often from extended physical or sexual abuse, likely inflicted by a parent, neighbor, teacher or other authority figure. As a coping mechanism, patients with DID “dissociate," meaning they lose connection with their thoughts and memories. Their personality splinters off into separate identities, or alter egos, allowing them some respite from their emotional pain.
These separate identities coexist at different times, causing disruptions in memory and consciousness, along with bouts of amnesia. One minute, someone with DID is saying something; the next, another element of his identity emerges and he brings up a new topic midstream. Typically, there'll be a noticeable change in mood or manner, although experts say the process is nowhere near as dramatic or abrupt as portrayed on television or in movies.
Sometimes, a patient's personality states, called alters, can even have their own history, names or self-perceptions. They might be aware – or unaware – of one another's existence. Spiegel compares it to someone acting differently at work than she would at a party. A person with DID, however, won't be able to maintain a clear sense of memory or self during these switches.
Although the condition was once called “multiple personality disorder,” Spiegel was one of the parties responsible for changing its name to “dissociative identity disorder” during the fourth revision of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, more commonly known as the DSM. The name change, Spiegel says, was made to convey the disorder's reality. Patients with DID, he says, don't have a host of personalities inside of them, clamoring to emerge at any given time. Rather, they lack a cohesive and continuous identity.
Despite its inclusion in the fifth DSM, DID is still considered a controversial diagnosis in the medical field. Some prominent figures, including Paul McHugh, former psychiatrist-in-chief for Johns Hopkins Hospital and its current distinguished service professor of psychiatry, deny DID's existence. They say it's an invention of psychologists, and that the disorder has no scientific grounding. Often, skeptics bring up the real-life case of “Sybil,” the DID patient whose life inspired a book, movie and TV miniseries. Critics later dissected her story, deeming her condition a mishmash of confabulations, or false memories.
Other sources, like the International Society for the Study of Trauma and Dissociation, have no doubt that DID is a legitimate disorder. They estimate it affects about 1 to 3 percent of the population.
“I think there are some people who are reluctant to diagnose it because it has been controversial,” says Philip Kinsler, former president of the ISSTD and a clinical associate professor of psychiatry at Dartmouth University's Geisel School of Medicine. He adds that many mental health professionals know little about DID, and aren't necessarily trained to diagnosis it.
According to psychologists who study the disorder, there is scientific credence to DID's existence. Studies suggest DID is documented in countries as far-flung as New Zealand, Japan and Turkey. And functional magnetic resonance imaging, or fMRIs, reportedly show different patterns in the brains of patients with DID.
How Is DID Diagnose and Treated?
According to experts, well-developed screening tests help clinicians diagnose DID. However, it typically takes years for most patients to receive a diagnosis. Physicians often mistakenly think patients with DID have schizophrenia or bipolar disorder. Many patients have no idea they even have Done.
“They'll say, ‘People tell me I did things that I don't remember doing,' or ‘I find clothing that somebody else bought,” Spiegel says. Often, they experience depression, anxiety or symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder. It's also common for them to have flashbacks or nightmares, or engage in self-injury.
Patients diagnosed with DID are typically treated with therapy. Clinicians tend to elect an “eclectic” approach, meaning they use a wide range of techniques to tailor treatment for the patient. “You have to go back and deal with the early childhood trauma and attachment problems and understand what drives so much of their current symptoms and behaviors,” says Bethany Brand, a professor of psychology at Towson University who specializes in trauma and dissociative disorders. Cognitive behavioral therapy, in particular, can help patients distinguish between the past and present, allowing them to calm their brain during times of stress or flashbacks. Other therapies used to treat DID are inside-oriented therapy and dialectical behavioral therapy.
The overall treatment goal is to integrate the patient's identities, which isn't always possible.
What Are Some Common Misconceptions About DID?
Although Billy Milligan is one of the most visible figures in popular culture with DID, he's not at all representative of the average DID patient, Brand says.
“With DID patients, if they feel hostility or aggression they take it out on themselves with self-harm,” Brand says. “They're self-destructive and repeatedly suicidal, more so than any other psychological disorder. So that's what's typical – not this wild aggression, or stalking women [or robbery].” Lacking a conscience, she says, is more consistent with another condition called anti-social personality disorder.
Another misconception is that “alter” states in DID are as defined and separate as, say, Toni Collette's in “The U.S. of Tara.” Although a small subset of patients experiences what clinicians call a “florid presentation,” a majority of people with DID experience much more subtle transitions between their various identity states.
“Most of the time, when people are simultaneously struggling with a warring side of them, it's just not that obvious to other people unless there's some kind of crisis when it's going on,” Kinsler says. “It's not, ‘One minute I'm Jack, and the next minute, ‘I'm Suzy.' Most people are fighting this war within their heads.”
And while many DID patients have trouble establishing relationships or maintaining a career, there are individuals who are high-functioning and successful. Many are married and have families. Clearly, there's no “typical” life path for a person with the disorder.
“I went to school, and I did really well,” says Olga Trujillo, a recovering DID patient and former practicing attorney who once worked for the U.S. Department of Justice. “I played sports, and I had friends. I seemed normal except for the fact that no one really knew me.”
Trujillo was abused as a child and diagnosed with DID in her early 30s. Her journey wasn't an easy one: Her marriage dissolved, and for years she struggled with flashbacks and symptoms of post-traumatic stress. Now, she says, she makes it a point to be open about her disorder.
“I've been successful in my field, and people have respect for me,” she says. “There's lots of people out there who have it, and they never talk about it. This is a way I can help people.”
In the same interview, Mr. Akita also said that MUJI is considering opening an additional one to three stores in the Greater Toronto Area within the next year, which means that Toronto could house between four and six MUJI stores by 2018. Landlords in various other Canadian cities have also confirmed with us that they have been in discussions with MUJI.
MUJI operates 13 American stores, with more to follow as it expands in the US. Of the locations currently open, seven are in the New York City area, three are in the San Francisco Bay area, and three are in southern California. A 10,000 square foot Boston flagship will open on Friday of this week — MUJI's second flagship in North America.
Muji's largest store in North America is at 475 5th Avenue in New York City, totalling 11,650 square feet.
Known for being innovative and its products being affordable and unbranded, MUJI carries various household items, furniture, appliances, stationery and apparel. With hundreds of stores worldwide (over 400 in Japan and about 400 internationally), it saves money by spending little to nothing on market research and advertising. MUJI is short for Mujirushi Ryohin, or no-brand superior items, and was founded in 1980 as the private-label brand of a major supermarket chain (not unlike Canada's Joe Fresh).
Congratulations, Mr. President. This week you followed your increasingly populist rhetoric with some decisive action on behalf of the middle class.
Republicans have been waging a sabotage campaign against the lawful functions of government. With these recess appointments you've shown that you'll use your Presidential authority to stop them. Unfortunately, your Treasury and Justice Departments are still running interference for the big banks.
Your officials are pushing a foreclosure settlement that thwarts justice and potentially leaves criminals in positions of wealth and power. If this settlement is finalized it would undo all your recent efforts, leaving the distinct impression that your Administration works for bankers and not the public.
It's time to call off these officials and instruct your Administration to pursue wrongdoing wherever it may be found.
Republican Fifth Column Sabotages America
Obstructionist Republicans have been blocking the appointment of anyone to direct the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) for nearly a year, preventing it from assuming its full regulatory powers under law. They've also been refusing to confirm anyone to seats on the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), which has paralyzed that agency.
That's not an accident. Republicans on Capitol Hill have had a long-term strategy of paralyzing the government from within in exactly this manner: by refusing to approve nominees to carry functions that were passed into law by Congress itself.
The CFPB is a case in point. Once it was created by Dodd/Frank (with two Republican Senators voting "aye"), forty-four Republican Senators signed a letter say they would refuse to confirm any Director until the bureau was made considerably weaker. Two Senators who had the bill watered down in return for their votes, Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins, then turned around and signed the letter.
Burning Down the House (and Senate)
See what they did there? The law was passed according to due legislative process,and these Republicans immediately announced their intention to paralyze the bureau with a technical trick. That's sabotage, and the saboteurs included two Senators who won concessions in return for their votes and then worked to undermine the very deal they'd accepted.
As for the NLRB, Dave Johnson recently observed that Republicans paralyzed it by using the same tactic - refusing to confirm anyone for seats on its board. As a result, American employees were left without government-sponsored workplace protections.
Republicans also set about to deliberately obstruct and hinder the functioning of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission, a bipartisan panel created by Congress to investigate the causes of the financial crisis that has harmed tens of millions of people. As internal emails and other evidence soon made clear, several Republican appointees made it their business to obstruct the Commission's actions. Then they fought to discredit the Commission's final report. (See here and here.)
That's sabotage, pure and simple.
The Turnaround
Faced with such brutal obstructionism, it's been remarkable at best that this President has used his recess appointment power much less than his predecessors. That has seemed like a remarkably passive response to a concerted Republican campaign designed to paralyze the lawful functions of government.
Now it looks as if the President is beginning to fight back. CFPB Director Richard Corday is promising aggressive action and the NLRB can go back to work protecting Americans who work for a living. This action caps a two-month period in which the President has begun using the populist rhetoric of Teddy Roosevelt and Occupy Wall Street, and has promised at long last to stop dancing with an obstructionist Congress and take bold action to address our ongoing economic crisis.
He's being rewarded for it in his poll numbers, too. He's still in big trouble compared to his predecessors - even Jimmy Carter was doing much better at this point in his Presidency - his approval ratings have jumped since he began following some of the advice he's been getting from the much-decried "institutional left."
That shouldn't be a surprise: Poll after poll has shown that the vast majority of voters (often including a majority of Republicans) wants to see higher taxes for millionaires, safeguards for Social Security and Medicare, and an end to the cushy treatment of Wall Street wrongdoers. Appointing Cordray will help him address that last issue.
If he keeps this up the President could paint a 2012 narrative that's straight out of a Sam Peckinpah movie: He was reasonable - maybe too reasonable, some folks said.
I can see the poster now. But everybody has their limit ...
The artlessness of the deal
But any good will the President may have earned could be evaporated in an instant if a cushy foreclosure fraud settlement is reached with the big banks. There is a mountain of evidence suggesting that bankers deliberately committed widespread fraud against homeowners by filing false court documents (perjury), avoiding local and state filing fees (tax evasion), and deceiving investors about the quality of mortgage-backed securities (fraud; securities fraud).
The public has watched with frustration and fury as the SEC negotiates deal after deal with big banks to settle their criminal activity with fines that are paid by others (often the same investors who were defrauded by bank executives) while the Justice Department does nothing to investigate or indict bankers. A few courageous state Attorneys General have been investigations that could uncover the extent and nature of the banks' criminal fraud and put some malefactors behind bars.
Nevertheless, officials in the Obama Administration are still aggressively pushing for a deal that would allow the banks to pay a relatively small sum, given the scope of their crimes. It would shut down those state investigations, too. That would prevent the public from every learning the extent and nature of bank crimes, and would protect possible criminals from the consequences of their actions.
There's still time
Imagine what will happen if a settlement deal is announced in the next few weeks or months, and that deal allows bankers to walk away scott-free while homeowners suffer. The President's poll numbers will plunge. Occupy demonstrators are likely to target banks, the Justice Department, the White House, and every Democratic precinct headquarters in the country.
And that's not the tragedy here. The consequences for American homeowners would be the real tragedy: No justice for people who were deceived into borrowing money on homes that the banks knew would drop in value. No justice for people whose homes were over-valued by bank-friendly appraisers. No justice for states who were defrauded out of their bank fees, or for investors who were deceived into losing money.
Even people who were foreclosed upon illegally wouldn't be guaranteed justice, since the administrator of the restitution fund would be hired and supervised by the banks. (There would be oversight by government regulators, but how has that worked out so far?)
Don't do it, Mr. President. Don't let your Administration be the architect of a lousy deal like this. There's still time to do the right thing. There's still time to use your Administration's resources to help the states uncover crimes, wherever they occur.
Most of all, there's still time to issue a directive to the Treasury Department and Justice Department: No cushy deal for bankers.
_________________________________
Related Posts:
That $335 Million Bank of America Settlement: The Good, the Bad, the (Very) Ugly
Wall Street: Guilty as Charged Mr. President, Stop Protecting Bankers ...
Pictures Of MERS, Part 1: Corporate Documents Illustrate The Mortgage Shell Game
Fix Foreclosure Fraud With A Borrowers' Bill Of Rights
Getting Medieval On Your Assets: Four Reasons Foreclosure Fraud Really, Really Matters
British police investigating allegations of widespread child sex abuse at football clubs dating back to the 1970s said on Friday they had identified 83 potential suspects and possible links to 98 clubs, including some from the Premier League.
Police forces across the country launched inquiries after former player Andy Woodward revealed he had been abused as a boy by a youth team coach, prompting other ex-professionals to come forward with more allegations.
The National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) said 639 referrals had been made to officers from a helpline set up by the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children charity, involving about 350 potential victims.
Read more | Former football coach Barry Bennell charged with child abuse
“Allegations received by police forces across the country are being swiftly acted upon,” said Chief Constable Simon Bailey, the NPCC lead for child protection.
“We are also liaising closely with the Football Association to ensure all relevant information they hold is shared to inform investigations moving forward.”
Read more | Former Chelsea player alleges club paid him to keep mum about sexual abuse
The harrowing tales of abuse suffered by the former players, some of whom have broken down in tears in television interviews, have shocked Britain. They raise questions about the scale of the problem, how many clubs and football authorities knew, and whether they tried to cover it up.
English football's governing body, the Football Association, has launched an internal review into what it admitted could be one of the sport's biggest crises, and promised to fully publicise its findings.
Read more | FIFA president Gianni Infantino urges zero tolerance for child abuse
The NPCC said not all the 98 clubs whose names were mentioned to the police were under investigation. “The figure spans all tiers of football, from premier clubs through to amateur,” it said in a statement. It added that 98 percent of the victims were male, aged between seven and 20 at the time.
The football abuse revelations are the latest in a series of paedophile scandals to have hit Britain in recent years.
Victims said the scale of wrongdoing was likely to be worse than in the case of TV star Jimmy Savile, a cigar-chomping BBC television host who abused hundreds of youngsters over six decades until his death in 2011.
First Published: Dec 09, 2016 16:35 IST
June 25, 2012
The annual convention of the biggest association of for-profit colleges, APSCU, concluded last Friday in Las Vegas. Republic Report wanted to cover the event, because we all helped pay for it: Taxpayers provide $32 billion a year to this industry — for some schools, over 90 percent of their revenue.
These corporations could strive to be worthy of this massive government support by prioritizing education for their students. Instead, many for-profit colleges engage in deceptive recruiting and offer high-priced, low-quality programs that leave many students — veterans, people of color, low-income parents, etc. — jobless and deep in debt. Aided by APSCU, such companies then use aggressive lobbying and campaign contributions to fight against efforts to hold them accountable.
APSCU refused to let Republic Report attend the convention, but we've tapped our sources to report on it anyway.
Last Thursday, we posted exclusive audio of former D.C. public schools chancellor Michelle Rhee's remarks. Called out by Republic Report for agreeing to speak at the event, Rhee pledged to tell the for-profit colleges “hard truths.” But she didn't; her gentle remarks barely scratched the surface of the problems with this industry.
The event's other big speaker, President George W. Bush, probably would have been even more willing than Rhee to tell the for-profit colleges what they wanted to hear. After all, it was under Bush that the U.S. Department of Education turned a blind eye to misconduct in the industry, unleashing a decade of waste, fraud, and abuse with taxpayer money and immense profits for the for-profits. But Bush perhaps didn't get a full briefing about what the audience might be looking for.
Speaking on Friday, Bush barely addressed higher education, but in discussing his signature education initiative, the No Child Left Behind plan for K-12 schools, Bush said, “Any time you reform, it sparks controversy…. My attitude all along is that you've got to measure…. If government spends money, doesn't it make sense for government to ask, are there results? I think it does.” Bush paused, perhaps waiting for applause, but he didn't get any. Not surprising, because APSCU and its members spent millions lobbying furiously to block Obama Administration rules aimed precisely at measuring performance and results for schools receiving federal student grants and loans.
The attendees also had to contend with a small cluster of protestors, including some former students who complained of mistreatment by their schools. A conference welcome message from APSCU's new CEO, Steve Gunderson, told his members to watch out for lurking dissenters: “One thing I've learned during the early days of my leadership at Apscu is that there are those who philosophically oppose private-sector education delivery. Even worse, they're desperate to define our sector in the worst possible way without acknowledging any of the good associated with it. We must be cognizant of this during our convention. As you conduct your important work, I want to encourage a heightened level of awareness, as there are some who will attempt to advance their political or ideological agenda at the expense of our schools.”
The wealthy for-profit education corporation owners at APSCU got an additional jolt when the Department of Education on Thursday starting sending them information about their performance with respect to the hotly-contested “gainful employment” rule that could, in a few years, cut off federal aid to programs that consistently leave students unable to repay their loans. Not all of their schools may fare well under this analysis. The Department announced on Friday that it will release the data this week.
But the APSCU attendees were buoyed when a trade reporter speaking on a panel announced that he had just learned that a long-awaited report from the Education Department's Inspector General, investigating possible official misconduct in developing the gainful employment rule, “detail[ed] the influence of short sellers … and could be pretty spectacular in its findings.” The crowd applauded loudly. Industry lobbyists have long implied a conspiracy between the Department and Wall Street short-seller Steven Eisman, who compared the industry to the collapsed subprime mortgage market. In fact the Inspector General report, released late Friday, offered nothing spectacular on that issue or any other; instead, its key conclusion was “The Department Appropriately Handled Sensitive Information During the Gainful Employment Negotiated Rulemaking Process.”
Still, even if the APSCU executives and lobbyists were able to believe for that brief moment that they might be on the verge of exacting some revenge on the Education Department for daring to hold the industry accountable, they couldn't escape some bad indicators. “There's not enough money,” said APSCU CEO Gunderson. Severe federal budget pressures mean that federal financial aid — the only reason that many APSCU member schools are able to exist — almost certainly will decline.
But at least there was enough money in the industry this year to not only pay for Rhee and Bush's appearances, but also for one of the big companies that feeds students to the for-profits, EducationDynamics, to fly in Shannen Doherty — “best known for her role on Beverly Hills, 90210, Charmed, Heathers and numerous others.” Doherty came to pose for photos with for-profit execs and to raffle off a copy of her book, “Badass: A Hard-Earned Guide to Living Life with Style and (Right) Attitude.” And Gunderson is confident there will be enough money to pay for another big convention in 2013. “See you next year in Florida,” he said as the Vegas session closed.
UPDATE: A source of ours who attended the APSCU conference has more to report:
Clearly the sector is concerned about its prospects, given new
regulations and accountability. The conference featured crowded (and
anxiety-tinged) sessions on “Gainful Employment” regulations, the
threat posed by the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and
avoiding “misrepresentations” in recruiting. In plenary sessions,
APSCU officials made repeated reference to the upcoming reauthorization of
the Higher Education Act, which defines the sector's access to
taxpayer funds, and implored member schools to get involved with the
trade association's “grassroots” efforts to lobby Congress. But the
mood wasn't totally pessimistic. In a members-only session on Thursday
afternoon, the General Counsel of APSCU, Brian Moran, expressed
confidence that the trade association would obtain a favorable
decision in their ongoing lawsuit to block the Department of
Education's “gainful employment” measures. Further, the panel — which
also included Tony Guida of Education Management Corporation and Roger
Dalton of National College — openly mocked Senator Kay Hagan's
proposal to prohibit the use of federal loan funds for advertising and
marketing. (Some publicly traded for-profits spend 20% or more of
their taxpayer-funded budgets on marketing.) The panelists called
Hagan's provision “unenforceable,” unless the government used “marked
bills,” and noted that it had little chance of passage, as indicated
by unified Republican opposition in the Senate HELP Committee.
Republic Report does not share the APSCU panelists' apparent dismissive view of Senator Hagan's bill. The “marked bills” comment is presumably a reference to the fact that money is fungible, so it would be theoretically difficult to tell schools that they cannot spend federal aid money on marketing costs. But in fact, as Senator Hagan noted on a conference call I was on last week, many for-profit colleges spend more on marketing than they receive in revenue from sources other than the federal government — and more on marketing than they do on education. So, in fact, the bill seriously challenges the way those schools do business now. Senator Hagan was well aware of the challenges ahead in passing the bill; she noted on the call that, in the gainful employment fight, the for-profit college industry hired “practically every lobbyist on the Hill.” But, in fact, her legislation is advancing — it was included in a bill passed earlier this month by a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Blood-spattered floors. Cat feces. Broken equipment. A 15-year-old giving anesthesia. Two women dead, countless more maimed and injured. Third-trimester fetuses delivered alive whose spines were then severed by the doctor. This was the Women's Medical Society in West Philadelphia. This is what illegal abortion looks like. Ad Policy
That's right. Illegal abortion. A great deal has been written about Dr. Kermit Gosnell and the shocking conditions and practices at his facility, which was closed last March after a drug raid, and is back in the news because a grand jury has indicted him and nine employees for murder in the deaths of one woman and seven infants. There have been many calls for further restrictions on abortion, much revulsion expressed at post-viability abortions, much blame cast on prochoicers for supposedly doing nothing to stop him. But it has not been pointed out often enough that what Dr. Gosnell was doing was illegal in Pennsylvania. It is not legal to perform abortions after twenty-four weeks. It is not legal to slit the necks of born-alive fetuses at any age, much less at thirty weeks or even more. It is not legal for untrained, unlicensed employees to perform medical procedures.
Now prochoicers are being blamed for this rogue operator. The grand jury report suggests that Tom Ridge, Republican governor from 1995 to 2001, discontinued inspections because prochoicers claimed they were too burdensome. The ones I talked to were skeptical. “We never lobbied against inspection,” Carol Tracy of the Women's Law Project, which represents clinics in Pennsylvania, told me by phone. She pointed out that under Ridge's Democratic predecessor, Bob Casey, who was famously opposed to legal abortion, Gosnell's clinic was inspected three times, and each time serious problems were found. Nothing was done. Perhaps it's relevant that Gosnell's patients were poor, many of them immigrants—like 41-year-old Karnamaya Mongar from Nepal, with whose murder Gosnell has been charged—who may not even have known that safe and legal abortion is available here.
On Slate, William Saletan agreed with the grand jury's criticism of the National Abortion Federation, which rejected Gosnell's 2009 application for membership, for failing to alert state authorities to the terrible conditions at his facility. In her organization's defense, NAF head Vicki Saporta says, “What we saw didn't meet our standards, but they'd cleaned the place up and hired an RN for our visit. We only saw first-trimester procedures.” Others did alert authorities about problems at the facility, though. A doctor from the Children's Hospital hand-delivered a complaint to the Health Department after numerous patients returned from Gosnell's facility with venereal disease from unsterilized instruments. The department never responded. As the grand jury report noted, the department was also alerted by the medical examiner of Delaware County that Gosnell had performed an illegal abortion on a 14-year-old who was thirty weeks pregnant. And the department was informed of Mongar's death at Gosnell's hands. Brenda Green, executive director of CHOICE, a nonprofit that connects the underinsured and uninsured with health services, told me it tried to report complaints from clients, but the department wouldn't accept them from a third party. Instead, the patients had to fill out a daunting five-page form, available only in English, that required them to reveal their identities upfront and be available to testify in Harrisburg. Even with CHOICE staffers there to help, only two women agreed to fill out the form, and both decided not to submit it. The Department of State and the Philadelphia Public Health Department also had ample warning of dire conditions and took no action.
It might seem odd that Pennsylvania, where antichoice legislators have laden abortion with restrictions, should have been so uninterested in the Women's Medical Society. But actually it makes perfect sense. As Carol Tracy put it, “The problem here was that Pennsylvania has always focused on eliminating abortion, not on abortion as healthcare.” In fact, as she points out, the Pennsylvania Abortion Control Act, the primary vehicle for regulating abortion, is part of the criminal code. “Since abortion isn't seen as medical care, they didn't have the appropriate locus for oversight.”
What fueled Gosnell's business were the very restrictions the legislature was so keen on passing—parental notification, waiting periods, biased counseling and, most important, a ban on state funding for abortion for low-income women. Would women have gone to the Women's Medical Society if Pennsylvania paid for abortion with Medicaid funds? Would they have had late procedures if they could have afforded earlier ones? Maybe some underage girls went to him to avoid the parental notification rules that supposedly protected them. Only women who felt they had no better alternative would have accepted such dangerous, degrading and frightening treatment. In a way, that's the saddest part—that women didn't feel they could turn around and leave.
Will Pennsylvania learn anything from this experience? No, says Brenda Green. As I write, the state legislature has fast-tracked a bill that will ban any insurance plan that covers abortion from insurance exchanges set up under healthcare reform. That means more women forced to pay for abortion out of pocket—and more customers for unscrupulous providers. “That Gosnell was able to get away with his horrific practice does not prove new regulations are needed,” says Susan Schewel, executive director of the Women's Medical Fund, which helps low-income women pay for their abortions. “It shows we need to enforce the laws we have.”
Tom Penn (general manager), George Karl (coach), Amin Elhassan (scouting director) and Kevin Pelton (analytics director) simulate a conversation that an actual front office might have about particular topics. Today, the group weighs in on the NBA offseason moves with the most impact. Want in on the conversation? Use #NBAFrontOffice.
Other than the Cleveland Cavaliers, whose offseason moves have improved them the most?
George Karl: Be aware, the Chicago Bulls have the best talent they've had on their team around Derrick Rose since he's been there. Joakim Noah made a major step forward as a big-time player and a leader of that team. I think Doug McDermott is going to be perfect for that roster. Pau Gasol will figure out how to help them win games. Their team has more talent -- "winning championships talent" instead of just "winning basketball games" talent -- than they ever had before.
Paul McCartney Guest Star Information Gender Status Birth June 18, 1942 Nationality British Claim to fame Musician / Songwriter Character Himself First appearance Lisa the Vegetarian"
This article is about Paul McCartney the musician and guest voice actor. For the character, please see Paul McCartney (character).
Sir James Paul McCartney (born 18 June 1942) is a British musician and songwriter, and a former member of The Beatles and Wings (band). He is noted by the Guinness World Records as the most successful songwriter in the history of popular music.[1]
On The Simpsons, McCartney appeared in the episode "Lisa the Vegetarian" as himself, alongside his now deceased wife Linda. McCartney's stipulation for appearing was that Lisa's decision to become a vegetarian would be a permanent character change, to which producer David Mirkin agreed.[2]
McCartney was the final surviving Beatle to appear on The Simpsons, following Ringo Starr and George Harrison. John Lennon was assassinated in 1980, years before the show began. Harrison died in 2001, years after his own, McCartney's, and Starr's appearances on the show.
Appearances
Photo
Ever since he was a boy, his brother said, Reynaldo Nazario has been obsessed with two things: cars and keys.
He would pull up a chair to the washing machine in his family's Bronx apartment, take a key and pretend to drive the washer.
“Nobody could sit in that chair,” said his younger brother, Frank Nazario. “He'd be in that chair for hours. He'd say, ‘You can't drive my car.'”
In adulthood, his brother said, the obsession has taken a different form: he steals cars.
He spent 9 of the last 10 years locked away on various convictions related to auto theft. In May, he got out of prison, but he did not stay idle long, prosecutors say.
On Aug. 9, according to a criminal complaint, Mr. Nazario, now 35, showed up at an auto graveyard in the shadow of Interstate 95 in the Bronx with a 1997 Honda Accord, claimed to be its owner, and sold it for scrap for $350.
Two days later, the complaint says, he did the same with a 1995 Accord. Ten days later, two more Accords, the authorities said, and on and on until the morning of Oct. 23, when Mr. Nazario took in a 1994 Accord, was paid his $350 and placed under arrest.
He had sold to the scrapyard, according to the authorities, 30 stolen cars in the span of 75 days, or an average of one every 60 hours.
On Friday, the Bronx district attorney's office announced Mr. Nazario's indictment on charges of 26 of the thefts, with 4 cases still before the grand jury.
Frank Nazario, 31, a dietary aide in a nursing home, is at a loss to explain his brother's habit.
Reynaldo does not have a substance abuse problem, Frank Nazario said Friday at the apartment they grew up in on West 182nd Street in University Heights.
“My brother's drug is cars,” he said. “He can't stay away from them.”
Frank Nazario described him as a well-liked man who never learned to write more than his name and often lived off Supplemental Security Income, a federal benefit for low-income disabled people, when he was not incarcerated.
In his youth, Frank said, Reynaldo amassed cracker tins full of keys. In his adolescence, when older boys in the neighborhood stole cars and stripped them, “they would leave him the leftovers and he'd think the car was his,” Frank said.
Reynaldo eventually graduated to stealing cars himself, Frank said. He would pry the lock mechanism from the door of a car he wanted, take it home, file a blank key to fit the lock, and go help himself to the car, Frank said.
Talking him out of it was hopeless.
“I'd tell him, ‘It's not the '80s anymore,'” Frank said. “‘Cops are on to you.'” Reynaldo would promise to quit, his brother said, then go out and return with grease under his nails and the telltale scent of gas on his clothes.
“We'd know he was up to something but he'd just get defensive,” Frank Nazario said. “Then he'd call us from the precinct.”
Reynaldo Nazario has served five stretches in state prison. In 2004, he was sent away for 2 years and 10 months for an assault that involved hitting several police officers with a stolen car, crushing one of the officers against another car, according to the state corrections department. His brother said Reynaldo had anxiety issues and would panic when confronted by the police.
The recent spree ended, said Paul J. Browne, the top Police Department spokesman, after detectives identified Mr. Nazario in a “review of scrapyard sales records citywide.” Prosecutors said some of the cars had been returned to their owners, but others were crushed.
The scrapyard where Mr. Nazario is said to have taken his business, New England Used Auto Parts, on a desolate road in Eastchester, is not in trouble, Mr. Browne said: scrapyards are not obligated to report even what appears to be suspicious activity to the police.
Mr. Nazario, on the other hand, is being held in lieu of $100,000 bond or $50,000 cash bail and faces 26 counts each of possessing stolen property, falsifying business records and felony grand larceny. Theoretically, he could face more than 100 years in prison.
The previous time Mr. Nazario was free, two or three years ago, he was helping a neighbor fix her car when he messed something up, his brother recalled.
“He said to the woman, ‘Don't worry, I'll get you another car.'”
Mr. Nazario stole one from in front of the building and gave it to the woman, Frank Nazario said. The solution worked, the brother added, until the car's owner saw the woman driving his car.
Get the biggest Liverpool FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool FC are prepared to off-load Stewart Downing at a massive loss with Newcastle United having been told they can sign him for a cut-price £5million.
The winger's representatives have been contacted by the North East outfit to confirm their interest and find out whether he would be keen on a move to St James' Park.
Downing, who cost the Reds £20million from Aston Villa two years ago, has asked for some time to consider his options.
Stewart Downing's time at Liverpool in pictures
The 29-year-old had no intention of leaving Anfield after being reassured by Brendan Rodgers earlier in pre-season that he remained part of his plans.
However, he now intends to hold talks over his future after learning of Liverpool's willingness to sell him on.
Downing played in Liverpool's opening three friendlies against Preston, Indonesia and Melbourne Victory but has been an unused substitute in the past two games against Thailand and Olympiacos.
Philippe Coutinho, Iago Aspas, Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe have all been selected ahead of him in the wide attacking roles.
Downing, who was the subject of interest from West Ham last month, wants to stay put and fight for his place. However, if he's informed he's not going to feature then he will reluctantly agree to a transfer.
Having battled so hard to establish himself as a first-team regular in the second half of last season, the England international doesn't want to go back to life warming the bench.
Downing, who has two years left on his contract, was told by Rodgers last November he could leave in the January transfer window but responded by kick-starting his Anfield career and played a key role in Liverpool's revival.
“I feel settled now,” he said recently. “The first year at Liverpool was difficult but once I established myself in the team last season I really enjoyed it.
“That's why I don't want to leave. If you are playing with good players in a good team then you don't want to lose that.”
Newcastle are signing Loic Remy on a season-long loan from QPR and hope to further boost their strikeforce with a deal for Aston Villa's Darren Bent. Toon boss Alan Pardew wants Downing to provide the service for them.
Downing, who grew up in the North East and started his career at Middlesbrough, will be part of the Liverpool squad who fly to Norway today. Rodgers' side face Valerenga in Oslo tomorrow night.
BYU Broadcasting is giving up its PBS television affiliation and abandoning its classical music format on radio.
As of June 30, KBYU-Channel 11 will terminate its affiliation with PBS and become an over-the-air outlet for cable/satellite channel BYUtv in Utah. On the radio side, KBYU-FM will become an over-the-air outlet for BYUradio, currently available on Sirius XM and online, and eliminate its classical music programming. It's part of a “strategic plan.”
“ If we had a clean sheet and were building a new broadcast organization today, I don't think you'd look at either of those formats,” said Michael Dunn, managing director of BYU Broadcasting. “It's tough, because it involves some broadcast properties that are much-loved.”
But focusing on BYUtv and BYUradio “just kind of become a no-brainer in terms of what we need to do.”
(Courtesy BYU Broadcasting) The 100,000-square-foot BYU Broadcasting Building, completed in 2010, is a state-of-the-art HD production and distribution facility.
All the PBS programming that airs on KBYU-Channel 11 can also be found on KUED-Channel 7. The transition for classical-music listeners will be more difficult; there are no other classical-music stations on regular AM or FM radio in Utah. (KUER has a classical-music feed, KUER3, that's available on HD radio or streaming online.)
Dunn, who was general manager of KUED from 2010-13, recalled the “firestorm” that erupted when KUER dropped its music formats on its main FM station.
“ It's going to cause some consternation. And I'm sensitive to that,” he said. “But in this digital era, there are so many resources for classical music that it just really doesn't make sense” to maintain the status quo at KBYU-FM.
Dunn promised advertising and outreach that will point TV viewers to PBS programming on KUED and radio listeners to other ways to find classical music.
“ This is not the Baltimore Colts leaving town in the middle of the night,” he said.
Dunn also said that some radio shows may migrate from KBYU-FM to a BYUradio lineup that includes talk (about travel, parenting, literature, faith, etc.) and sports (both live events and studio shows). And “a more concentrated program about classical music” could join the lineup.
There's no such issue with KBYU-Channel 11. On Monday, for example, two-thirds of the TV schedule — 18 shows — is also available on KUED.
That doesn't make sense,” Dunn said. “You just can't do that in this day and age. So why not double down on what really is the future for us, which is BYUtv?”
KUED General Manager James Morgese noted that “KBYU has been a longtime partner in providing public television service in Utah. We wish them well in their next chapter.”
“ While we'll miss the good relationship we had with them, Utahns can continue finding all their favorite PBS programs, including the children's programs they trust, on both KUED and our 24/7 PBS Kids channel.”
Only one show will transition from KBYU to BYUtv — the student-produced local newscast. And that will continue to air only on Channel 11 in Utah.
There's a bonus for BYU fans who subscribe to DirecTV or Dish — they'll be able to watch Cougar sports in HD. (BYUtv is not in HD on those two satellite systems, but KBYU is.)
BYU is also shutting down BYUtv International, which achieved only “limited distribution” on broadcast, cable and satellite in the United States and Latin America.
“ We don't have enough resources to really make a dent in Latin America,” Dunn said. “So my hope is that we sort of retrench a little bit there.”
The plan is to develop “quality” programming for Spanish speakers in the United States “and then build out again.”
All the changes will be accomplished without layoffs.
“ I'm going to tell the staff on Monday. … There are no jobs lost in this transition,” Dunn said, although some employees will be reassigned.
He emphasized that the changes are not cost-cutting measures. As a matter of fact, BYU Broadcasting will be forfeiting millions of dollars in funding from the Corporation for Public Broadcasting by leaving PBS.
Funding “wasn't even part of the consideration,” Dunn said. “It really is an effort to do what's best for our future.”
We've all heard the joke about spending more time deciding what to watch on Netflix than actually watching Netflix. A new Chrome extension solves this problem by choosing shows on your behalf.
It's called OttoPlay, and it basically mimics the channel-surfing experience of traditional TV, only with Netflix videos and the occasional YouTube clip. You can download the extension for free from the Chrome Web Store.
Once installed, the OttoPlay button pops up near the top-right corner of the browser. Clicking it opens a full-screen window that starts playing a video automatically. Move your cursor to the bottom of the screen, and a TV guide pops up, giving you 14 “channels” around themes like comedy, drama, kids, and anime. If you don't like what's on, you can simply jump ahead to the next show or click the randomize button to alter the current channel's lineup.
There's nothing particularly magical about how OttoPlay pulls its content together. Rory Stolzenberg, OttoPlay's creator, told me that he manually gathers Netflix show lists and YouTube playlists, dumps the links into a database, and assigns them to channels as he sees fit. (Netflix makes this more of a hassle by not offering a public API, he said.) A basic algorithm then randomizes each channel's lineup.
In theory, this means OttoPlay will only stay fresh for as long as Stolzenberg stays interested in the project (which he says is a labor of love right now), but that doesn't mean you'll run out of things to watch. The database is already well-stocked enough that you can randomize a channel's lineup a half-dozen times and not see a duplicate episode.
Stolzenberg also said adding new content sources is a top priority. He plans to start with Hulu, followed by Amazon Prime and HBO Go. “I want OttoPlay to be as watchable as TV even for extended periods, so filling it up with full-length episodes is crucial,” he said.
Beyond adding more content on his own, Stolzenberg is pondering a crowdsourced system for users to vote on what goes into a channel, or create and share their own channels. “Near term, my solution is to keep the channels broad and let you remove shows so you can whittle channels down to exactly what you want,” he said.
Personally, I'd prefer that he work on stability first. In my experience, hitting the randomize button on a channel sometimes causes the lineup to disappear completely. Navigating with the keyboard is also less reliable than the cursor, as the guide tends to automatically slide out of view while I'm scrolling around.
Being able to run OttoPlay on smart TVs and set-top boxes would also be nice, but the extension is so dependent on recognizing URLs from the open web that this is unlikely to happen anytime soon. If you're using a Chromebox or home-theater PC, however, OttoPlay should work flawlessly.
Currently, Stolzenberg has no plans to make money from OttoPlay, though he's thought about letting users opt into advertisements if they want to support the project. What he really wants now is feedback on what sources to add, what personalization options to include, and whether he should add live events from sources like Twitch. The best way to provide that input is to e-mail him.
Using OttoPlay, it strikes me that this is exactly how TV should work in the age of cord cutting. It's not exactly appointment viewing because each show starts from the beginning when you flip to it, but the extension still maintains some of the serendipity and passiveness that comes from flipping through the channels. The more I think about it, the crazier it is that Netlfix doesn't offer this kind of feature on its own. While OttoPlay is far from perfect, it's the best tool we've got for all those moments of indecision.
This story, "Don't know what to watch on Netflix? Let the OttoPlay Chrome extension decide" was originally published by TechHive .
Budget Minister Jerome Cahuzac, a key actor in France's struggle to bring down the deficit, was forced to resign Tuesday over accusations that he once held a secret Swiss bank account to hide money paid to him by drug companies during his earlier career as a doctor.
Cahuzac's departure, announced by President Francois Hollande's office, made him the first member of Hollande's 10-month-old government to be pushed out of office on suspicion of impropriety. It was particularly embarrassing to the Socialist president because the combative Cahuzac embodied the tax rises and budget cuts that have been a strongly criticized part of Hollande's rule.
In a statement, Cahuzac said he resigned to better defend himself and to prevent the government from being inconvenienced by the accusations against him. He denied committing any misdeeds.
For months, in interviews and in a solemn declaration to Parliament, Cahuzac has denied having a secret Swiss bank account or otherwise dodging taxes. To dramatize his denial, he brought a libel suit against Mediapart, the investigative Internet news site that leveled the accusations.
The resignation came hours after the Paris prosecutor's office announced that it was opening a formal investigation, suggesting that it would name a special investigating magistrate. The step did not mean that Cahuzac was under indictment, but only that the prosecutor's office deemed the allegations were worthy of further investigation.
“It concluded logically the same thing we did, that is, that a judicial inquiry is necessary to carry out international investigations,” said Edwy Plenel, who directs Mediapart.
The prosecutor's office said it acted because a scientific analysis and reliable witnesses had confirmed the authenticity of a two-decade-old recording in which, according to Mediapart, Cahuzac is heard telling a friend that he was troubled by having an account in Switzerland.
Moreover, it said, other witnesses interrogated during a preliminary investigation said the account may have contained money paid to Cahuzac by drug companies. The prosecutor's office did not specify what the money might have been paid for. Before going into politics, Cahuzac made a fortune running a hair-implant clinic in partnership with his former wife.
“The queries carried out as part of a preliminary investigation must be pursued from now on in a more appropriate procedural framework, given the complexity of the investigation to be pursued, putting into practice international repression assistance in Switzerland as well as Singapore,” the prosecutor's office said.
Mediapart reported that the account had been closed more than a decade ago and that the money apparently had been transferred to a bank in Singapore. Cahuzac also denied the existence of this account.
Cahuzac was replaced by Bernard Cazeneuve, who had been deputy minister for European affairs.
They Can't Stop Us
Justin Trudeau, Rachel Notley, every left wing activist in Canada -- they've been trying to stop us at The Rebel for more than two years. And I was never worried until now. Because they've finally figured out how to do it. And we need your help if we're going to survive.
On August 1, an ominous blog post from YouTube changed everything.
YouTube is how we get our message out. We have more than 850,000 YouTube subscribers. We're one of the biggest YouTube news channels in the world — by far the biggest in Canada.
They called it “an update to fight terror content online”. It does start out talking about terrorism, but then it moves to what YouTube calls “controversial” ideas. That could mean anything. That does mean us. Because we talk about the controversies of the day. Here's what YouTube says they're going to start doing to YouTube channels like us:
Tougher standards: We'll soon be applying tougher treatment to videos that aren't illegal but have been flagged by users as potential violations of our policies on hate speech and violent extremism. If we find that these videos don't violate our policies but contain controversial religious or supremacist content, they will be placed in a limited state.
So they're not just banning terrorist videos. They're banning things that aren't illegal, they are just controversial, or potentially controversial according to some complainer online. Well, all of our content is “potentially” controversial, especially to thin-skinned whiners on the left — like Justin Trudeau and Rachel Notley, to name a couple.
And the very day that YouTube released their new policy about “controversial” people, they shut down the account of our friend, Prof. Jordan Peterson. No notice, nothing. Just blocked. They eventually put it back up. But how long will it be until they take it down for good?
Google has disabled my main account. No explanation given. Cannot access my YouTube channel. — Jordan B Peterson (@jordanbpeterson) August 1, 2017
We don't know if YouTube decided to attack Jordan Peterson themselves, or if someone asked them to do so. Like when Justin Trudeau's office asked that Google delete search results linking to websites made when Harper was in office. And that's what worries us. There is no transparency in these decisions. YouTube just blocked Jordan Peterson one day, and didn't tell him anything. And he'll never know what happened.
Do you think we have a few years left on YouTube before we're banned? A few months? Maybe a few days? It's only a matter of time. So what then?
Our Plan
So, we're going to build an "app" — that's short for an application. What used to be called software.
We're going to build an app that we own — not owned by YouTube. An app that you can use to watch us on your smart phone — we'll have both an Apple iPhone and an Android version. And it will work for your laptop, or even on your TV set, through Roku or Apple TV.
We've actually been working on this app for months. We think it will be ready in September.
It will be a free app. You can download it for free. You can watch all our short videos for free. Just like always.
But we'll own the app. So no-one can have that power over us. No-one can have that power over you.
The app will have everything in it — not just all our videos that are right now on YouTube, all 6,500 of them. But it will have our TV shows too — the paywall stuff, like the daily Ezra Levant Show. And we're launching more shows after Labour Day, so the timing is perfect.
The app will have other things in it too — all the social media right in it, feeds like Twitter, Facebook, etc. But also special notifications from us to you — again, something that can never be blocked by an outside company. No third party company will get in your way of watching our stuff.
The app will continue to work with YouTube, until the moment YouTube does a Professor Peterson on us, and kills our account there. But guess what — that very moment, we push a button, and we go 100% self-sufficient, with our own video player. That no-one can take away from us or from you. The app will do that.
We're going to stay on YouTube as long as we can — we like them, even though they hate our guts. But when they finally come for us, we'll have another place to go. Where Trudeau's lobbyist friends can't touch us or you.
But we don't have the budget to do this on our own. We're not the CBC, that gets $1.5 billion a year from Justin Trudeau, and acts like it. We're 100% independent. We can't afford this. But at the same time, we can't afford to not do this.
That's why we need your help.
How You Can Help
Here's how it breaks down:
Developing the app is going to cost us a lot of money. $120,000, for it to have the functions I mentioned above — notifications, social media, and play our video content.
Integrating the app with our video hosting and with payment systems — that's another $19,000.
$90,000 to build a proprietary video player, that runs the videos in the app. That serves up all the gigabytes worth of videos, on demand, quickly, in high def, to replace what YouTube gives us now free.
To move our 6,500 videos over from YouTube to the app is about $13,000 — or about two dollars a video.
To upgrade our existing TV apps for Roku and Apple TV is $20,000.
And $40,000 to upgrade our computer software and servers at our headquarters, to make all of this work.
Together, that's $302,000.
I know that's a lot. It's the biggest expense we've ever had in our history. That's what it costs to make your own conservative alternative to YouTube — and to make it better, too, so you can take it on the go, in a beautiful, easy-to-use app on your phone, that seamlessly works at home on your TV and laptop.
Everything in one place — no more signing in and then signing in again.
That's a lot of money. But we need to do this, don't you think?
Can you please help? We need to finish the app — and we need it the sooner the better. I have no idea if Google plans to come for us like they came for Professor Peterson — and we won't know until the moment it happens, they're sneaky that way.
Can you please help -- with $5, $50 or even $500?
Perks for Donors
$100
Donors who give at least $100 will get their names permanently displayed on a special thank-you website.
Donors who give at least $100 will get their names permanently displayed on a special thank-you website. $250
Donors who give at least $250 will have their names displayed in a special thank-you video as well as being on the thank-you website.
Donors who give at least $250 will have their names displayed in a special thank-you video as well as being on the thank-you website. $1,000
Those who donate $1,000 or more we'll have their names engraved in brass on a beautiful plaque that is hung in Rebel HQ.
Those who donate $1,000 or more we'll have their names engraved in brass on a beautiful plaque that is hung in Rebel HQ. $10,000
For the very special people who donate $10,000 or more, Ezra will meet them for lunch in Toronto or any major city in North America. And they will also get their names on a plaque.
For the very special people who donate $10,000 or more, Ezra will meet them for lunch in Toronto or any major city in North America. And they will also get their names on a plaque. $50,000
If some amazing guardian angel wants to donate $50,000, then we will literally name our entire world headquarters for them, for one year. Ezra will end every show by saying "we're signing off from the John Smith world headquarters of The Rebel", or whatever name you like! (Subject to editorial discretion.)
Support Us By Mail
You can contribute by cheque to support our crowd funder too. Please make it payable to "TheRebel" and add "They Can't Stop Us" to the memo section, and send it to:
The Rebel
PO Box 61056 Eglinton/Dufferin RO
Toronto, ON M6E 5B2
Donate & Contribute
You can help us reach each of our goals by clicking the red buttons below to donate.
Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels, who is considering a run for the 2012 Republican presidential nomination, veered from his party's orthodoxy on end-of-life care Friday, suggesting the nation cannot afford to provide every treatment and technology available for every single dying patient.
Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels (AP Photo/Darron Cummings)
“We all want to live forever. We want everything done to help us,” he told health care reporters during a discussion of Medicare and its financial pressures. “And we cannot , no one can, do absolutely everything that modern technology makes possible for absolutely everyone ‘til absolutely the very last day, the very last resort.”
He added that he understands the urge by families to push for what may be futile care. “It's the most human thing in the world,” he said. “Your loved one is in desperate shape.” He said “we can try this thing that has almost no chance of working” but questioned whether it is worth it, especially given that “it's going to cost an incredible amount of money.”
Many health care experts have voiced similar views, saying doctors and families need to do a better job at making choices at the end of life, but the subject has been politically taboo…
Following Adrian Fitipaldes' departure from the band, Northlane have been actively seeking the right frontman to carry on with the music. And it appears as if they've found what they consider to be the right guy. It hasn't been officially announced yet, but his name is Marcus Bridge (from Sound of Seasons). The band released the following two statements in recent history.
"We just confirmed that next Thursday we will be flying out our main man Will Putney to Sydney so that he can record our first single with our new vocalist. The track will be titled “Rot” and we will be shooting a music video for it the following week. We think it's one of the heaviest Northlane tracks ever. We are looking to introduce our new member via the single and video on November 21. In the meantime, keep an eye out on all our socials as we will be sharing photos and video from our recording and writing sessions."
"We won't announce who he is until Rot is released on November 21. The reason for this is simple, we don't want him to be judged prior to you all hearing him on a Northlane track. Northlane is first and foremost always about the music we create. So it makes sense that the best way to introduce a new member of our band is via the music we created with that member."
Now why Marcus Bridge, you ask? Because of the internet. Perceptive Northlane fans did some digging around photos that surfaced on Instagram from both guitarist Josh Smith and Marcus Bridge which look to be taken in the same room. Furthermore, the resemblance from Josh Smith's image is hard to deny. Looks like Marcus Bridge may very well be the new frontman.
While we wait for actual confirmation, here's his audition along with some music!
Links: Facebook // Twitter // Merch
Penny Auction ArrowOutlet.com Robots Exposed By UCSD Mathematics PhD Students
“That which is unjust can really profit no one; that which is just can really harm no one.” – Henry George
Whether you are a consumer who is searching to obtain electronics, gift cards and others items online at a discount, or someone of influence who is interested in protecting consumers please really read over what I'm about to share with you.
For nearly 3 years now Penny Auction Watch has been reporting on scam penny auction sites and their use of illegal bot bidding scripts, false advertising, manual shill bidding a number of other shady operations that are being undertaken by “penny auction entrepreneurs,” and provided a platform for consumers who are not receiving purchased goods to have a voice.
When it comes to consumers being blatantly ripped off by scam artists it cannot be stressed enough that enough is enough, and it's time that more is done to bring awareness and stop Internet fraud.
I started this site in 2009 because, I, as an unsuspecting consumer, new to penny auctions thought I could actually have a chance of obtaining a deal on a penny auction site only to become scammed by a shady business and their automated bot bidding scripted bidders that bid against me. At the time I did not see the government or any regulatory agencies doing anything or even looking into penny auctions even after I had proof of many sites blatantly stealing. In fact, the media was barely paying attention, those were the early days of penny auctions.
Things have started to change for the better, and now the FTC just a few months ago issued a consumer advisory. Both Washington State and Georgia took action against penny auctions: PennyBiddr & Wavee. The BBB has blogged about and issued warnings, and many reporters have talked about and are telling consumers to err on the side of caution when it comes to online penny auctions.
Over the years there have been even more penny auctions that came online, many of which were (some of which still are) outright, shamelessly scamming consumers not only in the US, the UK and a number of other countries including Ireland, Australia and New Zealand.
Now let's take a look at the penny auction business located at ArrowOutlet.com
In 2010 we posted the following in regards to the penny auction site ArrowOutlet.com – Bidazzl Launches as ArrowOutlet.com Possible Bots Alleged July 9, 2010:
“It does seem as if they have more bidders than they have traffic:
From Alexa: There are 1,623,263 sites with a better three-month global Alexa traffic rank than Arrowoutlet.com, and almost all visitors to the site come from the United States, where it has attained a traffic rank of 170,771. The site's visitors view an average of 2.1 unique pages per day. The bidder's on ArrowOutlet.com really seem, in our opinion to be alleged bots (shill bidders/programmed), with names like: mrsmcalmond, ofancientz, iambig, aburiddo, honeybea, 365daysbabi, wallgrommit, drunkentiger, fatdude, obnox, elquacko, goldenspie, modestmike, rickyidols among many others.”
I was just posting my opinion based on my experience bidding and observing penny auctions. There were other things that were not without scruple surrounding this site including, but not limited to, an alleged fake review blog back then as well.
We were just informed that a group of 5th year Mathematics PhD students at University of California, San Diego, as a part of a project in statistically modeling human decisions, they studied the penny auctions at the penny auction site ArrowOutlet.com. Over the course of two months, November and December of 2011, the students monitored the behavior of every user and they also recorded the bidding history of every auction. They tell us that their computers worked over 2,000 hours and analyzed over 500 megabytes of data. Now here's the kicker… After two months of analyzing the penny auctions on ArrowOutlet, what did they find? “Sadly, this work can not be used to model human game theory because the majority of users at ArrowOutlet.com are in fact robots.” They present their findings on the website ArrowOutletInfo.com. “We have decided to make this data public and anyone who would like to use this information can. In November and December 2011, the majority of bids at ArrowOutlet.com were placed by robots and the majority of auctions were won by robots. As a result, 95% of all humans who participated at ArrowOutlet.com in November or December 2011 lost money overall. In these 2 months, human net loss totaled over $260,000.00.”
Did you see that? These students allege that human net loss to the penny auction site has totaled over two hundred sixty thousand dollars!
The UCSD students state on their ArrowOutletInfo.com website that in November 2011 alone “ArrowOutlet won 11,529 of their own 16,797 auctions and manipulated the other 5,268. 3,034 users are alleged, based on their findings, to be robots. The robots caused 905 legitimate users to lose a combined $122,501.22 in one month.
I just checked out ArrowOutlet.com and just right now (it's nearly 1 AM EST) there are 18 items all ending, and being bid on simultaneously, with less than 40 seconds left on the clock. Out of these 18 items there are 2 Apple iMacs, 1 MacBook, 2 laptops (1 Asus, 1 Alienware) 2 iPads, a treadmill valued at $600, and an iPod Touch. All of these items would be considered high-ticket items. Many penny auction sites have not been able to offer so many high ticket items and still sustain themselves. So many penny auctions have shut down, just yesterday a site told us that they were shutting down because they didn't have enough money to continue operating.
The UCSD PhD students have presented their ArrowOutlet.com findings in depth, complete with a history of all completed auctions, all bid histograms, how they detected robots, and what they claim is the site's net earning.
In the process of their research, to ensure timing accuracy (server lag, and what the clock shows isn't 100% what the server is recording) the PhD students did even rented a server in the same location as ArrowOutlet.com and they sent the site requests to be able to sync their time with that of ArrowOutlet‘s.
Read the page on how robot bidding was detected on ArrowOutlet.com – In short, but really take a look at the page and histogram:
“The key to distinguishing robots from humans at ArrowOutlet.com, is looking at each user's Bid Histogram. A Bid Histogram is like a person's fingerprint. Each histogram should be unique. At ArrowOutlet.com, 3,000 users have the same Histogram. And, this common Histogram is actually impossible for a human to achieve using the webpage's Bid Now button or Bid-O-Matic.”
What exactly do their bid histograms show? The bid histograms outline that, “so many users bid when precisely an integer amount of actual seconds remain and never in between! For example, they bid when 4.00 actual seconds remain but never when 3.88, 4.25, or 4.9 actual seconds remain!! These histograms are impossible for a user to obtain using the clock and Bid Now button on ArrowOutlet's webpage (as explained above). Also, it is impossible for all these users to consistently bid when exactly zero actual seconds remain and never when 0.01, 0.25, or 0.66 seconds remain. Bidders 1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 9, 10, 13, 15, and 16 are robots. Bidders 2, 5, 8, 11, 12, and 14 are humans.”
Now take a look at these histograms:
“Since 100% of the bids from Bidders 1, 3, 4, 6, 7, 9, 10, 13, 15, and 16 are placed with exactly integer actual seconds remaining and 75% of their bids are placed with less than 5 seconds remaining (at integers 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4), this implies they are not using ArrowOutlet's only 2 methods to bid, the Bid-O-Matic or the Bid Now button. Also, amazingly, 25% of their bids reach ArrowOutlet's server when precisely 0.00 actual seconds remain. There are 3,000 bidders exhibiting this same strange and amazing behavior. These bidders are robots and not humans.”
See a pattern yet?
Based on the histograms being used to determine who is a robot and who is potentially a real human bidder the PhD students allege that in November, “94% of humans lost money overall totaling $131,840.26 and 6% of humans won money overall totaling $9,339.04” and December, “95% of humans lost money overall totaling $148,111.73 and 5% of humans won money overall totaling $8,541.65.”
In my opinion, what has been gone to great lengths to obtain and document, is an excellent example yet again confirming what many of us who have participated in and have followed the penny auction industry have found by other means on other penny auction sites, via talking to defunct site owners, observing and communicating with script developers, finding many false testimonials, and by becoming victims by firsthand experience – we know that there are some penny auctions that are scamming consumers.
Again, be sure to check out ArrowOutletInfo.com for more on these findings and documentation. They are inviting anyone with questions to e-mail them [arrowoutletinfo at gmail.com]. Also feel free to double-check their work.
So tell me, will anyone take notice now?
For more shameless penny auction shenanigans visit our
Join our forum and discuss this with us.
That's why online pharmacies is becoming more popular over the last years. Well-known are remedies which are used to reduce inflammation caused by inflammation of the skeletal muscle etc. There were only few examples. Did somebody tell you about canadian generic Viagra? Maybe you yet know about the question. Sexual dysfunction can be a result of a physical condition. Even when it has a physical why, psychological problems can make the disorder worse. Sex drive problems are so commonly a product of how you feel that there is something to that “headache” saying after all.
E-cigarette Users Discover An Easier Way To Stop Smoking!
Thu, Jul 24, 2014 13:23 CET
Interview with a VAPER! An e-cigarette user case study!
Allen Carr's Easyway To Stop Smoking Clinics have experienced an influx of e-cigarette users and former e-cigarette users (who ended up switching back to normal cigarettes) this summer..
There is now real evidence which confirms the findings of Allen Carr's Easyway To Stop Smoking Organisation's survey in March 2014 which indicated that 84% of e-cigarette users continue to smoke normal cigarettes or return to normal smoking entirely.
John Dicey, Worldwide Managing Director of Allen Carr's Easyway comments “As soon as the e-cigarette phenomenon hit the UK we immediately became aware that e-cigarette users were smoking normal cigarettes whenever they could and using e-cigarettes at times when they couldn't. We also discovered that many of the e-cigarette users who were attending our clinics understood that their intake of nicotine had actually dramatically increased since they started vaping. They found that they're vaping inside the home and other places where previously they'd have been forced to go outside to smoke a real cigarette – thus forcing them to cut down.”
It will be years before the negative health effect of using e-cigarettes (delivering high levels of poisonous nicotine) along with continued use of normal cigarettes is known.
Dicey continues “It really is a ‘back to the future' kind of situation. In the 1940s and 1950s doctors and health professionals would actually recommend that patients smoke and even endorse certain brands. It took Professor Sir Richard Doll decades to make the findings of his study in the 1950s linking smoking to lung cancer and other chronic diseases accepted - during which time generations of smokers became addicted and paid the ultimate price. Millions of lives were lost because of the speed (or lack of it) at which his findings were accepted.
Today, some really big hitters in the anti-tobacco and medical establishment are making a huge mistake by pushing smokers towards e-cigarette use thereby ensuring that they carry on smoking and vaping and therefore in many cases increasing their intake of nicotine. They seem entirely blind to the dangers of the phenomenon they've helped create. Aside from that - the biggest issue by far is the sudden re-normalisation of smoker/smoker-like behaviour which is already having a huge impact on youngsters picking up e-cigarettes and normal cigarettes.”
On 1st January 2014 Allen Carr's Easyway Organisation extended its famous worldwide money-back guarantee (for their stop smoking clinic programme) to include e-cigarettes.
Dicey confirms “The fabulous thing about the Easyway method is that it can work for any smoker – light, heavy, casual, or even someone uses e-cigarettes. It was a simple decision to include e-cigarettes in our money-back guarantee and incredibly reassuring for those people who feel they have fallen into an even deeper trap by using e-cigarettes as well as smoking normal cigarettes.”
CASE STUDY
Paul Palmer, 28, from Haverhill, Suffolk, UK is just one of many former e-cigarette users who stopped smoking and vaping using Allen Carr's Easyway To Stop Smoking method. He'd tried to stop smoking many, many times before without success until he finally quit in June 2014.
Paul says “Yes, I attempted to stop smoking with electric cigarettes, the disposable ones you can buy. They were OK but very strong and very expensive. I think I paid £4.50 for one cigarette, it was advertised as being the equivalent of 40 cigarettes however it lasted me less that 2 days and keeping in mind I only smoked maybe between 3-5 a day there was no way I was going to spend £4.50 every 2 days, it was cheaper to smoke!!! So I went back to smoking!!!
Further down the line I heard about the electric Shisha pens, they are actually quite good and relatively cheap to buy - around £15 - which included everything. They charge up and you can buy all different flavours of liquid nicotine to put in them. I have to say I did use one of these for a few months, but again it is not the same as smoking an actual cigarette. When I smoked normal cigarettes I'd ritually go downstairs out of my flat and stand outside. I used to use it as thinking time with all sorts of things running through my head. However with the e-cigarettes I would just sit on the sofa and puff on it every now and again. In the end it turned out I was using it A LOT MORE than I used to smoke. As a smoker I'd have to make the effort to go outside and smoke whereas the Shisha was too easy! So in the end, it kind of fizzled out, I couldn't be bothered to keep charging it up and slowly went back on to smoking the ‘real thing' – normal cigarettes.
After using Allen Carr's Easyway To Stop Smoking method I realised that using e-cigarettes was just keeping me addicted to nicotine – I was still hooked and controlled by the drug. Now that nicotine monster is dead and it feels wonderful! Allen Carr takes every excuse you can imagine for carrying on smoking and explains why it's fake or phoney. You end up with no reasons to smoke – it's that easy."
Smokers and vapers can access free Allen Carr's Easyway information films. They are not designed to help the individual stop smoking/vaping but include interesting and useful information to help when the smoker/vaper feels they do want to stop. Like a pre-quitting training course!
FREE Allen Carr's Easyway Films HERE http://goo.gl/lJpKYr
Number for publication 0800 389 2115
Press Office Cell/Mob 44 (0)7970 88 44 52
Press Office: media@allencarr.com
Allen Carr's Easyway organisation is most well known for its stop smoking clinics, books, DVDs, online webcast seminars, and apps.
The organisation also provides help with issues such as alcohol, weight control, drug use, gambling, and debt.
The method has helped millions of addicts escape from addiction.Allen Carr's Easyway has sold over 14,000,000 books worldwide.
Every year Allen Carr's Easyway Stop Smoking Clinics and online programmes cure over 50,000 smokers.
There are stop smoking seminars in more than 150 cities in over 50 countries worldwide.
Most of the clients attending Allen Carr's Easyway Clinics do so on the strength of the personal recommendation of friends, colleagues and members of their family who quit smoking using Allen Carr's Easyway Method.
Tags:
PSCustomObject s are a great tool to add into your Powershell toolbelt. Let's start with the basics and work our way into the more advanced features. The idea behind using a PSCustomObject is to have a very simple way to create structured data. Take a look at the first example and you will have a better idea of what that means.
Index
Creating a PSCustomObject
I love using [PSCustomObject] in Powershell. Creating a usable object has never been easier. Because of that, I am going to skip over all the other ways you can create an object but I do need to mention that most of this is Powershell v3.0 and newer.
$myObject = [PSCustomObject]@{ Name = 'Kevin' Language = 'Powershell' State = 'Texas' }
This works well for me because I use hashtables for just about everything. But there are times when I would like Powershell to treat hashtables more like an object and this does it. The first place you notice the difference is when you want to use Format-Table or Export-CSV and you realize that a hashtable is just a collection of key/value pairs.
You can then access and use the values like you would a normal object.
$myObject.Name
Converting a hashtable
While I am on the topic, did you know you could do this:
$myHashtable = @{ Name = 'Kevin' Language = 'Powershell' State = 'Texas' } $myObject = [pscustomobject]$myHashtable
I do prefer to create the object from the start but there are times you have to work with a hashtable first. This works because the constructor takes a hastable for the object properties. One important note is that while this works, it is not an exact equivelent. The bigest difference is that the order of the properties is not preserved.
Legacy approach
You may have seen people use New-Object to create custom objects.
$myHashtable = @{ Name = 'Kevin' Language = 'Powershell' State = 'Texas' } $myObject = New-Object -TypeName PSObject -Property $myHashtable
This way is quite a bit slower but it may be your best option on eary versions of PowerShell.
Saving to a file
I find the best way to save a hashtable to a file is to save it as JSON. You can import it back into a [PSCusomObject]
$myObject | ConvertTo-Json -depth 1- | Set-Content -Path $Path $myObject = Get-Content -Path $Path | ConvertFrom-Json
I cover more ways to save objects to a file in my article on The many ways to read and write to files.
Adding properties
You can still add new properties to your PSCustomObject with Add-Member .
$myObject | Add-Member -MemberType NoteProperty -Name `ID` -Value 'KevinMarquette' $myObject.ID
Remove properties
You can also remove properties off of an object.
$myObject.psobject.properties.remove('ID')
The psobject is a hidden property that gives you access to base object metadata.
Enumerating property names
Sometimes you need a list of all the property names on an object.
$myObject | Get-Member -MemberType NoteProperty | Select -ExpandProperty Name
We can get this same list off of the psobject property too.
$myobject.psobject.properties.name
Dynamically accessing properties
I already mentioned that you can access property values directly.
$myObject.Name
You can use a string for the property name and it will still work.
$myObject.'Name'
We can take this one more step and use a variable for the property name.
$property = 'Name' $myObject.$property
I know that looks strange, but it works.
Convert pscustomboject into a hashtable
To continue on from the last seciton, you can dynamically walk the properties and create a hashtable from them.
$hashtable = @{} foreach( $property in $myobject.psobject.properties.name ) { $hashtable[$property] = $myObject.$property }
Testing for properties
If you need to know if a property exists, you could just check for that property to have a value.
if( $null -ne $myObject.ID )
But if the value could be $null and you still need to check for it, you can check the psobject.properties for it.
if( $myobject.psobject.properties.match('ID') )
Adding object methods
If you need to add a script method to an object, you can do it with Add-Member and a ScriptBlock . You have to use the automatic variable reference the current object. Here is a scriptblock to turn a object into a hashtable. (same code form the last example)
$ScriptBlock = { $hashtable = @{} foreach( $property in $this.psobject.properties.name ) { $hashtable[$property] = $this.$property } return $hashtable }
Then we add it to our object as a script property.
$memberParam = @{ MemberType = "ScriptMethod" InputObject = $myobject Name = "ToHashtable" Value = $scriptBlock } Add-Member @memberParam
Then we can call our function like this:
$myObject.ToHashtable()
Objects vs Value types
Objects and value types don't handle variable assignments the same way. If you assign value types to each other, only the value get copied to the new variable.
$first = 1 $second = $first $second = 2
In this case, $first is 1 and $second is 2.
Object variables hold a reference to the actual object. When you assign one object to a new variable, they still reference the same object.
$third = [PSCustomObject]@{Key=3} $fourth = $third $fourth.Key = 4
Because $third and $fourth reference the same instance of an object, both $third.key and $fourth.Key are 4.
psobject.copy()
If you need a true copy of an object, you can clone it.
$third = [PSCustomObject]@{Key=3} $fourth = $third.psobject.copy() $fourth.Key = 4
Clone creates a shallow copy of the object. They have different instances now and $third.key is 3 and $fourth.Key is 4 in this example.
I call this a shallow copy because if you have nested objects. (where the properties contain other objects). Only the top level values are copied. The child objects will reference each other.
PSTypeName for custom object types
Now that we have an object, there are a few more things we can do with it that may not be nearly as obvious. First thing we need to do is give it a PSTypeName . This is the most common way I see people do it:
$myObject.PSObject.TypeNames.Insert(0,"My.Object")
I recently discovered another way to do this from this post by /u/markekraus. I did a little digging and more posts about the idea from Adam Bertram and Mike Shepard where they talk about this approach that allows you to define it inline.
$myObject = [PSCustomObject]@{ PSTypeName = 'My.Object' Name = 'Kevin' Language = 'Powershell' State = 'Texas' }
I love how nicely this just fits into the language. Now that we have an object with a proper type name, we can do some more things.
Using DefaultPropertySet (the long way)
Powershell decides for us what properties to display by default. A lot of the native commands have a .ps1xml formating file that does all the heavy lifting. From this post by Boe Prox, there is another way for us to do this on our custom object using just Powershell. We can give it a MemberSet for it to use.
$defaultDisplaySet = 'Name','Language' $defaultDisplayPropertySet = New-Object System.Management.Automation.PSPropertySet(‘DefaultDisplayPropertySet',[string[]]$defaultDisplaySet) $PSStandardMembers = [System.Management.Automation.PSMemberInfo[]]@($defaultDisplayPropertySet) $MyObject | Add-Member MemberSet PSStandardMembers $PSStandardMembers
Now when my object just falls to the shell, it will only show those properties by default.
This is really nice but I recently saw a better way when watching PowerShell unplugged 2016 with Jeffrey Snover & Don Jones. He was using Update-TypeData to specify the default properties.
$TypeData = @{ TypeName = 'My.Object' DefaultDisplayPropertySet = 'Name','Language' } Update-TypeData @TypeData
That is simple enough that I could almost remember it if I didn't have this post as a quick reference. Now I can easily create objects with lots of properties and still give it a nice clean view when looking at it from the shell. If I need to access or see those other properties, they are still there.
$myObject | Format-List *
Something else that I got out of that video was creating script properties for your objects. This would be a good time to point out that this works for existing objects too.
$TypeData = @{ TypeName = 'My.Object' MemberType = 'ScriptProperty' MemberName = 'UpperCaseName' Value = {$this.Name.toUpper()} } Update-TypeData @TypeData
You can do this before your object is created or after and it will still work. This is what makes this different then using Add-Member with a script property. When you use Add-Member the way I referenced earlier, it only exists on that specific instance of the object. This one applies to all objects with this TypeName .
Function parameters
You can now use these custom types for parameters in your functions and scripts. You can have one function create these custom objects and then pass them into other functions.
param( [PSTypeName('My.Object')]$Data )
Powershell will then require that the object be of the type you specified. It will throw a validation error if the type does not match automatically to save you the step of testing for it in your code. A great example of letting Powershell do what it does best.
Function OutputType
You can also define an OutputType for your advanced functions.
function Get-MyObject { [OutputType('My.Object')] [CmdletBinding()] param ( ...
The OutputType attribute value is only a documentation note. It is not derived from the function code or compared to the actual function output.
The main reason you would use an output type is so that meta information about your function reflects your intentions. Things like Get-Command , Get-Help and your development environment can take advantage of that. If you want more information then take a look at the help for it: about_Functions_OutputTypeAttribute
With that said, if you are utilizing Pester to unit test your functions then it would be a good idea to validate the output objects match your OutputType . This could catch variables that just fall to the pipe when they shouldn't.
Closing thoughts
The context of this was all about [PSCustomObject] , but a lot of this information applies to objects in general.
Share
Share Tweet
Tweet Print
When ISIS began rearing its head and taking broad swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria last year, there were obvious questions about where the group was likely to spread next. Libya was a clear natural vulnerability, given the ongoing chaos driven by inter-militia violence and the vacuum of leadership following the collapse of the Gadhafi regime. There was a perception, however, that the country's position on the coast of the Mediterranean and its proximity to Western Europe would limit ISIS's spread into the region. Most observers believed that spreading into Libya would be, in some ways, an invitation for Western intervention.
Not so, as we have seen in recent months. In fact, ISIS, or the Islamic State, now fully occupies the major port city of Derna along the Mediterranean coast. This puts their strongest foothold in Libya in dangerous proximity to Tobruk, where what remains of Libya's central government is based. News sources are reporting that while most of the population of Derna does not welcome governance by the Islamic State, the lack of a strong central government to fight the group leaves no clear opportunity for an ouster from the city.
The ISIS presence in Libya has emerged from various sources. There are an estimated 300 Islamic State fighters who have returned to Libya after fighting in Syria and Iraq. Others are Libyan members of other militant groups that are now swearing allegiance to ISIS. According to CNN, “amateur video from the end of October showed a large crowd of militants affiliated with the Shura Council for the Youth of Islam chanting their allegiance to ISIS leader Abu Bakr al Baghdadi. The new ISIS wing in Derna calls itself the “Barqa” provincial division of the Islamic State, the name given to the eastern region of Libya when Islamic rule replaced the Roman Empire.
Tobruk and Derna both lie along the Libyan Coastal Highway, constructed under the rule of Benito Mussolini in colonial Italian Libya. ISIS has already established footholds or has staged major attacks in other cities along this highway, including Benghazi, Sirte, Al Bayda, Al Khums, and the capital city of Tripoli. Libya's major oil export facilities—now famous for their many repeated disruptions—including Es Sider, Ras Lanuf, Zuetina, and Zawiya, lie along the same stretch of coast.
In addition to bombings, kidnappings, and occupations in these coastal cities, the Islamic State has made itself known in the oil producing regions. Libya's oil exports have been jumpy at best, but until recently, its disruptions in oil output have stemmed from political disagreements. Groups seized oil fields, ports, and infrastructure as a means to achieve financial concessions or other political gains. Now, thanks to ISIS attacks, Libya's already beleaguered oil industry has seen physical damage to rigs, pipelines, and storage facilities. Expect the situation to get worse before it gets better.
View our map below to see where ISIS attacks have taken place.
I have been quite amused to receive some – well actually rather a lot of – rather aggressive tweets and other social media messages from people who believe Julian Assange is dead, and are therefore outraged I had supper with him on Friday. This seems to me the ultimate in concern trolling – to pretend to adore someone so much that you are angry and upset to find the object of your adoration has not been killed or kidnapped. There are youtube videos alleging that Julian is dead which together have attracted millions of viewers. It is a peculiar kind of cargo-cult.
We now have the situation where people who had never heard of Julian a year ago are demanding that he must be visited not by long-term associates, like John Pilger and myself, but by a “trusted person”, by which these new devotees mean someone Julian has never seen before, probably working for Rupert Murdoch. Best of all are the demands for photos with a sock on the head or a newspaper. To pander to these silly demands would be a never-ending task, and merely spark a new round of craziness – “that sock on his head is photo-shopped”, “that was a double at the window”. It is not a game in which I have any interest. Undoubtedly some of it is stirred up by security services anxious to muddy the water about the authenticity of Wikileaks' work. But most of it is from decent and genuine but misguided people.
I have been visiting Julian since before Jane from Idaho heard of him, and the purpose of visiting him is not to provide comfort to Jane from Idaho. If my word does that, fine. If she does not want to take my word, also fine. But if people could at least research who John Pilger, Yanis Varoufakis and myself are before deciding we are a CIA plot, that would be helpful. Stopping the aggressive and insulting tweets would be nice too.
———————————————-
Liked this article? Please share using the links below. Then View The Latest Posts
Students who are crazy in love with Beyoncé will soon have a chance to study the superstar singer at the University of Victoria.
The university has green-lighted a music-department course, beginning in January and available to all students, that will use the mega-star soloist as a prism for studying popular music's cultural impact.
Edmonton-based Melissa Avdeeff, a self-described independent musicology researcher who has previously lectured at the University of Edinburgh and University of Alberta, is coming to British Columbia's capital to teach the course.
Story continues below advertisement
Ms. Avdeeff, who wrote a lot of her MA thesis at Hamilton's McMaster University on how women are represented in popular music with a focus on Beyoncé, says her course will be about more than listening to music and watching videos.
Ms. Avdeeff spoke with The Globe and Mail from her home in Edmonton.
Despite your academic credentials, your sincerity and intentions, some people may look on this as a bit of a joke. What's your response?
The arts, in general, do get criticized a lot. But personally, I don't see studying popular culture as any less academically or societally relevant than studying other forms of musicology like historical musicology or music theory. It's important to have these courses. They get people thinking more critically about how they are engaging with media. They create more of an active consumer as opposed to a passive consumer of media. I am hoping students will question what they're consuming and why they are consuming it and see the role it has in their everyday life.
What, in a nutshell, is your pitch to take this course?
It's aimed at students who probably listen to Beyoncé, fans, or people who just like pop music in general. It's kind of a way for people to think more critically about their listening and their watching habits because, obviously, Beyoncé is very visually focused with her videos. It's just a way to develop a framework to understand why and how we listen to popular music and its role in society and having to think more critically about that as opposed to being passive consumers.
Beyoncé is 32. She's been a solo star since about 2006. Is it too soon to have a Beyoncé course?
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
I don't think so. She has been a star since before 2006 in Destiny's Child. Their first single came out when they were 16, 19. I know there's a course in the States that does the sociology of Miley Cyrus and there's also the sociology of Lady Gaga at the University of South Carolina. I think it's encouraging there are universities willing to take a chance and look at more popular music artists.
How did you develop this course?
I was interested in bringing more popular music studies to the west of Canada, which is where I'm from. I approached a lot of universities in B.C. but none seemed too interested until UVic came along because they wanted to expand their pop music and technology courses, my area of expertise. We considered a number of different artists. We settled on Beyoncé as someone I thought would bring in lots of different areas of pop-music studies.
Which other artists did you look at?
I considered Lady Gaga because she seemed like the obvious choice. Even someone like Justin Bieber because he's Canadian and we're at a Canadian university.
How do you create a course along these lines?
Story continues below advertisement
I can't say for sure the course has been entirely created yet. Aspects of it will probably change from week to week. Recently, we have just upped the enrolment cap from 70 students to 100 so I have to bring this into account, too – of how that's going to affect assignments and papers and whatnot.
I understand there's another Beyoncé course at Rutgers University. Did you learn anything from that course?
I don't really know too much about it, but it's probably something I'll look into more to see what theoretical standpoints they have used and what they have done.
Have you ever had the opportunity to speak to Beyoncé?
Once art is out in the public, it becomes up to us to interpret it. I am not sure talking to her would make or break anything. It would just be another opinion or facet in the puzzle.
How would one fail a course on Beyoncé?
Story continues below advertisement
By not critically engaging. If people just think it's about listening to Beyoncé and saying, 'Oh. She's great,' they're probably not going to get too far.
This interview has been edited and condensed.
Emerging St Kilda key forward Paddy McCartin will return this weekend against Sydney at Etihad Stadium after being named for his first senior game since Round 15 on Thursday night.
The 2014 No. 1 pick beat down the selection door following a dominant display for Sandringham last Saturday. He booted five goals against North Ballarat, helping lead the Zebras to a 53-point win.
Tough inside midfielder Luke Dunstan is the only out after he dislocated his left shoulder in St Kilda's win over Carlton last weekend. The South Australian will miss the remainder of the season, while defensive forward Nathan Wright has been cleared to play after proving his fitness at Thursday's main training session.
McCartin, 20, missed three weeks after suffering his third concussion of the year against Gold Coast at Metricon Stadium at the start of July. He has since played two games in the VFL and returns to bolster a dangerous forward line comprising young, in-form talls Tim Membrey and Josh Bruce.
The pair feasted on a dominant day at the MCG last Sunday, enjoying some silver service that saw a season-high 27 marks taken inside 50 against the Blues. Bruce hauled in seven marks inside the arc and kicked four goals, while Membrey took six marks inside 50 and finished with five majors.
With Sydney averaging the least points against of any team in the AFL (66.6-points), the Saints will need to make the most of their opportunities this weekend.
St Kilda has lost seven of their last eight encounters with the Sydney Swans, and despite winning eight of their previous ten games at Etihad Stadium, the venue holds no fear for John Longmire's side given they are on a nine game winning streak at Docklands.
For the Saints, Saturday night is a mini-final, especially if North Melbourne loses to Hawthorn earlier in the day. Alan Richardson's men can keep their slim finals chances alive if they end their losing run against the Swans.
If the Kangaroos lose, St Kilda has the opportunity to move within four points of the top-eight by 10:30pm on Saturday night. Safe to say there will be a lot at stake inside Etihad Stadium.
Sydney has won four of their last five games, only falling to reigning premiers Hawthorn in the dying seconds of Round17. The Swans sit a game off the top placed Hawks in second position, although they do have a superior percentage.
Brownlow medal fancies Luke Parker (39 possessions and 11 clearances) and Dan Hannebery (36 possessions and eight inside 50s) were dominant against Port Adelaide last weekend, and they were well supported by Josh Kennedy (30 possessions and 11 clearances) and Tom Mitchell (32 possessions and seven tackles). The Swans bat extremely deep in the midfield, perhaps the deepest in the game.
St Kilda will require another even spread of contribution this weekend, particularly in the midfield. Jade Gresham and Jack Newnes both amassed big numbers against the Blues, producing arguably their finest performances at AFL level.
Rebounding defender Dylan Roberton was another who produced a standout effort at the MCG last Sunday. This weekend, the former Docker reaches the 100-game milestone after playing 62 games in red, white and black since crossing to the Saints at the end of 2012.
Click here for all your Pride Game information – including merchandise and tickets – and be part of history in the making.
A terror suspect arrested in Spain was plotting a stabbing murder spree in Majorca similar to the one carried out in London's Borough Market, a Spanish judge said.
Moroccan Abdelkader Mahmoudi was allegedly stopped from a plot to massacre members of the public in the central square in Inca, Majorca's third-largest town.
He is one of the four terror suspects said to have been radicalised by British-based cleric Tarik Chadlioui on the holiday island, authorities believe.
A Spanish judge said the arrest stopped a plot to knife people to death in the same way that terrorists butchered people in London on June 3. Inca is popular with tourists who flock to its leather factories and a weekly market.
A terror suspect arrested in Spain was plotting a stabbing murder spree in Majorca mirroring the London Borough Market carnage, a Spanish judge said. In comes days after terror raids on the island (pictured)
Moroccan Abdelkader Mahmoudi was allegedly stopped from a plot to massacre members of the public in the central square in Inca, Majorca's third-largest town. Police are pictured carrying out terror raids in Majorca on Wednesday
The four men sent to prison after appearing at Madrid's Audiencia Nacional court today were arrested in simultaneous dawn raids at four properties across Majorca and taken to the Spanish capital by helicopter. Pictures show a raid in Inca, Majorca on Wednesday
Madrid-based Santiago Pedraz, who remanded Mahmoudi and three other men in prison after questioning, said: 'Abdelkader Mahmoudi had revealed his intention to become a martyr and had allegedly planned violent acts like a massacre in the square in Inca where the town hall is, stabbing passers-by.'
No more details about the planned attack were given by the judge in his four-page ruling on why he was sending the men, arrested in Majorca on Wednesday, to prison.
He also described them as suspected members of a group created by Chadlioui, 44, 'to lend support to terror organisation ISIS through the elaboration of propaganda and the indoctrination of new members.'
The imam, who preached at the mosque attended by one of the gunmen who took part in the massacre of 89 people at Paris's Bataclan theatre in November 2015, was held at his home in Birmingham on Wednesday.
No more details about the planned attack were given by the judge in his four-page ruling on why he was sending the men, arrested in Majorca on Wednesday, to prison. Pictures show police in Spain making terror arrests on Wednesday
A Spanish judge said the plot would have seen people stabbed to death in the same way that terrorists butchered people at Borough Market in London (pictured) on June 3
Moroccan Abdelkader Mahmoudi is one of the four terror suspects said to have been radicalised by British-based cleric Tarik Chadlioui (pictured) on the holiday island, authorities believe
He is currently fighting extradition to Spain.
The four men sent to prison after appearing at Madrid's Audiencia Nacional court today were arrested in simultaneous dawn raids at four properties across Majorca and taken to the Spanish capital by helicopter. A sixth man was held in Germany.
Spanish police said in a statement after the operation, referring to ISIS as Daesh: 'The investigation began in 2015 when a series of videos were discovered on a website which showed the process of indoctrination, recruitment and subsequent journey to Syria of a young Muslim living in Spain.
'The film promoter was identified as a Salafist imam, who is now under arrest in the UK and being investigated by several European countries.
'This person had travelled to Majorca and began to dynamise the group which has now been arrested, exercising functions ranging from recruiting, indoctrination and radicalisation in favour of Daesh, and becoming from that point on their spiritual leader.
'The Salafist preacher, whose public persona was very well known by European police forces and intelligence services, devoted himself in private to recruiting people to fight in Syria and collect money for the region.
'However the security measures he adopted and his constant changes of address made his detention difficult.'
The cleric was later identified as Belgian passport holder Chadlioui when he appeared before Westminster magistrates after his arrest.
The father-of-eight, who was remanded in custody, claimed through a lawyer extradition would breach his human rights.
Hundreds of migrant workers who have had documents seized by employers are being held for months in deportation centre
The "widespread" practice of confiscating low-income workers' passports in Qatar have left hundreds languishing for up to a year in the Gulf state's deportation centre, the Guardian has learned.
Amnesty International has uncovered evidence linking the Qatari government to the practice. Some employers gave domestic workers' passports to authorities at the interior ministry if workers absconded, the human rights group discovered. "This practice suggests that the government may implicitly accept the principle that domestic workers do not hold their own passports," says an Amnesty report, "My Sleep Is My Break": Exploitation of Migrant Domestic Workers in Qatar, published on Wednesday.
All of the dozens of domestic workers the Guardian met in Qatar during an investigation in January had been forced to hand over their passports to employers. François Crépeau, the UN special rapporteur on the human rights of migrants, met just one worker who had managed to retain his passport when he visited the Gulf state in November.
The man was in the overcrowded deportation centre in which more than 1,300 people were detained. Visitors to the female quarters of the building on the outskirts of the capital, Doha, have described seeing babies and up to three women sleeping on a single mattress.
"[In] the wards we visited, there were simply too many people for the space there was," said Crépeau, who will present a report on his Qatar findings to the UN in June.
The use of mobile phones is forbidden in the deportation centre and officials told Crépeau this was for security reasons. There is telephone access, but detainees complained the lines did not work; others said they did not have the money to buy phone cards.
James Lynch, Amnesty's researcher on migrants' rights in the Gulf, said there were problems with phone lines in and out of the centre when the organisation visited the 1,600 detainees in March 2013.
"Many of the men and women we spoke to were also very unclear about why they were being held and what steps needed to be taken for them to leave the centre," Lynch said. "Not being allowed to have mobile phones clearly exacerbated this problem as it made it much more difficult for them to contact family, lawyers, embassies or friends in order to resolve their situation."
There are no official figures on Qatar's deportation centre, but up to 95% of the 400 women held there when Lynch visited were domestic workers.
"Men and women can sit detained in this jail for months, and some for over a year," a witness told the International Trade Union Confederation (ITUC) in its report, The Case Against Qatar, released in March. "There is so little room that women are sleeping in the hallway on mattresses, or mattresses are put under the beds to accommodate more human bodies. The vast majority of these men and women are not criminals. They are victims of a sponsorship system that is not only abusive but is modern day slavery."
More than 2,500 Indonesian maids a year have fled from abusive sponsors, according to the ITUC. Some women have fled abusive employers who have beaten or sexually assaulted them, only to be stranded in the centre because they do not have their passports or the correct paperwork.
According to Amnesty, the domestic workers it met in the deportation centre were being held there for breaching the terms of the sponsorship. Lynch said deportation orders were received for working for someone other than their appointed sponsor, overstaying their visa, or for leaving their sponsor without permission.
A study by the Journal of Arabian Studies in June 2013 found that 90% of low-income workers surveyed in Qatar did not hold their passports.
In January several recruitment agencies contacted by phone told a Guardian reporter posing as a would-be client that they routinely withheld the passports of migrant workers. "We keep them of course, this is the normal thing in this country," a representative of one agency said. "All companies keep all the employees passports."
Amnesty and the ITUC are pushing for Qatar to end the kafala sponsorship system and give domestic workers legal protection for basic human rights.
I thought this was funny:
The sculptor of Wall Street's “Charging Bull” statue on Wednesday demanded the removal of the “Fearless Girl” statue that's faced off against the bull since last month. Arturo Di Modica said his 11-foot-tall bull is supposed to represent “freedom in the world, peace, strength, power and love” but “Fearless Girl” has turned his work's message into something negative.
I actually think the artistic message is perfect. Freedom, peace, strength, power, and love are an unstoppable force. They face a powerless girl who opposes all of them, and is too stupid to realize she is about to be trampled under foot mercilessly. The imbecile feminists who gather around, fawning over the work, only make it better. It is a living work of art portraying modern rabbitry.
If they want to be bipartisan though I think I should be allowed to sculpt an Islamic warrior holding a broadsword that is dripping with blood. Then I can put that statue next to the fearless girl statue, after I saw fearless girl's head off and lay it on the ground in front of it. Around it I would put two or three more jihadis, holding AK's in the air and firing them off, maybe with a couple of kidnapped sex slaves with ropes around their necks on their knees in the background.
I think it would be great. Fearless girl stood up to the status quo in the first world, and ended up dead as her brethren were enslaved and raped, because she was an idiot – and because the status quo she opposed was goodness.
And after she was killed, that goodness she opposed would still be poised to trample the fuck out of everything that was left.
Spread r/K Theory, because there is no stopping goodness
AcroYoga is an integration of yoga, acrobatics and healing arts. Sometimes it looks like partner yoga, sometimes it looks like a therapeutic/restorative practice for both people. And other times it's a very acrobatic flow. Remember, yoga has many elements to it, it's not sure asana (poses/postures) that we explore but also meditation and pranamaya (breath control).
Why do AcroYoga?
AcroYoga teaches us about how to connect with each other through communication and trust. The connection is not just intimate, but exactly a mirror. If you feel nervous, tense or uneasy, the other person will feel the same exact thing. The connection is very raw and in your face. It forces you to coordinate and understand what to activate and what not to activate. It's about giving just the right amount of effort in certain ways and the right amount of relaxation… letting go in other ways. If you expend too much energy, it backfires.
Can I Learn AcroYoga Online?
Yes and no. I say that because there are lots of minute details to learn and since everybody comes from a different background, personal instruction is unparalleled. Ask your local yoga studios and teachers for leads on acro-yoga classes in your area and that will open up a rabbit hole.
However, there are are a few, very well made acro yoga videos for beginners that are genuinely REALLY GOOD! So I wanted to share them…
Here is Yogabatics 10-part Instructional Video Series
First, we'll start with this playlist of Yogabatics 10-part (TEN!) instructional video series. This entire series was made extremely professionally. The instruction is top notch, the cinematography is very functional and it's been holistically planned out from the first video until the last.
Boris and Nina's Therapeutic Forward Flying and more…
Next, this is a playlist of a very talented couple that also happen to be very beautiful inside and out: Boris and Nina. The first two videos about “Forward Flying” are extremely therapeutic both just to watch and to experience. Note how relaxing the first video is. The woman is basing the man and they are both relaxing. This is a beautiful thing, because flyers tend to be women and men tend to be bases. But this video shows that it doesn't have to be that way. At least that's what I got out of it. The rest of the videos are very powerful in their own right as well.
Boris and Nina's Calibration exercises…
In this next video below, Boris and Nina, very enthusiastically and theatrically show us these four exercises that they call “calibration exercises.” They are very, very, very good for strengthening your body and confidence, for both flyer and base. You're going to have to pause and rewind the video back many times if you're going to be practicing with them. 🙂
Oh and, they also have a spanish version here. How amazing are they?
To support these people in these videos here, you should like AcroBhakti's and Yogabatics Facebook pages.
I hope that one day, I too, will make acro-yoga videos for super duper beginners based on my own personal hurdles because I am a super-duper-noob and this is all very challenging for me.
Update 3 years later:
As a base, I had learned many of the basic moves from above including:
Bird
Entering Bird with No-Hands
Straddle Throne (Bird to Straddle Throne and back)
Folded leaf (therapeutics)
Back fly -> Back fly to Straddle Bat -> Straddle Bat to Floating Paschi
High Flying Whale
I was somewhat stuck at this level for a long time. I had learned many other random moves (like foot to hand and hand to hand moves as well) in workshops but none of them ever stuck with me permanently. Recently, I got back into acro-yoga (Thanks to a new partner I'm with) and we went through the rounds of the moves listed above and it wasn't until we went to an acro-jam on a Sunday in the park where we had a breakthrough to learn a bunch of new moves.
I've been wanting to level-up for a long time and one of the guys there (John) helped us learn a bunch a few notable moves such as:
Side Star (This is really hard, honestly, quite complex, required a ton of practice over many sessions)
Side Star to Straddle Bat to eventually learn Tic Tocs. (My dream move! So much fun for the flyer!!!)
Candlestick (shoulderstand variation, hands to flyers shoulders) Bird to Candlestick
Star (shoulderstand variation, feet to flyers shoulders) One super helpful thing here was before the flyer kicks up, I reach my hands to the back of the flyers shoulders and push them onto my feet.
And best of all, the wiggle jiggles for base maintenance.
The Candlestick was probably the easiest one to go to from that list. Star was also easy but required a spotter to help establish that it was in fact easy, because of the lean required of the hips to counterbalance was kind of counter-intuitive.
Let me first be clear about what you should not imagine these flea markets to be. No they are not the garage or lawn sales you might know from back home, neither are they the classical markets which fill up your local market square each week. What they are is a mix of those with a touch of Japanese flair encompassing stalls of professional antique shops, locals selling some of their old belongings, countless food stalls and the occasional stall with fun and games making Kyoto flea markets an excellent morning or afternoon activity.
You can pretty much find anything at the flea markets, so it helps if you have an idea of what you would like to bring back home that won't disappear in the back of the closet after a few weeks. A kimono is a perfect example of something people buy because it is quite cheap but have no idea what to do with it back home. If you really like the fabrics and designs of a kimono, think about getting an obi, the kimono's sash, instead since it can easily be displayed in your living room. Arts and crafts, such as pottery, paintings and wind chimes, are perfect examples of simple inexpensive souvenirs with a lot of charm to bring back as gifts for friends and family. Antiques on the other hand or more tricky as they tend to be quite large and some, such as weaponry, need to go through an extensive bureaucratic process of forms and signatures before they may leave Japan and be brought into your home country. Nonetheless, everyone can find something of their liking ad snatch up some nice bargains!
Bargain-hunting is work though and after a while you will get hungry. Luckily, the flea markets have countless food stalls offering both snacks and small meals, such as okonomiyaki (a mixed-ingredient savory pancake) or takoyaki (Osaka's most popular snack made with octopus).
While some prices are negotiable, the room for negotiation is quite limited. Residents selling belongings on behalf of their (grand)parents will of course be more open to negotiate on their asking price in comparison to professional antique shops who come to the flea markets every month and know they will be able to sell their goods anyway. Knowing who you are talking to is therefore key, along with showing respect and closing a fair deal for both of you. Although this all might seem very straightforward, I myself have seen plenty of foreigners making low-ball offers and eventually leaving with nothing concluding it as a “bad experience”, so please be aware of these little things and be the one to say you found something amazing to show to your friends and family back home.
This package is a superb deal for independent travellers who need accommodation and transport, but can find activities on their own. It includes round-trip tickets for – click here for details Suggested Activity
When, where and how to get there?
The two largest and most popular flea markets are the ones at To-ji located south-west of Kyoto Station on the 21st of each month and Kitano Tenman-gu located between Kinkaku-ji and Nijo Castle on the 25th. Toji is easily walkable from the station while Kitano Tenman-gu is conveniently accessed with city buses 50, 101 and 203.
If you are a handicraft enthusiast, you will surely have to bring an extra bag or two for the market at Chion-ji Hyakumanben on the 15th offering a wide variety of arts and crafts. The temple is near Kyoto University and city buses 17 and 206 will take you there, ready for you to shop till you drop. Another market the enthusiast might want to look into is at Kamigamo Shrine on the 22d located in the north of Kyoto where city buses 4, 46 and 67 frequently stop.
The opening hours differ for each flea market as To-ji and Kitano Tenman-gu open at 07:00; Chion-ji at 08:00 and Kamigamo at 09:00. Most markets close around 16:00, but during autumn and winter sellers will tend to wrap up earlier, while when the days get longer and warmer they might stick around a little bit longer.
Get the best Japan Cheapo hacks direct to your inbox
In politics, the theory of "six degrees of separation" is often used to link candidates with unfavorable companies, donors, or other elected officials. The world of Washington is a small one, and many times this intricately spun web, as critical as it is furthering an agenda, can also damage its maker. Much of the time the silky threads remain unseen, until someone comes along and shines light behind them, making the connections visible to all.
Late last week, ABC News obtained an event invitation sent out by Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton's presidential-nomination campaign that asked its recipients to join "Rural Americans for Hillary" for lunch and a briefing by members of Congress and senior campaign staff. The meeting will be held not in a small town in the Hawkeye State or Ohio or Kansas but in Washington, D.C. - a strange place to discuss issues affecting rural voters. Beyond strange is awkward, a word that could be used to describe the specific address for the event - the offices of Troutman Sanders, a lobbying firm. More specifically, the lobbying firm heavily relied upon by agribusiness giant Monsanto. Monsanto leads the industry in genetic livestock breeding and Superfund violations, and it will likely see a ban this week on one of its seed types in France because of health concerns. Monsanto was promised more than $680,000 in tax breaks Monday night, courtesy of the town of Ankeny, Iowa, just for promising to bring new jobs to the area. We're guessing this isn't the photo op Rodham Clinton wants for leaflets in Iowa, exchanging ideas over coffee and sandwiches with suits rather than John Deere hats. Maybe that's why Rodham Clinton herself won't be at the event, a wise choice considering how it might look.
Rather than defend the choice to the ABC journalist, Rodham Clinton spokesman Phil Singer pointed out that Fortress Investments, the hedge fund John Edwards used to work for, has invested in Monsanto and did so while employing Edwards. Singer also said the manager for Edwards' vice-presidential campaign in 2004, Peter Scher, is the managing partner for fellow Monsanto lobbying firm Mayer Brown. Singer continued, "In 2004, Edwards said, 'If you are looking for the candidate who will do the best job of attacking the other Democrats, I am not your guy.' But he's become that guy now that his 2008 campaign has stalled."
For the Rodham Clinton machine to completely ignore the question at hand and deflect attention from the "Rural Americans" event is suspect, but to do so by attacking another campaign on similar lobbying links is bizarre and more than slightly hypocritical. Edwards' associations aren't being denied, but they aren't what's being questioned, either. The Rodham Clinton campaign is the only operation of the three Democratic front-runners to take money from lobbyists, and for its success' sake, should keep such contact to a minimum. Meeting with lobbying interests in Washington under the pretense of taking interest in rural issues is a good way to offend Iowans, not gain their votes.
Illinois state Rep. Thomas Morrison ( R-Palatine ) filed legislation Jan. 20 that explicitly requires school pupils to use restrooms and changing facilities that correspond with their sex assigned at birth.
The bill, HB 4474, amends the School Code to require that facilities designate their facilities by sex, and mandates that students can only use the facilities of the sex that they were assigned at birth. It also puts into place a procedure wherein students can request use of single-occupancy facilities, or access to faculty bathrooms or changing rooms, if they do not wish to use their designated facilities.
The legislation effectively regulates how trans students can use bathrooms or locker rooms in their school. It follows a controversy in Morrison's district during a protracted legal battle between a transgender student and Township High School District 211. After a long dispute, and a determination of discrimination by federal regulators, the district allowed the student, a transgender girl, access to a private portion of the girl's locker room.
In December, Morrison wrote on his website that, "Over the last few weeks I have met with hundreds of people who are concerned about privacy issues for all public school students. I am in the process of finalizing legislation that creates a statewide standard that is both objective and fair so that every school district in Illinois can be confident in setting policy that respects the privacy of all students."
Restroom access for transgender individuals has arisen as a legislative issue in many states, including Indiana, Florida, Kentucky and Wisconsin, in recent years. Morrison's bill would next be sent to a House committee.
See www.ilga.gov/legislation/BillStatus.asp .
Title: Cry, Baby, Cry
Rating: PG-13.
Fandom: Sherlock Holmes (2009)
Chapter: 1/1
Pairings: Watson/Holmes
Warnings: Angst (a la depression/despondency), infantilism.
Category: Angst, Hurt/Comfort
Summary: Out of necessity, Holmes and Watson have formed a routine that Watson knows exactly when to implement.
Disclaimer: No gain of any kind is made on this story; just havin' fun.
Word Count: 1396
Man is a fragile creature.
This is something Holmes reminds me of when he arrives home in a melancholy state of mind and immediately presents himself to me. He will stand with his stare downcast, leaving scarcely a breadth between our bodies.
I know, at these times, that he is ready to crumble inside, and I cannot help but wrap my arms around him. He counts on me to; he may go ahead and crumble if I fail to give him that much.
When Sherlock Holmes, brilliant and vibrant person that he is, runs out of steam... When the grown man in him can no longer deal with the world the way it is, that is when the boy emerges. Beyond the man he's become, Holmes is also a lost, frightened child. He comes to me not only for solace, but for my control. Down to the tiny, everyday mundanities, he requires direction; when Holmes relinquishes his vices and responsibilities, his surrender is absolute.
For his sake more than mine, I do not ask him to explain what happened to trigger the reversion this time. Instead, I shift my weight slowly to rock him back and forth in my embrace. I coo to him nonsensical phrases meant to calm him as much as they are meant as permit for him to release what inner chaos torments him. Wet, salty chaos I can feel land in tiny drops upon the shoulder of my weskit.
Sometimes, as he cries and whimpers against me, I thank the heavens that he allows himself to be overcome. The drugged ignorance of his basic psyche was slowly killing him, in more ways than one. What he does now, despite appearances, is a healthier route than the needle.
Sometimes, a tear or two of my own mingle with his.
Holmes' body is tense, his skin fevered with stress. His muffled keens are like those of a madman at first, but his eyes lay tell of a true pain in his soul. Once he begins to quiet, once he has to sniffle to breathe, I stop rubbing his back and I draw away just enough to take him by the arm. He needs me to stay close, but he also needs more than a solid hug. He shuffles alongside me, gratefully allowing me to steer him into the bedroom.
It has taken time, but I have learned to see what he needs without being told. I find it remarkable now that I was ever so blind as I was to the depth of what Holmes hid from when he used to go so far as to sedate himself; it horrifies me now. I used to be upset with him - I thought it most irresponsible behaviour.
I was right.
All responsibility is mine for undressing him once he lies on the bed. Holmes somehow conveys his gratitude as he looks up at me, though he looks the saddest he ever could. He responds brainlessly to my cues as I coax him to roll onto his side, to sit up, to straighten his legs. Eventually, he is naked on the blankets. I spot fresh goosepimples on his arms and rub warmth into him from my hands. Instinctually, he slumps forward and makes himself small against my chest. I envelop him as best I can and encourage him to let the tears out.
He is past crying, though, and moves to bite his thumb. A physical pain to distract from the anguish is what he seeks to create, but I cannot allow it. I bend down, rub my thumb at the corner of his mouth, and pull his hand away with mine. Holmes' thumb is wet and holds indents shaped like teeth. I give him a disappointed - but not scolding - look, and I take something from the bedside drawer.
I hold his head and give him a firm kiss. Holmes tries to lose himself in it, sucking and biting at my bottom lip. There is too much mental uproar and he is confused; he would throw himself just as easily into sex to escape his qualms.
I break away. With my other hand, I slip a rubber dummy nipple into his mouth.
Embarrassed and calmed at the same time, Holmes accepts it and begins to suck. His body stills, he lets go of my shirt and allows me to step away long enough that I can assemble the supplies I require. He watches silently while I arrange his nightshirt and other things beside him on the bed.
A thick, quilted cloth goes in the middle of the bed. Holmes darts a glance at me from beneath wet eyelashes and scoots himself over the cloth. In the quiet room, between his waning sniffles, I can hear Holmes' throat work as he transmits his frustrations to the pacifier.
I climb on the bed with Holmes, press another kiss to his forehead, and ease him back so he lies down. He draws up his knees, without being prompted, to make room for me to powder his bottom and pin the diaper around him. I do, and once it is on I give Holmes a squeeze in the front; he deserves a small reward for being this cooperative, and it never hurts to bolster his self-esteem when he is in these moods. I smile down at him with what I hope he knows is love.
Holmes squirms his hips and manages a shy smile back around his pacifier, which is more than enough to tell me we're on the right track.
Soon, I have him swaddled in his oversized nightshirt and tucked snugly beneath the duvet. I set him up with a small, wooden toy to keep his mind occupied while I procure hot tea from Missus Hudson, downstairs.
The cup I pour for Holmes is almost half milk, turning the tea creamy. Sitting next to him, reclined on a small mountain of pillows, I pull out his pacifier gently and hold the soothing drink in front of Holmes to see if he will take it and feed himself. He is not always of a mind to; when he is like this, he still has times where he is more reliant on me than others.
He takes it, but is clumsy with the cup thanks to a level of emotional numbness he feels now that the initial wave is over; it is strong enough to become chill, real numbness that seeps into his slender fingers. He fumbles with the cup on his first sip. I anticipate him losing his grip and I take the tea from him just before it can fall.
"I'm sorry," he whispers. His eyes are red and puffy.
He should know, by this point, that he needs not apologise. But his shortcomings, however insignificant, upset him especially in this sensitive state. He seems to feel he must make recompense in some way, even in mere words. I flinch at hearing it.
"Hush," I tell him softly, "you did nothing wrong. Here, open up and drink."
Holmes opens his mouth obediently. His gaze does not leave mine as I lean in and tilt the cup to his lips.
I brush the backs of my fingers up and down his cheek while he sips, and I encourage him, "There's a good boy."
A nerve is struck with that, and Holmes' tears begin afresh. He looks down, focuses on the cup as I feed him.
"You are my darling boy, my dear," I tell him. "You are such a good boy, Holmes." I am well aware that I stoke whatever it is that makes him weep, but I also know it is something he needs to hear.
Whatever makes him doubt it, I do not know, but I repeat it to him after the tea is gone and he is curled up in bed with me at his back.
"Good boy. Good boy," I whisper.
I press close to him and inhale. He makes a sleepy hum when I reach between the sheets and start to rub circles on his warm belly. Holmes is exhausted after a good cry, and I am confident he will sleep a decent portion of the night through once he drifts off.
In the morning he will be of slightly better cheer, but he will still be my precious baby boy.
~fin~
January 11, 2017
Adam Marletta asks what's really behind the insistence from liberals and the media that Russia was behind the leaking of Democratic Party e-mails.
COUNT ME among those skeptical of the claims that Russia covertly influenced the 2016 U.S. presidential election in order to throw it to Donald Trump. These allegations have been reported by the news media for weeks now, despite the lack of any concrete evidence, only leaks from anonymous sources.
The specific allegations from the CIA accuse Russia of leaking hacked e-mails from the Democratic National Committee (DNC) back in July. These e-mails--which revealed damning correspondences between key Democratic Party operatives, including then-DNC chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, deriding Bernie Sanders' insurgent primary campaign against Hillary Clinton--were subsequently published by WikiLeaks.
The e-mails highlighted the secretive, underhanded, behind-the-scenes dealings between DNC officials and the Clinton campaign, and fueled the public perception that the Democratic primary contest had been rigged against Sanders from the start. The scandal eventually led to Wasserman Schultz's resignation as DNC chairperson.
Keep in mind that these CIA allegations, originally reported in the Washington Post on December 9, are coming from the same secretive government agency which falsely claimed Iraq possessed "weapons of mass destruction," as a major justification for launching the illegal and unwarranted Iraq War in 2003.
Readers do not need me to remind them how well that turned out...
WRITING AT the Intercept , investigative journalist Glenn Greenwald attests to the CIA's overall lack of credibility and extensive history of spreading false propaganda to shape both foreign and domestic policy. "To begin with," Greenwald writes, "CIA officials are professional, systematic liars; they lie constantly, by design, and with great skill, and have for many decades, as have intelligence officials in other agencies."
He added: "Even in those cases when they [CIA officials] are not deliberately lying, they are often gravely mistaken. Intelligence is not a science, and attributing hacks to specific sources is a particularly difficult task, almost impossible to carry out with precision and certainty."
Readers' Views SocialistWorker.org welcomes our readers' contributions to discussion and debate about articles we've published and questions facing the left. Opinions expressed in these contributions don't necessarily reflect those of SW.
But the major problem with the CIA's allegations is the complete lack of substantive evidence provided. All of the CIA's claims come from anonymous sources, classified accounts and secret assessments.
Indeed, buried within the Washington Post's story is an acknowledgement that there are "minor disagreements among intelligence officials about the agency's assessment." This prompts Greenwald to ask, "How 'minor' are they?":
This is why it's such a shoddy and unreliable practice to conduct critical debates through conflicting anonymous leaks. Newspapers like the Post have the obvious incentive to hype the flashy, flamboyant claims while downplaying and burying the caveats and conflicting evidence. None of these questions can be asked, let alone answered, because the people who are making these claims are hidden and the evidence is concealed.
Given the complete lack of tangible evidence in this "scandal," the accusations of Russian hacking come off as yet another desperate, pathetic attempt by the Democratic Party to blame anyone and everyone for its electoral loss--anyone, that is, except for...you know, the party itself. The Democrats are basically flailing around searching for anyone--anyone!--to use as a scapegoat for their epic failure. This is what the Democrats do after every major loss.
After George W. Bush stole the 2000 election, the Democrats viciously smeared Ralph Nader as a "spoiler," who "cost Al Gore the election," as if Gore was simply entitled to win it. Nearly two decades later, that baseless smear on Nader--who has done more to combat corporate power and protect American citizens than anyone in the Democratic Party--still remains.
The Democrats' refusal to look in the mirror and understand why they lost the 2016 presidential election--a race that should have been eminently winnable--should speak volumes to leftists who continue to invest precious time, energy and resources into "reclaiming" or "taking over" the Democratic Party.
The sad truth is that the misleadingly named "Democratic" Party will never be a vehicle for working-class people. The sooner the left can understand this and focus on the imperative work of building our own political party, the better.
None of this is to dismiss the possibility that Russia influenced the election entirely. It is certainly possible and, if true, would represent a significant breach of international law.
But as Sam Biddle, another Intercept contributor, points out, the potential U.S. response to Russia could include military retaliation--"digital or otherwise." That is a considerably heavy cost for the country to bear over such dubious allegations. The last thing America needs right now is another major war--with serious international repercussions--based on fabricated intelligence.
"If you care about the country enough to be angry at the prospect of election-meddling," Biddle writes, "you should be terrified of the prospect of military tensions with Russia based on hidden evidence."
FINALLY, IT is worth noting the two-fold irony of this entire fiasco.
For starters, this sudden concern over the "integrity" of U.S. elections is laughable. The unfortunate truth is elections in this country are already suspect. Between onerous voter identification laws (which amount to a modern day form of Jim Crow), gerrymandered redistricting, unreliable voting machines, absurd voter-registration deadlines, the disenfranchisement of prisoners, the Supreme Court's gutting of the Civil Rights Act of 1965, selective media coverage of candidates and voter intimidation by Trump-supporting, self-appointed "poll watchers," U.S. "democracy" is profoundly lacking on even the most elementary levels.
And this is to say nothing of the antiquated Electoral College, which was designed to arbitrarily inflate the influence of slave-holding states. As a result, Clinton received 2.8 million more votes than Donald Trump, yet still lost the election.
Is this really the best the self-proclaimed "world's greatest democracy" can do?
The second major irony is the utter hypocrisy of the U.S. government whining about the mere possibility of another nation tampering with its "free" and "open" elections, despite its own long, sordid history of interfering with the affairs of dozens of countries throughout the world. Indeed, in Guatemala, Iran, Iraq, Nicaragua, Chile, Afghanistan, Panama, El Salvador and Libya, the U.S. has done more than any other country to support regime changes, government overthrows or bloody coups in nations whose citizens voted the "wrong way."
This double-standard approach to international law and basic morality is what Noam Chomsky, in his book Failed States, calls the reigning "single standard," which views international law and treatises as "private contractual rules" that the U.S. is "free to apply or disregard as it sees fit."
These rules, he writes, are "sternly enforced to ensure a safer world for investors, but quaint and obsolete when they constrain Washington's resort to aggression and other crimes."
Do not misunderstand: The allegations of Russian hacking are indeed quite serious and absolutely warrant further investigation. But we must not rush to judgment in the absence of concrete, substantive evidence.
Recieve emails about upcoming NOVA programs and related content, as well as featured reporting about current events through a science lens. Email Address Zip Code Subscribe
Astrophysicists have revised their estimate of the number of galaxies in the universe upward tenfold by peering just 1 billion light-years deeper into the dark corners of the universe.
The new survey estimates that there are 2 trillion galaxies in the observable universe, up from the estimate of 120 billion made 20 years ago. Upgrades to the Hubble Space Telescope, along with data from other observatories, made the new estimate possible by letting astrophysicists look for galaxies 13 billion light-years away, some 1 billion light-years farther than before.
Support Provided By Learn More
The Hubble eXtreme Deep Field image was created by compositing images taken over 10 years.
Here's Davide Castelvecchi, reporting for Nature:
The team's count was not too surprising, says astronomer Steven Finkelstein at the University of Texas at Austin, but it's still helpful to put a number on it. “I don't know of anyone who has done this before,” he says. [Lead author Christopher] Conselice says that theorists had expected the number to be even higher; he and his collaborators now plan to look into this discrepancy.
There are a number of ways the discrepancy might have crept in. To arrive at their figure, Conselice and his team counted the number of galaxies they could observe using Hubble and the other telescopes and then filled in the blanks using highly educated guesses about the galaxies that are too faint to see. The previous survey in the 1990s faced a similar problem, but the older figure was also skewed because astronomers at the time figured the universe looked the same in all directions, though they had only studied a slice of it known as the Hubble Deep Field image.
The actual number extant today is likely smaller than 2 trillion since many of the galaxies seen by astrophysicists have merged since their light first started its journey to Earth.
Expect the estimate to be revised again in a few years—the James Webb Space Telescope will give us a deeper view of the cosmos after it is launched in 2018.
Knowing the addresses of a thousand galaxies has yielded a remarkable picture of our universe.
The new Cronut? Maybe not.
Dominique Ansel via Instagram
The food world was abuzz this week with news that Dominique Ansel, the baker behind the blockbuster doughnut-croissant hybrid known as the Cronut, had invented another pastry composite: “Chocolate Cookie Milk Shots.” “Dominique Ansel has done it again,” gushed the Huffington Post, rather prematurely. The dessert consists of a shot-glass-shaped chocolate chip cookie containing a tablespoon or two of milk. You must sip (or pound) the milk before you eat the cookie, although I suppose you could take turns sipping and nibbling, as though you were eating an ice cream cone. Ansel figured that “if everyone was drinking milk with cookies, you might as well make a dessert that allows them both to be combined,” a representative of Ansel's eponymous bakery, who apparently has never heard of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream, told Eater.
Already, there are signs that this will not be another Cronut. For one thing, the cookie cups pose a practical problem not present with most desserts: There is a reasonable risk that you will spill milk all over your shirt, or shoes, or date. The traditional way of eating cookies with milk reduces this risk by confining the milk to a glass, which is unlikely to crumble or split open while you're eating. If the cookie cup is soft and chewy—as chocolate chip cookies ought to be—you'll have only a few seconds before it starts getting soggy. And if it isn't soft and chewy—well, who'd want to eat that? (For the record, Ansel's rep claims the cookie, which debuts this Sunday at SXSW, “stayed crispy and moist in parts.”)
The bigger problem with the cookie cups, though, is that they get the entire milk-and-cookies ritual backwards. As supermodel Chrissy Teigen put it on Twitter, “but you need the cookie before the milk. this needs to be milk filled with cookie.”
Indeed, the point of eating cookies with milk is not merely to moisten the cookie, as Ansel seems to believe, but also to cleanse your palate with a gulp of ice-cold milk after you've eaten the cookie. Ansel's invention cruelly requires that you finish your milk before you finish your cookie—unless you pour the milk into another receptacle first, which would seem to defeat the purpose of this crazy edible contraption.
It's unsurprising that Ansel, who grew up in France, would not quite understand American cookie habits: The French don't really do chocolate chip cookies. And he does French, or French-ish, pastries brilliantly. In addition to the Cronut, Ansel's kouign amman, a caramelized puff pastry cake, is often described as life-changing. The cookie cups are not likely to earn that acclaim.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Amazon Studio's now-ousted chief once had the chance to nab Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon‘s acclaimed series “Big Little Lies” — but wanted to know if the stars would “show their t-ts” and why he should greenlight the series if they didn't, according to a new report.
Roy Price resigned from the company Tuesday after a female producer publicly accused him of sexual harassment, telling her “You'll love my d–k” — but it was far from the only time he'd creeped out colleagues, according to the Hollywood Reporter.
Just weeks after he allegedly extolled the merits of his pecker to “The Man in the High Castle” producer Isa Hackett in 2015, he went out for drinks with three female executives — but made things “awkward and uncomfortable” by asking about their sexual history and drug use, and the trio fled, the outlet reports.
The comments about “Big Little Lies” were made at a staff holiday party. HBO ultimately secured the series — and Kidman's breasts were shown.
Price was also trying to get his own sketchy show off the ground, the report reveals — about a young woman who is sold into sex slavery to a “psychotic imperial Thai dwarf” named Mr. Goodtimes, where she is drugged, bashed with a machete and told she will be “f–ked like a dead fish.”
One of the writers brought on for the series, called “Shanghai Snow,” said he found an early script repulsive, and only agreed to work on the series if he was allowed to make it less misogynistic, according to the Hollywood Reporter.
A shopkeeper was kicked and punched by four men after one tried to steal two trays of eggs in east London.
The "vicious" and "cowardly" attack happened after one of the men walked into the shop in Newham, picked up the eggs and walked out.
The 41-year-old shopkeeper chased the man out of the store into Hermit Road, but was confronted by the shoplifter and three other men.
The men followed the victim back into the store and kicked and punched him.
One man hit him over the head with a bottle, while another grabbed a metal bar which the shopkeeper was able to wrestle from him.
As this was happening, one of the suspects walked behind the counter and took cash from the till.
PC Jim Hollick, from Newham Borough's Robbery Task Force, said: “This was a vicious, cowardly attack on a man who was simply doing his job.
"It is lucky that the victim's injuries were not more serious.”
All four men, described as of Asian appearance and aged 19 to 24, then fled the scene and got into a black vehicle which drove off in the direction of Bethell Avenue.
The incident happened at about 9am on October 23 last year.
Anyone with information should contact police via 101 or on Twitter @MetCC.
Information can also be given to Crimestoppers anonymously by calling 0800 555 111 or visiting crimesoppers-uk.org.
2 Wayne Township firefighters injured in explosion following overnight shooting Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved (Photo Provided/Wayne Township Fire Department) [ + - ] Video
Staff Reports - INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) -- Two firefighters are recovering from an explosion after officials said they were hurt after responding to a shooting.
The shooting happened at the Westlake Apartments just after 1:30 a.m. Two people suffered non-life threatening injuries as a result.
Firefighters were called in afterwards due to a fire in an underground lift station at the complex.
Authorities said that after the scene was wrapping up, a second explosion occurred near a manhole, inuring two firefighters.
The explosion is believed to have been caused after gas leaked into the storm drain after bullets struck a vehicle.
Both firefighters were treated and released.
Kyokutaisei Takuya Highest Rank Maegashira 8 Real Name OGUSHI Takuya Birth Date October 18, 1989 (29 years) Shusshin Hokkaido, Asahikawa-shi Height and Weight 184 cm 128.2 kg Heya Oshima - Tomozuna Shikona Ogushi Takuya - Kyokutaisei Takuya Hatsu Dohyo 2008.01 Career Record 330-293-8/621 (67 basho) In Makuuchi 17-20-8/35 (3 basho), 1 Kanto-Sho As Maegashira 17-20-8/35 (3 basho), 1 Kanto-Sho In Juryo 139-146/285 (20 bashos) In Makushita 91-70/161 (23 basho) In Sandanme 46-31/77 (11 basho) In Jonidan 31-25/56 (8 basho) In Jonokuchi 6-1/7 (1 basho) In Mae-zumo 1 basho
Ogushi Takuya 2008.01 Mz 2-3 181 cm 83 kg Kyokutaisei Takuya 2008.03 Jk28e 6-1 181.5 cm 87.7 kg 2008.05 Jd61e 5-2 2008.07 Jd22e 2-5 2008.09 Jd57e 4-3 2008.11 Jd29w 3-4 2009.01 Jd54e 3-4 2009.03 Jd78e 4-3 182.5 cm 94.7 kg 2009.05 Jd51w 5-2 2009.07 Jd7w 5-2 2009.09 Sd78e 3-4 2009.11 Sd92e 4-3 2010.01 Sd74w 5-2 2010.03 Sd42w 3-4 181 cm 100.2 kg 2010.05 Sd57w 4-3 2010.07 Sd43e 6-1 2010.09 Ms54w 1-6 2010.11 Sd24e 3-4 181 cm 106.7 kg 2011.01 Sd41w 4-3 2011.05 Sd27w 5-2 2011.07 Ms55w 2-5 2011.09 Sd17w 4-3 2011.11 Sd4w 5-2 182.5 cm 106.5 kg 2012.01 Ms51e 4-3 2012.03 Ms44e 4-3 2012.05 Ms36w 3-4 2012.07 Ms48e 4-3 2012.09 Ms40w 4-3 2012.11 Ms32e 3-4 182.5 cm 112.5 kg 2013.01 Ms39e 5-2 2013.03 Ms23w 4-3 2013.05 Ms15e 3-4 2013.07 Ms24e 6-1 2013.09 Ms11w 3-4 2013.11 Ms16w 3-4 184 cm 128.2 kg 2014.01 Ms23e 5-2 2014.03 Ms11e 6-1 2014.05 Ms3w 5-2 2014.07 J13w 7-8 2014.09 J14e 5-10 2014.11 Ms5e 3-4 2015.01 Ms10e 4-3 2015.03 Ms7e 4-3 2015.05 Ms6e 5-2 2015.07 Ms4e 5-2 2015.09 J13e 9-6 2015.11 J7w 6-9 2016.01 J9w 5-10 2016.03 J14w 6-9 2016.05 Ms2w 5-2 2016.07 J13e 7-8 2016.09 J13e 8-7 2016.11 J11e 10-5 2017.01 J7e 8-7 2017.03 J6w 9-6 2017.05 J3w 6-9 2017.07 J6e 8-7 2017.09 J4e 6-9 2017.11 J6e 9-6 2018.01 J1w 8-7 2018.03 J1e 8-7 2018.05 M15w 10-5 Kanto-sho (1st) 2018.07 M8w 6-9 2018.09 M11w 1-6-8 2018.11 J7e 7-8 2019.01 J9e 7-8 2019.03 J9e 0-0
Legend New career high rank Division debut Intai Y Yusho D Yusho-doten (jun-yusho with playoff loss) J Jun-yusho (fewer wins than yusho)
KABUL (Reuters) - The United States handed control of the controversial giant Bagram prison and its 3,000 suspected Taliban inmates to Afghan authorities on Monday, amid concerns by activists over rights abuses and U.S. questions about Kabul's ability to keep key detainees behind bars.
Hundreds of Afghan soldiers watched as an Afghan flag was hoisted in front of the prison at the huge U.S.-run airfield north of Kabul, as part of a plan to withdraw foreign troops from combat operations in 2014.
“Today is a historical and glorious day for Afghanistan where Afghans are able to take charge of the prison themselves,” acting Defense Minister Enayatullah Nazari told a large crowd including U.S. military officials.
But, in a move that has angered the Afghan government, the U.S. plans to keep at least one block at the prison, where any suspected Taliban fighters or terrorists captured in future raids will be held before being handed over.
Since the agreement on the handover was signed in March a further 600 people have been jailed at Bagram. The United States has no time frame on when these new prisoners will be handed over, and how long they plan to keep future captives.
The United States is also keeping another roughly 30 of the original group of detainees, amid concerns that Kabul might process them out instead of keeping them behind bars, as stipulated in the transfer agreement.
U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said on Monday he spoke with Afghan President Hamid Karzai about the need to “continue to detain those that are a threat to their country,” pursuant to the handover agreement.
“I expressed to him that it was important to celebrate this day that we are transferring authority of a large number of prisoners to the Afghan government. It's an important step,” he said. “We want to make sure that they in every way abide by the agreements that we work out with them.”
Afghan officials maintain that detention without trial is illegal under Afghan law. Karzai's spokesman, Aimal Faizi, declined to comment on the possibility of detention without trial happening anyway, simply saying: “We are against detainees not being processed by Afghan law.”
An Afghan National Army soldier, wearing a prison uniform, sits with his comrades during a ceremony handing over the Bagram prison to Afghan authorities, at the U.S. airbase in Bagram, north of Kabul September 10, 2012. Soldiers donned the prison uniforms before a media preview, which was cancelled at the last minute due to unknown reasons. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
HUMAN RIGHTS CONCERNS
Afghanistan has long sought control of the sprawling prison, which has been likened to Guantanamo in Cuba and Abu Graib in Iraq for its association with torture and long detention times.
Prisoners have often been held for years without trial, and human rights activists say they will be vulnerable to more rights abuses once the handover is complete.
Afghan lawyers say Afghanistan's social system of powerful tribes and influential families could mean that inmates are exposed to abuse if individuals are imprisoned without trial and on the basis of little, if any, evidence.
“A wealthy figure or a person of authority, if offended for whatever reason, can arrest an innocent citizen over personal or family vendettas,” the president of Afghanistan's Independent Bar Association, Rohullah Qarizada, told Reuters.
The Open Society Foundation, a U.S.-based pro-democracy group, said “there is nothing that prevents the Afghan government from using the transition procedure to not only intern post-handover, but to subject anyone it deems to meet the detention criteria to internment anywhere in the country”.
One former inmate, who spent five years at Bagram before being released without being charged, said conditions behind bars worsened when he was handed over to Afghan custody.
Slideshow (5 Images)
“The Afghans are no better than the Americans,” said Karim Shah, adding that they had not let him pray during that time, a grave insult in ultra-religious, Muslim Afghanistan.
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) served as a safeguard while the prison was under U.S. control.
Afghanistan's Independent Human Rights Commission (AIHRC) is expected to monitor Bagram under Afghan control, though no agreement has been reached with the government, according to an Open Society Foundation report last week urging the government to grant the monitor unrestricted access to the prison.
–
–
Why do men and women dive into relationship, then do everything to avoid intimacy?
—
Q: What are intimacy breaking behaviors?
A: They are behaviors that get in the way of you and your partner feeling connected.
Q: Why do we indulge in intimacy breaking behaviors?
A: Often, we engage in these behaviors because the movement towards intimacy can be confronting and bring up internal experiences that are uncomfortable.
◊♦◊
My experience suggests that we can stand only a certain level of intimacy based on our sense of self. As the level of intimacy rises toward our set point regarding self-esteem, we become uncomfortable and will unconsciously sabotage the process of increasing intimacy.
“But I love being intimate.” Yes, many of us say this, but what we say and what we do are often contradictory. I have some friends who do not even know what it means when their partners' say they want more intimacy.
For those of you who do know what it is, but notice they or their partner sometimes feel disconnected, being able to identify intimacy breaking behavior is the first step in re-establishing the bridge towards intimacy.
◊♦◊
Here are ten common intimacy breaking behaviors. Which ones do you use?
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
1) Getting lost in thinking about work, success, or just getting down on yourself and being in a bad mood. These are preemptive actions that block connecting before it even gets started.
A variation on this is being connected and then bringing up topics that you know (when you think about it) your partner is not interested in.
2) When your partner is sharing with you something that is emotional or makes you uncomfortable, you change the subject.
3) Getting into an argument with your partner. This is a guaranteed intimacy breaker for most of us. And since it is so common, being able to work through arguments in a constructive way is essential for the long-term health of your relationship.
On the other hand, it is possible to argue and increase intimacy. Arguments can make you appreciate your partner's intellect, tenacity, and wisdom. Arguing can lead you to a deeper understanding of the other person.
4) Criticizing your partner (and you think you are helping). If you have ever been on the receiving end of “helpful” criticism, you know that it is building walls and resentment, not bridges.
5) Complaining about your partner. This is similar, but different than, criticizing, as in the above case, where you genuinely think you are helping. When complaining you are not trying to help, you are venting your anger and trying to modify your partner's behavior.
[ 1 | 2 ]
Share. This will be the second time Dan Jurgens has written Aquaman. This will be the second time Dan Jurgens has written Aquaman.
We are excited to announce that the King of the Seven Seas is expanding his kingdom with a new series called Aquaman and the Others. It comes out on April 2 and will be written by Dan Jurgens and drawn by Lan Medina and Ed Tadeo.
Check out the exclusive cover to issue #1 debuting here on IGN:
The series will feature Aquaman's team of Others being hunted by a mysterious foe who wants the golden Atlantean artifacts that give them their powers. That plot may sound a tad familiar as it was Black Manta who was hunting down the Others and stealing their artifacts as part of his revenge against Aquaman during Geoff Johns's run, so we'll have to wait and see how this series sets itself apart. The Others were a huge part of the X-factor that made Aquaman's New 52 relaunch so exciting because it expanded the character's mythology with a cool cast of new characters.
The main Aquaman comic book, currently written by Jeff Parker and drawn by Paul Pelletier, will continue as usual. Comic fans will remember the time Aquaman outsold every Marvel book in January 2012, so it shows DC's continued faith in the character that he can carry the weight of two ongoing series.
The cover shows Aquaman, the Operative, Prisoner-Of-War, Ya'wara, Sky, and Ya'wara's jaguar. Let us know your thoughts on this new series in the comments!
Joshua is IGN's Comics Editor. If Pokémon, Game of Thrones, or Green Lantern are frequently used words in your vocabulary, then you'll want to follow him on Twitter and IGN.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Antonis Samaras: ''This is a victory for all Europe''
The leader of Greece's pro-bailout New Democracy party, set to win most seats in a general election, says he wants to form a government as soon as possible.
Antonis Samaras said Greeks had voted to stay in the euro, and called for a "national salvation government".
The leader of the anti-bailout Syriza party, Alexis Tsipras, which came a close second, agreed Mr Samaras should be first to try to form a coalition.
Germany said it viewed the result as a decision to "forge ahead" with reform.
With 80% of votes counted, interior ministry projections put New Democracy on 29.9% of the vote (130 seats), Syriza on 26.7% (71) and the socialist Pasok on 12.4% (33).
New Democracy leader Mr Samaras said: "The Greek people voted today to stay on the European course and remain in the eurozone.
"There will be no more adventures. Greece's place in Europe will not be put in doubt."
"The sacrifices of the Greek people will bring the country back to prosperity," he promised.
Analysis And so this second election in two months, seen as the most important in Greece's modern history, is going to go right down to the wire. The top two parties - with very different visions of how to deal with the Eurozone crisis - are neck and neck. For New Democracy supporters, who were hoping for a clear win, it will be a nervous few hours. Their leader Antonis Samaras had portrayed this election as a choice between staying in the euro or going back to the drachma. But that's not how Syriza and its supporters see it - they believe it's about promoting a different kind of economic policy to help Greece out of a spiral of recession and unemployment. Syriza supporters gathered at Propilea in front of Athens University began to chant slogans when the first exit poll numbers were revealed. For now, the politicians are watching and waiting and probably biting their nails. Whoever wins, however narrowly, gets an extra 50 seats in parliament. It could be the decisive difference. But the winner still needs to put together a coalition government which is strong enough to last - and that may not be so easy.
He also said Greece would "honour its obligations".
The BBC's Mark Lowen in Athens says that suggests Mr Samaras wants to press ahead with spending cuts demanded by the country's international creditors.
European leaders have warned that if a new Greek government rejected the bailout, the country could be forced to abandon the single currency.
While the radical-left Syriza and other smaller parties have opposed the bailout, New Democracy and Pasok said they would keep it in a renegotiated form.
Germany's Finance Minister, Wolfgang Schaeuble, said he viewed the election result as a decision by the Greek people "to forge ahead with the implementation of far-reaching economic and fiscal reforms in the country".
Eurozone finance ministers said in a statement that such reform was "Greece's best guarantee to overcome the current economic and social challenges and for a more prosperous future [for] Greece in the euro area".
They said they expected representatives of the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund - the so-called Troika - to return to Athens as soon as there was a Greek government in place.
Germany Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle suggested Athens might be given more time to comply with its obligations.
"There cannot be substantial changes to the agreements, but I can well imagine talking again about timelines," he said.
Mr Tsipras, the Syriza leader, congratulated Mr Samaras on his apparent victory, and said he had the right to try to form a government.
But he appeared to rule out joining such a coalition, saying Syriza would "not sacrifice our position" of opposition to the austerity programme.
Difficult talks
If the projections from the interior ministry are proved correct, New Democracy should be able to build a majority coalition with the socialist Pasok, benefiting from a rule which gives the leading party 50 extra seats in the 300-seat chamber.
However, coalition talks may not be easy. After a first, inconclusive election six weeks ago, each of the main parties tried but failed to form a coalition government.
Election outcomes If pro-austerity parties (Pasok and New Democracy) form coalition Could have the best chance of re-negotiating bailout
May say austerity measures need longer time-frame
But may need a third party to form majority If anti-austerity parties (Syriza and others) form coaltion Syriza threatening not to honour bailout
If so, Greece could be forced out of euro
Reintroduction of drachma would lead to devaluation, inflation and business failures
But could allow economy to grow If there is a hung parliament Third round of elections needed
More political uncertainty
Restricted access to bailout funds Q&A: Greek parliamentary election
The leader of Pasok, Evangelos Venizelos, proposed a broad four-party coalition including New Democracy, Pasok, the Democratic Left and Syriza.
"No decision can be taken without this national unity," he said.
Analysts suggested Mr Venizelos had doubts over the viability of a coalition with a narrow majority.
When his party was in power it suffered numerous defections and rebellions as it tried to impose unpopular austerity measures.
Our correspondent, Mark Lowen, says that with such a strong showing by Syriza, Greece could be in for an autumn of discontent by opponents of the bailout deal.
Four other anti-bailout parties look set to take between 60 and 70 seats. They include the far-right Golden Dawn, which looked set to secure about 7% of the vote.
Sunday's vote is being watched around the world, amid fears that a Greek exit from the euro could spread contagion to other eurozone members and deepen the turmoil in the global economy.
Tough austerity measures were attached to the two international bailouts awarded to Greece, an initial package worth 110bn euros (£89bn; $138bn) in 2010, then a follow-up last year worth 130bn euros.
Polls suggest most Greeks want to be rid of the bailout and its onerous conditions, but want to stay in the euro.
Various European leaders have warned they cannot do both.
True to their word, Retroynms were quick to officially announce AudioCopy 2.0. This comes exactly one week after I reported that Apple will be killing Sonoma's AudopCopy/Paste in iOS 7.
In addition to answering immediate user fears - yes, AudioCopy 2.0 will feature a history for quick import/export - they go into great details about what this new platform brings to the table and how they're working with the limitations on copying data between apps in iOS 7.
To work within Apple's new sandboxing rules you will now need a dedicated AudioCopy 2.0 app, which will be available for free shortly after the release of iOS 7. This app can run in the background, and you never have to think about it. While it sits there, AudioCopy 2.0 enabled apps will now be sending and receiving through it. When you want to Paste, the background AudioCopy 2.0 app will tell the app what it has available. The AudioCopy 2.0 app can also be used as a browser to manage or delete your imported samples in the history library.
I spoke with Retronym's co-founders Dan and John-Paul Walton about the new system and features I know you guys use. They assure me that the new app will continue be able to accept multiple files in one operation. So you will be able to AudioCopy multiple discrete tracks from an app in one step! The new AudioCopy 2.0 is backwards compatible with AudioCopy 1.0, so abandoned apps should continue to work.
I further asked about compatibility, and how this will effect iPad 1 users on iOS 5 and others who simply want to upgrade to iOS 7.
"The AudioCopy sdk will run on iOS 6. I suspect the AudioCopy app will as well.
We are going to try to support iOS 5 also, the current download is 6 and 7 only." - Dan Walton, Co-Founder Retronyms
Full details are on the official AudioCopy 2.0 page. The Preview Release SDK is available for developers today.
Here's a simple diagram to show the different experiences users will have with the new AudioCopy methods. If you don't have the dedicated AudioCopy 2.0 app, the whole process falls-back to iOS (General) Pasteboard, so nothing breaks.
Onlookers are often silent, and feel guilty afterwards for doing nothing. We suggest how bystanders can intervene or help
A woman faces sentencing on Friday for racially abusing three women on a bus in October. Simone Joseph called the women “Isis bitches” who had “bombs up their skirts” and told them to “fuck off back to your own country”.
Fellow passengers filmed the attack, which helped to lead to a conviction. But in many cases, when harassment happens it is met with silence from nervous onlookers and there are no repercussions for the attacker.
Woman in anti-Muslim bus tirade admits racial abuse Read more
We asked readers to tell us about abuse they have witnessed in public to understand why people sit by and say nothing, and to give guidance on how people can respond.
Take it seriously
During the last year 52,528 hate crimes were reported to the police, more than 80% of them racially motivated. According to Home Office figures, the number of actual incidents is four times that number, the vast majority going unreported.
“It's a significant and sizeable problem,” says Dr Neil Chakraborti, director of the Leicester Centre for Hate Studies. “Many victims don't even recognise that they've been the victim of a hate crime. They normalise a lot of this behaviour, it happens so repeatedly, so often, it's a routine part of being different – being called names, being harassed on the street.” Chakraborti says the targets of these attacks are often Muslim.
“I can guarantee you that every single Muslim has either experienced Islamophobia themselves or know somebody close to them who has. That's how bad the problem is.” said Sufyan Ismail, the founder and CEO of anti-Islamophobic violence organisation Mend. Chakraborti and Ismail both say that Muslim women who wear a veil or headscarf are particularly vulnerable to attack. “The abuse they get is horrific – having their veils ripped off, being spat on,” said Chakraborti. “In the research we did it was clear it's not just Islamophobic hostility, it's gendered hostility. It's appalling.”
People from a wide range of backgrounds told us of instances when they were the victims of abuse on the streets of Britain.
A turban-wearing Sikh said that as he was walking down a main road in York during the day a woman started calling him “bin Laden” and spat at him. A woman described seeing a man hissing at women wearing hijabs as they walked past him. Another said she was pushed off her seat at Euston station by a white family and told to “fuck off back to your own country”. When she objected the man yelled at her: “Look at your skin, you can't be British.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Jew wearing a kippah (skullcap). One reader was on the tube next to someone wearing a kippah when a man began muttering ‘Gas, gas, gas'.
Another woman, wearing a burka on a visit to the York railway museum with her husband and son, was abused by another patron who told her: “My daughters are getting scared looking at you wearing this black thing. Why are you guys going around bombing and killing everybody?”
Say something
Chakraborti says when a racial or religious attack occurs in a public place, in most cases, sadly witnesses do not speak up for the victim. “I've come across cases where people have stepped in, but the vast majority of victims I've spoken to have been really sad because people have turned a blind eye and that has exacerbated their sense of isolation,” he said.
This isolation was expressed by Guardian readers who wrote to tell us about their experiences.
Sarah*, from Newcastle, said that though she has been racially abused many times, people who saw the abuse happen rarely intervened, leading her to feel “worthless, like racism is just something I should be used to”. “Only one time has anyone stood up for me and that was at a bus stop when I was 17. A man had called me a ‘nigger' and spat at me whilst walking past and a white man shouted after him ‘You fucking idiot'. I am very grateful to that stranger, even though I shouldn't have to feel grateful,” she said.
Leyla Moazzen, 38, said she has been the victim of many instances of racial abuse while growing up in Haverfordwest in Wales. “The worst episode was when I was a teenager. I was verbally abused in a really threatening way by a group of men in the street. I was memorably told: ‘Get back to Afghanistan you fucking Paki.' I'm half-Welsh and half-Iranian.
“It turns out that lots of adults were watching. They claimed they'd been ready to intervene if it got worse, but that was afterwards and I didn't know anyone else was around. I felt very vulnerable. I struggled with the injustice of it. I had to stand up for myself and really didn't feel equipped to do that. I wished someone had said something.”
While silence from passersby often feels to victims as if the public is offering its tacit approval of abuse, many of our respondents said they stayed silent because they did not know what an appropriate response was and felt guilty afterwards for not doing more.
Justin* from London was sitting on the tube next to a Jewish man wearing a kippah (skullcap) when another man began hissing and muttering “Gas, gas, gas”. Justin and the Jewish man objected to what he was saying, but after the man denied it, they did nothing more.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Muslim woman protests outside Bangor Street Community centre against comments Jack Straw made about the veil Photograph: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images
“I was furiously wondering what I could do,” said Justin. “Should I report the incident and if so, to whom? Would there be a physical confrontation? Should I try to take his picture or shout and point him out as the racist he was? I wish I had taken more action. I feel ashamed of being as scared as I was.”
Oscar Tucker, 21 from London, felt guilty for not intervening sooner after a white man shouted “Go back to Africa” to a black woman at a tube station. “She jumped, obviously surprised and then told him ‘I've never been to Africa.' He followed her through the tube station shouting various racial abuse. He sounded really angry – briefly I thought he was going to hit her.
“At first, I was kind of rendered useless by shock. Eventually, I quietly asked him to leave her alone. He stared at me intensely for about a second and then said: ‘OK' and walked off. This response really surprised me. I have to put it down to the fact that I'm a young, white man,” said Tucker, adding: “I feel quite guilty that it took me so long to intervene.”
Ismail said that when abuse occurs, “Sadly most people sit by and accept that's how life is now. I don't think we should interpret every occasion of no one saying anything as no one caring. The British are naturally reserved – including myself, including British Muslims – but once in a while there's a need to come out of our reserve because a situation warrants that intervention.”
Be safe
Both Chakraborti and Ismail warn that people should be careful when intervening, especially if the person might be violent and their intervention could escalate the situaiton.
“Don't put yourself in any danger. Witnesses come in different sizes and shapes and you need to be aware of that,” said Chakraborti. “But you've got to rely on your moral compass: what can you do? Can you intervene? Tell a bus driver or a guard on the tube? Can you just put your arm around somebody and ask if they're all right and get them a glass of water? It might sound trivial but just that act of kindness can make someone feel less alone.”
Some of those who intervened after witnessing abuse said they were then personally threatened and were uncertain whether they would get involved again. Notably, these were nearly all women who had confronted abusive men.
Sally*, from Birmingham, said she stepped in when a man began shouting at a Muslim woman, who was travelling with young children, on a bus. After Sally intervened the man became verbally and physically aggressive toward her. Two days later, he followed Sally off the same bus and shouted abuse at her, as well as telling her: “I know where you work now.”
Sally said the incident frightened her so much that she would now think twice before intervening. “The second incident has made me change my work hours in order to avoid him and I now feel vulnerable on buses and out on my own, which I never did before. I can only imagine how the woman with her children must feel.”
Isabel Barnes, 29, from Sheffield, intervened when her partner, who is of Indian descent, was racially abused by a man at a pub. When Isabel stood up to the man he punched her in the face. Isabel and her partner called the police and were assisted by others around them. The aggressor was sent to prison for six months for the assault.
“My partner and I often disagree over this,” she said. “My partner's view is that people of that mind are not up for an intelligent debate and therefore there is no point in challenging their behaviour. But my gut sends me a different way – that we all have a responsibility to challenge negative behaviours in society. I can't help but feel that ignoring the behaviour is the same as condoning it.”
Report the abuse to the police
One of the most significant things you can do if you witness racial or religious abuse in public is to report it to the police.
A British Transport Police spokesman said: “Any crime or incident of anti-social behaviour which is motivated by racial hatred is particularly abhorrent and British Transport Police is working hard to drive such behaviour from the railway. Only by understanding the true scale and nature of the problem, can we hope to develop lasting solutions that will give all travellers and rail staff an environment as free from hate crime as possible.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest British Transport Police at a tube station in London. ‘Any crime or incident of anti-social behaviour which is motivated by racial hatred is particularly abhorrent,' a spokesman said.
When on public transport, people can report incidents by texting 61016 or by calling 0800 405040, in addition to calling 999 in the cases of emergencies. “What is important for people to know is that we care and we will respond,” said the spokesman.
Chakraborti has outlined ways that organisations can make reporting abuse simpler for people and adds that if witnesses report what they see and back up the testimony of victims this can have a huge impact.
Film it
Recording instances of religious and racial violence can be key for furnishing police with the evidence they need to make an arrest or bring a charge against someone, as in the case of Joseph. So as well as intervening and speaking up for a victim of abuse, you should pull out your phone and record the incident.
An example of how this can be useful was offered by Lucy* who, on a recent train trip, saw a white man tell Middle Eastern passengers that they had destroyed the NHS and to “get back to Syria”. She defended the passengers and reported the incident to station staff and the transport police, who assigned the case to a detective. However, since the CCTV inside the train was broken they were unable to pursue the investigation. “Next time I would record the incident on my mobile phone as evidence, as now I know that this is a vital step towards possible prosecution,” she said.
*Some names have been changed.
NASA of the 1970s reveals how it thought the future would look
Toroidial colony cutaway view Artwork by Rick Guidice Toroidial colony cutaway view Artwork by Rick Guidice Photo: NASA Ames Research Center Photo: NASA Ames Research Center Image 1 of / 19 Caption Close NASA of the 1970s reveals how it thought the future would look 1 / 19 Back to Gallery
NASA has revealed what it thought the future might look like back in the 1970s and it's pretty impressive.
Three concepts for space colonies were drawn up showing elaborate communities to house anything from 10,000 people all the way up to a full 1 million people, with everything from rivers to trees to fully enclosed agriculture pods.
NAS thought that rather than living on planets, settlers would live on gigantic spaceships in three different designs: cylindrical colonies, toroidal -- or donut shaped -- colonies and Bernal spheres in which the people would live inside a giant hollow sphere.
The settlements would be airtight to hold a breathable atmosphere and would rotate in order to provide psuedo-gravity so the people could stand on the inside of the hull of any given ship.
The renderings were drawn up by researchers at NASA's Ames Research Center and Stanford University during three space colony summer studies done in the 1970s, when space exploration was arguably reaching towards its heyday. Thave been kept under wraps until now.
The cylindrical design is perhaps the most impressive, with the potential to house over 1 million people with full-grown living landscapes mixed with human engineering like a suspension bridge.
The agriculture models in the Bernal sphere design show cattle being raised in fields on one level while above, on a second tier, regular farm machinery harvests crops.
Many benefits of living in a colony are noted including access to "continuous, ample, reliable solar energy" and "great views from Earth."
Enormous amounts of matter, probably lunar soil at first, according to the researchers, must cover the settlements to protect inhabitants from radiation just as the Earth's atmosphere is designed to protect us regular Earthlings.
NASA's settlements website shows just how optimistic these visionaries were about how far space travel could develop, suggesting the idea of launching millions of people to live in space was not totally outlandish.
"Space settlement needs inexpensive, safe launch systems to deliver thousands, perhaps millions, of people into orbit. If this seems unrealistic, note that a hundred and fifty years ago nobody had ever flown in an airplane, but today nearly 500 million people fly each year," says the site.
Above all that though is a clear disclaimer stating that this is merely information about the 1970s project and not current policy, a sad reflection, perhaps, of the near collapse of the space program that has happened in the 50 years since these designs were envisioned.
Within the information from the project is also a suggestion that handicapped people might form their own zero-G colony which would make wheelchairs unnecessary. A space penal colony is also proposed, as they would be "fairly escape proof."
NASA now runs an annual compeition for 6th-12th graders asking them for space settlement designs.
This year's winner's from the High School of Mathmatics in Varna, Bulgaria, came up with an almost equally impressive design. Their space colony, called Greenspace, would house 16,000 people with the main aim of becoming a colony designed to remove space debris.
by
There is little doubt that Ben Roethlisberger and Eli Manning are among the best quarterbacks in the NFL. Sunday's matchup between the Steelers and Giants will mark just the third time the two will face each other and based on the seasons they are both having, it should be an amazing game. The similarities between both quarterbacks don't end with the terrific play they have been displaying. Both were drafted in the first round in 2004, both have two Super Bowl rings and they each have been to two Pro Bowls. The Quarterbacks couldn't be any different off the field though. Manning comes from a family with a history in the NFL—his father, Archie was a stellar quarterback with the New Orleans Saints in the 70's and his brother Peyton, now with the Denver Broncos, is another of the league's best quarterbacks. Manning's life off the field has been relatively quiet and uneventful. Roethlisberger's, in contrast, has been anything but. He almost lost his life in a serious motorcycle accident the summer after he won his first Super Bowl and he has twice been accused of rape—although not charged in either incident. It's safe to say that Roethlisberger has been quite reckless in his life outside the NFL. Below I will chronicle the circumstances leading to Sunday's much anticipated matchup between two great teams and two great quarterbacks.
2003
In 2002 Steeler's coach Bill Cowher made a quarterback change from the inconsistent Kordell Stewart to the late-blooming Tommy Maddox. Maddox was more of a drop-back quarterback who was very immobile in the pocket, but often displayed accurate passing. Stewart was a more exciting player able to make plays with his feet, but with a very erratic arm. The Steelers started the 2002 season with losses against the Spygate-era Patriots and the Oakland Raiders. In the third game of the season, with Stewart struggling, Cowher made the switch to Tommy Maddox who led a come-from-behind victory in OT against the division rival Cleveland Browns. Maddox was the starter for the rest of the season which featured many thrilling victories including coming back from a 17 point deficit in a wildcard playoff victory against the Browns. The Steelers finished 10-5-1 that year and Maddox was firmly entrenched as the Steelers new starting quarterback. It didn't last long, though. The Steelers struggled to a 6-10 finish in 2003 as Maddox threw 17 interceptions to offset his 18 touchdowns. He wasn't the only reason the Steelers struggled, though, and was set to be the starter again in 2004. The Steelers drafted 11th that year by virtue of their rare poor record and Maddox's career would take an unexpected turn.
The New York Giants were tied among the worst teams in football in 2003 with a 4-12 record. Only three years removed from a Super Bowl appearance (a loss to the Ravens), and coming off of a playoff season, expectations were high. Their futility would earn them the fourth overall pick in the draft and cost Jim Fassel his job. Kerry Collins was the starting quarterback but was coming off a very mediocre season. His career would also take a hit as the Giants used their high draft pick to select a quarterback. They would release him later that year and he would be picked up by the Oakland Raiders.
The 2004 NFL Draft
The 2004 quarterback class is second only to the hallowed 1983 class as the best ever. 1983's draft featured three eventual Hall of Famers: John Elway, Jim Kelly and Dan Marino. Todd Blackledge, Tony Eason and Ken O'Brien were also first round picks and ended up being solid starters for the Chiefs, pre-Spygate-era Patriots and Jets respectively. There were four quarterbacks taken in the first round in 2004: Manning, Roethlisberger, Philip Rivers and J.P. Losman. Tom Donahoe, the Buffalo Bills General Manager at the time and formerly the Steelers Director of Football Operations actually traded the Bills 2nd round pick that season and their first pick in 2005 to move back into the first round to select J.P. Losman out of Tulane. Losman was playing for the Las Vegas Locomotives of the UFL a few years later. Donahoe was extremely overrated as a GM and pretty much caused the collapse of the once proud Bills franchise.
The other three quarterbacks taken in the first round that year would go on to have much more success and the story of how they ended up with the teams that they now play for is incredible. Leading up to the draft, the consensus among draft experts was that Eli Manning and Ben Roethlisberger would be the top two quarterbacks and would be taken very early in the draft. Philip Rivers was initially projected to go in the middle of the first round, but was quickly moving up the charts. The knock on him was an unorthodox throwing style which should have been a huge red flag since, well, the QUARTERBACK'S JOB IS TO THROW THE BALL.
San Diego had the first pick in the draft and was in the market for a quarterback despite having just taken Drew Brees as the first pick in the second round in 2001. They had given up on Brees and were vocal about selecting another quarterback leading up to 2004's draft. There was conflict between San Diego and the Manning family, though, as Eli reportedly had told the Chargers that he did not want to play for them. (I have since heard conflicting reports about this, however, stating that the Chargers made up the story about Manning refusing to play for them in order to calm their fan-base when they selected Philip Rivers instead, whom they really coveted.) They did select Eli Manning with the first pick, however, confident that they could deal him to the Giants. One of the most enduring images of that draft was Eli Manning's sourpuss face as he stood holding a Chargers jersey. Whether it was because he knew they didn't want him, or because he really didn't want to play for them—it was obvious he was not happy being a San Diego Charger.
The NY Giants' GM Ernie Accorsi was rumored to have tried to work out a deal with San Diego for the first pick prior to the draft. When the deal couldn't get done, and the Chargers had taken Manning, he reportedly was prepared to take Roethlisberger when a last minute trade was finally worked out. The Giants would take Rivers, then turn around and trade him for Manning. The Giants also gave up their 3rd round pick in 2004 and their first and fifth picks in 2005. The Chargers would use those picks to draft kicker Nate Kaeding, Defensive End Shawne Merriman and trade for the rights to Tackle Roman Oben. With Manning having gone first overall and Rivers surprisingly drafted ahead of Roethlisberger, the story became who would take the big QB from Miami of Ohio. SPOILER ALERT – It was the Steelers with the 11th pick. I remember being more nervous for that draft than any other—hoping that Roethlisberger would somehow drop to the Steelers. Going into the draft, I would have been happy with Arkansas Tackle Shawn Andrews (who the Eagles eventually selected with the 16th pick) or Cornerback Dunta Robinson from South Carolina (who Houston took with the 10th pick) or RB Steven Jackson from Oregon State (who dropped all the way to the Rams with the 24th pick). With Roethlisberger still on the board after the Giants picked, however, my focus was now on him.
Here is a list of the top 10 picks that year and all of the teams that passed on Roethlisberger:
1. Chargers – Eli Manning, QB
2. Raiders – Robert Gallery, T
3. Cardinals – Larry Fitzgerald, WR
4. Giants – Philip Rivers, QB
5. Redskins – Sean Taylor, S
6. Browns – Kellen Winslow II
7. Lions – Roy Williams, WR
8. Falcons – DeAngelo Hall, CB
9. Jaguars – Reggie Williams, WR
10. Texans – Dunta Robinson, CB
Now here is a list of the Quarterbacks each of those teams had going into the 2004 season:
1. Chargers – Drew Brees
2. Raiders – Rich Gannon
3. Cardinals – Josh McCown
4. Giants – Kurt Warner
5. Redskins – Patrick Ramsey
6. Browns – Kelly Holcomb/Jeff Garcia
7. Lions – Joey Harrington
8. Falcons – Michael Vick
9. Jaguars – Byron Leftwich
10. Texans – David Carr
David Carr was the first overall pick in 2002. Joey Harrington was the third overall pick that year and Patrick Ramsey was the last pick in the first round that year. Byron Leftwich was a first round pick in 2003. All of these teams had young, highly drafted QB's that they were still trying to develop. You can't blame them for passing on Roethlisberger. Vick was an established starter. There was no way that the Falcons were going to take another QB. The Raiders had Rich Gannon, who was a great QB at the time, but he was pushing 40! The Cardinals didn't want to pass on a great talent in Larry Fitzgerald, but they still don't have anyone to throw him the ball nine years later! The Browns…well, they're the Browns. Steeler fans can thank these three teams for letting Roethlisberger slip to them. Most of all, however, we can thank the Giants for deciding that they absolutely had to have Eli over Ben. Maddox would get hurt early in 2004, and Roethlisberger would become the starter for good.
The Super Bowls
Roethlisberger quickly paid dividends for the Steelers, winning the Super Bowl in just his second season. He didn't play particularly well in the big game, but he was the youngest to ever win one and he was superb the entire season, and especially in the three road playoff games leading up to the Super Bowl. Bill Cowher uncharacteristically came out aggressively on offense in those playoff games allowing Roethlisberger to throw the ball early and build a lead. He had seven passing touchdowns and one rushing touchdown in those three playoff games with only one interception. Eight total touchdowns and only one interception in three consecutive road playoffs wins against the 1st, 2nd and 3rd seeds in the AFC. The next time anyone says that Roethlisberger didn't earn that first ring, throw those stats in their face. THEN MURDER THEM.
In 2007, Eli Manning and the NY Giants also won three road playoff games to get to the Super Bowl and faced what seemed like an impossible challenge—the undefeated New England Patriots. Manning was undeterred however, and made good on Plaxico's Burress' pre-game prediction of a Giants victory. Burress predicted a 23 – 17 score, to which Brady scoffed “We're only going to score 17 points? Okay. Is Plax playing defense?” The Patriots only scored 14 as Burress caught the winning touchdown from Manning for a 17 – 14 win.
Roethlisberger won a second ring in 2008 and was undoubtedly deserving of it this time around, with a memorable78 yard last minute touchdown drive to win the game against the Cardinals, 27 – 23.
Roethlisberger would make a third trip to the Super Bowl with the Steelers only two years later in 2010, but would come up short losing to the Green Bay Packers, 31 – 25. The season began with Roethlisberger serving a four game suspension because of one of the aforementioned rape accusations. Although he was never charged with a crime and much of the evidence released supported his adamant claim of innocence, it had to be very difficult for Roethlisberger to perform under the circumstances. Yet, he still made it to the biggest stage and came within a touchdown of his third title.
Manning would win his second last season in a re-match with the Patriots. Although they only finished with a 9 – 7 regular season record, it was good enough for the Giants to win the NFC East division. After three consecutive playoff wins, including a very impressive win against the number one seeded Green Bay Packers, the Giants pulled off another close, come-from-behind win in the Super Bowl against the Patriots, 21 – 17. I wonder if Brady is happy that they scored at least 17 this time around? Incidentally, the Patriots now have a losing record in Super Bowls, 3 – 4. LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSERS!!!!!!!!
Head to Head
Roethlisberger and Manning first faced each other in their rookie seasons in New Jersey in 2004. The Steelers won that one, 33 – 30 in an unexpected, but thrilling shootout in week 15. That was the Steelers 12th consecutive win that season en route to a 15 – 1 record. (Their only loss was to the Ravens in week 2.) Roethlisberger threw for 316 yards and 1 TD but had 2 INT's against the Giants that day. Manning threw for 182 yards with 2 TD's and 1 INT.
They faced each other for a second time in Pittsburgh in week 8 of 2008 and Manning came out on top that time, 21 – 14. That was the game where James Harrison had to snap for a punt in the 4th quarter and snapped it over the punter's head out of the endzone for a safety. The Steelers had been ahead 14 – 12 at that point. Roethlisberger had a very poor performance that day, throwing for only 189 yards and 4 INT's. Manning was not spectacular, with only 199 yards and 1 TD, but he didn't throw any INTs.
Sunday will be the rubber match for these two great Quarterbacks as they meet in East Rutherford, NJ surrounded by the devastation from hurricane Sandy. I expect a close and exciting game like their previous two matchups and I expect the Giants to win. The Steelers will not have Troy Polamalu for another game and they may be without Lamarr Woodley. They have not been good on the road this season and this is by far the best opponent they have played all season. With an ailing defense, stopping the Giants who seem to score at will lately will be a difficult task. The Steelers will also have a difficult travel schedule, unable to find lodging because of the hurricane. They will fly in the day of the game. I feel like shit on the day of a flight WHEN I AM ON VACATION. I can't imagine getting off of a plane to play a football game. The Giants will also have an emotional boost from a city that is recovering from the horrible storms. Ben Roethlisberger will keep the game close, though. He has been playing very well lately and the offensive line has been keeping him upright and giving him a complementary running game to work with. Regardless of the outcome, savor this game. Whether you are a Giants fan or a Steelers fan or just an NFL fan, this should be a fun game to watch. Two of the best quarterbacks in the league will be on display. Two very different, yet very similar and very decorated quarterbacks.
Follow us on Twitter for pictures of Eli's mom..
Comments
comments
For other video games based on the Tron franchise, see Tron (disambiguation)
Tron is a coin-operated arcade video game manufactured and distributed by Bally Midway in 1982. The game consists of four subgames inspired by the events of the Walt Disney Productions motion picture Tron released in the same year. The lead programmer was Bill Adams.[2]
Tron was followed by the 1983 sequel, Discs of Tron, which was not as successful as the original. A number of other licensed Tron games were released for home systems, but these were based on elements of the movie and not the arcade game. The arcade was not ported to any contemporary systems.
Gameplay [ edit ]
Tron consists of four sub-games based on events and characters in the movie. In general, the player controls Tron, either in human form or piloting a vehicle, using an eight-way joystick for movement, a trigger button on the stick to fire, and a rotary dial for aiming. The goal of the game is to score points and advance through the game's twelve levels by completing each of the sub-games. Most of the 12 levels are named after programming languages: RPG, COBOL, BASIC, FORTRAN, SNOBOL, PL1, PASCAL, ALGOL, ASSEMBLY, OS, JCL, USER.[1] The game supports two players alternating.[1]
At the start of each level, the player must choose between four quadrants, each one corresponding to one of the sub-games. The sub-game in each quadrant is not known to the player until it is selected - if the player fails the game and loses a life, he/she is taken back to this selection screen and an icon representing that game is now visible.
The sub-games are as follows:
I/O Tower
The player must guide Tron to the flashing circle of an Input/Output tower within a set time limit while avoiding or destroying Grid Bugs. This game is based on the I/O Tower scene in the film, while adding the Grid Bugs as enemies (which were only briefly mentioned in the film).
MCP Cone
The player must break through a rotating shield wall protecting the MCP cone and enter the cone without touching any of the shield blocks. This game is based on Tron's final battle with the MCP in the film, but changes the nature of the MCP's shield.
Light Cycles
In a player-vs-AI variant of the Snake game concept, the player guides Tron's blue Light Cycle in an arena against one or more yellow opponents. The objective is to force the enemy light cycles into walls and jet trails, while simultaneously avoiding them. This game is based on the Light Cycle Arena sequence in the film, though the colors of the friendly and enemy characters are reversed. This is the only sub-game in Tron to not use the rotary dial.
Battle Tanks
The player must guide Tron's red battle tank through a maze and destroy all of the opposing blue enemy tanks by hitting each of them three times. The tank can warp to a random location in the maze by moving into a diamond in the center. In higher difficulty levels, the enemy tanks are replaced by red Recognizers that are much faster and attempt to collide with the player instead of shooting at him/her. This game is not based on any particular scene, but is rather based on Tank Program elements, including Clu's failed intrusion into the ENCOM mainframe and the "Space Paranoids" game featured at the beginning of the film.
Reception [ edit ]
Tron was awarded "Coin-Operated Game of the Year" by Electronic Games magazine.[2]
The New York Times reported that 800 arcade cabinets were sold by 1982.[3] The book The naked computer reported that Tron made $45,000,000 by 1983.[4] In USgamer's estimation 10,000 cabinets were sold and the game made more than $30,000,000 of revenue by 1983.[citation needed]
Records [ edit ]
The world record high score for Tron was set in July 2011 by David Cruz of Brandon, Florida. Cruz scored 14,007,645 points based on Twin Galaxies rules and settings for the game.[5]
Legacy [ edit ]
Discs of Tron (1983) is an arcade game which was originally intended as a fifth segment of Tron but was left out because programming was not finished in time.[1] In it, the player engages in disc throwing combat, similar to the film sequence. Discs of Tron was not widely released.
The light cycles segment of Tron has led to snake games sometimes being called "Light Cycles" games, despite the concept dating from 1976. Some post-Tron snake games use themes or terminology from the film.
On January 10, 2008, Tron was released for Xbox Live Arcade, ported by Digital Eclipse and branded by Disney Interactive.
A miniature Tron arcade cabinet showing a looping video of the game's attract screens is featured as a toy in the Tron Legacy pinball machine, released in 2011 by Stern Pinball.
These Bars are a New Old Stock LL Odd Ball find. These Bars come in 2 sizes: Original NOS Odd Ball English Touring Alloy Bar or cut down Fixie Bull Horn size. The original form is some kind of odd Alloy English Touring bar, set proper and upright this bar 19 3/4" wide or 500mm wide and has about a 1 1/2" of rise with a odd downward swoop before it rises. (full size weight approx. 13oz) The Cut Down Fixie Bull Horn size is inverted and trimmed for its New Fixie Bull Horn application. Cut Down Fixie Bull Horn bar is 18 1/4" wide or 465mm wide and swoops back towards the rider before it turns up. (Cutdown weight approx 10oz.) Handlebars are Alloy with a Alloy Silver finish, in classic common size that is 7/8" diameter, and have 7/8" rise with a Traditional Flared 1" or 25.4mm center. 1" Center is common with most all Classic Road and Cruiser applications. These Bars work with our Fashion Road Track Bike Quill Stems and 2 Bolt stems. Bars May Not work with some odd sized French and Italian Stems. The Fixie Bull Horn Size are hand Cut and ground clean, They will have a different finish on the end (its covered up by Tape and bar ends). This Odd Ball Handle bar is is among one of our favorite Custom Fixie bars adding a Unique look to your Ride. These bars are a NOS find when they are gone they are Gone for good. Quality look and performance for your vintage bicycle restoration or custom chopper project or Fixie Fascination.
This is the story of my Rocky Mountain Elk hunt in the White River National Forest of Colorado. I'll remember this trip forever, not just because it was with my Dad, but because of the way I felt when all was said and done.
By Eric Dinger
It was a normal June day at the office when I received a call from my friend, Josh Dahlke, the man behind the Scoutlook app, and host of the internet show The Hunger. Josh had booked a Colorado elk hunt and two of his four guys had backed out. He asked if I'd like to come along and bring a friend.
I don't have a long bucket list, since I pretty much want to go everywhere and do everything, but hunting elk with my Dad had long been the one thing I could name. I'd always claimed I wanted to do so with my bow, but I was happy the opportunity had finally come. Given the hunt was to be largely a public land endeavor and the price to stay in the small private cabin adjoining the White River National Forest near Buford, Colorado was really palatable, I jumped at the chance. Getting my Dad to come along wasn't hard, though he would have to leave for a week in the middle of harvest. For an ag man, that's certainly not ideal timing. A bucket goes dry if the man carrying it waits for that mythical time.
For months I trained for what I expected to be a rigorous hunt. Hundreds of times, I carried my kids up and down the stairs in my house on the pack frame my friend Kevin loaned me. “ELK BODAY!” they'd cheer, precariously strapped to my thinning body. That's boday, not body, and this boday had more than a couple pounds it could stand to lose. A few times we even alarmed a few locals as the two little people and I trekked up and down the hills at a park near our home.
Pulling a trailer fit to move most of our house, Dad swung down to Nebraska from Minnesota and picked me up for the drive 12 hours west to Buford, Colorado.
Arriving in camp brought the usual awe a flatlander feels when he finds himself among real hills. The mountains soared in the distance and the cool, thin air robbed us of our breathe as we unloaded what seemed like most of our worldly belongings into a tiny primitive cabin. We got in just enough scouting on Friday to be sure we had no idea what we'd gotten ourselves into. Josh, his friend Pete, and their cameraman, FaFa, arrived late that afternoon after a tough day of travel and our camp was set. Anxious, we tried to sleep a few hours.
The first morning of the hunt Dad and I headed up the tallest mountain in sight in hopes of getting the lay of the land and possibly spotting an elk. Dad had a knee replacement a few years back, but he'd trained too, and together we huffed and puffed our way through the dark mountain air. Like so many people told me, you're just never ready for that first march through thin air. Arriving at the top we were struck by the vastness of the land from which we were hoping to cull an elk. It was equal parts intimidating and exhilarating.
Born and bred bird hunters, neither of us sit still all that well.
Within a few hours of sunrise, I felt I'd glassed every inch of visible terrain and took off to check-out the other side of the mountain. Later in the hunt Josh would perfectly summarize this curiosity by saying, “I just want to know what's over the next hill.”
There it was in the distance, a mule deer. Or was it a small elk? My heart kicked to overdrive and my hands shook with adrenaline as I nervously glassed the horizon, laying eyes on a small cow elk cresting a hill some 350 yards across a ravine. Then came another, and another, and another as five cows crested the same hill and crossed from private land I couldn't hunt, to public land in which I could. My bull tag burned as I yearned for what I hoped was pushing them. And there he was. As I brought the first bull I'd ever had into my scope my heart felt like it would explode. I wonder now if he could hear my short breath and pounding heart as he hung up on the private side of the fence, a cool 325 yards from where I stood. Resting my gun on a fence post I counted his antlers. 5 on each side. Antlers that seemed to soar into the horizon. He studied me, and I imagine came to the conclusion that no one shaking that bad could be a threat.
Finally, after what felt like a staring contest I just couldn't let myself lose, the bull crossed the fence. I clicked my safety off, steadied my aim for what couldn't have been more than two seconds as he turned broadside, and… off he ran, bounding into the public land vastness after his cows, my unsteady crosshairs trying to find their way to a place in front of him. He didn't stop, and I couldn't get on him, so I didn't shoot. Shaking and sickened, I called down to Dad and told him I was going to cut behind them, try and get north of them so I could get the whipping south wind right and hopefully get a chance to see them again.
It was then I learned that trying to outpace a moving elk in the mountains is a considerably different endeavor than trying to outfox a running South Dakota pheasant. I did what I said I was going to do, walking 400 yards to their east and a nearly a mile north of where I saw them. My lungs made me feel like a truck trying to go 80 on flat tires. After a couple hours of wishful walking, stalking, glassing, shaking, huffing, puffing, and praying, I returned to camp sure I'd blown the only chance I might get all week. I was encouraged that I'd seen elk, and discouraged that I may never see them again. But, I hadn't blown them out with foolhardy crack shot, and I didn't think I'd scared them off too bad.
Three more times I'd climb that same mountain over the next few days, each time hoping the same elk would travel the same path. And, each time other public land hunters had moved 100 yards closer to the spot I'd claimed for myself. It's interesting how we convince ourselves the public land we're hunting is somehow ours because we're there, as if the other guys aren't equal owners in the same parcel. As the week bore on and the miles piled up, my body and spirit weakened with the vision of the bull in my scope and thought he may never cross those hairs again.
The last day of the hunt, I set out to elk hunt bird hunter style. No one was seeing elk, but we knew they were there. Warm weather, high winds, and a bright, beautiful full moon made finding them during the day a near crapshoot. Couple the whims of the earth with the pressure from other earthlings, and the hope in camp was running thin. We were so outmatched, the question “where you're going to hunt tomorrow” became one we all dreaded answering. “They're in the aspens,” Josh and I agreed. So, I got the wind right and took off on what turned out to be a 4 mile hike through White River National Forest.
A few hours later, Dad picked me up on a road deep in the forest with some news that made my stomach sick. He'd been sitting about a half-mile south on the private land that surrounded our cabin. “The guys in your spot shot 4 or 5 times. I don't know if they hit the bull or not, but I think I know where he went. They trespassed on the private ground off east and then left.” I don't get mad very easily, but this was the kind of news I just wasn't ready for.
Dad and I returned to where he'd been sitting and began to glass the area on the adjacent private land where he thought he'd seen the elk bed down. Just as we found him, the ranchers on the neighboring property rolled up in a side-by-side wondering if we were the people who had shot. “No,” said Dad, “some guys up top shot a few times and I think we can see the bull they shot at from here.” The ranchers wondered if he was wounded, though no one knew for sure. Certain now we knew where the bull was bedded, the group spent a few minutes debating whether or not an elk that could see us would stay put if it weren't injured.
“You wanna try and see,” asked Rowdy, the talkative rancher. After spending 4 straight days chasing these mythical public land animals, Dad and I were sure he'd been hit. But, he looked to be healthy and hiding. Dad had seen him move from hiding spot to hiding spot, and no one knew for sure. So, I tenuously said, “I'll go,” not knowing whether this was the kind of thing a rancher gets paid for, if they were truly curious, or if they were angels sent from the east to give this ragged hunter a last-ditch chance to put a stalk on a bull.
The wind was out of the north. The elk was north of where we stood. So, I rode about a half-mile to the east on the ranchers' side-by-side. Together we began the hike up the east side of the mountain.
My thoughts swirled like the wind. I hoped he wasn't injured. I wanted so badly to believe that other hunters wouldn't just leave an injured elk. I wondered why they'd shot if they weren't sure. I reminded myself time and again I didn't know their situation. But, why would he just sit there? Why did they trespass? Were they headed out of the forest to try and get the rancher's permission? What if the elk was injured and they showed up after I've put him out of his misery? I tried to remind myself how many times I'd seen whitetails do the same thing when they were surrounded.
It takes us Nebraskans a while to climb mountains, and my normally still mind used that time to create an emotional chaos. In the brief time I'd shared with these animals, in this place, I'd developed a deep respect for their dignity, their strength, and their undefeated ability to outwit me and all the experienced hunters in our camp. I was finally getting a real chance, and yet I felt a frustrated confusion of emotions.
The time had come. I knew I was getting close, yet strangely there was no shaking, no adrenaline. As I crested the mountain in just the right spot, with just the right wind, I came upon the bull at 9 yards. In a blink, I shot him in the neck, as he hurriedly wheeled to look at me. The exact bull I'd seen the first day of the hunt now lay peacefully, a mortal wound in his neck and a second wound near the bottom of his belly.
In my 36 years, I've learned expectations and reality are seldom in line. Preparing for this hunt I envisioned the work, I envisioned the mountains, and I envisioned smaller versions of the elk I'd seen on the training videos and TV shows I'd watched. This trip was about time with my Dad. It was about the two of us checking one off our bucket list. It was about being away. I tried to train my mind not to expect to shoot an elk, though the optimism would never fully bay. And when I did let myself go there, I expected to feel like I did when I shot a deer, shaking with the feeling of a fair hunt ending successfully.
I didn't.
Seeing the elk was wounded sent my mind in all directions. Knowing then it was the same elk I'd seen earlier in the week made me feel disappointed, mad, nervous, responsible, and countless other emotions as the seconds passed. The ranchers who had now joined me atop the mountain joyfully pointed out the unique brow tine on his left side, and looked at me quizzically as I sat down a few feet above where he lay. Arriving in Colorado, I wanted to kill my first elk and I wanted to do it right, of my own accord. As the week wore on I graduated to wanting kill this specific elk, the animal that had become the symbol of the reverence I'd gained. In that moment, doing so in that way, felt shallow.
As I sat above the massive animal, looking at the gut wound, I knew I had done the right thing. I wasn't at all disappointed to put my tag on him. I just wanted better for him. Admittedly, that's a complicated thing to comprehend, since I wanted to kill him. But, I'd gone toe-to-toe with him, and he almost surely would have won, but for the fact he was hurt. I know it's strange, but even as I write I feel deeply sad for him.
Looking back I have two additional feelings.
I feel happy for several reasons. My kids spent many hours helping me train, and it has been rewarding to see them connect with the concept of meeting a goal. I feel happy because I got to spend the weekend preparing meat for the freezer – meat my family and friends will get to enjoy. I feel happy because I got what I came for in time with my Dad, in being away, in a sense of adventure. I'm happy I got an elk.
Reverence is the word to best describe the other feeling I have today. Hunting has always been a part of who I am, but elk hunting is a different experience than any I've had to date. The Rocky Mountain Elk, living wild on the public land you and I own, can provide a person all the mental and physical challenge they're willing to accept. In getting beat I grew a meaningful connection to this animal, and his home range. In unraveling the story of this whole experience, I believe I grew a deeper appreciation for what it means to be a hunter.
21k
This article is over 4 years old
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper tells US senators there is a worrying trend of conflict between China's neighbours over expansion
China is expanding its outposts in the South China Sea to include stationing for ships and potential airfields as part of its “aggressive” effort to exert sovereignty, the US intelligence chief said Thursday.
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper was speaking at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on worldwide threats. His comments underscore US concern over land reclamation activities that could fuel tensions between China and its neighbours over disputed islands and reefs.
“Although China is looking for stable ties with the United States it's more willing to accept bilateral and regional tensions in pursuit of its interests, particularly on maritime sovereignty issues,” Clapper said.
He described China's claims traced by a so-called nine-dash line a rough boundary covering more than 80 percent of the South China Sea as “exorbitant.”
The US is not a claimant of territory in the South China Sea but does claim a national interest in the peaceful resolution of the disputes in a region crucial for world trade.
China says its territorial claims have a historical basis and objects to what it considers US meddling.
Sen John McCain, the committee's Republican chairman, displayed commercial satellite imagery showing expansion of the Chinese-occupied Gaven Reef in the Spratly Islands in the past year.
He said China's expansion could allow it to employ weaponry, including anti-air and other capabilities.
Clapper said China was still in a construction phase so it was unclear what weaponry or forces it might deploy there.
He said such Chinese activities in the past year-and-a-half, combined with oil drilling near disputed islands that caused conflict with Vietnam, was a “worrying trend.”
The Centre for Strategic and International Studies last week said Vietnam, Malaysia and Taiwan have over the years modified existing land masses in the South China Sea, and the Philippines is planning to upgrade an airport and pier on an island it occupies.
But among the claimants, China is unusual in how it has been “dramatically changing the size and structure of physical land features,” the think tank said.
China has had a troop and supply garrison at Gaven Reef since 2003, but it began significant construction there last year, building a new artificial island, more than 18 acres in size. The main building on the new island appears to have an anti-aircraft tower, the center said.
This architectural concept was designed by GRAFT for the Viking Ship Museum in Oslo to create a unique outdoor museum complex in the center of the Bygdøy peninsula.
Architect: GRAFT
Location: Oslo, Norway
Year: 2016
GFA: 13.000 sqm
Follow the architects: The long and vivid history of the Viking Museum and its presented findings unfold in a continuous motion within and around the new landscape that houses the extension. The draft aims to protect the residents' and visitors' view of the area in the north while sensitively augmenting the landscape features on the given site.
Respecting the urban scale of the neighborhood, the new museum is integrating its new volumetric program within a topological form, blending itself into the park-like landscape surrounding the historical building and the more open land north of the site. By pushing the new development underground, the neighborhood character is not altered by a new, large building, but preserves the existing visitors' experience.
GRAFT's design for the museum's extension maintains and accentuates the essence and character of the original building, designed by Arnstein Arneberg in 1932. Contrary to the existing, relatively closed building, the museum is integrated into the landscape and invites visitors inside. The extension will, in its architecture, function as an open heart integrated into the landscape and building concept, giving the icon trail, the three Viking ships, and the special exhibition space a new environment as well as a new point of view towards Arneberg's museum. The heritage of the museum building itself is exposed as a ship in the waves.
Like a Viking ship on the sea, Arneberg's building floats inside the grassy roof-scape of its extension. The expression of the new landscape and roof of the project acts as a reference to the museum's vessels crossing a vivid sea, but also become a reminder of the Viking's traditional ship graves and burial hills, in where the three vessels were found. The visitors can now experience the excitement of the ship's finding and the full vast and elaborative collection of the museum in a newly interpreted way.
The structural design supports the architectural concept by actively using the intended geometry for an integrated structural solution. It consists of a large span, free form shell roof, which aims to primarily carry its own load via a careful modelling of the support points, the edge beams and the curvature of the shell.
Once inside the structure, a newly designed “Icon Trail” leads the visitors through the new museum. Chronologically ordered, it opens up to the visitor in the museum's big rotunda, giving an introduction with the Vikings' concept of death and afterlife. Therefore the roof-lights can suggest an architectonical interpretation of the entrance to Valhalla, adding up to the sacral narrative of the historic building and overlaying the experience with the findings of the three Viking graves.
> Guggenheim Museum: A connection of architecture and nature
> The Museum of Middle Eastern Modern Art by UNStudio
Pittsburgh metro area named one of nation's least diverse
It would be hard for any metropolitan area to be whiter than Pittsburgh.
It's so hard, in fact, that of the 100 largest metro areas in the United States, only one has a smaller share of blacks, Hispanics and Asians -- the Scranton-Wilkes Barre region of northeastern Pennsylvania.
A new Brookings Institution report released last week, examining 2010 census data on how Americans identified race and ethnicity, found that southwestern Pennsylvania is whiter even than the Amish country around Lancaster, the Mormon population center of Salt Lake City, Midwest agrarian capitals such as Des Moines, Iowa, and far more isolated places like Boise, Idaho.
It is not stunningly new data for this former melting pot -- findings from the 2000 census were much the same -- but what might be eye-opening is that the pace of change toward greater diversity is even slower here than for all those places above, as well as the rest of America.
The report called "The New Metro Minority Map," by demographer William Frey, found that the 87 percent white population of greater Pittsburgh -- Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler, Fayette, Washington and Westmoreland counties -- is exceeded only by Scranton's 89 percent. The report noted 8 percent of metro Pittsburgh's population identified themselves as black, 2 percent as Asian and 1 percent as Hispanic.
Pittsburgh nudged down only slightly during the decade from its 89 percent white share in 2000, whereas the smaller Scranton area shifted more dramatically from a 96 percent white population 10 years earlier.
Among similarly sized cities to which Pittsburgh is frequently compared, Cincinnati went from 85 percent white to 82, Cleveland from 75 percent to 72, Milwaukee from 74 percent to 69, and Baltimore from 66 percent to 60.
For those who might wonder why any of this would matter, the Pittsburgh region has continued to lose population while growth in virtually every other city has been fueled by the influx and birth rates of immigrants and other minorities.
The report found that non-whites and Hispanics (who can count themselves as either black or white on the census form) accounted for 98 percent of population growth in the 100 metro areas from 2000 to 2010. In 65 of those, whites' share of the overall population declined by at least 5 percentage points.
Mr. Frey said in an interview that Pittsburgh is bound to change like everyplace else -- it's just taking longer to get here.
"This is the wave of our demographic future in this country, and it's absolutely going to happen in Pittsburgh," he said. "The one thing Pittsburgh has the luxury of knows it can see this minority change is coming along, whereas in some places it's come very rapidly -- maybe too rapidly for populations to accept and assimilate. A place like Pittsburgh can prepare."
The migration responsible for such growth is typically fueled by job opportunities, particularly for people in their 20s and 30s who are the most mobile. While the Pittsburgh region's economy has done better than the rest of the country in the past few years, that was not the case for most of the 2000-10 period, or for prior decades since the steel industry's collapse began.
The lack of jobs to lure newcomers has given little chance to create the kind of base of migrants that would help attract others to follow in their wake. Even in Allegheny County, easily the most diverse of the metropolitan area's counties, Hispanics are still just 1.6 percent of the population despite 71 percent growth during the decade.
Larry Davis, dean of the University of Pittsburgh's School of Social Work, said one downside is the inertia that can come from such a stagnant population.
"It's the interface of cultures that creates energy and synergism for new ideas," he said. "If you value diversity, you realize that those places that have it have become more vibrant."
On the other hand, he said, the stability of Pittsburgh's population has been a strength in creating a bond between people and their communities. Newcomers might not have the same sense of pride and attachment.
Most migration to cities has come from outsiders sensing opportunities there, rather than locally organized efforts to attract them. Nonetheless, Pittsburgh community leaders created a private, nonprofit group, Vibrant Pittsburgh, which has worked on marketing the region for the past few years with a welcome message to the underrepresented, diverse populations.
Melanie Harrington, the organization's CEO, said the Brookings Institution report would not reflect the strides southwestern Pennsylvania has made in attracting migrants in the past few years.
"We have so many decades to overcome when we had significant out-migration of talent across all ethnic and racial groups," she said. "Once we put on the map the fact that opportunities are here ... then people will take another look, and we'll continue to see migration pick up. We just need to continue to hit it hard."
The full report, "The New Metro Minority Map," can be found at brookings.edu.
First published on September 5, 2011 at 12:00 am
Buddhists in Japan — aided by an Irishman — established the religion's first Western mission in London, according to research by a team of academics in Ireland and Japan.
The recent discovery overturns the long-held assumption that the first Buddhist mission in the West was set up in California in 1899.
Brian Bocking, one of the team members from University College Cork, said in an interview: “It's a rather remarkable discovery. It transforms the story of how Buddhism first came to the West.”
The London mission was set up in October 1889 and educated thousands of people in Buddhism years before similar establishments were set up on America's West Coast, according to the researchers.
The story starts with a group of internationally minded Buddhists in Kyoto who were keen to modernize their religion, emphasize its universal appeal and make it into a world faith like Christianity.
They distributed a magazine overseas that was spotted by a man in London called Charles Pfoundes. He had already spent long periods in Japan and was an expert on its culture and on Buddhism.
He offered to become a representative of the Japanese Buddhist Propagation Society in London with the aim of propagating the beliefs of the True Pure Land sect.
The society was based in Pfoundes' central London home. He gave talks around the country and contributed articles for a variety of publications. He was not paid for his work to promote Buddhism and during the day he worked as a civil servant.
Bocking, a professor of religious studies, said many Victorians at that time were questioning their Christian beliefs and looking for alternatives.
“This was the age of science and there was a spiritual crisis, with a lot of people questioning whether God existed,” Bocking said. “Buddhism appeared rational and nondogmatic, and the message was ‘you don't have to have God to be good.'
“Pfoundes argued Buddhism was more respectable intellectually than Christianity and the evidence of this was the way in which it had formed the character of people living in Asia,” he added.
On Oct. 25, 1889, Pfoundes wrote to one of his Japanese colleagues: “There are many who don't believe in Christianity. It is easy to have large audiences with Buddhism lectures.”
Many people were receptive to the new religion and he planned to “instruct” some young Englishmen to go off and teach Buddhism around the world.
He also spent a lot of his time challenging self-proclaimed experts on Buddhism who had in fact never visited Japan or studied the religion. Bocking says Pfoundes, who also gave talks on Japanese culture, was important in countering the view among some Victorians that people from East Asia were somehow intellectually or morally inferior.
Despite his success as a public speaker and at educating thousands of people on Buddhism, Pfoundes never felt completely fulfilled. He was competing with the lure of a number of other “new” religions and he did not have any of the obvious manifestations of Buddhism, such as a temple where people could undertake rituals and be converted to the new faith.
Pfoundes left for Japan in November 1892. A year later he was ordained as a Buddhist priest. He died in 1907 and is buried in the foreigners' cemetery in Kobe.
The very fact that the mission was so short-lived has meant that historians failed to record it. That was, however, until Bocking and his colleagues came across papers from the London mission and realized its significance to the spread of Buddhism in the West.
Pfoundes was born to Irish Anglicans in 1840 in southeast Ireland. His parents were bankrupted by the Irish Potato Famine and he emigrated to Australia alone at the age of 14 and joined the colonial navy.
He first traveled to Japan in 1863 and remained there until his return to London in 1878.
While in Japan he changed his name to Pfoundes, reflecting the Japanese spelling of his original surname, Pounds, and quickly became fluent in Japanese. He first worked as a British policeman in Nagasaki and later became a mediator between the Japanese government and foreign diplomats. On his return to Britain, he worked at the Admiralty.
It was during his first stint in Japan that Pfoundes developed an interest in Buddhism and he stayed in several monasteries.
The academics came across this discovery while researching the early spread of Buddhism to the West. The team also includes Laurence Cox of Maynooth University, Ireland, and Shinichi Yoshinaga of Maizuru National College of Technology in Kyoto Prefecture.
A new study suggests that protein knots, a structure whose formation remains a mystery, may have specific functional advantages that depend on the nature of the protein's architecture.
"The presence of a knotted or slipknotted structure in a protein is relatively rare but really is very interesting," said Kenneth Millett, a professor of mathematics at UC Santa Barbara and a co-author of the paper, "Conservation of complex knotting and slipknotting patterns in proteins," published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Relatively little is known about protein folding, the process by which a polypeptide chain with a specific sequence of amino acid chains forms the three-dimensional structures -- their "native states" -- required to become functional. How this process reproducibly achieves the required structure is the subject of intensive study. Even harder is understanding how this is accomplished for knotted proteins, where the chain loops around itself in entanglements of varying complexity; or the even rarer slipknotted proteins, where a loop is bound by another segment of the protein chain, similar to a shoelace bow.
What intrigued the scientists about the protein knots is that the folding process resulting in the formation of knots is intrinsically more difficult than the process producing unknotted proteins. The protein has to avoid not only energetic traps but also topological barriers. If an amino acid chain takes too much time to find its native state or if it is stuck in a misfolded or partially unfolded state, the result may be a useless protein or one that produces harm by causing protein aggregation which is known to cause neurodegenerative disorders.
"From an evolutionary point of view, knotting might seem unlikely to occur but, in fact, it does occur," said Millett, who, along with co-first authors Joanna Sulkowska from UC San Diego and Eric J. Rawdon from the University of Saint Thomas and with Jose N. Onuchic from Rice University and Andrzej Stasiak from the University of Lausanne, examined, analyzed, and classified 74,223 protein structures submitted to the Protein Data Bank for the location and formation of knots. Millett worked on the development of the mathematical theory and the computer implementation needed to identify the location and type of knots in the proteins studied in the paper.
What they found was that protein knots and slipknots, instead of being discarded through the process of evolution, are often strongly conserved. This suggests that, despite their reduced efficiency of folding, the knots are somehow advantageous and important to the function of the protein.
Additionally, the researchers found that the location of these knots and slipknots is highly conserved, marked by points of flexibility -- "hinges" -- in the chain that may have properties necessary for more efficient folding.
Knots and slipknots could contribute to the stability of the protein, as shown by the similar slipknot loops observed in several families of proteins that form transmembrane channels -- the ducts through membranes of a cell, that allow certain materials to pass through. The slipknot, according to the authors, seems to strap together several transmembrane structures giving stability and forming the channel needed to allow passage through cell membranes.
The researchers will continue their study of the little-understood process of protein folding and knotting, said Millett.
"These knots may help to identify features that turn out to be important, and aspects of the structure that are more generalizable. We need to clearly understand how these things come to be, what are the implications of their structure, and how might one be able to somehow guide them," said Millett.
A USAF F-100D Super Sabre using a zero-length-launch system
The zero-length launch system or zero-length take-off system (ZLL, ZLTO, ZEL, ZELL) was a system whereby jet fighters and attack aircraft were intended to be placed on short-burn duration, often solid-fuel, "dropaway" rocket booster units, deployed with mobile launch platforms. Most zero length launch experiments took place in the 1950s, during the Cold War.
History [ edit ]
The primary advantage of a zero-length launch system is the elimination of the need for a vulnerable airfield for takeoffs. In the event of a sudden attack, air forces could field effective air defenses and launch airstrikes even with their own airbases destroyed. Although launching aircraft using rocket boosters proved to be relatively trouble-free, if aircraft were required to land at the same base, a runway was still required. Bulky mobile launching platforms also proved to be expensive to operate and difficult to transport. Security would also have been an issue with mobile launchers, especially if equipped with nuclear-armed strike fighters.
F-84 during ZELL testing
The United States Air Force, the Bundeswehr's Luftwaffe, and the Soviets' VVS all conducted experiments in zero-length launching. The first manned aircraft to be ZELL-launched was an F-84G in 1955.[1] The Soviets' main interest in ZELL was for point defense-format protection of airfields and critical targets using MiG-19s. The American tests with the F-84s started with using the Martin MGM-1 Matador solid-fuel boost motor of some 240 kilonewton (52,000 lbf) thrust output, which burned out seconds after ignition and dropped away from the manned fighter a second or two later; the larger F-100 Super Sabre and MiG-19/SM-30 "Farmer" tests (with the SM-30 using the Soviet-design PRD-22R booster unit) used similar short-burn solid fueled boost motors, of much more powerful 600 kN (135,000 lbf) thrust-class output levels.[2] All works upon ZELL aircraft were abandoned due to logistical concerns and the increasing efficiency of guided missiles.
Manned aircraft involved in ZELL testing [ edit ]
A Lockheed F-104G during tests at Edwards Air Force Base
The desire to field combat aircraft without depending on vulnerable landing strips also motivated development of aircraft capable of vertical (VTOL) or short (STOL) takeoffs or landings. Examples of these include British Hawker Siddeley Harrier, Soviet Yak-38 (both serially produced) and American McDonnell Douglas F-15 STOL/MTD.
See also [ edit ]
Bachem Ba 349 World War II vertical launch rocket interceptor
JATO
In 2011, the alpine town of Jasper, Alberta received its dark sky preserve designation, or DSP, from the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada. The designation, which restricts levels of artificial light and light pollution in the region, protects one of Jasper's most attractive assets: Jasper National Park, an 11,000-square-kilometre swath of wilderness, already a UNESCO World Heritage site, and more specifically, the sky above it. In the years since the DSP came into effect, Jasper has celebrated all things celestial with an annual Dark Sky Festival, which will welcome 15,000 star-watchers (that's over three times Jasper's population) to ogle the cosmos this October.
“October is the perfect month for stargazing, as the nights get longer, leaving more opportunity for stargazers to enjoy the truly dark skies of Jasper,” says Lauren Graham of Tourism Jasper. “Jasper has the second largest dark sky preserve in the world, and offers visitors a unique perspective of the natural night sky—without the limitations of light pollution.”
“October is the perfect month for stargazing…”
The 10-day festival includes both daytime and nighttime activities, and a host of fun and educational events from open-air concerts and symphonies, to yoga under the stars, and numerous speakers and panel discussions. “This year's festival includes the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra, jazz legends Tommy Banks and PJ Perry, keynote speakers Brian Cox and Phil Plait, and an exceptional panel of experts,” says Graham.
The stars of the show, however, are clearly the stars themselves—and perhaps a sighting of the Northern Lights, if you're lucky. Whether you're an astrophile or a budding stargazer, the experience of standing near Maligne Lake (the world's second largest glacier-fed lake), with snow-capped mountains and pristine evergreen forest on all sides, taking in the vastness of unobstructed, heavenward views is certain to leave you star-struck.
The Dark Sky Festival runs from October 13 to 22, 2017.
_________
Never miss a story. Sign up for NUVO's weekly newsletter, here.
Travel is so important, and no one knows this better than this adorable sea creature.
A very curious sea lion wandered the streets of the Australian South East town of Port MacDonnell on Monday. The locals seemed to really enjoy their new tourist who appeared to be taking a nice summer stroll to see the sights.
A curious sea lion has entertained locals on the streets of the South East town of Port MacDonnell. Details in 7 News at 4pm and 6pm. pic.twitter.com/wePe3Ykj16 — 7 News Adelaide (@7NewsAdelaide) August 1, 2017
Port MacDonnell residents had an unlikely tourist wandering around their seaside town. Details in 7 News at 4pm and 6pm. pic.twitter.com/l9bOZGImye — 7 News Adelaide (@7NewsAdelaide) August 1, 2017
Eventually it was time for the thrill-seeker to return to the great blue sea, not exactly willingly though. Dog catchers had to use a stick and bin to coerce the sea lion to waddle back home.
Tourism in the south east had a strange boost - an unlikely tourist waddled straight down the main street of Port MacDonnell. #7News pic.twitter.com/CPOwFuZIyE — 7 News Adelaide (@7NewsAdelaide) August 1, 2017
While the little buddy is pretty cute, it should be noted that it might have wandered into the town searching for food because of human encroachment, overpopulation, or some other ecological hardship.
We wonder if the sea lion will return with some friends to show them his favorite tourist attractions.
Four men accused of raping a 19-year-old woman on her way back from coaching class in October were on Saturday sentenced to life imprisonment till death by a fast-track court.
The four men stood silently as additional district and sessions judge Savita Dube delivered her verdict.
The accused had waylaid the victim while she was returning home from the coaching institute around 7pm on October 31. They dragged her to a secluded place and gang-raped her. They also snatched her mobile phone and jewellery.
The victim, in her statement to the police, said the accused tried to strangle her after the rape. Though they left the spot thinking she was dead, the survivor later returned home and informed her parents about the incident.
The survivor -- a UPSC aspirant and the daughter of a police couple – was forced to make repeated visits to police stations as officers argued over jurisdiction in the case. Though the woman was raped barely 200 metres from the Habibganj government railway police (GRP) station, officials insisted the crime scene fell in the MP Nagar police station limits. A flawed medical report later said the ‘sex was consensual'.
After an FIR was filed following public outrage and action against erring officials, the police investigation into the incident was completed within 15 days.
The chargesheet in the case was presented on November 16 and the four accused were booked under Section 376 (2) N (raping repeatedly) and other IPC sections pertaining to gang rape, attempted murder, kidnapping, causing injury and snatching valuables.
First Published: Dec 23, 2017 14:37 IST
A beverage company's combination of French and English words under its bottle caps as part of a fun game for customers ended disastrously this week when an Edmonton woman unscrewed her Vitaminwater and saw the message “YOU RETARD” under the cap.
Blake Loates was at dinner with her husband on Tuesday when she saw the offensive message, thinking it to be the work of a prankster or disgruntled employee.
“We immediately thought ‘You have got to be kidding me,'” she told the Huffington Post Alberta.
“We were both really, really shocked,” she told The Canadian Press. “This is Coca-Cola, this is a big brand.”
Her father, Doug, was even more upset, given that his two younger daughters Maddi and Fiona both live with disabilities.
Maddi is visually impaired “but gets along just fine,” Doug Loates wrote in an angry letter to Coca-Cola, Vitaminwater's parent company.
“Fiona has a tougher time of it. She has had 22 surgeries. She has Cerebral Palsy and still gets fed with a feeding tube. She is cognitively delayed. Fifty years ago they might have called her retarded. But we know better now, don't we?”
Doug included a photo of his daughter Fiona with the letter and asked, “Can you imagine if SHE had opened this bottle???”
Coca-Cola issued an apology to the family on Wednesday, explaining the error as a random coupling of the English word “you” and the French word “retard,” which means to slow or delay.
We are certainly very apologetic for this oversight
“We did not mean to offend at all,” Shannon Denny, spokesperson for Coca-Cola Refreshment Canada, told Metro News. “We are certainly very apologetic for this oversight.”
On its website, Vitaminwater explains the promotion as “word play” meant to provide an inspirational boost to the thirsty.
“We love a little word play and all the brilliant combinations different words have to offer so we placed randomly selected words… under each cap. Check out our labels for a little inspiration and let us know what kind of fun you come up with!” reads the FAQ section of the Vitaminwater Canada's website.
In some alternate universe where people play word games with bottle caps, English speakers would collect and create phrases with the English words while French speakers would do the same with the French words. Although the words under Vitaminwater caps were reviewed, they were only checked for proper spelling in their own language, not for what they might say when printed next to their counterparts.
“When you look at the same word in English, it takes an offensive connotation,” Denny told Metro.
Coca-Cola has since destroyed all the remaining bottle caps and ended the promotion, which, frankly, didn't sound like that much fun anyway.
The leader of the Salafi movement in Bosnia Herzegovina, one of the largest Islamist communities in the country, has called on young Muslims to join the ranks of Isis (known as the Islamic State) in Iraq and Syria.
Bilal Bosnic was filmed in the area of Cazinska Krajina in northwestern Bosnia preaching beneath an Isis black flag that "the truth and the Islamic State survive despite so many attacks of those who are confused and those who fight against the truth". He then urged fellow Muslims to join the jihadists fighting to establish a caliphate between Syria and Iraq.
But when interviewed by the Avaz news site, the cleric retracted his comments, claiming that journalists misinterpreted his words.
Hundreds of Muslims from Albania, Kosovo, Macedonia, Albania and Bosnia are reported to have gone to pursue jihad in Syria and Iraq.
At the end of July, a leading Albanian jihadist fighting in Syria posted photos of himself on social media in which he beheads a young man who he claims was a spy. A recent IS video showed a Kosovo jihadist along with other Balkans fighters destroying their passports after vowing to extend the caliphate to Rome and Spain.
Salafism was imported in Bosnia during the 1992-1995 Bosnian War with Saudi financing. A fringe and marginalised movement, it is nonetheless very vocal and organised, with websites, Facebook pages and public gatherings.
Bosniaks (Bosnian Muslims) have become increasingly frustrated in the country for economic, social and political reasons. Radical Islamists have exploited the frustration among the youths to foster the appeal of Sharia law.
The other leader of Bosnia's Wahhabi community, Nusret Imamovic, was reported as saying to a crowd of 500 people in Tuzla earlier this week: "Unlike secularism and democracy, we say there is only one truth - law of Allah and Shari'a," according to Radio Free Liberty/Radio Europe. He was joined by Bosnic who criticised democracy with harsh words.
Many Bosniak fighters reportedly joined the al-Qaeda affiliated al-Nusra front in Syria in the struggle against Assad. In June, Bosnia passed a law to ban their citizens fighting in foreign wars. Joining jihad now constitutes criminal offence in the country with 10 years in jail, and Kosovo is reported to planning to implement the same.
According to some estimates, about 50 young men travelled to Syria from Bosnia and 32 have already come back.
The Brussels-based International Crisis Group (ICG) called Islamism and nationalism in Bosnia "a dangerous tango", although Wahhabist movements in the country are still "small and fragmented".
Adam Caplan breaks down Josh Norman's deal with the Redskins, which makes Norman the highest paid cornerback in the NFL and guarantees $51.1 million. (2:00)
All-Pro cornerback Josh Norman has signed with the Washington Redskins, the team said Friday, to a deal for five years and $75 million, a source told ESPN NFL Insider Adam Schefter.
The contract includes $51.1 million guaranteed, a source told ESPN's Ed Werder, the most ever for a cornerback.
Norman's average salary per season will be $15 million, eclipsing Patrick Peterson's contract with the Arizona Cardinals ($14.01 million annually) to make Norman the highest-paid cornerback in the NFL.
"I'm looking forward to getting back to the playoffs here," Norman said in an interview with the team's "Redskins Nation" show on CSN Mid-Atlantic. "You guys went last year. I'm looking forward to going even deeper into the playoffs and then the Super Bowl. That's our motto, that's here, that's the goal. That's the ultimate goal."
Norman stated emphatically that he wanted to win "the granddaddy of them all" with Washington -- and he wasn't referring to the Rose Bowl.
"I want to win the Super Bowl," Norman said. "And I'm not going to stop until I get back there. Because I know I will one day and then make the wrong a right."
Norman, 28, tweeted a series of emoji in the wake of the news, and the Redskins posted several photos, including two of Norman signing his deal.
Several new teammates congratulated Norman and welcomed him to Washington, including fellow cornerback DeAngelo Hall.
Let me be the first to say Welcome to the Family @J_No24. Can't wait to watch @J_No24 @Salute_me17 @Cullyinthehouse do work #HTTR 4 Life 😎 — DeAngelo Hall (@DeAngeloHall23) April 22, 2016
Two days after the Carolina Panthers rescinded the franchise tag on Norman, making him a free agent, he had narrowed his choice to the Redskins or New Orleans Saints, sources earlier told Schefter.
Helping Hands in Washington How will All-Pro CB Josh Norman help in Washington? The Redskins allowed opponents to complete 47.0 percent of passes at least 15 yards downfield last season, 26th in the NFL.
Redskins Pass Defense - 15 Yards Downfield Last Season Totals Rank Comp pct 47.0 26th Yds per att 13.9 29th Pass TD 14 31st -- ESPN Stats & Information
"It came out of nowhere. It really did," Norman told "Redskins Nation" on Friday night. "I got sideswiped. I didn't see it coming."
The Saints had approached Drew Brees about restructuring his contract Friday, but it became moot when they were unable to land Norman, a source told Schefter.
Norman visited the Redskins' facility in Ashburn, Virginia, on Friday. Earlier in the afternoon and Thursday, Washington players had used Twitter to try to persuade Norman to sign. After the agreement was reached, he posed for pictures with family members and Redskins general manager Scot McCloughan.
"When we played you guys last year, y'all was competing all the way until the bitter end. It was no let-up," Norman said in the TV interview. "You guys had the fight in you all. You're a playoff team. It was in the thick of things. And one piece here, one piece there, you guys can do what Carolina [did] when they went to the Super Bowl last year."
Despite the Norman signing, Washington remains 40-1 to win Super Bowl 51 and 20-1 to win the NFC at the Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook.
Norman's regular-season debut will be on ESPN's Monday Night Football on Sept. 12 against the Pittsburgh Steelers. He will face his former team, the Panthers, on Dec. 19, also a Monday night. And joining the NFC East means two matchups against nemesis Odell Beckham Jr. and the New York Giants (Sept. 25, Jan. 1), as well as Dez Bryant and the Dallas Cowboys (Sept. 18, Nov. 24).
Norman had a career-high four interceptions, 16 passes defensed and 56 tackles last season for the NFC champion Panthers.
On Thursday, Carolina general manager Dave Gettleman said the Panthers chose to rescind Norman's tag because of the flexibility the team would have without him counting toward its salary-cap number. Gettleman also said it was unlikely the team would reach a long-term deal with Norman.
"For my old teammates that I had, oh my gosh, I'm gonna miss them dearly," Norman said Friday. "... Being somewhere 28 years all your life and just in a blink of an eye, gone, just like that."
The Panthers had placed the tag on Norman last month, guaranteeing him $13.952 million in 2016. But Norman never signed it and was planning to skip at least the first part of offseason workouts, which begin Monday.
According to a league source, Norman was seeking a long-term deal worth between $15 million and $16 million a year with Carolina, an estimate based on what could be had on the open market. The Panthers made one offer for close to $11 million and never moved off that mark, according to the source.
Information from ESPN's Adam Caplan, David Newton and John Keim, ESPN Stats & Information and The Associated Press was used in this report.
Holy high tax plan! The latest CBC poll-tracker projects the NDP is just 35 seats shy of an overall majority.
A series of polls — perhaps the collective noun should be a guesstimate — puts the New Democrats in a clear lead, powered by support in Quebec and British Columbia.
NDP types are bullish.
The Liberals are worried that the anti-Harper vote is crystallizing behind Tom Mulcair and the party is poised to make gains in almost every province. Meanwhile, the leader is performing well, attracting boisterous crowds and enjoying himself. “Everything feels good right now — numbers, ground, air,” said one senior party figure.
New Democrats are revelling in the feeling of being No. 1 — so much so, it feels almost a shame to rain on their parade.
But there are signs the momentum that propelled them into the lead may be waning.
The source of future New Democrat pain is likely to be Ontario, the place where all the seats are. The weekly Nanos tracking poll has the NDP in third place in the province at 21 per cent. Ominously, that number has been slipping week by week since it hit 30 per cent in mid-July.
The Conservatives say they retain residual strength in Ontario, despite their recent travails, and their main opponent there remains the Liberals.
Nik Nanos says that Ontario voters are deeply pragmatic, with many still hostile to the New Democrats — to the point where we could see strategic voting between supporters of the two old-line parties to keep NDP candidates from winning.
The problem for the NDP is that its vote is not efficient — something that may not be being picked up by the seat projection models. There is no use racking up most of the seats in Quebec, if you are not winning in Ontario.
To his credit, while keeping his heart light and hopeful, Mulcair appears to be expecting the worst.
By ruling out running deficits and ratcheting back expectations of large corporate tax increases, he is trying to re-assure voters in Ontario in particular that the NDP will not attempt any high-wire social engineering experiments at a time of global economic fragility.
The Liberals are now to the left of the New Democrats by some measure, on issues ranging from taxation to budget financing
In doing so, he has opened himself up to Liberal attacks of choosing austerity overinvestment. The Liberals are now to the left of the New Democrats by some measure, on issues ranging from taxation to budget financing.
Mulcair has committed himself to scrapping the Conservative income-splitting plan and imposing a “slight but gradual” increase in corporate income tax rates to a level below the 10-year average of the Harper years, which is around 17.5 per cent (rates are currently 15 per cent).
How he plans to finance his national childcare plan, the maintenance of the six per cent escalator on health-care transfers and his other spending plans, while maintaining a balanced budget, remains opaque. What is clear is that this is not the same NDP that promised to nationalize the banks, far less the party that Brian Mulroney once claimed would nationalize the Harry Rosen menswear chain.
Mulcair was in London, Ont., Tuesday, promoting his innovation tax credit for the manufacturing sector. There has been more talk about tax credits and small business tax cuts than there has been about traditional NDP hobby-horses, like income inequality.
Mulcair is aware that belief in frothy polls has its own perils. He and his smart election team know that voters are worried about jobs and growth and taxes.
He is giving up ground on his left flank, with no guarantees that he will be able to persuade voters to re-assess prejudices that were formed more than 20 years ago.
The kicking-in of the rotten PC door by Rachel Notley in Alberta allowed progressive voters to dream that even longshots can make it.
That helped to propel the federal NDP to the unprecedented heights it currently enjoys.
Mulcair's solid, avuncular presence — unscathed by Conservative attack ads — has allayed many of the anxieties the party might have expected to encounter.
But we are a long way from election day — and perhaps still further from the day when he can command his troops to return to their ridings and prepare for majority government.
National Post
• Email: jivison@nationalpost.com | Twitter: IvisonJ
A Nazi soldier on the western front in 1944. The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration American G.I. John Frankemolle was guarding a group of captured German soldiers in Europe during World War II when an intelligence officer handed him an interrogation of prisoner of war (IPW) report. The officer told Frankemolle to keep the papers to himself and give it back to him after reading it — but that was the last time the two ever saw each other.
Seventy years later, 90-year-old Frankemolle still has that report, which he stored in his Long Island home alongside photos and mementos from his period of service with the U.S. Navy Armed Guard. The two-page Special IPW Report, titled The Odyssey of Goetz Von Berlightngen, is an English translation of a first-hand account written by an unnamed Nazi Schutzstaffel (SS) staff officer in the presence of his American interrogators.
Frankemolle believes he may have one of the last copies of that forgotten document, which his family agreed to share with Business Insider.
Nazi SS combat troops were Hitler's most diehard and elite soldiers, still notorious for their wartime atrocities. But this officer's account reveals that he and his comrades fought hard — but suffered from waning morale in the months following the Allies' successful D-Day invasion of the European mainland on June 6, 1944.
You can find the full document at the bottom. But here are the highlights of a jarringly intimate glimpse into the enemy camp during World War II.
Heading to the front
The officer's unit, the 17th SS Panzer Grenadier Division— named after a spelling variation of the medieval German knight Götz von Berlichingen — headed from Thouars, France, to Normandy to fight the Allied forces landing there. "Everyone was in a good mood and eager to see action again — happy that the preinvasion spell of uncertainty and waiting had snapped at last," the German SS officer wrote.
As the motorized column traveled along French roads, it was ambushed from the air by an enemy it had never encountered before.
"Something happened that left us in a daze," the officer wrote. "Spouts of fire flicked along the column and splashes of dust staccatoed the road. Everyone was piling out of the vehicles and scuttling for the neighboring fields. Several vehicles already were in flames."
The startled soldiers only continued their march after 15 minutes of strafing and bombing. "The men started drifting back to the column again, pale and shaky and wondering that they had survived this fiery rain of bullets. Had that been a sign of things to come? This had been our first experience with the 'Jabos' (Fighter bombers)."
An hour later a second and more effective air attack left the French road strewn with destroyed vehicles and equipment. The officer had this to say:
It dawned on us that this opponent that had come to the beach of Normandy was of somewhat different form. The march was called off, and all vehicles that were left were hidden in the dense bushes or in barns. No one dared show himself out in the open anymore. Now the men started looking at each other. The first words passed. This was different from what we thought it would be like. If things like this happened here, what would it be like up there at the front? No, this did not look like a feint attack upon our continent. It had been our first experience with our new foe — the American.
John Frankemolle is seen here aboard a landing craft on his way to Omaha Beach. John Frankemolle Declining Morale
The division now traveled only in darkness and on secondary roads. When the soldiers reached their assigned sector near the French town of Periers, they began wondering why the German air force, known as the Luftwaffe, hadn't appeared, according to the officer's account:
But now the "Jabo" plague became even more serious. No hour passed during the daytime without that nerve-frazzling thunder of the strafing fighters overhead. And whenever we cared to look we could see that smoke billow from some vehicle, fuel depot or ammunition dump mushrooming into the sky. The common soldier began to think. What would all this lead to, and what was being done about it? Where was the Luftwaffe, and why had it not been committed during the past few days?
Captured German soldiers in 1944. The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration
Officers lied to lower-ranking soldiers that the German planes were operating in adjacent sectors where they were needed even more.
Complaints arose that the division's fighting capabilities were deteriorating while the enemy's was strengthening.
"The hope of driving the Americans back into the [English] Channel had already given way to a hoping of being able to hold our own against the invaders," the officer wrote.
Defeat
An American ground advance near Coutances, France, forced the unit to pull back.
The decisive blow came on July 26, when 2,000 heavy bombers annihilated several German sectors and the 17th SS Panzer Grenadier Division ceased to exist in anything more than name.
Here is the officer's amazing description of the chaotic retreat:
No human account ever could describe the hardship, the sacrifice, the misery the men of this division alone experienced. No one who finished this retreat still alive will ever forget this Gathsename [place of suffering], because each village, each road, even each bush seared into his brain the memories of terrible hours, insufferable misery, of cowardice, despair and destruction.
The German officer found a regrouping area away from the destruction. There, he rounded up stragglers and deserters from other units and forced them to join the ranks of the beleaguered SS division as replacements for all those lost.
"And that is the history of the 17 SS Pz Gren Div GOETZ VON BERLIGHINGEN up to my capture (1 Nov 44)," concludes the unnamed German officer's account.
Frankemolle himself landed on Omaha Beach shortly after the initial invasion waves to deliver ammunition to the advancing troops. However, he spent most of his service in Europe as a gunner aboard a supply ship.
He believes the German SS officer who wrote this account was among the group of prisoners he guarded for one night, although he was not involved in his capture.
Read the original document with much more detail below.
From the Baman Piderman Wikia:
"The song that Pumkin and Squib play in Play Da Song. It was written by Caroline Ramsey. Hence it's name, it apparenetly has an ability to make squibs fall asleep."
This is currently a work in progress. I have the melody for the piano part, but i'm still working on the bass line. If any of you have any suggestions or see any mistakes, don't hesitate to say so! I'm fairly new at writing music, but not to reading it.
All credit goes to Caroline Ramsey for making this beautiful song.
The original song can be found here: https://soundcloud.com/carororo/squibs-lullaby
Pages 1 Duration 01:27 Measures 40 Key signature natural Parts 1 Part names Piano Privacy Everyone can see this score License None (All rights reserved)
Mish's Global Economic Trend Analysis IMF's Trojan Horse Gift to Ireland I believe we have all heard the story and know how it ends. Iceland is No Ireland Inquiring Irish minds just might be interested to see how Iceland fared after they told EU bankers to go to hell. For the answer, please consider Iceland Is No Ireland as State Kept Free of Bank Debt
Iceland's President Olafur R. Grimsson said his country is better off than Ireland thanks to the government's decision to allow the banks to fail two years ago and because the krona could be devalued. "The difference is that in Iceland we allowed the banks to fail," Grimsson said in an interview with Bloomberg Television's Mark Barton today. "These were private banks and we didn't pump money into them in order to keep them going; the state did not shoulder the responsibility of the failed private banks." "How far can we ask ordinary people -- farmers and fishermen and teachers and doctors and nurses -- to shoulder the responsibility of failed private banks," said Grimsson. "That question, which has been at the core of the Icesave issue, will now be the burning issue in many European countries."
Vote the Bums Out and Tell the EU and IMF to Go to Hell Unfortunately, the idiots running Ireland's government, especially Minister Brian Cowen, don't see it the way Iceland's president does. However, Iceland's government did not see it that way either, but the citizens of Iceland took matters into their own hands and voted the bums out, rejecting "Icesave". Regardless of what deal Cowen signs, I see no reason it needs be binding on the next Irish Parliament. Indeed, I recommend to to citizens of Ireland that they firmly tell their representatives that if they vote for Cowen's proposed budget, they will be voted out of office. That may be all it will take to stop this nonsense right here right now. Should I be wrong, the remedy is simple: Vote the bums out and vote in a Prime Minister and Parliament who will tell the IMF and EU to go to hell.Just Who The Hell Do You Think You Are? Nigel Farage in a speech before European Parliament says "The Euro Game Is Up… Just Who The Hell Do You Think You Are?"
It has been said that the dominant influences on F. Scott Fitzgerald were literature, Zelda, alcohol, and Princeton. The photos above were taken during the novelist's Princeton days, where he played an active role in The Princeton Triangle Club, writing scripts and lyrics for what's now the oldest collegiate musical-comedy troupe in the US. After Fitzgerald failed several exams, he was barred from performing in the club's 1916 musical production, The Evil Eye!. A shame, given that he co-wrote the script. But F. Scott wasn't going to be completely denied. Yes, he posed in drag for a publicity photo that appeared in The New York Times on January 2, 1916. The newspaper called him "the most beautiful" girl in the show.
H/T Retronaut
Related Content:
F. Scott Fitzgerald Creates a List of 22 Essential Books, 1936
F. Scott Fitzgerald Reads From Shakespeare's Othello and John Masefield's “On Growing Old” (c.1940)
Ernest Hemingway to F. Scott Fitzgerald: “Kiss My Ass”
Find major works by F. Scott Fitzgerald in our Free eBooks and Free Audio Books collections.
COLORADO SPRINGS — Orbital ATK says it is well positioned to win a U.S. Air Force competition early next year to support continued development of a new large launch vehicle to serve government and commercial users.
The company announced April 3 that it was making progress on what it calls the Next Generation Launch (NGL) program, on which the company and the Air Force have spent a combined $200 million to date through awards made as part of an effort to develop a replacement for United Launch Alliance's workhorse Atlas 5 rocket.
In an interview during the 33rd Space Symposium here, Mike Laidley, vice president of the NGL program at Orbital ATK, said the next major milestone for the program is the release this summer of a request for proposals from the Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center (SMC) on the next phase of that effort, called the Launch Service Agreement (LSA).
The Air Force plans to make up to three LSA awards in early 2018 to complete prototype vehicle development, including certification test flights. “I think we're pretty confident we're going to make the LSA downselect,” Laidley said. “We have a high degree of confidence that we provide value to the Air Force.”
That confidence is based on the progress Orbital ATK has made to date on elements of the NGL system, including through a Rocket Propulsion System award the company won from SMC in January 2016.
Laidley said the combined investment in the NGL program to date is about $200 million, with the Air Force providing two thirds of the investment and Orbital ATK one third. The NGL vehicle uses a combination of solid- and liquid-propellant stages. The lower two stages are solid motors, based in part on solid rocket motors the company built for the space shuttle and NASA's Space Launch System heavy-lift rocket.
The NGL motors are similar in size to the shuttle and SLS motors, Laidley said, but use a composite case and a different propellant formulation to meet the performance requirements of the EELV program. One version of the NGL would use a two-segment solid motor, called the Castor 600, as the first stage, while a heavier version would use a four-segment motor, the Castor 1200.
Both would use a single-segment Castor 300 motor as the rocket's second stage, and have the option to use solid strap-on boosters. The rocket's upper stage will be powered by liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen. “We're in the process now of evaluating a couple of different engine options,” Laidley said, with a decision “in the next month or so” on the engine the company will include in its proposal to the Air Force this summer. He declined to identify the specific engines under consideration.
“I think it's pretty clear what engine options are out there in the liquid oxygen/hydrogen realm,” he said.
That would likely include Aerojet Rocketdyne's RL10 and Blue Origin's BE-3U, the only American engines using those propellants and designed for use on upper stages. Orbital ATK's 2016 award included funding for developing an extendable nozzle for the BE-3U.
NGL launches from the East Coast would take place from Launch Complex 39B at NASA's Kennedy Space Center, a former shuttle launch pad converted into a multi-user pad for the SLS and other vehicles.
Laidley said they will be able to use other facilities there, including the Vehicle Assembly Building and a mobile launch platform. The company is evaluating potential West Coast sites for launches into polar orbits.
Orbital ATK is assuming a mix of government and commercial customers for the NGL vehicles. “We've taken a really hard look at our business case for this vehicle, because it's a significant amount of investment for Orbital ATK,” said Mark Pieczynski, vice president of business development and strategy. “We close our business case with three to four launches a year.”
That would include a mix of Air Force, NASA and commercial missions, he said. Company officials declined to say whether they would continue the NGL program if it does not win an Air Force award next year. “The company is heavily committed to this,” Laidley said. “But, obviously, government selection and having those missions as kind of our anchor tenant is kind of important to us.”
President Donald Trump proposed dramatic cuts in taxes Wednesday in his latest attempt to boost economic growth and bring jobs back to middle America.
The plan calls for a slash in individual tax rates, cutting the top rate from 39.6% to 35%. Sticking to his campaign promise, President Trump wants to reduce the number of brackets from seven to three.
During the campaign, Trump had originally called for those rates to be 10% 20% and 25%. He later adjusted his plan, calling for higher rates on par with House Republicans at 12%, 25% and 33%
The individual rates from Wednesday's plan: 10%, 25% and 35%.
This latest proposal also calls for the end of the death tax. Finally.
This was one in which conservatives have long fought to end, as it's completely unnecessary.
The new tax plan also calls for repeal of the alternative minimum tax, which would essentially make it harder for the rich to get away with paying less taxes.
Also there's a doubling of standard deductions. More money in the pockets of taxpayers who itemize their deductions.
And then of course there's a slash in the corporate tax rate. The new plan is to reduce the current rate of 35% down to 15%. That's another promise from Trump's campaign he has kept.
But there's still questions to be answered from this new proposal.
What are the income levels for each tax bracket? And will this even pass Congress?
White House Framework
Goals For Tax Reform Grow the economy and create millions of jobs
Simplify our burdensome tax code
Provide tax relief to American families—especially middle-income families
Lower the business tax rate from one of the highest in the world to one of the lowest Individual Reform Tax relief for American families, especially middle-income families: Reducing the 7 tax brackets to 3 tax brackets of 10%, 25% and 35% Doubling the standard deduction Providing tax relief for families with child and dependent care expenses
Simplification: Eliminate targeted tax breaks that mainly benefit the wealthiest taxpayers Protect the home ownership and charitable gift tax deductions Repeal the Alternative Minimum Tax Abolish the death tax
Repeal the 3.8% Obamacare tax that hits small businesses and investment income Business Reform 15% business tax rate
Territorial tax system to level the playing field for American companies
One-time tax on trillions of dollars held overseas
Eliminate tax breaks for special interests Process Throughout the month of May, the Trump Administration will hold listening sessions with stakeholders to receive their input and will continue working with the House and Senate to develop the details of a plan that provides massive tax relief, creates jobs, and makes America more competitive—and can pass both chambers.
My Thoughts
I've been waiting for the these tax cuts.
For far too long have the American people been bothered by our current burdensome tax system.
I think reducing the individual brackets to a mere three, as opposed to our current seven, and slashing the corporate tax will do a tremendous service for the country.
Don't believe Obama, he presided over the weakest and most abysmal “recovery.” It's been long overdue for our economy to turn around and unleash the growth that should've been spurred long ago.
My expectations for the Trump administration in 2017 was tax reform and healthcare reform. If the president manages to get those two done, I'm a happy camper. You can't ask for the man to complete everything now!
If he were to fail on those two fronts, I'll be disappointed and concerned, but won't give up faith.
The House Freedom Caucus just endorsed the GOP's latest attempt at repealing Obamacare, which is not only a big win for the White House, but also the grassroots.
If anything, the one-hundred day mark has lit a fire under President Trump.
Gentlethings, prepare to perform your happy dance. Unexpectedly and suddenly, Psychonauts-makers Double Fine have ended their silly sabbatical from PC games, and announced that they'll be releasing their Halloween-themed RPG Costume Quest on Steam. When? Why, it's there right now.
Happy, happy days. And hopefully CQ is but the first of many of the Tim Schafer-headed studio's titles due to return to the motherland. In fact, they imply as much below.
I know posting press releases is A Bad Thing, but you'll like this one. So I'm going to shamelessly paste most of it in.
“I'm still mad!” cried that one guy who always posts on our forums, “I mean, what took them so long?” “We have always said that if it were up to us, we'd release our games for the PC,” Schafer stated in a calm but inspiring tone. “Well, now… it's finally up to us!” he said, holding his sword in the air while everybody cheered. “Thanks to Dracogen Strategic Investments,” said a quiet, falsetto voice that no one could figure out where it was coming from. “Steve Dengler is so likeable and handsome, eh?” said the voice again, but this time we were starting to have suspicions about who said it, even if his lips weren't moving much. Costume Quest is a Role-Playing Game set on Halloween night. You play as Trick or Treaters on an urgent mission. Monsters have invaded your town, kidnapped your twin, and worst of all, they are stealing all the candy! The player builds a party, collects candy, takes on side quests, and crafts new costumes along the way. These special costumes transform them into giant fantasy warriors so they may fight a variety of monsters in exciting turn-based combat to save Halloween. It's effing awesome. Grubbins on Ice follows the further adventures of our young heroes as they plunge through a mystical portal into the dimension of Repugia, the very home of monster kind! New quests, new locations, new costumes, and a couple of sweet yeti jokes abound. So does a giant eyeball. “Well, I'm a tiny bit less mad,” said the guy from the forums, “But they'd better keep making PC versions.” “We're working on it, eh?” said a tiny voice.
This ‘Dracogen Strategic Investments‘ mentioned is the cause of the PC version – Schafer having said a while back that if they could raise enough money to make PC games they would. Sounds like someone offered to lend a hand:
“Dracogen Strategic Investments is the creation of Steven Dengler— father, gamer, entrepreneur, pilot, co-founder of XE.com Inc., and all-round geek. Dracogen is committed to making awesome things happen whenever it can. Besides backing some pretty amazing tech companies, it also supports fun creative projects and has a particular affinity for Child's Play Charity.”
So I guess we have Mr Dengler to thank for this. Thanks, Mr Dengler. Thengler.
Here's a trailer from the filthy console version of Costume Quest last year:
Costume Quest, including the Grubbins on Ice DLC as part and parcel, is availble on Steam now for £11.99/$14.99. I am totally going to play it, yes sir.
Kunino Sagiri wrote:
Silly hospitals won't do shit to your weird problem either of course; all they would do is milk money out of you. No one can treat you other than yourself.
Motivation to do anything initially comes from yourself before it comes from others. It's just how it is.
1. Therapy is effective.
There are many forms of therapy that were the subject of countless studies, testing them for effectiveness. One of the most studied therapies is Cognitive Behavioral Therapy. It is ok to not just take my word for it, so here is a meta-study that reports on the efficacy of CBT.
Conclusion of the study:
Despite these weaknesses in some areas, it is clear that the evidence-base of CBT is enormous. Given the high cost-effectiveness of the intervention, it is surprising that many countries, including many developed nations, have not yet adopted CBT as the first-line intervention for mental disorders. A notable exception is the Improving Access to Psychological Therapies initiative by the National Health Commissioning in the United Kingdom (Rachman & Wilson, 2008). We believe that it is time that others follow suit.
2. Mental hospitals in Germany provide a clean environment for the patients to live in.
Having problems with hygiene isn't only doing you physical harm, but also great mental harm. It fundamentally destroys your self-worth. Moving to a clean environment is better than living in your own filth and slowly rotting away mentally and physically, while watching the whole process helplessly. You might argue that people that live in a clean environment will just revert to the old state when they come back home, but that isn't necessarily the case. Many patients work together with social workers to slowly reclaim their lives once they returned, which prevents them from returning to a position where their living situation slowly eats away at them. Having solved this significant problem, further progress can be made.
3. Mental hospitals keep watch over suicidal people.
You can't heal when you are dead. It is as simple as that.
4. Mental hospitals provide a social life to people that have been formerly isolated.
Social isolation is cruel, it really is. If maintained as default-state for too long, it can lead to severe social anxiety and self-esteem issues, which further prevents people from having social contacts. In mental hospitals, you have professionals talking to you, you also have the option of group-therapy and socializing with other patients. That way, people can slowly adjust to being social again - in an environment where they aren't judged with the worst our society has to offer.
5. Mental hospitals don't milk people for money.
Not in Germany at least. Germany has a social insurance system, and its working pretty well. You'd be surprised what is possible when wealth is distributed a bit more evenly and money actually reaches people in need. In most cases, the cost will be covered by your insurance.
This is not true. Here is why:"Change only comes from inside" is bullshit. It is way more complicated than that. Every living person is in a continuous feedback-relationship with the world around him, where external circumstances influence your mind and body, while their actions influence the external circumstances. By changing the external circumstances, great and horrible things can be done.It is a generally accepted fact that negative change in people can be caused by changing their external circumstances. If you torture someone until they pass out and repeat that procedure twice a day for a year, your poor victim will without doubt come out of this completely fucked up. This is an example for negative change in a person, caused by external circumstances (an extreme example, but still valid).Why shouldn't positive change work the same way? There is no reason to assume that positive change is something that is completely isolated and can not be made more likely by changes in peoples environments.There are cases where getting help is the best option. Judging from the info OP gave us, it appears to me that this is such a case.Please don't stand between people and the help that they seek by spreading misinformation and throwing out shallow statements like "It's just how it is". You aren't doing anyone a favor.
North Korea conducts large-scale artillery exercises to celebrate military anniversary
By Park Si-soo
With North Korea believed to be ready to conduct a nuclear or missile test at any time, a Chinese newspaper warned the isolated country not to "pass the point of no return."
In an editorial Tuesday, the Global Times, a newspaper published by China's ruling Communist Party, said the previous day's phone conversation between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping showed the two countries were in close communication over the tensions.
The paper said China hopes for a peaceful outcome, but that Beijing has "very limited influence on the entire situation." It added: "The game of chicken between Washington and Pyongyang has come to a breaking point."
The newspaper said if North Korea carries out a sixth nuclear test as expected, "it is more likely than ever that the situation will cross the point of no return. All stakeholders will bear the consequences, with Pyongyang sure to suffer the greatest losses."
Meanwhile, North Korea conducted large-scale artillery exercises on Tuesday on the 85th anniversary of the foundation of its army, according to South Korea's Yonhap News Agency. The live-fire drills were reportedly carried out in areas around the city of Wonsan on its east coast. South Korea's defense ministry could not immediately confirm the report.
6 years ago
(CNN) - On the day that both presidential candidates are campaigning in Ohio, a new poll indicates a close contest in the race for the Buckeye State's 18 electoral votes.
According to a CNN/ORC International poll (PDF), 51% of likely voters in Ohio say they're backing President Barack Obama, with 47% supporting Republican nominee Mitt Romney. Obama's four point advantage is within the poll's sampling error.
- Follow the Ticker on Twitter: @PoliticalTicker
- Check out the CNN Electoral Map and Calculator and game out your own strategy for November.
The survey, released Tuesday, was conducted October 5-8, entirely after last Wednesday's first presidential debate. Since non-partisan, live operator polls of likely voters in Ohio conducted prior to the debate indicated Obama with a 7-10 point advantage over the former Massachusetts governor, the new CNN survey suggests that Romney got a bounce following the debate.
The CNN poll indicates a wide gender gap, with Romney leading by 14 points among men and Obama ahead by 22 points among women voters.
"Independent voters, suburban voters, and older voters are all evenly divided, indicating a close race right now," says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland. "But that's not a prediction of what will happen in November. With one in eight likely voters saying that they could change their minds between now and November, and several crucial debates still to come, there is every reason to expect the race to change in Ohio."
American Research Group is also out Tuesday with a poll in Ohio, with Romney at 48% and Obama at 47% among likely voters. ARG's previous Ohio survey, conducted in mid-September, had Obama at 48% and Romney at 47%.
"The new polls are a huge boost for Republicans, coming just a couple weeks after a string of polls made them wonder if there was any way to win without Ohio," says CNN Chief National Correspondent John King.
Three national polls released in the past 24 hours also indicate the race knotted up among likely voters. And two of the surveys, from ARG and Pew Research Center, also suggest a post debate bounce for Romney.
"There is clearly movement in Ohio similar to what we see nationally. You see it in our numbers. It's a very close race in Ohio and you feel it talking to people on the ground," adds King, who is reporting from the Buckeye State.
Ohio was the state that put President George W. Bush over the top in his 2004 re-election. Four years later Obama carried the state by five points over Sen. John McCain. But the Republicans performed well in the Buckeye state in the 2010 midterm elections, winning back the governor's office and five House seats from the Democrats.
This cycle Ohio is seeing an outsized amount of campaign traffic. Obama's Tuesday rally in Columbus is his 12th visit to the Buckeye state since the unofficial start of the general election campaign in early April. For Romney, his event Tuesday in Cuyahoga Falls is his 15th visit to Ohio in the same time period.
Overall, the campaigns, party committees, and super PACs and other independent groups have spent nearly $92 million to run ads on broadcast TV in Ohio since the start of the general election, with more than $20 million of that coming just in the last two weeks. Those figures come from Campaign Media Analysis Group, which tracks political advertising for its clients.
"The governor still has problems here, especially with working women in the critical suburban areas. And the president benefits from an improving Ohio economy," says King. "But our numbers reinforce why there has been $90 million spent on presidential campaign TV ads the past six months: This is the battleground of the battlegrounds."
Libertarian Party candidate Gary Johnson, Green Party candidate Jill Stein, and Constitution Party candidate Virgil Goode are also on the presidential ballot in Ohio. When their names were added to the poll, Obama is at 48%, Romney 45%, with Johnson at 3%, Stein at 1% and Goode registering less than one-half of one percent.
The CNN poll was conducted by ORC International, with 1,020 Ohio adults, including 888 registered voters and 722 likely voters, questioned by telephone. The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.
MORE FROM THE CNN POLITICAL TICKER:
Big Bird the focus in sarcastic new Obama ad
Romney revives 8% unemployment critique at rainy rally
Pastor at Ryan event once said Romney is not a Christian
It's nearly impossible to follow a major sporting event online without somebody turning the crying Michael Jordan photo back into a meme. Invariably, somebody is going to be sad about losing the big game, and inevitably, some enterprising social media user will end up Photoshopping a Crying Jordan into a key moment when everything seemed to go wrong for the team that lost.
It all began in 2009, when Michael Jordan spoke during his Basketball Hall of Fame induction, and while receiving a long ovation from the crowd, he began to cry. Associated Press photographer Stephan Savoia captured the moment.
(Sorry, this embed was not found.)
Only recently—last September to be exact—has the Crying Jordan meme become such a big part of big-game social media culture.
Though many have wondered whether Jordan knew about the meme and whether he was cool with it, we've finally received our answer. He's totally fine with it, according to TMZ.
“Everyone seems to be having fun with the meme,” a Jordan representative told the website. “We haven't seen anyone using it to promote their commercial interests, which is something that we're monitoring.”
What have been some peak Crying Jordan moments in recent history? Here's Panthers quarterback Cam Newton, during and after Carolina's loss to the Broncos in Super Bowl 50.
you may RT now for all your cam newton Michael Jordan crying faces memes pic.twitter.com/BxKBiKjvtQ — Peter Darker (@iHurdleTho) February 8, 2016
Without a doubt, the best Crying Jordan EVER! pic.twitter.com/p5SOIvGYgQ — B. 📎 (@knicks148) February 8, 2016
And Panthers kicker Graham Gano after he clanged a field goal off the upright.
this is an elite crying Jordan (via @SPUN) pic.twitter.com/gqRBOmBd0v — SI Extra Mustard (@SI_ExtraMustard) February 8, 2016
Or when the Broncos bested the Patriots in the AFC title game.
Or when Clemson lost to Alabama in the national college football title game.
(Sorry, this embed was not found.)
Or when the Mets lost to the Royals in the World Series.
(Sorry, this embed was not found.)
Of course, the Crying Jordan isn't solely limited to sports. It also might apply to a Republican presidential hopeful who happened to finish second in the Iowa caucus.
(Sorry, this embed was not found.)
But if you don't want to find yourself going viral when you're having one of the worst days ever, here's some advice. Win at everything at all times. Newton should have listened to the man himself.
H/T Bleacher Report | Photo by Jason H. Smith/Flickr (CC BY 2.0)
Plaza of the Three Powers, Brasília, by Lúcio Costa and Oscar Niemeyer, 1958-1960 1 of 7 Leonardo Finotti
THE meditative tropical tints of Luis Barragán's minimalism and the pristine geometric beauty of Oscar Niemeyer's Brasília make star turns in “Latin America in Construction”, an inspiring new show that has just opened at the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York. These are the most familiar names in an extraordinary rich tapestry of exploratory, innovative and utterly exuberant works by dozens of key figures, many yanked from obscurity, which have been woven together by four curators, Barry Bergdoll, Carlos Eduardo Comas, Jorge Francisco Liernur and Patricio del Real.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The exhibition covers the years between 1955 and 1980, a fitfully idealistic era, when architecture had the capacity to literally build new societies. Photos, models, study sketches and videos exude the energy of post-war, post-colonial new beginnings.
The contrasts are dramatic: SEPRA Arquitectos, an Argentinian firm founded in 1936, and Clorindo Testa, a pioneer of the country's brutalist movement, wrapped the glass walls of a Buenos Aires bank building with hole-dotted piers of silken concrete. They are like ebullient monumental buckles. A Uruguayan engineer, Eladio Dieste, built humble brick churches with undulating walls and high interior vaults that are at once sensuous and austere.
Some architects embraced international modern architecture, which they believed symbolised progress, with an imagery that was free of colonial associations. Carlos Raúl Villanueva, from Venezuela, built an architecture school with a roof that bumps up and down like a samba in concrete. Germán Samper, a Colombian, designed an oyster-shell stadium in curved thin concrete that puts the clumsy theme-parked nostalgia of American ballparks to shame. Others turned to local climate, extraordinary settings and traditional building techniques to inspire an architecture authentic to place and history. Fernando Martínez Sanabria and Guillermo Avendaño, both also from Colombia, moulded modest houses with steeply sloped roofs and soft curves, like ceramic vessels tucked into the side of a hill.
Early experiments undertaken in Cuba after the 1959 revolution were unsocialistically suave. In 1964 in the City University of Havana (CUJAE) Humberto Alonso leavened an impeccably proportioned complex of slab buildings with sunscreens, overhangs, arcades and lush, intimate courtyards. The voluptuous National Arts schools, brick-domed structures linked by serpentine open-air arcades by Ricardo Porro, Vittorio Garatti and Roberto Gottardi, have attracted intense global interest in the last few years, though they are atypical. They glorified the human body in a way that was too explicit for the prudish Fidel Castro.
The agenda of rapid development often fell victim to the corruption and incompetence endemic to Latin America, with its tragic cycles of military coups and civil wars. Few of these many grand plans were fully realised; cities tended, instead, to grow convulsively, filling with refugees from the poverty-stricken countryside. Slums, initially considered a temporary aberration, became enduring evidence of institutional failure.
Brasília, with Niemeyer's alluring, primary geometries gleaming in the sun, is the most recognisable of the showpiece megaprojects. It opened in 1960 after being willed into being in four years by Brazil's then-president Juscelino Kubitschek. By the 1970s Lúcio Costa's city plan had attracted criticism for its grandiosity, its rigid form and the isolation of its elegant, greenery-swathed apartment buildings. Since then, brasilienses have adapted and humanised their neighbourhoods, evolving them for better and worse.
Not all Brazil's architects were as obsessed with the grandiose. Lina Bo Bardi, for example, explored ways that architecture could preserve and nurture rural folk culture—although this only happened after she designed a severely modern concrete-and-glass art museum in São Paulo. Her varied career fascinates a new generation today. A woman who enjoyed rare success as an architect and theorist, Bo Bardi resisted the label of feminist pioneer and conjured a cheerfully surrealistic community leisure centre out of an abandoned factory in São Paulo. By the late 1960s disillusioned architects, Bo Bardi among them, had turned to community-based planning. The MoMA exhibit includes housing plans that allowed low-income people to self-build all or part of their dwellings. Community-focused tactics would continue to develop as market-based development models took over after 1980, and have gained new currency as “urban acupuncture”—an influential export. The show can be daunting, threading together so many trends, styles and ideologies, but by bringing back the urgent energy of the decades after the second world war, MoMA may find that it has also rekindled its idealism.
“Latin America in Construction” is showing at MOMA until July 19th 2015
Argentina has toughened its stance on immigration, deterring migrants from some of the poorest countries in South America.
“Faced with the recent notorious acts of organized crime, the government has had enormous difficulties in enacting deportation orders against foreign nationals as a result of the complex, repetitive procedures that in some cases can take seven years to process,” said President Mauricio Macri of policy changes implemented by emergency presidential decree on Jan. 27.
The measure allows Argentina to expedite the deportation of foreign residents with criminal records, as well as restrict those serving sentences or with criminal records from entering the country. It also specifically targets suspects of drug and human trafficking, money laundering, and organ and arms trade.
The decree argued that immigrants make up to 21.35 percent of the prison population in federal penitentiaries (when considering all of the country's prisons, the figure is closer to 6 percent) and that 33 percent of those convicted of drug trafficking are foreigners.
The vast majority of Argentina's immigrants, which make up 4.5 percent of the population, come from Paraguay, Bolivia and Peru – some of the poorest countries in South America. Most of these migrants are poor, uneducated and in search of employment, according to a 2012 report from the International Organization for Migration (IOM), which revealed that the majority of Paraguayan migrants work in construction and domestics industries, while Bolivians predominantly take on agricultural work such as on olive farms and vineyards.
Migrants have been seeking such work in Argentina for decades, and have consistently faced discrimination and blame for the country's social, economic, sanitary and security problems. Human rights advocates say the Argentine government's recent crackdown on immigration risks further stigmatizing these foreigners and is a violation of human rights under international law.
“Amnesty International considers that it's a mistake to reduce the migration phenomenon to a debate on national security that associates migrants with criminals,” the rights organization said in a statement last Monday. “Even when States have the authority to establish rules in migratory issues, they can't violate the rights guaranteed under the constitution and international human rights treaties.”
Macri's administration argued that the changes would not affect the government's immigration policy but only cut through bureaucratic red tape that had been impeding law enforcement from doing its job.
“We cannot continue to allow criminals to keep choosing Argentina as a place to commit offenses,” Macri, the son of an immigrant, said during a recent news conference, the New York Times reported.
The conservative leader's new policy is in stark contrast to Argentina's traditionally welcoming approach to immigration. Critics quickly drew comparisons with U.S. President Donald Trump's controversial decision to temporarily ban travelers from seven Muslim-majority nations and cut off the flow of refugees. Macri has also proposed a special police force to control the border, and a right-wing congressman is calling for a wall to be built on the border with Bolivia, according to the New York Times.
Government officials have been quick to deny any association with Trump's immigration policies.
“Since December 2015 we've been thinking about the immigration policy of Argentina,” National Immigration Director Horacio José Garcia told the Buenos Aires Herald. “Our immigration policy is our own and isn't similar to other countries.”
Members of the opposition have also accused the government of using misleading statistics to blame foreigners for drug trafficking crimes in the country.
“Macri is intent on copying Trump's agenda,” human rights lawyer Myriam Bregman of the Socialist Workers' party told the Guardian. “They're trying to associate immigration with crime. … While they persecute poor people in the slums because of the color of their face or their nationality, major crime involving drug trafficking continues to be run by government officials and corrupt police.”
Macri has also faced accusations that his new restrictions target poor immigrants to distract attention from Argentina's sluggish economy. In September, Argentina's government released poverty figures for the first time in three years, revealing that nearly one-third of the population is living below the poverty line.
Still, the shift in immigration policy has been backed by strong public support. A poll published in late January by the consultancy Poliarquía showed that 69 percent of respondents “very much approved” of barring foreigners with criminal records from entering Argentina, and 88 percent of respondents said foreigners who commit offenses should be thrown out. Only a quarter of the respondents saw the order as a political maneuver.
One senator who supports the decree, Miguel Ángel Pichetto of the central-left Front for Victory party, said Argentina is right to deny migrants who use the country for drug dealing schemes.
“How much misery can Argentina stand by receiving poor immigrants?” said Pichetto in a television broadcast. “We must stop being silly. The world is changing. It is a world that is closing up.”
I tried something different this week when it came to my art journal. Part of the prompt was to use something non-traditional and to think about negative space. (As an aside last year during C.R.E.A.T.E. we had a “Negative Space” drawing class. We do some interesting things during those retreats!) I figured it was a perfect time to use the old letters and envelopes I bought in bulk off etsy. I loved that the envelopes are traditional airmail themed ones and I like that writing on them has nothing to do with me. Someone else's story is a part of my journal.
The letters were written on almost transparent like thin paper. So I folded them various ways to try to create some blank space on them but that didn't work. The only thing I could think of at the time was to use the letters as the background paper for one side of my journal. It does make an interesting pattern.
To create writing space, I just added another layer of white paper to one part of the page and wrote my musing onto there. I also used a few scraps of paper and decorate tape to add some pop to my page. I'm thinking of going back later and maybe adding some words on top of the envelopes and maybe doodling over the handwritten letters that's serving as my background. We'll see.
The title of our prompt this week was “Statement Page.” I decided to “make a statement.” Lately, I've been feeling overrun by all my projects. Sort of like overdosing on creativity. I'm only four weeks into January and I've done like 20 things from a craft party to interviewing a fire artist to doing photography for a band to filming a burlesque show to taking five pole classes ….. and the list just goes on and on. I'm grateful for it but I also have to remind myself to relax, enjoy the journey and to take my time.
The beginning of my journal page says, “Its not a race. It's most definitely not a game. It's your LIFE. Every moment. There is the choice to be present, mindful and intentional or you ca move so fast that it all slips away until you exhaust yourself. Success and achievement is nothing if you aren't present DURING the journey. If you succeed at all cost, sacrificing everything, you lose one thing in the end….YOURSELF. What's any of it worth then?”
Note to self: SLOW DOWN. Relax. Do nothing for two minutes and see what happens.
A friend pointed out this Maya Angelou quote, “Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for. Each of us needs to withdraw from the cares which will not withdraw from us.”
To see all my Art Journal All Year post, click here.
To see a brief history of my art journal process, click here.
The new US President has been sworn in, and well-known Russian political consultant Evgeny Minchenko has provided a comprehensive analysis of the key factors which led to Trump's victory and Clinton's failure. More interestingly, he forecasted the political future of the two candidate's families as well as Obama's.
Evgeny Minchenko, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Minchenko Consulting Communication Group and the Chairman of the Political Consulting Committee of the Russian Public Relations Association, is convinced that the families of America's last president and the Democratic presidential nominee won't leave the political arena in the decades to come.
© REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst The Secret of Trump: What the Realpolitik of the 45th US President Will Be Like
Moreover, the political scientist has provided a detailed analysis of why the two families will be playing key roles in US politics.
Here is his reasoning.
"Judging by his drawn out farewell [while still] president and relatively high approval ratings upon departure, Barack Obama will continue playing a serious role in US politics," reads Minchenko's article for the Carnegie Moscow Center's website.
"He will take advantage of Hillary's failure in order to minimize Clinton's influence in the Democratic Party," he suggests.
One of the steps in this direction, the political consultant says, has been the recent announcement of departed vice-president Joe Biden that he might run for president in 2020.
"By the way, it was Biden, who, regardless of his age (he is 74 now and will be 78 at the time of next elections) had a much better chance against Trump, due to his popularity among so-called "blue-collar workers". Those were the "blue-collar workers" who changed their [party] preferences, dealing a "coup de grace" to Clinton's campaign," he writes.
Minchenko further notes that Michelle Obama is also being promoted as a political figure, hence there is a chance to watch the campaign of the first black female president, since Clinton already launched a campaign to become the first female president.
The political analyst also notes that the negative reaction of Clinton's fellow party members to her plans to run for the post of mayor of New York and her age fare decreasing the weight of the Clinton's clan. However, they will be able to secure their extensive network of contacts.
They have already leaked the information, he says, that former first daughter Chelsea Clinton is reportedly being groomed to become a congressional candidate.
The New York Post has recently reported that Chelsea Clinton, 36, is "being eyed to take Rep. Nita Lowey's place when the 79-year-old incumbent decides to leave the House of Representatives."
As for the Trump family, the analyst says, there is the interesting tandem of Trump's daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner, who are expected to play a certain role in the new administration.
According to the research of his consulting communication group, the two already started building up their political clout during the period of transition of power, Minchenko concluded.
The 19 Best Movies That You Didn't See in 2010 - Start Watching More
It's here and we're little late, I admit, but I thought with the Oscars this weekend it was perfect timing in the end. Back by popular demand is our fourth annual list of the 19 Best Movies That You Didn't See in 2010 (you can find our past few lists here: 2009, 2008, 2007). Featured below is a hand-picked selection of the best independent and mainstream films that were either quietly dumped by a distributor, ignored by audiences, or just not marketed well enough. So to give these films some extra time in the spotlight, and to support some of the best filmmakers out there, we've put together this final 2010 recap. Read on for the list!
I would like to encourage everyone to watch at least one of these that they haven't heard of (or didn't see) beforehand. If you spend the two hours or so that it will take to watch even one of these movies mentioned below, it would mean that much more to the filmmakers who put so much time and effort into making each of these movies. This isn't about getting kudos for mentioning certain films, this article is about pointing out movies that don't deserve to be forgotten and are begging to be watched. So pick one and watch it tonight!
Animal Kingdom
Opened on August 13, 2010
Directed by David Michôd (Interview)
Tells the story of seventeen year-old J as he navigates his survival amongst an explosive criminal family and the detective who thinks he can save him.
Why it's on here: This riveting Australian underground organized crime flick has stuck with me since first seeing it at Sundance more than a year ago. Not only did Jacki Weaver, the "mother" of this creepy, crazy group of Australian criminals, earn a well-deserved Oscar nomination this year, but the film includes incredible performances by breakout lead James Frecheville and co-stars Joel Edgerton and Ben Mendelsohn, who plays one of the most unsettling roles I've ever seen. If you haven't already already discovered this fantastic film, it best be added to the top of your list right away.
Buried
Opened on September 24, 2010
Directed by Rodrigo Cortés (Interview)
Paul is a U.S. contractor working in Iraq. After an attack by a group of Iraqis he wakes to find he is buried alive inside a coffin. With only a lighter and a cell phone it's a race against time to escape this claustrophobic death trap.
Why it's on here: Those who have seen Buried almost always agree with me - it's damn good! Yes, Ryan Reynolds stars for 90 minutes inside of a coffin and that's it - the camera doesn't go "outside", but director Rodrigo Cortés uses numerous crafty visual tricks like zooming up or away to add even more of a claustrophobic and distant feel to the film. My quote that's on the poster still stands for this film - your heart will be racing from the moment it begins until the moment it ends, that's guaranteed. And if more convincing is necessary, read Ethan's glowing review as well.
Catfish
Opened on September 17, 2010
Directed by Henry Joost & Ariel Schulman
Filmmakers Ariel Schulman and Henry Joost document a story involving Ariel's brother, Nev, a 24-year-old New York-based photographer, and Abby, from rural Michigan who contacts Nev via Facebook, asking for permission to make a painting from one of his photographs.
Why it's on here: Most probably heard the buzz about this last fall, but never bothered to actually see it. Despite the controversy over it's potentially deceptive storytelling (maybe you should watch this to find out exactly what that means) I think this is a damn good documentary. Catfish takes the audience on a roller-coaster-ride through a relationship between the filmmaker's goofy brother Nev and a mysterious girl from MySpace/Facebook. By the end, you'll realize this has a much greater connection to The Social Network than first thought and incites plenty of discussion that you're guaranteed to start upon finishing.
Cemetery Junction
Straight to DVD on August 17, 2010
Directed by Ricky Gervais & Stephen Merchant
A 1970s-set coming-of-age comedy centered on three young working class friends (Christian Cooke, Tom Hughes, Jack Doolan) in a dreary suburb of Reading.
Why it's on here: It's quite uncanny that comedians Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant can get together to write and direct a film that isn't a hilarious comedy. Instead the two talented Brits come together and deliver a coming-of-age drama that's essentially American Graffiti for the United Kingdom. Keep the kids with an uncertain future ahead of them but replace the car culture with the dreary suburban setting of Reading, and you've got a spectacularly underrated film chock full of great performances and phenomenal writing. (Written by Ethan Anderton)
The Disappearance of Alice Creed
Opened on August 6, 2010
Directed by J Blakeson
Two men fortify a nondescript British apartment so it can serve as a prison, and then kidnap a woman and tie her to a bed. Before there's even time to react, we're plunged into a very nasty situation, but not a simple one.
Why it's on here: This taut, riveting thriller thoroughly impressed me when I first saw it at the Toronto Film Festival back in late '09, but It's always been on my mind, as I was impressed by the sleek direction of J Blakeson, despite making his feature debut with this. If you need more blatant convincing to check out this gripping crime thriller, it's the one you've probably heard about that has Gemma Arterton nude it in for half the film. But it actually works as part of the story and damn is it an interesting story to follow - plenty of twists. Watch the opening five minutes for a hell of a tease.
Flipped
Opened on August 6, 2010
Directed by Rob Reiner (Interview)
Two eighth graders start to have feelings for each other despite being total opposites. Based on the novel "Flipped" by Wendelin Van Draanen.
Why it's on here: I really love this film. It's such a charming coming-of-age slice of life, courtesy of one of the masters of directing kid actors - Rob Reiner (who I had the honor of interviewing). His two lead actors, Callan McAuliffe and Madeline Carroll, give performances way above their age in a delightfully entertaining story of young romance. It has a unique narrative that flip-flops storytelling between the two off-and-on and really takes advantage of that Flipped concept, but it works and the result is totally adorable to watch.
Four Lions
Opened on November 5, 2010
Directed by Christopher Morris
Four Lions tells the story of a group of British jihadists who push their abstract dreams of glory to the breaking point. As the wheels fly off, and their competing ideologies clash, what emerges is an emotionally engaging (and entirely plausible) farce.
Why it's on here: This "terrorist comedy" from the UK has had copious amounts of buzz since premiering at Sundance a few years ago, then made its way through 2010 at numerous festivals and eventually getting released by Alamo Drafthouse's newly formed Drafthouse Films. But alas, many still haven't seen this hilarious flick about a group of British jihadists who push their abstract dreams of glory to the breaking point. Even if it sounds awkward, it's damn funny and you'll get over it laughing, so give it a shot and check it out.
Greenberg
Opened on March 26, 2010
Directed by Noah Baumbach
A New Yorker moves to Los Angeles in order to figure out his life while he housesits for his brother, and he soon sparks with his brother's assistant.
Why it's on here: With Ben Stiller taking part in Little Fockers towards the end of 2010, it's good to know that earlier in the year he teamed up with director Noah Baumbach (of The Squid and the Whale, Margot at the Wedding) for one of the best performances of his career. Since the film was sadly overlooked this awards season, we're eager to show some love to this somewhat depressing, but thoroughly satisfying film that continues to showcase breakout mumblecore star Greta Gerwig and all her charm and genuine talent. (Written by Ethan Anderton)
The Illusionist
Opened on December 25, 2010
Directed by Sylvain Chomet
A French illusionist finds himself out of work and travels to Scotland, where he meets a young woman. Their ensuing adventure changes both their lives forever.
Why it's on here: If you saw The Triplets of Belleville in '03, then you should already be interested in The Illusionist, the next film from Sylvain Chomet, the same director of Belleville. Anyone who watches this will be astonished at how emotional and entertaining of a story Chomet can tell without using any dialogue, only hand-drawn animation and some minor "noises" for emphasis. It's a brilliant and more-than-ever heartwarming film with a great story based on a screenplay by French legend Jacques Tati. I suggest reading my Telluride review for more inspiration.
The Next 10 Best Movies You Didn't See in 2010 →
More on: Page 1-Page 2
1 Sean Hunt on Feb 26, 2011
2 CisforCinema on Feb 26, 2011
3 crumb on Feb 26, 2011
4 coswell on Feb 28, 2011
5 Tom Jolly on Mar 7, 2011
6 Jeff Warner on Feb 26, 2011
7 Mountain Top Movies on Feb 27, 2011
8 Joshjacoby666 on Feb 26, 2011
9 Alex Billington on Feb 26, 2011
10 Joshjacoby666 on Feb 26, 2011
11 Alex Billington on Feb 26, 2011
12 Joshjacoby666 on Feb 26, 2011
13 Alex Billington on Feb 26, 2011
14 Paolo Cumm on Feb 26, 2011
15 Kaims on Feb 26, 2011
16 Joshjacoby666 on Feb 26, 2011
17 Jeff Warner on Feb 26, 2011
18 Joshjacoby666 on Feb 26, 2011
19 Jeff Warner on Feb 26, 2011
20 Joshjacoby666 on Feb 26, 2011
21 Jeff Warner on Feb 26, 2011
22 Ae Tawee on Feb 26, 2011
23 Dickhead420 on Feb 26, 2011
24 Victor Berglund on Feb 26, 2011
25 Rschall15 on Feb 26, 2011
26 crumb on Feb 26, 2011
27 RSchall15 on Feb 26, 2011
28 Alex Billington on Feb 26, 2011
29 Corey Ragland on Feb 26, 2011
30 John on Feb 26, 2011
31 Joeseripico on Feb 26, 2011
32 Anonymous on Feb 26, 2011
33 Staatz on Feb 26, 2011
34 Alex Billington on Feb 26, 2011
35 Staatz on Feb 26, 2011
36 Mountain Top Movies on Feb 27, 2011
37 Anonymous on Feb 26, 2011
38 lego on Feb 26, 2011
39 Chad on Feb 26, 2011
40 Claws on Feb 26, 2011
41 ANDY on Feb 26, 2011
42 Kenneth on Feb 26, 2011
43 Alex Billington on Feb 26, 2011
44 Kenneth on Feb 28, 2011
45 David Perretta on Feb 26, 2011
46 Alex Billington on Feb 26, 2011
47 Mattias K. Nielsen on Feb 26, 2011
48 samir on Feb 26, 2011
49 Anonymous on Feb 26, 2011
50 Videojame on Feb 26, 2011
51 Alex Billington on Feb 26, 2011
52 CisforCinema on Feb 26, 2011
53 reeft on Feb 26, 2011
54 MK2011 on Feb 26, 2011
55 uberman on Feb 26, 2011
56 Tofer on Feb 26, 2011
57 Ding 鼎 Wang 王 on Feb 26, 2011
58 Tra la la la la di da on Feb 26, 2011
59 DaftBot on Feb 26, 2011
60 Anonymous on Feb 26, 2011
61 Anonymous on Feb 27, 2011
62 Phil at Nokia on Feb 27, 2011
63 Anonymous on Feb 27, 2011
64 Anonymous on Feb 27, 2011
65 Link1983 on Feb 27, 2011
66 pete on Feb 27, 2011
67 Colin on Feb 27, 2011
68 jah p on Feb 27, 2011
69 Anonymous on Feb 28, 2011
70 RandallM on Feb 28, 2011
71 Sean Kelly on Feb 28, 2011
72 Donarshia on Mar 1, 2011
73 banana faces on Mar 1, 2011
74 The_mogul on Mar 1, 2011
75 guest333 on Mar 3, 2011
76 Chad on Mar 4, 2011
77 A5J4DX on Nov 13, 2018
78 A5J4DX on Nov 13, 2018
79 Timm McIntosh on Mar 11, 2011
80 K.C. on Mar 15, 2011
81 mad_cheshire_kat on Mar 19, 2011
82 max on Mar 26, 2011
83 Will on Apr 4, 2011
84 Mila on Apr 13, 2011
85 D.A.R.Y.L on May 10, 2011
86 Miztrujillo on Jul 26, 2011
87 John Sharp on Jul 31, 2011
88 John on Aug 22, 2011
89 Ani Gupta on Nov 6, 2011
90 Hugod on Dec 28, 2011
91 Coojo on Mar 28, 2012
92 Youmna on Apr 13, 2012
93 Robert Stensgaard Ward on Jul 28, 2012
Sorry, no commenting is allowed at this time.
Google has become ubiquitous with online search. According to a research paper published Monday, the company has been abusing its position as the go-to search engine for the Web by promoting its own products in search results.
The researchers behind the study consisted of members of the Yelp data science team, Michael Luca of the Harvard Business School, and legal scholar and former Federal Trade Commission adviser Tim Wu, best known for his role in popularizing the concept of net neutrality. In a paper titled “Is Google degrading search? Consumer Harm from Universal Search,” the group concludes that Google is “reducing social welfare—leaving consumers with with lower quality results and worse matches.”
The paper reaches this conclusion after conducting experiments through a randomized, controlled trial in which Google's self-serving results were compared to results with external content displayed. The results of the research found users were 45 percent more likely to engage with search results that were produced organically, leading to the conclusion that Google is promoting itself over better results.
Tim Wu's involvement in the paper marks a turnaround in the opinion of Wu, who previously believed Google had successfully passed on its own merits an FTC investigation into the company's potentially biased search service. Wu now sees Google's treatment of search results in the same vein as Microsoft‘s bundling of Internet Explorer browser with its Windows operating system: an attempt to promote the company's own product when better alternatives are available.
Both Wu and Lucia were paid for by Yelp for their time and involvement in the research project. Yelp, a major competitor of Google's when it comes to local information, has participated in anti-Google campaign and encouraged European Union regulators to pursue an antitrust suit against the search giant.
H/T The Verge | Photo via jacinta lluch valero/Flickr (CC BY SA 2.0)
A POPULAR TV psychic was filming in Rhyl this week for the hit TV show ‘Most Haunted'.
The trip was cut short however, after he was found on the pavement of Edward Henry Street flailing his arms and shouting incoherently. When passers by eventually stopped to help, Acorah claimed a gang of Burberry clad ghosts had assaulted him and was admitted to Bodelwyddan hospital.
The TV star was physically unharmed, and discharged himself before being seen to by the psychiatric specialist.
“I should be free to go about my job without the threat of being attacked like this. They approached me and told me I was on their turf, all I wanted to do was find out if they had any messages for the living.” he said.
The only message here was Acorah receiving what he claims are ‘spiritual wounds'. He has begun proceedings to sue the town council and while he remains optimistic of a 6 figure payout, sources close to the case are admittedly dubious.
Advertisements
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
A non-final rendering of the Master Chief helmet
Not impressed with the Halo Needler dart gun? Try this instead. Video game toys and collectibles company Neca has announced a Master Chief motorcycle helmet.
And it's not just for show. You can wear this modular helmet on the road, as Neca says it is approved by the Department of Transportation.
Below are some key features (courtesy of Neca) for the helmet, which of course is modeled after the one Halo's Master Chief wears throughout the sci-fi shooter series.
The Master Chief motorcycle helmet ships in July 2015, though pricing was not announced.
Exterior Features:
Convenient modular design
ABS shell with matte UV-protective clear coat
Front air intakes reduce shield fogging; rear exhaust vents keep head cool and dry
Reflective shield with UV protection
Double D-ring nylon chin strap with snap secure
Game-authentic deco
Interior Features:
Contoured center pad with a design that allows heat to dissipate from the top of the scalp
Dual-layer EPS cheek pads for a firm, comfortable fit
Center pad and cheek pads are removable and washable
Soft, moisture-wicking material
Eyeglasses friendly interior
Additional Features:
It's a paradoxical curse. This feels similar to being an early adopter, paying $8000 for a Betamax except it works in reverse. You push and press for being able to spend your hard earned bitcoin. Maybe it was 2014 and you used circle to buy and sell bitcoin for paying things like rent. Maybe you bought an xbox one from newegg and they offerred you a gift card and xbox live service for a year – it was a sweet deal right? Well, You spent a few coin or fractions of a coin, maybe that coin was a few hundred dollars. These days that coin is now worth dozens of thousands of dollars. Kashmir hill paid 130,000 in todays dollars for a sushi which was at the time a tab of a reasonable 10 Bitcoin.
Turns out you're going to spend heavily eventually if you spend early enough. I think I spent .11 bitcoin based on the time of the reciept. That in today's dollars is $1485 dollars – ON AN ANNUAL DOMAIN NAME! So yeah I spent $1500 on a domain this year, what did you do? :3 :/ /s
The flip side I hope was that I was still buying back my bitcoin at the time, though still it just begs me to ask, why didn't I buy up more bitcoin back then, then? I hope that many of the early adopters chose to rebuy any coin they sold or gave away or spent. There are plenty of horror storries to be read through /r/bitcoin if you wish where people have had chances to then lost them all from either early mover greed or speculation that the price was fairly high placed at that time. Also, if it comes that you've reached a major gain on the order of several thousands of more than pat yourself on the back for you have beaten Gold/Silver and your 401k. Spending your time focusing and fixating on what was lost and what could have been will just writhe your good spirits. Comparison not only leads to the death of joy and birth of misery. (I took that from somewhere but cannot recall, so if you know where that came from let me know so I can properly cite them!)
Right, we were on topic on why we're all sort of Lazlo with the Pizza, and it's true! We spend our Bitcoin gleefully when we find out that we can and we look a few years later and holy cow I spent a rent check or a small car or perhaps a Lambo on a disposable, consumable, good. However, had we not participated in the system, had I not given my domain registrar some money, had I not given NewEgg 1.08 Bitcoin for an Xbox One, had I not spent Bitcoin using pizzaforcoins on pizza day in 2015 too, we still would have seen the same prices we see today though I would not have gotten the opportunity to distribute coin through the means that I had – by earning it, then spending it. I suppose I'm glad that I'll have some good stories to tell as Ice-breakers at parties in my future.
Lessons we should take as Lazlos (spenders of bitcoin):
Do not spend ONLY from Bitcoin/Crypto – make sure to replinish what was spent when you do however.
Do not spend your life feeling pestered over what you lost as a result of spending the coin.
Do spend cryptocurrency as you encourage the community through stimulus growth – if you wish to do so without feeling that you're wasting the money then consider spending the bitcoin on services instead of goods – I funded my trip to the 2014 North America Bitcoin conference using Bitcoin and loved it despite the fact that I don't want to consider the trip costs a small luxury car these days.
Instead of point 2 from above: Do cherish the memories that came from the then-new ability to buy things on the internet using cryptocurrency. I still love my xbox and my website here, and that trip I took and will not let my past dictate how I feel in my present.
Elon Musk has long been lauded as one of the greatest minds of our generation, rethinking and tinkering with everything from automobiles and space travel to energy efficiency.
What he did Wednesday night was no exception: the Tesla Motors and SpaceX mastermind breathed new life into the classified ad, making it simultaneously more 2015 and nerdier.
Musk sent a series of tweets letting his 2.9 million followers know that he was hiring for “a super high priority” project, Autopilot, Tesla's autonomous-vehicle division.
So what kind of person is Musk, in his new unofficial role as Digital Human Resource Disruptor, looking to hire? Someone “hardcore” into software, that's for sure. Someone who hasn't necessarily had experience with cars, as of yet. Someone who's willing to go through the trouble of e-mailing sample work to an address he's provided. And, most dauntingly, someone who's going into this knowing they will be interviewed by Musk himself, whom, if hired, they would report to directly.
The tweets, unsurprisingly, kicked up some attention on the ole social network, and Musk himself responded to a few questions about the positions. He explained that he'd accept applicants from anywhere, in one tweet, joked with Box C.E.O. Aaron Levie that his pitch “sounds perfect,” and told tech parody persona Startup L. Jackson that he'd be willing to put up with his swearing.
The hiring spree may have been slightly out of character for the usually measured billionaire. But maybe Musk was feeling particularly out-of-his-shell and into-the-limelight leading up to his appearance on prime time, which was just a week away from last night. Musk is slated to make a cameo on the Thanksgiving episode of CBS's The Big Bang Theory, airing next Thursday.
They say fame changes people, and if that, for Musk, means he'll get publicly aggressive about finding cool engineers who are into automating his Teslas, well, we've seen worse.
Elon Musk FOLLOW Follow to get the latest news and analysis about the players in your inbox. See All Players
1980 World Champions' Gold Cup Copa de Oro de Campeones Mundiales Uruguay '80 Charrúa, the official emblem of the tournament , the official emblem of the tournament Tournament details Host country Uruguay Dates 30 December 1980
10 January 1981 Teams 6 (from 2 confederations) Venue(s) 1 (in 1 host city) Final positions Champions Uruguay Runners-up Brazil Tournament statistics Matches played 7 Goals scored 19 (2.71 per match) Attendance 255,000 (36,429 per match) Top scorer(s) Waldemar Victorino
(3 goals)
The 1980 Mundialito (Spanish for "little World Cup"), or Copa de Oro de Campeones Mundiales ("World Champions' Gold Cup"), was a special international football tournament held in Montevideo, Uruguay, from 30 December 1980, to 10 January 1981, in commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the first World Cup tournament, which had been celebrated in 1930 at the same venue. It was organised by FIFA.[1] The national teams invited were Uruguay (hosts), Italy, West Germany, Brazil, Netherlands, and Argentina, at the time the six former World Cup-winning nations except for the Netherlands – 1974 and 1978 World Cup runners-up – replacing England, who declined the invitation due to an already crowded fixture list. The Mundialito was held in the middle of the European football season (December/January) and the English league (as well as its clubs) were reluctant to release their players for a long journey to another continent. FIFA considers Mundialito as a friendly tournament and therefore it is not official.[2]
Participating teams [ edit ]
England, the 1966 FIFA World Cup champions, declined to participate.
Format [ edit ]
The six teams were distributed in two groups of three: Group "A" was composed of the Netherlands, Italy, and Uruguay; Group B, of Argentina, Brazil, and West Germany. The winners of each group faced each other to decide the tournament winner.
Squads [ edit ]
Each team had a squad of 18 players (two of which had to be goalkeepers).
Outcome [ edit ]
Uruguay and Brazil won their respective groups and played the final, with Uruguay defeating Brazil 2–1 with a late goal, the same result that had occurred 30 years earlier between the two teams in the deciding match of the 1950 World Cup. Uruguay's coach during the Mundialito, Roque Máspoli, had also been Uruguay's goalkeeper in the 1950 match.
Group stage [ edit ]
Group A [ edit ]
Pos Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 Uruguay 2 2 0 0 4 0 +4 4 Final 2 Italy 2 0 1 1 1 3 −2 1 3 Netherlands 2 0 1 1 1 3 −2 1
[3]
Rules for classification:
Points
Goal difference
Number of goals scored
Source:Rules for classification:
Drawing of lots
Group B [ edit ]
Pos Team Pld W D L GF GA GD Pts Qualification 1 Brazil 2 1 1 0 5 2 +3 3 Final 2 Argentina 2 1 1 0 3 2 +1 3 3 West Germany 2 0 0 2 2 6 −4 0
[3]
Rules for classification:
Points
Goal difference
Number of goals scored
Drawing of lots Source:Rules for classification:
Final [ edit ]
Scorers [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
article
Senate Republicans set on reworking the Affordable Care Act are considering taxing employer-sponsored health insurance plans, a move that would meet stiff resistance from companies and potentially raise taxes on millions of people who get coverage on the job.
Continue Reading Below
The move could raise billions in revenue that could be used to help stabilize the fragile individual insurance market. But it could be politically risky, since it could expand the impact of GOP health proposals from Medicaid recipients and those who buy insurance on their own to the roughly 177 million people who get coverage through their employers.
A number of lawmakers are open to the idea, including Sen. Mike Lee (R., Utah), GOP aides said, but there is no consensus yet on whether it should be included in the draft bill being written during this week's congressional recess.
Under longstanding tax law, compensation in the form of health insurance isn't treated as income for workers. That means employers can deduct the cost and the value isn't subject to payroll taxes or individual income taxes. It is a system that economists say distorts the market in favor of generous insurance packages, but like other tax breaks, it has proven popular and difficult to dislodge.
Previous efforts to end the tax break have faltered. House Republicans, in crafting their version of the health bill earlier this year, considered limiting the amount companies could exclude from employees' income for health coverage, but dropped the idea when it faced an immediate pushback.
Business groups opposed the House proposal vigorously, and many House Republicans expressed alarm over the practical and political impact.
Advertisement
"Most of America gets their insurance through the workplace," said Rep. Warren Davidson (R., Ohio) in an interview Thursday. The House proposal "was an overhaul of the only part [of the health system] that isn't broken inherently," he said.
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R., Wis.), who floated the idea in his own health proposal, has said the tax code unfairly favors people who get their health insurance through work over those who buy it on their own. Republicans, Mr. Ryan said in March, want to "stop the discrimination in the tax code against people who want to go out in a free marketplace and buy the health care of their choosing."
A spokesman for Sen. Lee said he was open to a tax on employer plans but wasn't ready to commit to supporting anything until he saw the details, particularly how the revenue would be used.
Republicans are hoping to get the health-care law passed in the Senate by the end of June, an ambitious goal given that they have yet to reach consensus on key policy issues.
Nearly all premiums for employer-provided insurance are excluded from federal income and payroll taxes, an arrangement that cost the federal government more than $250 billion in fiscal 2016, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. The portion of premiums paid by employees is often also excluded from taxable income.
The exclusion gives employers an incentive to offer more generous coverage, and economists say that raises total premiums and encourages unnecessary spending. Companies and unions who have fought to retain the exclusion say taxing the plans would prompt employers to scale back benefits, pass the cost of the tax to workers, or stop offering coverage altogether.
Despite the political risk, the idea appeals to some senators because it could bring in a lot of money. That is critical because the health bill must achieve at least $119 billion in budgetary savings over the next decade, under Senate procedures allowing the legislation to pass with a simple majority.
Republicans in both chambers have long favored limiting the exclusion but recognized the political risk. "If you start taxing workers for health benefits, you're really expanding the number of people affected by these proposals," said Larry Levitt, a senior vice president at the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Discomfort with the tax-free status of employer-sponsored health coverage isn't limited to Republicans. Former President Barack Obama supported a 40% levy on generous employer plans, though that move, known as the Cadillac tax, has been delayed by Congress until 2020.
--Richard Rubin contributed to this article.
Write to Stephanie Armour at stephanie.armour@wsj.com and Kristina Peterson at kristina.peterson@wsj.com
What's 301 minus 75? Only 33 percent of fourth-graders in Detroit know the answer.
In another sad development for the struggling district, local and national officials this morning announced Detroit students in fourth and eighth grade recorded the lowest math scores in the history of the National Assessment of Educational Progress standardized test.
69 percent of fourth graders and 77 percent of eighth graders scored below basic skill levels on the test, given to 18 urban districts across the nation.
One question asked eighth-graders: "In a box of six red pencils, four green pencils and five blue pencils, what is the probability of randomly selecting a green pencil?"
Only 34 percent of Detroit students answered correctly, compared to a national average of 77 percent and a large-city average of 67 percent.
Concerned by the results, Michael Casserly, executive director of the D.C.-based Council of the Great City Schools, flew to Detroit to discuss the results.
He said scores were "only slightly better than what one would expect by chance as if the kids had never gone to school and simply guessed at the answers," and called for a complete overhaul of the school system.
Robert Bobb, appointed this year by Gov. Jennifer Granholm as emergency financial manager for the Detroit Public Schools, agreed.
"You'll never move the dial if you're afraid to know where you are,"
, calling the results a "wake-up call" for the city.
Mayor Dave Bing called on parents, teachers, administrators and lawmakers to rally together to address the situation.
"If we do not improve our scores and have a well-educated workforce, we will not be able to attract new businesses and job opportunities for our residents," he said in a released statement. "We can not afford to lose another child.”
Warning sirens blared in southern Israel Tuesday as a rocket from the Gaza Strip was fired into the country, the Israel Defense Forces said.
The army said the projectile struck an open area in the Hof Ashkelon Regional Council.
No injures were immediately reported, and soldiers were searching the area, the IDF said.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
While no group immediately claimed Tuesday's rocket fire, Israel holds Hamas responsible for all rockets emanating from the Strip.
Hamas, the terror group that rules Gaza, has largely refrained from firing rockets into Israel since it fought a devastating war with Israel in 2014. Launches have often been ascribed to radical Salafist groups.
Last month, the IDF said that a rocket fired from Gaza landed in an open area of the Sha'ar Hanegev Regional Council, after earlier saying that the rocket had exploded in mid-air.
In June, the Israel Air Force struck a number of targets tied to the Hamas terror group in response to a rocket launch from the coastal enclave.
In recent months, a number of false warning sirens have also been heard in southern Israel.
Jeff Smith: The Long and Winding Journey to My Second Act
One year ago, I arrived in the small town of Manchester, Kentucky, a scenic spot tucked deep in an Appalachian mountain hollow, where I would be spending most of 2010. Before I was shown my new digs, the staff processed me. That meant going repeatedly through the standard battery of questions. The third questioner finished and sent me to a heavyset woman.
“Height and weight?” she asked.
“5'6”, 120.”
She examined my slight frame and frowned. “Education level?”
I winced. “Ph.D.”
She shot me a skeptical look. “Last profession?”
“State Senator.”
She rolled her eyes. “Well, I'll put it down if you want. If you wanna play games, play games. We got ones who think they're Jesus Christ, too.”
She then sent me to the counselor, a small sandy-haired man wearing a light blue polo shirt and a wispy mustache. He flipped through the pre-sentencing report, pausing briefly to absorb the summary of the case, and shook his head. “This is crazy,” he said quietly, without looking at me. “You shouldn't be here. Waste of time. Money. Space.”
A guard approached and escorted me to a bathroom without a door. Then another guard appeared. Gruff and morbidly obese, he spoke in a thick Kentucky drawl. “Stree-ip,” he commanded. I stripped.
“Tern'round,” he barked. I turned around.
“Open up yer prison wallet,” he ordered.
I looked at him quizzically.
“Tern'round and open yer butt cheeks.”
I complied.
“Alright, youare good to go.” he said.
I wasn't Senator Smith anymore, or Professor Smith. I was #36607-044.
******
Click here to read Jeff Smith's stunning expose on sex, lies and prison: “When J.T. Met Porkchop”
Exactly six months earlier, I'd bounded onto the elevator up to my lawyer's office, nodding at a familiar-looking man in a gray suit. Like most politicians, I had a uniform. Blue shirt, sleeves rolled-up, yellow tie, slim-fitting khakis, wavy, longish hair: the picture of a young, energetic state senator with what many observers deemed a bright future on a larger stage. I was coming off a successful legislative session in which I'd filibustered a major bill for weeks before reaching a compromise in the wee hours of the final day that gave me 90% of what I wanted – the protection of tax credits that helped revitalize inner-city St. Louis. I'd sponsored and passed two bills that reformed our state's child support laws, one which helped men struggling to pay child support avoid crippling felony convictions and instead be diverted to a special “fathering court” where they could receive job training and the support to get back on their feet. I was finally starting to figure out how the Capitol really worked – and how to make the system work for my constituents.
Three years before, a filmmaker had made an award-winning film chronicling my near-miss, youth-powered, long-shot congressional campaign titled “Can Mr. Smith Get to Washington Anymore?”,which was short-listed for an Oscar. And sure enough, as I watched the lights on the buttons flash in the elevator up to my lawyer's office, the nondescript guy in the gray suit asked, “So, you gonna run for Congress again, Mr. Smith? Or City Hall?”
When I got back onto the elevator an hour later, the spring in my step was gone. My lawyer had informed me that a) my political career was over, b) my best friend and closest ally had been taping our private conversations for months, c) the contents of these tapes would be splashed across the front page of the newspaper for weeks on end, and d) I was probably going to jail.
******
When I arrived at my unit, I was the only white person, which immediately made me a source of curiosity.
“White-collar?” one guy asked.
“Yup.”
“What you're done did?”
“Lied to the feds.”
“Damn, how they know?” asked another.
“One of my best friends was wired.”
A chorus of “Punk-ass motherfucker!”s rained down.
Then somebody said, “Dude need to get chalked.” That was slang, I realized, describing a body at a crime scene.
The chorus went “Hmm-hmmmmm!”
I soon learned that it was taboo to ask someone why they were locked up, as it was occasionally a sore subject. (Apparently the fact that I was 5'6” and 120 pounds upon arrival mitigated my cell block's apprehension about asking me immediately.) I did learn that all the guys in the unit at that point were high school dropouts. However, they knew more about criminal law than most of my former colleagues in the state Senate.
They were mostly drug dealers who got caught with enough crack to receive a mandatory minimum sentence and began 5-20 year bids at medium- or high-security institutions before transferring to lower security levels and ultimately reaching the Promised Land of the federal prison system, the minimum-security prison. Even after a decade or more without Internet access, they avidly followed pending legislation that could ameliorate their situations. Most had memorized not only the relationship between crimes and their corresponding offense levels according to federal guidelines (along with the additional point values of various “enhancements” sought by prosecutors), but had also memorized the exact range of months for each offense level.
Of course, not all the prisoners were angels. My cellie had been in and out of prison for 25 years. When the conversation turned to taxes, he gazed out the window. “Shit, I have been locked up so long I don't know when the last time was I filed taxes,” he said wistfully. “They don't give you any muthafuckin W-2 when you're slingin' dope.”
******
I thought of this the other day when I started work on my taxes. Life's a little different these days than it was the last time I did my taxes. For starters, I didn't have much income in 2010, just a few thousand bucks in the year's final months after I came home from some free-lance research and writing. I'm finishing a manuscript, but my agent hasn't sold it to a publisher yet. I helped write the electoral analysis piece of St. Louis's bid for the Democratic National Convention, but we didn't get picked, so I didn't get paid. I'm interviewing for a couple professorships, but no offers yet. I have a few private sector offers, but I'm not passionate about selling products or services or anything, really, except ideas. I was asked to be a regular guest on a morning show for a talk radio station, but they were reluctant to pay – and with a new wife and a kid on the way, I can't work for free right now. Board members at area nonprofits have asked me to apply for their executive director openings, but they have formal processes, and formal processes don't bode well for felons.
So while I figure the long-term stuff out, I'm consulting for a statewide group that promotes affordable housing, helping direct their legislative and membership engagement strategies, and about to begin similar work for another group. It's good for now – intellectually stimulating, politically relevant, and well-compensated, compared to what I was making a year ago at this time.
And now, I am trying to oblige my friend Jonathan Miller, who gave me 1500 words to explain where I am…when I don't know exactly where that is myself. What I do know is that I have a personal assistant provided by http://TheRecoveringPolitician.com, a bright and witty UK grad named Robert who edits my work and helps on the tech side. Yes, that's where I am: a self-employed felon with an intern at my disposal, the veritable CEO of Kramerica.
But enough pathos. I had a tax question: do I include my prison wages as income?
The prison Captain, who served as the warden's chief disciplinarian, had confronted me a few days after my arrival, claiming that I'd broken prison rules by negotiating with a literary agent. The next day I got my work assignment: loading and unloading trucks in the prison warehouse from 7 a.m.-3 p.m each day. I started at $5.25/month before hard work and rising seniority helped me get a raise to $21.75/month. On my first day at work, the Captain sneered at me and laughed as he watched me jump out of the back of the truck. It was then that I realized my work assignment was no accident.
I worked with six other guys to haul the food that fed 2000+ people at the two prisons on the compound. Most days we moved 30-40,000 pounds of food into two warehouses and five huge industrial freezers, where we spent a few hours a day in -20 degree temperatures. Meat arrived in 20- to 80-pound boxes; rice, sugar, beans, and flour in 100-pound bags. Four of my colleagues were twice my weight; the other two nearly three times (310 and 350 pounds, respectively). But as sore as my back was most nights, I focused on the silver lining: when you come into prison at 120 pounds, it's nice to be buddies with the biggest guys on the compound.
The long hours made for bonding, and it turned out that the guys needed a point guard for their basketball team in the prison league, which was the highlight of everyone's week (especially the bookies). A lifetime of playing and coaching basketball had helped me survive in politics; my biggest event was a 3-on-3 tournament that I started in the city's most violent neighborhood and attracted thousands of spirited but peaceful youths each year. Never did I imagine that basketball would let me build the friendships to help me survive in prison.
By most standards, my tax question was inconsequential: my cumulative pay for my eight months in prison was about $100. That said, the original offense leading to my predicament had also seemed relatively minor: I'd signed an affidavit falsely claiming ignorance of an anonymous postcard sent during a losing campaign five years earlier which highlighted an opponent's poor attendance record. (In fact, I'd approved a staffer's request to meet with the man who planned the mailer; the wiretaps caught me admitting as much, along with a few other choice comments.)
So no, $100 wasn't much – hell, if Madoff ganked billions for decades without anyone catching on, and if Dick Fuld pillaged Lehman Brothers for a half billion before slinking out the back door, I could probably get away with not declaring $100 of prison wages.
But this time, I decided not to risk it.
———
Enjoy this post?
Check out the RP's essay — “Why Barry Bonds Should NOT go to Jail” –in which he argues that Jeff Smith should NOT have been sentenced to serve time in a jail with violent offenders.
Also, read Jeff Smith's follow-up piece about the lessons he learned during his jail sentence: “Learning Entreprenuership in Jail“
Also, check out these other terrific stories about recovery and redemption:
The RP's “My Dad, RFK and the Greatest Speech of the 2oth Century”
John Y. Brown, III's hilarious “What Do We Do Now?”
Ronald J. Granieri's “The Unkindness of Strangers”
Jason Atkinson's “A Real Political Recovery“
Hello,
My new science fiction novelette called: “The One Who Turned Them On” will be FREE on 12/10/13 and 12/11/13 for Kindle at Amazon.com: http://www.amazon.com/One-Turned-Them-Energy-Scavengers-ebook/dp/B00GWQLUI2/
Here is the video trailer:
Here is the Cover Art:
Synopsis: “On a planet exclusively populated by alien robots, machines struggle to find purpose after abandonment by their creators. Kairos, the highly intelligent and massive weather-machine, monitors the world with cold academic curiosity atop of the great canyon system. He cares only for storms and other significant meteorological events. While below, common worker-bots scavenge daily to find scraps of power that will allow them to subsist in this increasingly savage environment. The Body, a growing robot-collective, is slowly taking over the canyons and oppressing all those that resist its will. Viewing any free power source as a threat, The Body, moves to enlist Kairos in its quest to destroy a mythic, sky-deity who has been benevolently restoring power to injured and disabled machines. Only Ophis, an insignificant and crippled worker-bot, stands in the path of this nefarious task. Will Kairos look beyond his own self-interests, or will he too kow-tow to the collective?”
Series Overview: This is the second installment in a robot-themed series which tells the story exclusively through the eyes of machines. The works are interconnected but can stand on their own.
*** Available for free on 12/10/13 and 12/11/13 at Amazon ***
Thank you for your time.
-Ryan Sean O'Reilly
Advertisements
Why do we even need levels?
Levels provide a path of advancement, communicating expectations and milestones for career growth. Levels codify seniority, a way to for management to communicate and grant authority. Levels promote fairness of pay, mapping capabilities, responsibilities, and experience to compensation. Levels allow for rationalizing the hiring of higher paid, more experienced employees, without disgruntling existing employees or getting push back from finance. Levels make it easier to scale up by codifying management policies. Levels allow applicants to self-select into a desired band of responsibility and pay, increasing attractiveness of job postings to experienced candidates. Levels provide a reward mechanism for social recognition through titles and implied respect.
When should you institute levels?
Putting aside deliberately flat organizations, many startups and small companies also lack levels, simply because they aren't big enough to need to stratify or just haven't gotten around to it yet.
Any one of the above reasons to have levels might drive you to start talking about them with your team. In my experience, when company size exceeds Dunbar's number (between 100 and 250) the social relationships within the company start to break down and you start needing much more process and policy to hold the company together. The next point of inflection comes when a single department exceeds Dunbar's number. So if your engineering department reaches 100+ you might start thinking seriously about levels, if you haven't instituted them already.
The critical point comes when your employees start asking "Why should I care what this person thinks? I don't know them. I don't work with them regularly. I don't know their experience or specialty." Now you might counter that with "You should trust that your company hired smart people." But that's not a very satisfying answer, especially if you don't know their boss either.
Really, it comes down to communication. Levels communicate several things. If you institute levels you communicate those things explicitly so that you don't need to communicate them implicitly or one-on-one any more.
How many levels is enough?
There's no one right answer to this question. As with most engineering questions, the answer is "It depends."
One of the oldest example of levels is seen in the guild system of artisans or merchants. Guilds helped originate the idea of lifetime progression from apprentice to journeyman to master to grandmaster. These levels allowed guild members to demand recognition and increased compensation from their peers and their customers.
Guilds were eventually largely supplanted by corporations, but the meme of levels hasn't gone away. In some ways, the idea of artisan levels even overlaps somewhat with concepts like The American Dream, which revolves around the availability and achievement of upward social mobility. If all level grants increased compensation and recognition, then advancing through the levels also advances one socially. Of course, engineering levels wont span the same gamut, from pauper to titan of industry, but it does express a subset, perhaps just within the middle and upper middle classes.
Interestingly, most modern leveling rubrics define a lot more than just the four levels used by the guild system. A fascinating resource is levels.fyi . Given that data, it seems the majority of represented companies have between 5 and 9 distinct software engineering levels. For example, Google's has 9 software engineer levels while California has 5 programmer analyst levels . Both of these are popular examples to emulate based on a history of successful operation and logical separations.
What level are managers?
One thing that's called out in California's levels, that isn't as obvious from Google's, is the qualification of "supervisor", which usually means direct management. Despite the clarity in the official series tho, the implementation of matrix management often confuses the topic. Google's, on the other hand, focuses on technical leadership, with management being a tangential concept. You might have to be at least an T5 (senior) to manage other people, but you might also be an T8 (principal) with no direct reports.
Having worked under both types of regimes, I think it makes more sense for management to either be an attribute that modifies your level, or a separate leveling series that branches from and overlaps with the independent contributors, rather than trying to fit both into the same leveling series. The biggest reason for this is that management is effectively a completely different skill set than programming. Both roles eventually get into politics and heavy communication at higher tiers, but they often require distinctly different personalities, talents, experience, and goals.
Are levels the same as titles?
Again, it depends. Titles are hard.
The more interesting question is perhaps whether titles should indicate role or just level. If you're on the Platform Team and you're a Senior Engineer, does that make you a Senior Platform Engineer? What if you're new to platforms but not to engineering?
This complexity has lead to a situation where many tech companies let you make up your own title , or put whatever you want on your business card. This isn't really a solution tho, especially if you're using levels to help communicate. Substituting a user chosen title probably communicates something else, generating confusion rather than alignment and clarity.
My suggestion? Compound titles. Being a "Senior Engineer on the Platform Team" communicates a lot more effectively than "Senior Platform Engineer", unless for some reason you have so many Platform Engineers that they get their own leveling series. Plus, with compound titles, you can easily indicate that you're a manager or supervisor if you don't have a distinct leveling series for that.
Another branch that is sometimes implemented is a separate leveling series for architects. This is more controversial and less common, but as with management, system architecture spanning multiple projects and teams and domains often requires different personalities, talents, experience, and goals than programming or design of individual components and smaller scale systems.
What might standard levels look like?
These levels probably aren't perfect, but they're probably a good place to start from, and iterate on if you decide they don't match your needs exactly.
For reference, guild levels are mapped to every other level. This is because the guild levels are well defined historical ideas that help communicate without needing to define them every time you use them.
Intern Associate (Apprentice) Senior Associate Staff (Journeyman) Senior Staff Principal (Master) Senior Principal Fellow (Grandmaster) Senior Fellow
The target of these levels was originally software engineers, but it turns out they're applicable to a variety of positions, like designers, analysts, hardware engineers, technical sales, etc.
Who is junior?
No one likes being called junior. You could get away with calling an intern junior, but you might as well just call them an intern. It's more descriptive and less derogatory. Likewise, you don't need to call anyone entry if everyone above them is qualified by seniority.
What is an associate?
Retail companies, especially in high fashion, often call their entry level of floor sales people Sales Associates. This almost ubiquitous usage just isn't worth conflicting with.
An associate is someone who is connected with the organization or has subordinate membership. The connotation of being connected to but not necessarily a part of the organization may not be entirely accurate when used for Full Time Employees (FTEs), but it does at least imply at or near entry level.
If the word itself is contentious, one option is just to leave it out, without affecting the leveling. For example, T2 could be "Software Engineer" while T3 is "Senior Software Engineer".
Who is senior?
Some people really don't like the deflation of the "senior" qualifier common to the tech industry. Senior when discussing age usually means over 65 years, the relative peak of life, rather than something describing 20-somethings. But when you have more than a few levels, it's often hard to find English qualifiers to express seniority.
Some companies use Senior as the level above staff. Some companies use Senior as the second level above no distinct title. For my proposal, I used Senior as the "tock" to the guild level's "tick". This way Senior gets a distinct meaning as a sub-qualifier and doesn't need to be put on the same scale relative to the primary qualifiers of Associate, Staff, Principal, and Fellow.
Another benefit of making Senior a sub-qualifier is that you sidestep the problem of whether Senior is above or below Staff, which often confuses people.
Who is a lead?
Tech Lead or Lead is often used as a level, but in my experience it tends to imply leading a team of peers. If you have more or less leads than teams then who's leading each team? Lead is too tightly coupled with the organization structure and roles. So it's easier just to leave it out of the levels.
Why not distinguished?
The problem with using "Distinguished" as a level is that it implies that one stands out from the crowd. It's hard to go further than being distinguished. It doesn't make sense for Senior to modify Distinguished either, because they are both adjectives. So either Distinguished needs to be at the top or it needs to be a third modifier above Senior, which puts it too low. What exactly would a Distinguished Associate be? It sounds more important than a Staff member. So that's not going to work.
The other problem that Google ran into is that they had to add more levels as time went on. The top when they instituted levels wasn't enough. For example, they eventually needed to add Senior Fellow to give Jeff Dean a new title in 2013. So putting Distinguished at top makes an artificial cap you might need to expand past.
Why not partner?
I don't want to answer every objection here, but there are definitely some places, like Microsoft, that use Partner as an alternative to Fellow or at least above Principal. I left it out for a few reasons. First, partner is often used to describe external individuals or companies that are being collaborated with for integration or supply or sales, and having it be a title might be too ambiguous. Second, law firms and banks often use Partner to describe partial owners of a private firm, but this conflicts with ownership through public stock and can be confusing when a private company goes public.
How do I implement this?
Another hard question! I'm gonna call this out of scope of this article, otherwise I'll never finish. ;) But there's definitely more to do that I will leave as an exercise for the reader and maybe explore in a future post:
What responsibilities does each level have?
What are the pay scales for each level?
What experience or knowledge is required for each level?
How does leveling affect who you report to?
How do you re-level people when instituting levels?
Software Engineering levels are a mess.Every company decides what their levels are, what they mean, what they're called, what the pay scales are, and they're all different. But what if they weren't?Some companies, like Netflix and Valve, have decided to forgo levels and inflated titles in favor of deliberate flattening. This often goes along with a flattening of organization structure as well. Both decisions have pros and cons. I can't effectively argue for flattening, so I wont waste keystrokes on that (yet). Feel free to provide reasoning for that in the comments. Instead, lets look at why you might want levels...
MONTEVERDE, Costa Rica — Marvin Rockwell is a man full of stories. Originally from Fairhope, Alabama, Rockwell, 92, gives presentations about his life almost every day of the week to students, tourists or anyone else who might be interested in Monteverde, a hamlet in the cloud forests of Costa Rica's northwestern highlands. He takes his plastic sandwich bag of photos almost everywhere he goes. He knows the story behind each one. He is the patriarch of a small diaspora of Americans who, more than six decades ago, left their country when they felt their religious values were in jeopardy. Their impact on this traditionally agricultural region was deep, and they are still a visible part of the community here. But times are changing in Monteverde. A tourism boom that transformed the economy, changing climate, conservation efforts and modernization continue to mold the community into something many of the earliest Quakers wouldn't recognize. Yet the community has witnessed it all alongside their Costa Rican neighbors, and the institutions they created — such as a school — continue to be the some of the pillars in the region. Despite all the shifts and worries over the future, it still seems that you can't tell the story of Monteverde without also recounting that of the Quakers from Fairhope. Rockwell went to Monteverde 64 years ago. The year was 1951. He was 28 at the time and had just finished serving one-third of an 18-month prison sentence with three other members of his community. The men had refused to register for the draft. They were Quakers, a religious sect with a strong emphasis on nonviolence and equality that traces its roots to 17th century Protestant dissenters in England. Taking another human life is against Quakers' faith, but failing to register for compulsory military service in the United States was against the law. “We and others in the meeting got to talking about it and thought, ‘Well, we ought to move out of the States,'” Rockwell said. A meeting is a congregation of Quakers. The denomination's official name is the Religious Society of Friends.
Marvin Rockwell, 92. Ryan Schuessler The Quakers of Fairhope began looking for a new place to live. Canada was too cold. Australia and New Zealand were too far. The group started looking at countries in Latin America. One couple went to visit several countries in the region to scout out a new home for the community. They decided on Costa Rica, “which had abolished its own army in 1948,” Rockwell said with a grin. A mere eight days after his sentence was finished, Rockwell joined 44 Quakers from 11 families in Fairhope as part of an exodus to Costa Rica. Some flew; Rockwell and his family drove, including his 72-year-old father and 65-year-old mother. The journey from Fairhope to San José, Costa Rica's capital, took three months. It took one month alone to get to the first town across the border from Nicaragua — a distance of 12 miles. It was before the Pan-American Highway was completed. The Quakers from Alabama made roads when they found none. It is an intricate story that sounds more like fiction. Picking up Spanish as they went, the Quakers slowly made their way south through Latin America. Rockwell recalled one story. Several members of their caravan were swimming in a river after crossing into Costa Rica from Nicaragua. They noticed that some locals were frantically shouting at them in Spanish. That's when they learned the Spanish word for “shark.” “Sure enough, we saw a gray fin come out of the water,” Rockwell said, holding his hand up to look like the dorsal fin of a shark. Bull sharks are known to dwell occasionally in the rivers of Costa Rica. The community settled in a highland agricultural region that came to be known as Monteverde. When they arrived here, the Quakers improved the roads, introduced hydroelectricity and built a bilingual school. The community established the region's first corporation, a cheese factory that serendipitously used Quaker Oats canisters as molds. Rockwell, who received basic medical training during World War II, saw the region through a hepatitis epidemic. The community created the region's first forest reserve, around the headwaters of a stream they used for water. “The Quaker community had a very profound impact on the community because of their philosophy of peace,” said longtime resident Patricia Jiminez Castillo. The Quakers intermarried with the locals. Rockwell and his wife had three children and adopted two more.
‘We and others in the meeting got to talking about it and thought, ‘Well, we ought to move out of the States.'' Marvin Rockwell 92-year-old Quaker in Monteverde
“It is a different situation to be in,” said Benito Guindon, a Quaker whose newlywed parents were part of the first group to arrive from Alabama. “I definitely inherited ways of thinking and living from my parents, who came from the United States.” Guindon, who sported a bushy white beard and red beret, was born in Monteverde in 1958. He doesn't identify as an American, even though he has U.S. citizenship and a passport. “At the times I lived in the United States, I felt like a foreigner,” he said. “Here, I feel right at home.” Many of the Quakers in Monteverde have returned to the United States for short periods at various times, but most return, and the community has continued to grow. Quakers from the United States have come and gone over the years, and today the meeting has approximately 90 members, Rockwell said. More than 100 students are enrolled in the bilingual school, mostly non-Quaker children. “The last couple years, there's been at least two families that moved from the United States to Monteverde to send their kids to our school,” Rockwell said. The Smiths are one of those families. In 2004, Ran Smith and Nicolette Smith moved to Monteverde from Austin, Texas, with their 3-year-old daughter. “The motivation was just to have the opportunity to move abroad and try a different lifestyle,” Nicolette Smith said. Her daughter and son, who was born in Monteverde, both attend the Quaker school. But unlike most people who have moved to Monteverde, Ran Smith and Nicolette Smith became Quakers only recently, in 2012 and 2013, respectively. In their 40s, they are two of the youngest adults in the meeting. Of the approximately 90 members of the Monteverde meeting, only about 17 are “able-bodied” and active, Nicolette Smith said. Their religion is one that does not proselytize, so new members join only on their own initiative, and there haven't been many in recent years. “If we continue to [get] new members at the rate that we have, we'll have to have more children,” she said. “If [more people don't join], it'll die,” Ran Smith said. “We have more attendees than members, and that goes for a lot of meetings. It's systemic in the society as a whole.”
Rockwell's photos document the Quaker community of Monteverde through the decades. Ryan Schuessler
You're going to want very dense, lush looking lashes for this smoky look. That means multiple coats.My go-to mascara has always been L'Oréal Voluminous Carbon Black. This is a “night out” makeup, so I'd opt for the waterproof…just in case your night gets WILD!I get the most dramatic, clump-free results by applying a few thin coats of mascara. I coat the lashes, then comb through with a clean mascara spoolie or an eyelash comb. I let each coat dry completely before moving to the next. It usually takes 3 light coats on upper lashes and, at least, two coats on lowers to get the most dramatic results. If you're lash-challenged, you could add a set of feathery false eyelashes, but make sure they look pretty, not drag-ish (you know what i mean…lol).
Finishing The Look
I avoid using obvious blush color when eye makeup is this strong – the cheek color competes with the beautiful neutrality of the eyes. Try using a bronzer instead. I feel the same way about lip color, it should be closer to nude, so it doesn't compete for attention with those sultry eyes.
Springbok coach Heyneke Meyer named an unchanged match-23 to face New Zealand at Eden Park in Auckland in the fourth round of The Rugby Championship on Saturday (local time).
“We're very fortunate to have a touring squad of 28 fit players to choose from but following the performance last weekend against Australia, it made sense not to make any changes,” said Springbok coach Heyneke Meyer.
“Continuity in selection has been something we wanted to address this year and I'm very happy that we've not been forced into making too many changes yet. The 23 who played against Australia, deserved another chance this week as we believe in rewarding good form.
“I have faith in all the players in the squad and I feel we've now got to a situation where any player can come in at any stage without too much disruption.”
After beating Australia for the first time at Suncorp Stadium last weekend, the Springboks travelled to New Zealand where they will face the tough task of securing their first away victory over the All Blacks since 2009.
“We had a good win last weekend, but that is in the past now,” said Meyer.
“Playing the All Blacks in New Zealand is the ultimate challenge in rugby and one we're very excited about facing.
“But the hard work is never done as we want to continuously improve as we evolve as a team, on all aspects of our game.
“We're only halfway through The Rugby Championship with three very tough games ahead, but this weekend we're facing the best team in the world and it will not be easy.”
Springboks team to face the All Blacks:
15 - Zane Kirchner
14 - Willie le Roux
13 - JJ Engelbrecht
12 - Jean de Villiers (captain)
11 - Bryan Habana
10 - Morné Steyn
9 - Ruan Pienaar
8 - Duane Vermeulen
7 - Willem Alberts
6 - Francois Louw
5 - Flip van der Merwe
4 - Eben Etzebeth
3 - Jannie du Plessis
2 - Bismarck du Plessis
1 - Tendai Mtawarira
Replacements:
16 - Adriaan Strauss
17 - Gurthrö Steenkamp
18 - Coenie Oosthuizen
19 - Juandré Kruger
20 - Siya Kolisi
21 - Jano Vermaak
22 - Pat Lambie
23 - Jan Serfontein
More from sanzarrugby.com
TEAM NAMINGS: Argentina / Australia / New Zealand / South Africa
MATCH CENTRES: Wallabies v Pumas / All Blacks v Springboks
RESULTS: Australia 12 - 38 South Africa / New Zealand 28 - 13 Argentina
THE RUGBY CHAMPIONSHIP NEWS: Cooper Cunundrum / Five things we might see / Number one up for grabs / All Blacks wary of their great rivals improvement / No injured Springboks / Back to basics for Australia? / Big screen and referees / Wallabies three point plans / Cane to replace McCaw, Todd called up / Happy Meyer apologises / Pumas update / Five things...Wallabies v Springboks / Five things...All Blacks v Pumas / Player H2H All Blacks v Pumas / Player H2H Wallabies v Springboks / Five things we might see
STATISTICS: Argentina / Australia / New Zealand / South Africa
REFEREES FOR THE RUGBY CHAMPIONSHIP / OFFICIAL RESULTS SHEET, ROUND THREE
SUPER RUGBY NEWS: New Rebels attack coach +2 / Former All Black Tamati Ellison now a Rebel / Chiefs new CEO / Lachie Turner with Reds for 2014 / Brumbies and AIS join forces / The SBW saga takes another twist / Hooper and Schatz best for Waratahs and Reds / Jerome Kaino in a return to New Zealand?
Two people were rescued by firefighters following a blaze at high-rise flats at Brewery Wharf on the edge of Leeds city centre.
Crews from across the county were sent to the fire on the second floor of the Regent Quay flats, in Bowman Lane, at around 1pm yesterday (Nov 6).
A West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service spokesman, said: “The female occupant of the flat discovered the fire, which was caused by a candle which set fire to bedding, and raised the alarm and evacuated.
“The fire and smoke spread to the upper floors and two occupants, a man and woman, were rescued by firefighters after being trapped by smoke on the sixth floor and were taken to hospital.
“The occupant of the flat and the two rescued by firefighters suffered smoke inhalation. Their injuries are not believed to be serious at this time.
“At the height of the fire around 40 firefighters attended from Leeds and the rest of West Yorkshire.
The spokesman said the block has 45 flats and residents were not able to return last night due to the fire damage.
Nick Smith, area manager for West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, said yesterday: “Whilst this has been a significant fire, it has been dealt with quickly limiting smoke and fire spread to just half of the block.
“Due to the scale of the incident fire crews had to work hard to bring the fire under control and establish no-one else was inside.
“Fortunately the fire occurred on a Saturday afternoon when most people were up and about or out of the building.
“None of the other residents were injured. It has not affected our ability to keep West Yorkshire safe this Bonfire Night.
“Unfortunately residents will not be able to return to the building and whilst we understand this may cause some inconvenience, it is a precaution that has been taken for safety reasons and is unavoidable.”
Have you downloaded the free YEP app available on Android and iphone?
CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE ANDROID VERSION OF THE YEP'S FREE NEWS AND SPORT APP
CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE iPHONE VERSION OF THE YEP'S FREE NEWS AND SPORT APP
Federal Reserve Mandate For Full Employment
From its establishment in 1913, the Federal Reserve has had a clear dual mandate to minimize inflation and maximize employment.1 Over the last several decades, however, the Fed has overwhelmingly prioritized its commitment to combating inflation while allowing the pursuit of full employment to take a back seat. As a result, while creditors benefitted from low inflation, Americans who could have been working instead remained unemployed. We believe these anti-inflationary priorities are fundamentally incompatible with the advancement of an economy that promotes widely-shared prosperity and broad access to the middle class.
In recent decades, the Federal Reserve has operated on the theory that “full employment” is an impossible condition to achieve through management of the monetary supply.2 According to this theory, there is a “natural” rate of unemployment that invariably arises in the labor market, and once this level has been achieved, monetary policy should be devoted solely to reducing inflation. But the Federal Reserve's experience with expansionary monetary policy in the late 1990s suggests otherwise – illustrating that a genuine full employment agenda can be pursued without devastating consequences of high inflation.
Consider the facts. Although the recession of the early 1990s peaked in March of 1991, unemployment continued to increase until the middle of the following year, when it began to decline and reach its pre-recession level of 5.5 percent in January of 1996. Many who believe in the existence of a “natural” rate of unemployment expected the unemployment rate to level off at 5.5 percent, but contrary to their expectations, unemployment continued to decline steadily, reaching a three-decade low of 3.9 percent in September 2000.3In other words, the economy of the late 1990s demonstrates that unemployment can diminish without setting off an ever-increasing inflationary spiral. As Jared Bernstein and Dean Baker observe, the country as a whole “benefited enormously from the fact that the Federal Reserve Board was willing to allow the unemployment rate to remain below the estimates of the [natural rate of unemployment] and to wait and see what happened.”4
The benefits of declining unemployment were enjoyed most by those experiencing the greatest exclusion from economic prosperity: From 1995-2000, real hourly earnings for low-wage male workers grew 1.5 percent annually after a twenty year period of falling by 1 percent each year; earnings for low-wage female workers – which were flat for the previous 20 years – grew by 1.8 percent annually from 1995-2000. Unemployment levels dropped at much faster rates for African Americans and particularly African American teenagers than the rest of the economy as a whole.5
Needless to say, these trends did not continue, and economic inequality has only increased over the last 10 years. While the Great Recession clearly contributed to the reversal of these gains, monetary policy also played a role. The process had already started once the Fed resumed its contractionary monetary policy at the beginning of the last decade.6 In order to boost employment over the long term and strengthen the middle class, the Federal Reserve must prioritize its mandate to pursue full employment and maintain low interest rates accordingly.
It is important to note that, as of late, the Federal Reserve has adopted a considerably more expansionary monetary policy, reducing interest rates to the lowest levels in decades and implementing “quantitative easing” policies to expand credit availability.7 These policies are a welcome shift from the blind spots that marked the Fed's pre-recession focus on inflation, when, despite their mandate to promote economic stability, staff and leaders failed to notice the rise of an $8 trillion housing bubble or to consider the spillover effects of its collapse. With the benefit of hindsight, it is clear that the Federal Reserve must take a broader view regarding the fundamentals of economic health. Current policies aim to mitigate that earlier failure, but they are intended largely as short-term stimulus measures to address the recession rather than long-term commitments to promoting full employment.
Our call for the Federal Reserve to embrace its mandate for full employment must be understood as a long-term priority rather than a singular proposal for spurring job growth in the wake of the current economic downturn. Inflationary targets are not enough for a responsible central bank. While aggressive expansionary policy must be maintained by the Fed in order to stimulate job growth in the short-term, it is important to emphasize that our call for full employment is a new framework for strengthening the labor market and expanding the middle class through Federal Reserve policy.
Policy Design
Full employment will always be relative to the particular dynamics of the current labor market. The Federal Reserve should explicitly adopt metrics relating to a high employment-to-population ratio, low numbers of discouraged workers, low numbers of involuntary part-time workers, and a high ratio of job openings to applicants as the basis for monetary policy in the U.S., supplementing its historic focus on inflation rates as the primary object of its attention.
View all policies
ENDNOTES
“Federal Reserve Act,” Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Website, Accessed March 4, 2012. http://www.federalreserve.gov/aboutthefed/fract.htm This theory was initially proposed by Milton Friedman in 1968: Milton Friedman, “The Role of Monetary Policy,” The American Economic Review 58 (1968), Accessed online March 4, 2012. http://www.aeaweb.org/aer/top20/58.1.1-17.pdf Jared Bernstein and Dean Baker, “Full Employment: Don't Give It Up Without a Fight,” Economic Policy Institute Working Paper (January 2002). http://www.epi.org/publication/workingpapers_full-employment/ Bernstein and Baker, “Full Employment,” January 2002. http://www.epi.org/publication/workingpapers_full-employment/ Ibid. Thomas Palley, “Reviving Full Employment Policy,” Economic Policy Institute Briefing Paper #191 (June 2007). http://www.gpn.org/bp191.html “Why are interest rates being kept at a low level?” Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Website, Accessed online March 4, 2012. http://www.federalreserve.gov/faqs/money_12849.htm
“First of all a confession: I was once a member of the PDs,” Eamon Dunphy told a rally in Dublin's Tivoli Theatre on Sunday.
It was a strange opening to a crowd of left-wing activists celebrating the acquittal last week of six men accused of falsely imprisoning then tánaiste Joan Burton and her adviser in Jobstown in 2014.
“And I also worked for Fine Gael when Garret FitzGerald was leader,” the broadcaster continued.
The audience responded with lighthearted jeers. These turned to laughter and applause when he added: “The first thing you have to do is get rid of the Labour Party, because dumb as I am, I never went there, guys.”
Dunphy joined a diverse group of speakers including artist Robert Ballagh and Paddy Hill of the Birmingham Six to celebrate the acquittal of the Jobstown protesters and to call for a united left movement that doesn't include Labour.
“People like me who strayed away looking for answers elsewhere can find them among their own people in their own working-class movement,” Dunphy said.
The remarks from Dunphy, who voted for Fianna Fáil in the last general election, summed up a hatred in the room for Labour, which was matched only by the ill-feeling expressed towards the media, particularly The Irish Times and RTÉ.
Solidarity County Councillor Brian Leech read a poem he wrote immortalising the moment when gardaí pulled Solidarity TD Paul Murphy's top off during the protest in an attempt to move him out of the way of the tánaiste's car.
“Joan Burton herself, and she such a prude, seeing Paul Murphy sitting there half in the nude.”
Other verses had lines about Burton's daughter Aoife (“appalled she was glaring, with a face as long as Bunreacht na hÉireann”) and Judge Melanie Greally (“all touchy and feely”).
There was more poetry and even some music, but this wasn't just a celebration; it was an opportunity to recruit.
“We're unapologetic about this: we want to build the left and we want to build Solidarity,” TD Ruth Coppinger told the packed room as sign-up sheets were passed around.
Back in their boxes
Gail O'Rorke, who was acquitted in 2015 of helping her chronically ill friend Bernadette Forde take her own life, told the audience that she signed up as a member of Solidarity only last week.
She had been at the Jobstown protests and compared her prosecution to last week's trial, “which was an attempt to stop the working-class people in their tracks and put them back in their boxes” with the help of “their best friends in the mainstream media”.
Calls for left unity were echoed by Algeria Hawkins, a Black Lives Matter activist, who appeared via video link from New York. Hawkins told the audience that working people of the world need an alternative to “the Wall Street agenda” and “the parties of big business”.
The loudest cheers of the afternoon were reserved for Murphy who, after repeating the criticisms of the mainstream media and the establishment parties, ended on a militant note.
“I want to make them pay for what they did to us, the defendants, and to the people of Jobstown,” he said. “The best way to make them pay is to make their fears a reality. To build a left that is capable of challenging and ultimately ending their power.”
The three websites that represent the pinnacle of disgruntled gamers hating politicized, corporatized and agenda-driven news coverage are the three sites that didn't make OpenCritic's top 15 list of most trusted gaming sites for 2016.
This was revealed over on the OpenCritic blog, where they posted up an article on March 22nd, 2017 detailing the top top 15 most trusted gaming websites throughout 2016. According to the blog…
“This list is generated by looking at the percentage of users who included a particular publication in their personal score when that publication was available. To ensure that we have enough data for each publication, only publications that were listed on OpenCritic prior to October 1st could qualify.”
The top 15 most trusted sites can be viewed below.
Easy Allies Eurogamer PC Gamer Giant Bomb Game Informer Ars Technica TotalBiscuit, The Cynical Brit GamesRadar+ GameSpot The Escapist TechRaptor GameTrailers Destructoid Rock, Paper, Shotgun iDigitalTimes
Quite naturally, some people might hop to the defense and say “Well, maybe Kotakuy, IGN and Polygon weren't listed before October 1st, 2016!” That would be a great defense save for the fact that Kotaku, IGN and Polygon have been listed since before October 1st, 2016.
You can check the profile stats for Kotaku, IGN and Polygon. Each of the sites has been on OpenCritic well before October 1st.
So clearly, the sites were eligible for making the list but didn't exhibit content that users felt were trustworthy enough to make the top 15.
This isn't too surprising given that gamers have regularly made their displeasure known with some of the larger sites out there. From IGN leading the charge with calling gamers “entitled” over the Mass Effect 3 ending, to Kotaku and Polygon focusing heavily on sociopolitical topics designed to divide and anger the community, it was bound to have an effect on how people saw all three sites in terms of trustworthiness. That's not to mention that Kotaku and Polygon still have have trouble with simple disclosures, as outlined in their frequently updated DeepFreeze profiles.
One of the highlights of OpenCritic's list is that at least fan-favorite, trustworthy sites like TechRaptor and individuals like TotalBiscuit managed to make the cut.
Others on OpenCritic's most trusted list like PC Gamer still rank high despite them coming out against movements like #GamerGate, claiming that they chose to ignore the corruption in media, despite the fact that one of their own executive editors was dating a Ubisoft employee while promoting their games.
Alternatively, Rock, Paper, Shotgun most recently tried siccing a witch hunt on a developer after misconstruing code in order to claim sexism, and preach from a soap box about gender politics in Rimworld.
Ars Technica, Games Radar, Destructoid and Giant Bomb also previously had members on the GameJournoPros, and a few actively participated in unethical behavior, but it appears as if all is forgiven and the community still trusts those sites given their ranking on OpenCritic's list.
I haven't heard any updates from O2 and Symantec recently over their defamation and censorship of men's human rights sites, so I decided to reexamine the list of sites (it now stands at almost 90). It seems to have been worth my while and there is the least a little good news.Previously, following my complaints, Glenn Sacks of Fathers and Families had his site unblocked, similalrly the other unblocked site also pertained to fathers' issues. O2 appeared to be standing by their hate smears, indicating as such on Twitter just yesterday and have not mentioned any more sites being unblocked. In reality, my testing shows a number of additional father related sites have been unblocked and are no longer suffering this vile defamation. These include:This now leaves father-related sites as quite a small minority on the "hate" list, and suggests that Symantec and O2 are slowly coming round to the idea of equality for fathers being a legitimate issue. Of course it goes without saying that they are still firmly against any other men's issues being addressed such as rape, abuse, false imprisonment and domestic violence. The only other possible scenario is that they just have absolutely no idea what they're doing.In total O2 and Symantec have now reclassified eight sites since I started this exercise, others include the following: http://www.womenagainstvawa.org (wasn't actually smeared as hate, but wrongly censored due to being given a "pornography" classification)I've no idea if Symantec and O2 have apologised to the owners of those sites, though given that they haven't even publicised the unblocking, I doubt there has been any communication never mind a much-needed apology. Perhaps site owners can confirm this? Anyway, just another 80 to go….by John Kimble
Consumer watchdog groups announced today they've filed additional complaints with the FTC over the advertising content in the YouTube Kids application. The complaints this time focus on how the app allows food and drink advertisers to violate the self-regulatory pledges they made as members of the Children's Food and Beverage Advertising Initiative (CFBAI). That program's aim is to shift the advertising mix to promote healthier dietary choices in ads aimed at those under the age of 12.
According to the new complaints, a number of big-name brand advertisers including Coca-Cola, Oreo, Kellogg, General Mills and more, have broken their pledges to not advertise their products – including Coke, Coke Zero, Pop-Tarts, pizza and Oreo cookies, for example – to young children.
YouTube Kids, YouTube's first app aimed at the preschool set, was initially thought of as a relief for parents who wanted an easier way to keep small children from stumbling upon YouTube's more adult fare. But the app, which is effectively this generation's version of TV in terms of its presence in the lives of children, has faced controversy and complaints from consumer advocacy groups, and even U.S. Senators, concerned about the app's content and its advertising.
Now, two new complaints related to advertising have been filed by the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood (CCFC) and the Center for Digital Democracy (CDD) – watchdog organizations that have been targeting YouTube Kids since its debut for not doing enough to protect children from adult content, as well as for what they refer to as “deceptive ads.”
Young children simply don't have the cognitive ability to distinguish between ads and programming, and YouTube Kids takes advantage of that fact, the groups believe.
On television, FCC regulations prohibit some of the activity that's permitted in the YouTube Kids application, like host selling, or not following guidelines regarding time limits on how often ads can be shown.
Meanwhile, YouTube's advertising guidelines only apply to paid ads – the 30 or 60-second videos that are shown before the selected video. But as YouTube admits in its app's disclaimer, kids will be exposed to “commercial content” from YouTube creators. But this content is not considered a paid ad. That means it doesn't have to follow any of YouTube's more stringent guidelines, which also state that food and beverage ads are prohibited, regardless of nutrition content.
As the advocacy groups previously noted in their prior FTC complaints, the commercial content found on YouTube Kids today includes things like actual TV commercials, company-produced promotional videos, host-selling videos, and product placements.
The investigation related to deceptive ads is still underway, Josh Golin, CCFC's Executive Director, tells us.
Coca-Cola, Hershey, Mars & More Cited As Top Offenders
These new complaints, the groups explain, are calling on the FTC to broaden its investigation to also examine Google's relationship with multichannel video programmers; food, beverage and toy companies; YouTube advertising and “unboxing” video partners; and companies that specialize in “influencer” and product placement marketing on YouTube.
Specifically, the CCFC and CDD say in one complaint they found evidence that 17 food and beverage manufacturers are violating the pledges they made as members of the above-mentioned health-focused initiative, CFBAI.
For example, Coca-Cola had pledged to not market any beverages to children under 12, but the groups found 47 TV commercials and 11 longer promotional videos for Coke and Coke Zero on YouTube Kids.
Mondelez International had pledged not to market Oreos to children, but the CCFC and CDD found 31 TV commercials and 21 product placements for Oreos on YouTube Kids. One involves YouTube star Evan (“EvanTubeHD”), whose content is distributed by Disney-owned Maker Studios, trying to guess 12 different Oreo flavors in an 11-minute video.
Products made by companies who promised not to advertise to kids under 12 included sugary snacks like Nutella (Ferrero USA), Reese's and Hershey's Kisses (Hershey), Snickers (Mars, Inc.), Toll House Cookies (Nestle USA, Inc.), and more. Meanwhile, products from companies that said they would only advertise items meeting CFBAI nutrition criteria included Burger King pushing its Whoppers and fries; Kraft selling Velveeta; plus products from McDonald's; as well as Oreos; Doritos; Swiss Miss cocoa; General Mills' Totino's Pizza, Kellogg's Pop-Tarts and others.
Some videos were straight-up TV ads, others promotional videos and many more were clear, but unlabeled, product placements.
“The Commission should investigate why Google's algorithms aren't configured to keep junk food marketing off of YouTube Kids, and hold food and beverage companies accountable for violating their pledges not to target their most unhealthy products to children,” says Golin.
The second complaint documents a number of videos that appear to result from paid relationships between advertisers, YouTube creators, and intermediaries (those that specialize in connecting advertisers with talent). The relationships are not disclosed on YouTube, and the groups want these business relationships investigated further.
Today, YouTube's ad policy for YouTube Kids is that it will remove videos where the creator has disclosed a paid product placement or endorsement using YouTube's tools. But clearly, relying on the creator community to self-police is not effective, as these FTC complaints indicate.
“We believe FTC now has more than enough documentation to hold Google accountable for YouTube Kids' unfair and deceptive practices,” says Golin.
The detailed complaints are embedded below:
CFBAI complaint against YouTube Kids
YouTube Kids Supplemental complaint
Today's blog is more about Comcast's data caps. I recently saw a quote from Brian Roberts, the Comcast CEO during an interview by Business Insider. When asked about the data cap trials he said the following:
We don't want anybody to ever not want to stay connected on our network, but just as with every other thing in your life, if you drive 100,000 miles or 1,000 miles, you buy more gasoline. If you turn on the air conditioning to 60 vs. 72, you consume more electricity. The same is true for usage, so I think the same for a wireless device. The more bits you use, the more you pay.
He is basically saying that it costs Comcast more to buy Internet bandwidth for customers who use more bandwidth. Certainly his first example means that – you certainly must buy more gas to drive a vehicle more miles. Is this a good analogy? For it to be true Comcast would have to be buying raw bandwidth each time a customer uses the Internet – this would mean when you download something at your house that Comcast is somehow buying more bandwidth from the big Internet spigot.
But that's not how it works. While Comcast is really big, they are not one of the companies that owns the Internet, so they must buy bandwidth just like any other ISP. So how do ISPs buy Internet access? They buy it with two cost components – transport and raw bandwidth. Transport is the cost of getting the bandwidth from one of the major Internet POPs to a market. At Comcast's size they either have a direct physical presence at each major Internet POP or they have an arrangement with some carrier who does. Due to their sheer size, I have to imagine that Comcast's cost for transport on a per-megabit basis is lower than anybody else in the industry other than maybe AT&T, who is one of the owners of the Internet structure.
Transport can be a major cost for an ISP that operates a long distance from a major POP. I have small ISP clients that spend between $10,000 and $20,000 per month on transport, which is a lot if you only have a few thousand customers. But for Comcast this cost has to be miniscule on a per-customer basis. And the cost is fixed. Once you buy transport to a market it doesn't matter how much bandwidth you shove through the pipe. So this cost doesn't increase due to customer usage.
The other cost is to buy the actual Internet connectivity — an expense that is sometimes referred to as an Internet port. This is an electronic connection directly into the main Internet routers. My small clients pay anywhere from $1 to $5 per raw dedicated megabit per month for Internet bandwidth. Generally the more you buy the cheaper it gets. Again, one has to imagine that Comcast pays a lot less than my clients due to their huge size.
And even that cost can be significantly reduced by large ISPs like Comcast through peering. Peering is where a carrier like Comcast makes a direct connection to companies with a lot of Internet usage like Netflix or Google. From an economic standpoint, peering is essentially the sam as transport and bypasses paying for the Internet port. Any traffic that goes through the peering connection does not increase with a customer's use of the bandwidth.
An ISP's total cost for an Internet port is based upon the average of the busiest times of the month. For instance, a small ISP might use 500 raw megabits of aggregate usage on most evenings, but if their customers have a few nights per month where they use 700 megabits, then the ISP pays for that larger amount for the whole month.
The interesting thing about this pricing structure is that the ISP pays the same every day of the month whether the customers are using the data or not. The cost to Comcast wouldn't change if any one customer, or even all of the customers in a city, were to use more data, as long as that usage doesn't create a new fastest day of the month. From a cost accounting basis, this means that the cost of Internet bandwidth can also be considered as a fixed cost. There is nothing that any one customer, or even a fairly large pile of customers, can do to change the cost of the bandwidth to Comcast. It does not cost them more when you watch an extra movie.
The idea that Comcast is paying more for somebody who downloads 500 gigabits per month than somebody who uses half of that is false. If that 500 gigabit customer was to instead use zero bandwidth in a given month then Comcast's costs wouldn't change by a penny.
To put this into a different perspective, many of my clients have done the math and in aggregate their bandwidth costs them between $2 and $5 per customer per month depending upon how small they are. This is the average of transport costs, any peering costs and the Internet port costs. I would be surprised if a large ISP like Comcast is spending much more than $1 to $2 per customer per month for bandwidth. For them to charge $35 for going over their data cap is outrageous and that charge is 100% profit to them.
Roberts did make one true analogy when he compared his data caps to wireless carriers like Verizon and AT&T. They buy bandwidth in the same way that Comcast does, and so it also doesn't cost them extra when a customer uses an additional gigabit on their cellphone. US wireless data is very close to the most expensive bandwidth in the world and you have to go to places like Africa to see bandwidth being sold for as high pf a price. The cable companies like Comcast have eyed the Verizon and AT&T wireless profits with envy and the data caps are nothing more than an attempt to greatly bump up what they can bill for data. They will be billing customers for going above an arbitrary cap, while in reality using more bandwidth doesn't cost Comcast anything extra.
It isn't exactly food fit for a queen, but it's good enough for 33-year-old Claire Simmons. Claire loves cheese and tomato pizza so much that she's been eating nothing else for 31 years. Which means she's been eating the stuff since she was about 2 years old. That does sound too young to be eating pizza in the first place. But it's not that she doesn't want to eat anything else, it's just that she can't. She shudders at the mere mention of other food and will gag if she puts anything else other than plain pizza in her mouth.
What Claire suffers from is actually known as Selective Eating Disorder. Experts say she's on the road to killing herself with her diet. But she disagrees. According to Claire, she keeps herself healthy by drinking plenty of water and getting lots of exercise. This doesn't convince her GP however, who says that if she keeps this up, the lack of vitamins and minerals will lead to huge problems in the future, such as a stroke or heart attack. Claire can't help it though, given that she's terrified of eating fruits and vegetables. “I get so angry when people think I'm being faddy – this is a real medical condition,” she says. She does seem to have made it through 31 years on just pizza, and is still going strong. I wonder how she isn't sick of the stuff, though.
Photo by VancityAllie
Just last month we wrote about the very similar case of Stacey Irvine, a 17-year-old English girl who has been addicted to chicken nuggets for the last 15 years. Unlike Claire, she has already been hospitalized because of her diet. It seems these cases aren't as rare as we would like to think.
via The Sun
Due to the complete irrelevance of u/LoneConservative/LoneKKKonservative these days I was going to skip him but since he so kindly asked for his very own profile I felt obliged.
Personality 4/10
If given the opportunity to have a beer with either LC or Barosa I'd pick LC 10 out of 10 times. For that he scores a 4/10.
Credibility on Reddit 0/10
Hahahahaha...next.
Self-esteem 8/10
He legitimately doesn't give a fuck about anyone including himself.
Intelligence 1/10
Like Old man Flagg, LC is dumber than than bricks. My 7 year old can spell better than him. He is a graphic designer by trade so he is obviously poor and unemployed.
Likelihood to have a girlfriend 0/10
Hahahahaha...next.
Likelihood to have a drinking problem 0/10
You might consider his daily binge drinking a problem but LC sees it as his best quality, and I would tend to agree. I mean if you were LC wouldn't you have a drinking problem too? If I were LC I'd have a noose tying problem in that I don't know how to tie a noose and that would be a huge problem.
Overall likability 4/10
He is so pathetic that I can't help but kinda appreciate the guy. Now that he isn't able to ban me like a pussy I simply see him as this weak little drunk who saves his assistance cheque for a cheap bottle of sherry and a 10 minute Vietnamese RnT on Jasper Ave.
Sense of humour 6/10
Let's be honest here...he likes to laugh and has the old zinger.
Likelihood that I would be friends with him IRL 0/10
There is a better chance that he is employed or married.
Van Turned into Beautiful Stealth Sprinter Motorhome
Talk about a portable tiny house. This is a fantastic “Stealth Sprinter” turned motorhome.
From the outside, you'd never know this typical-looking van includes a kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, and living room! When on the road, you'd mistake it for any old business transporting supplies.
When you go inside, you'll find an entire home with clean white walls and pretty red cushions. There's a full/queen bed that doubles as couch with a pull-out table, a diesel cooktop, and even a hideaway toilet. The entire van runs on solar, so you never have to plug it in or rely on others during your travel. You can walk around on the vinyl flooring and store necessities underneath the couch benches. Best part? It was all done DIY, so you can do it too!
Please enjoy, learn more, and re-share below. Thank you!
Van Turned into Beautiful Stealth Sprinter Motorhome
Images © StealthSprinter.com
Images © StealthSprinter.com
Learn more: http://www.stealthsprinter.com/van-build/
Our big thanks to Gina for sharing!
You can share this van dwelling story with your friends and family for free using the e-mail and social media re-share buttons below. Thanks.
If you enjoyed this DIY stealth sprinter motorhome you'll absolutely LOVE our Free Daily Tiny House Newsletter with even more! Thank you!
More Like This: Explore our Van Dwelling Section
See The Latest: Go Back Home to See Our Latest Tiny Houses
Related
Facebook Comments
comments
When a patient arrives at Bayonne Hospital Center in New Jersey requiring treatment for the respiratory ailment known as COPD, or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, she faces an official price tag of $99,690.
Less than 30 miles away in the Bronx, N.Y., the Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center charges only $7,044 for the same treatment, according to a massive federal database of national health care costs made public on Wednesday.
Americans have long become accustomed to bewilderment and anxiety when confronting health care bills. The new database underscores why, revealing the perplexing assortment of prices for medical care, with the details of bills seemingly untethered to any graspable principle.
Even within the same metropolitan area, hospitals charge prices that differ by staggering degrees for the same procedures. People without health insurance pay vastly higher costs for care when less expensive options are often available nearby. Virtually everyone who seeks health care winds up paying inflated prices in one form or another as these stark disparities in price sow inefficiencies throughout the market.
While this basic picture has emerged as the consensus reality among health care experts, their evidence has been primarily anecdotal. Hospitals have protected their price lists -- documents known as charge masters -- as closely guarded secrets.
Their prices are secret no more.
The database released on Wednesday by the federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services lays out for the first time and in voluminous detail how much the vast majority of American hospitals charge for the 100 most common inpatient procedures billed to Medicare. The database -- which covers claim filed within fiscal year 2011 -- spans 163,065 individual charges recorded at 3,337 hospitals located in 306 metropolitan areas.
The Obama administration shared the data in advance with The Huffington Post, The New York Times and The Washington Post. What emerges through a preliminary analysis is a snapshot of an incoherent system in which prices for critical medical services vary seemingly at random -- from state to state, region to region and hospital to hospital.
These price differences impose a uniquely punishing burden on the estimated 49 million Americans who have no health insurance, experts say. They are the only ones who see on their bill the dollar amounts listed on these official price lists. Yet these same prices effectively shape what nearly everyone pays for health care, because they determine how much private health insurance companies must surrender in reimbursement for services. That in turn influences the size of the premiums that insurance companies charge their customers.
Obama administration officials declined to characterize the causes of these gaping disparities in price, leaving unclear whether they reflect some form of malevolence -- profiteering by some institutions or price-rigging -- or rather more nebulous factors, such as varying estimates about the underlying costs of providing services.
Administration officials said they offered up the data with hopes that its release would administer a market corrective, forcing hospitals to take greater heed of competitors while arming ordinary people with information they could use to seek a better deal. The data could also spur health insurance companies to negotiate with hospitals to seek lower prices.
"Our purpose for posting this information is to shine a much stronger light on these practices," said Jonathan Blum, director of the Center for Medicare. "What drives some hospitals to have significantly higher charges than their geographic peers? I don't think anyone here has come up with a good economic argument."
The very fact that prices are now public may bring change, he added. "Hopefully, it will cause hospitals themselves to take a hard look at their charge-master practices and to ask hard questions of themselves as an industry why there is so much variation," he said.
Within the nation's largest metropolitan area, the New York City area, a joint replacement runs anywhere between $15,000 and $155,000. At two hospitals in the Los Angeles area, the cost of the same treatment for pneumonia varies by $100,000, according to the database.
Public access to this data on hospital charges pulls back the curtain on one of the most troubling characteristics of the American health care system: Medical providers set their prices in ways that seem arbitrary, with little oversight and practically no market incentive to reduce them, because almost no one actually pays the official rates.
The data lands as unexpected health care bills continue to be a leading cause of financial ruin for American families. Uninsured and low-income people are often subject to aggressive debt collection by hospitals and their agents when their illnesses result in bills they cannot pay.
Even among people of means, skepticism about American health care is common and with reasons based in data: Americans typically pay higher prices for health care than people in other countries, without gaining higher-quality care or superior health.
The new trove of billing data seems certain to amplify calls for a solution to rising medical costs -- not only for ordinary people, but for the economy as a whole. Health care spending continues to grow faster than the economy, though the rate of increase has slowed in recent years, prompting hopes that a fix may be materializing.
In 1999, average charges billed to Medicare were equal to 104 percent of the cost to provide medical care, according to a report issued last June by the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, an expert panel that counsels Congress. By 2010, the ratio had more than doubled to 218 percent.
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services long has had access to hospital charges via the cost reports facilities must submit to the agency, said Blum, the Obama administration official. Before now, few had given a thought to making the data public. His agency's actions were inspired in part by a sweeping Time magazine article on hospital charges by author Steven Brill published in March, Blum said.
The newly released data covers facilities that were collectively responsible for 90 percent of inpatient claims to Medicare while excluding certain institutions, such as children's hospitals and cancer centers.
The Huffington Post reviewed the two dozen types of services billed to Medicare at least 100,000 times in fiscal 2011 in 13 metropolitan areas spanning the U.S. The locations varied in population from less than 1 million to the largest three metro areas: New York; Los Angeles; Chicago; Portland, Ore.; Austin, Texas; Jacksonville, Fla.; Richmond, Va.; Birmingham, Ala.; Tucson, Ariz.; Honolulu; Madison, Wis.; Provo, Utah; and Chattanooga, Tenn.
How is it possible that two hospitals in close proximity would set prices as differently as Bayonne Hospital Center in New Jersey and the Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center in New York? It's partly a relic of how hospitals used to operate and partly reflects their strategies to maximize revenues in ways that don't have a direct connection to the cost of the care they provide any individual patient.
"The charge masters are totally irrational," Robert Laszewski, a former health insurance company executive who consults for health care companies as president of Alexandria, Va.-based Health Policy and Strategy Associates, wrote in an email to The Huffington Post.
Hospitals used to base prices on health care costs and on the need for profit that would, among other things, enable them to make investments in their facilities, Laszewski explained. "They became the baseline from which the hospitals started," he wrote. But over time, hospitals raised charges in anticipation of negotiating discounts with private health insurance companies while maintaining their revenue streams, he said.
Prices have continued growing over decades to the point where there is no plausible justification for them, according to Laszewski: "Over the years, the charge masters have become more and more disconnected from reality."
The charges are the prices hospitals establish themselves for the services they provide. Although Medicare and Medicaid don't base their payment rates on these figures, private health insurance companies typically do, which means they usually pay more for the same health care than the government does. That translates into higher premiums for people with insurance. And uninsured people are expected to pay the full list price or a discount from that number, which tends to mean they pay more than anyone else.
When a hospital doesn't get paid as much as it wants from one source, it tries to make up the difference in other ways, such as billing so-called self-pay patients -- almost always the uninsured -- for the full list price of a service, said Robert Huckman, a health care expert at Harvard Business School. Even when hospitals agree to huge discounts for patients who can't pay the bill, those discounts are taken from inflated prices much higher than those the government or private insurance companies pay, he said.
"The charge master is complete nonsense that really doesn't matter -- unless you are an uninsured person and you're getting these huge bills driving you toward bankruptcy," Laszewski wrote. "The biggest irony of the U.S. health care system is that only the uninsured -- often people who don't have a lot of money -- are the only ones the hospital expects to pay these incredibly inflated list prices!"
Hospitals also inflate charges to raise money for things that aren't related to treatments, said former Sen. David Durenberger (R-Minn.), who is senior health policy fellow at the University of St. Thomas in Minneapolis.
"The biggest factor by far, in my experience, is what are you trying to cross-subsidize," he said. Hospitals will increase charges to finance things like technology upgrades and education and research and to compensate for their operational efficiencies, Durenberger said.
Myriad reasons legitimately explain how a health care service may be priced much differently from area to area, including labor costs and other local economic circumstances. But such factors fail to explain price discrepancies among hospitals in close proximity, Huckman said. "There's no doubt that the variation in charges is significantly larger than the variation in the underlying costs for these hospitals," he said.
The new Medicare database is replete with examples of inexplicably high prices and wide variations between hospitals in the same geographic area. The peculiar disorganization of the American health care system is evident by looking at just a few instances.
In the New York metro area, Bayonne Hospital Center -- part of a chain called CarePoint Healthcare -- charges the highest prices for several types of procedures, including COPD treatment, among the regional hospitals reviewed by HuffPost. Its price for that treatment runs four times the average in the New York area, according to the database. Medicare -- the government health care program for older people and people with disabilities -- paid an average of $6,826 for these same treatments within the New York area -- or less than 7 percent of Bayonne Hospital Center's charge.
Major joint replacement surgery at the hospital comes in at $155,769, which is almost three times the local average and more than nine times the price at Lincoln Medical and Mental Health Center in the Bronx. Medicare paid an average $18,944 in that area.
Garfield Medical Center in Monterey Park, Calif., outside Los Angeles, charges $241,654 to take care of a patient undergoing renal failure with major complications, which is almost 10 times the price at Beverly Hospital about 5 miles away in Montebello and more than three times the regional average.
And Birmingham's Brookwood Medical Center has the highest charges in 14 of the 24 Medicare billing categories in area facilities HuffPost reviewed, including a $156,958 price for simple pneumonia and inflammation of the lung. That's almost 12 times what the same treatment costs at Russell Hospital about an hour away in Alexander City, Ala., and about four times the local average.
Loyola Gottlieb Memorial Hospital in Melrose Park, Ill., outside Chicago, charged the highest prices for 16 of the 24 procedures reviewed by HuffPost. For kidney failure, Loyola Gottlieb charged $97,926, more than twice average cost of 59 hospitals in the Chicago area. The price is more than five times what John H. Stroger Jr. Hospital, 12 miles to the east, charges.
Those numbers reflect data from fiscal year 2011, and an official from Loyola University Health System, which runs the Gottlieb Memorial Hospital, said the hospital has reduced charges by an average 25 percent since then. "Loyola University Health System closely monitors charges and conducts reviews regularly to ensure that the health system is competitive in the Chicago market," said Chief Financial Officer Jay Sial, in a written statement.
The other hospitals named in this article did not respond to or declined requests for comment.
The public availability of hospital charges is unlikely to bring swift and radical change to pricing or spare uninsured patients from exorbitant bills, said Huckman, the Harvard health care expert. Still, he added, it's a good start.
"It would be hard for a hospital -- unless there's a justified reason -- to be able to preserve a large margin over what its otherwise equal competitors charge," Huckman said. "If someone knows the amount that even the most advantaged payer reimburses a hospital for a particular service and they can take that in with their own bill, I think that gives a pretty powerful opportunity for that customer to interact with the organization and say, 'Why is my number so different?'"
Image copyright Ryan Sean Davy/Facebook Image caption Mr Davy says that he was trying to climb Everest solo at the time he was detained by officials
A man who tried to climb Everest in Nepal without paying the $11,000 permit fee has been arrested in Kathmandu after walking most of the 154km journey from the mountain's base camp.
A Nepalese friend of Ryan Sean Davy said that the climber was being questioned by tourism officials.
He is due to appear in court on Wednesday where he is expected to receive a heavy fine.
Friends say Mr Davy has no cash, which is why he mostly travelled on foot.
"He is in good heart although worried about his finances and the scale of the punishment he will receive," Mr Davy's Nepalese friend Mohan Gyawali told the BBC.
Image copyright Soul Sumiteer Image caption Mr Davy says that he is expecting a heavy fine for his unlawful Everest attempt
US-based South African Mr Davy, 43, says he climbed alone to a height of 7,300m (24,000ft) before being found hiding in a cave by officials who confiscated his passport because he did not have a permit to climb Everest.
He has apologised but complained of being treated harshly by officials. It is extremely rare for someone to attempt climbing Everest by themselves.
The overwhelming majority of climbers only tackle the highest mountain in the world with the help of at least one guide and a well-equipped support team at base camp.
"I have no idea of the outcome regarding my Everest no-permit climb," Mr Davy posted on Facebook on Tuesday
Mr Gyawali said that the climber made his way back to Kathmandu using the same route from the base camp that Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay followed in 1953 when they became the first people to climb the mountain. The route goes through the small mid-hill town of Jiri.
Nepal relies heavily on income generated from Everest expeditions and some believe the authorities will want to make an example out of Mr Davy to deter other climbers from dodging the permit fee.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The dangers of Mount Everest
Mr Davy said on Facebook: "Expedition companies have no time for wannabe Everesters with no money so someone turned me in."
The climber said he could expect to spend time in jail in addition to a fine of $22,000.
Dr. Sebastian Gorka hit back at some of the critics of President Trump over the North Korean nuclear threat and defended the president's stern message.
Trump delivered a stark warning to hermit dictator Kim Jong-un yesterday, saying "fire and fury" would come from the United States if the threats continue.
U.S. intelligence believes North Korea now possesses a nuclear warhead small enough to fit inside a missile, crossing a key threshold.
North Korea Considering Missile Strike on Guam
Expert: 'North Korea Has a PhD in Fleecing the United States & Its Allies'
Some critics, including top Democrats and Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), disagreed with the president's rhetoric, which some saw as threatening a nuclear confrontation.
"I'm not sure how that helps," said McCain.
Gorka, a deputy assistant to the president, said the message to Pyongyang from Trump is clear: "don't test this White House."
"We were a superpower. We are now a hyperpower. Nobody in the world, especially not North Korea, comes close to challenging our military capabilities," he said.
Calling out the president's critics, Gorka called for Washington to put politics aside and come together.
Gorka said the criticism in difficult times "saddens me," likening this to the Cuban Missile Crisis under John F. Kennedy.
"We need to come together. Anybody, whether a member of Congress or a journalist, who thinks [their] politics trumps the national security of America, that's an indictment of you. You need to ask yourself: what's more important? My political party or America. There's only one correct answer to that," he said.
Watch the interview above and see Dr. Gorka take on MSNBC hosts, here.
Dem Rep Has Painting of Statue of Liberty in a Hijab Hanging in His Office
Professor Proposes Letting Business Students Choose Grades to Reduce Stress
I have been looking for a classy, comfortable and affordable black penny loafer for years. And apparently, I am not alone in this search. Many of my friends have also been on this fruitless hunt.
Every once in a while I find something that seems perfect, only to be bitterly disappointed once I try them on or get them in the mail. They either look a lot worse in person than they do online, feel terrible, don't fit, or suffer from some other major shortcoming. So, I had sort of given up on finding that perfect black penny loafer. But after a friend recommended that I check out the gorgeous-looking M. Gemi black “Volo” loafers, I caved into temptation and decided to order myself a pair. M. Gemi has lots of incredible-looking shoes, and this one in particular is their “Best-selling Loafer.”
(If you've heard of M. Gemi before, then feel free to skip this next paragraph.)
M. Gemi is a direct-to-consumer shoe company that launched less than 3 years ago with women's shoes, and then launched a men's collection last year. Their goal (like many direct-to-consumer startups) is to sell Italian-crafted shoes for half of the price that similar shoes go for, and deliver it to your door expeditiously. They also release a brand-new pair of shoes each and every Monday! In all, it's pretty cool and exciting stuff. Of course, as I've learned, this is all only in theory. So, how is M. Gemi in reality?
The city of San Antonio owes most its national notoriety to a two-century old building that played a crucial role in the Texas Revolution. The Alamo, which now sits in the heart of the city near the River Walk, is one of America's most historic tourist attractions and a fixture in most history textbooks. Impossibly outnumbered by the Mexican Army, 189 brave men from different and distinct backgrounds stood their ground at the Alamo before the strength of Santa Anna's siege overwhelmed them way back in 1836.
Though the Alamo briefly stood as a symbol of victory for the Mexican Army, shortly after the memories of that battle would help turn the Texas Revolution into a legendary triumph for the Texian Army. Led by General Sam Houston, who would later be known as the “Father of Texas”, the Texian Army took down Santa Anna's army with frightening precision at the Battle of San Jacinto as the troops famously shouted “Remember the Alamo!”
For a team that is as rooted in its city's culture as any other organization in pro sports, it is apropos that the San Antonio Spurs have the opportunity to close the book on the Tim Duncan-Gregg Popovich era with such a similar final chapter.
Last year's NBA Finals acted as a roadblock to liberation for Duncan and Pop. With just one more win, they would have been able to ride off into the sunset with a perfect record on the games the biggest stage. But Ray Allen's miracle shot in the final seconds of regulation in Game 6 was a cannonball that produced the first crack in the Spurs' wall, and then LeBron, an army unto himself, was able to break it down with his heroic performance in Game 7.
For San Antonio to be as close as they were in Game 7 was another sign of their incredible resilience and courage, but it wasn't enough to derail Miami's quest to control the NBA.
But now the Spurs have fought their way back, ready to exact revenge for their downfalls in 2013. Duncan and Manu Ginobili have repelled Father Time for yet another year, Tony Parker turned in another elite season, Danny Green has returned to avenge his letdown performances in Games 6 and 7, Kawhi Leonard has made strides on both ends of the floor as his burden has increased and the rest of San Antonio's supporting cast has never been better.
Rather than wilting in shame of their failure or succumbing to age and eroding skills, the Spurs have returned stronger after last year's Finals, due in large part to the incomparable leadership of Popovich. Popovich, an Air Force Academy graduate, has helped build the most mentally tough battalion in all sports, unrelenting in their execution and in their belief in each other. That faith has been vital in San Antonio's return to the Finals, as they've met each and every obstacle thrown in their way – Serge Ibaka's return, Tony Parker's injury in Game 6 of the conference finals, etc. – without batting an eyelash.
Now the Spurs assume their positions in front of the Alamo City walls yet again, with LeBron and his troops looking to charge right in.
The Alamo was viewed as “The Last Stand” for the Texian Army, but even after their crushing defeat, they were able to muster the moxie necessary to seek out and defeat the Mexican Army in the decisive Battle of San Jacinto.
How fitting would it be for the Spurs, a team whose last stand has been proclaimed and forecasted for the better part of this decade, to rally together for one more battle after what looked to be a true deathblow last season? How perfect would it be for this series to be Duncan's true last stand, one that he emerges from victorious?
And if Popovich and Duncan can finally obtain that fleeting freedom that allows them to walk away from the game after raising their flag on the NBA's mast for the fifth and final time, the description of their swansong may someday read like this:
“Though the 2013 Finals briefly stood as a symbol of victory for the Heat, shortly after the memories of that battle would help turn the 2014 Finals into a legendary triumph for the Spurs. Led by Coach Gregg Popovich, who would later be known as the “Pop of San Antonio”, the Spurs took down LeBron's army with frightening precision at the Battle of San Antonio as the players famously shouted “Remember those yellow ropes!”
There is now a timetable for Brexit.
British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday that the U.K. would begin the formal process of leaving the European Union by the end of March 2017. That means Brexit could happen in 2019.
Speaking on the BBC's Andrew Marr Show, May said: "The people have spoken; we will deliver on that."
Britain would trigger Article 50 of the EU treaty in the first quarter of next year, she said. That act will start the clock on two years of exit negotiations with the other 27 members of the group.
This is the first time since the Brexit vote in June that the British government has set out a clear timetable for the hugely complex task of unwinding its 40-year relationship with the U.K.'s biggest trading partner.
Related: Exit before Brexit: The 'unwelcome' EU citizens eyeing their escape
May also said she would ask lawmakers to pass a bill incorporating all EU laws into British laws that would take effect the moment Britain leaves the union. That legislation would mean the U.K. can decide which European laws to keep.
But she gave little away about the future relationship she wants with the EU -- of critical importance to Europeans living in Britain, Brits living in Europe, banks, businesses and investors.
Related: 100 days after Brexit vote: No meltdown (yet)
The big issue is to what extent Britain will have to sacrifice free trade with the rest of Europe in return for the ability to restrict immigration -- an objective May said Sunday the British people had clearly voted for.
Japanese automaker Nissan (NSANF) said last week that it needed greater clarity about the kind of access Britain would have to the huge EU market before it could commit to future investment in the country.
The U.K. economy has proved more resilient than expected in the wake of the EU referendum on June 23, but a sharp fall in the value of the pound -- which has boosted export revenue and tourist spending -- and a big injection of money from the Bank of England have helped limit the fallout.
-- Ivana Kottasova contributed to this article
Sharon DeWitte is a biological anthropologist and Associate Professor of Anthropology at the University of South Carolina. Dr. DeWitte studies infectious disease through the lenses of bioanthropology, paleodemography and paleoepidemiology. An expert on historical disease outbreaks, Dr. DeWitte's research on the Black Death (the bubonic plague in medieval Europe) has been highlighted in the New York Times, American Scientist, and Time Magazine, and in a TED educational video.
Ana Duggan's Interests are broadly encompassed by molecular anthropology, evolution and population genetics, by the historical inferences we can make from genetic analyses. Her current research interests involve using ancient DNA studies to reconstruct the genome of historical pathogens to examine the evolution and epidemiology of disease in ancient human populations as well as the population history of Native American groups from Canada's East Coast.
Jeanne Serb is an Associate Professor in the Department of Ecology, Evolution, and Organismal Biology and Director of the Office of Biotechnology at Iowa State University. Dr. Serb is broadly interested in the origins of biological diversity, with a particular interest in the evolution of eyes. Her lab takes a multidisciplinary approach to research, using data that includes behavioral assays, morphological measurements, genome analysis, and phylogenetic inference.
‘Chuck' Premiere Brings 7.7 Million Viewers
The 2-hour Chuck Season 3 premiere last night did astoundingly well for NBC — bringing in preliminary numbers of 7.7 million viewers, according to reports confirmed by show creator Josh Schwartz.
These numbers don't actually include TiVo viewers since (if I'm not mistaken) those are delayed about a week. And of course the numbers on Hulu are notable, but I'm not sure how they factor into the prime time decision making. The point is, Chuck put eyeballs on the screen that the show hasn't done since the first season.
“Thank you for all you have done to help get us to this moment. This season is for you!” said Schwartz on his Twitter feed moments before the episode hit the air.
From what I can tell, everyone involved seems willing to go the distance to make this show stick around. First, it was stars Zachary Levi and Adam Baldwin making sandwiches for hardcore fans. This push apparently worked as Subway agreed to some nontraditional advertising that got the show a third season. [Read: NBC's Chuck Saved By Sandwiches, Not Fans] Then, just months ago NBC announced it was ordering an additional six episodes — bringing the total to 19.
But more importantly, the fans have pushed through to give Chuck one of its highest ratings ever, which is perhaps the greatest way to keep it around.
Also, remember that Chuck returns to its regular time of (Monday nights at 7/8 EST) tonight with a brand-new episode. Set those TiVo folks!
CLEVELAND — Rudy Giuliani says the criminal case against Hillary Clinton in the e-mail scandal would be revived if Republicans take back the White House — and he'd like to be the one to prosecute her.
Speaking to a fired-up New York delegation at the GOP convention on Thursday, the former mayor ignited cheers of “Lock her up!” when he said Clinton was beating the judicial system.
“We can't do anything about that yet,” Giuliani said. “If Donald Trump becomes president, the statute of limitations is not up. There is no double jeopardy . . . We can reopen the case.”
“Go get 'em!” shouted one Republican at the Cleveland Marriott Renaissance Hotel, sparking cheers.
“She's going to be running to try to prevent getting an orange jumpsuit,” Giuliani said.
The Justice Department has declined to prosecute Clinton for mishandling classified material on her private e-mail server while secretary of state.
But many GOP delegates believe she belongs in prison.
Giuliani told his fellow Republicans he's “really sick with what the Clintons have been allowed to get away with.”
He then addressed Joseph Mondello, former chair of the New York state GOP and an attorney.
“Joe, what do you think we go back one more time when Trump gets elected, we volunteer to try the case?”
“Yeah,” Mondello replied.
“Dan, you want to help us?” Giuliani yelled to Rep. Dan Donovan, the former Staten Island district attorney.
“I'm in,” said Donovan, who told The Post he expects a new attorney general under Trump would give the Clinton case “a fresh look.”
“A Trump attorney general could reopen the investigation into Benghazi, reopen the investigation into the e-mails, look at whether or not she perjured herself during her testimony to Congress and also look into the non-for-profit organization, the [Clinton] Foundation, where there's a clear conflict of interest,” Donovan said.
If you have not already read the latest information on Georgi's website, I suggest doing so now. The latest intel we have received is that the US dark cabal will attempt to trigger a global geophysical catastrophic event using HAARP, such as a series of mega-earthquakes, that would ultimately end the lives of billions of people.
It brings me great sorrow to report my confirmation of the accuracy of this information, as I felt a trigger of recognition while reading Georgi's article as if I had already known about this occurrence from the future but had simply forgotten it due to the veil of forgetfulness.
It has been said that the past is the greatest indicator of the future, and considering the similar fate that is believed to have occurred to Atlantis, this conclusion seems completely probable to me. As long as there has been duality on this planet, the dark scientific elite, through their megalomaniacal motivations, have pushed the natural order of the planet to the brink and will not stop until they have completed their heinous goals of utter destruction and genocide.
At this point, through the revelations brought forward by Edward Snowden regarding the spying of all citizens by government intelligence agencies all over the world, the cabal has lost their curtain of secrecy to the masses and is now completely desperate to secure their authority in their next fateful stage of development on a hell-like catastrophic 3D Earth, as portrayed in many recent Hollywood movies, such as After Earth and Oblivion.
If you want to see a good depiction of what will happen at the time of this apocalyptic event, just watch the latest Seth Rogan movie This is the End and you will see it all portrayed right in front of your eyes—ascending through portals to Heaven included. As I've mentioned before, Hollywood is always one step ahead of the curve, implanting the masses with depictions of the negative harvest in order to fertilize the collective consciousness for the manifestation of this future timeline probability.
So it is only natural at this point for those who have been aware of this ongoing scenario to feel skeptical of the reality of this outcome, and I certainly don't blame you. All I can say is, again, look to the past to determine the likely outcome of the future and remember the atrocities that have been committed before: the Holocaust, the nukes on Japan, 9/11, and of course all of the atrocities in Africa and the Middle East that are occurring as we speak. So do not let your guard down just because you have been programmed to be complacent. See through the filters of the media and the conditioned mind, and you will find that the truth of the matter is quite clear.
Lastly, I have received guidance from my HS stating that July 21st will be a significant date. Expect an ascension test run on that day and the usual symptoms that come with energy spikes: mind chatter, lethargy, bodily aches and pains, etc.
That's all for now. Stay strong and aware.
New Zealand's Maori king has refused to meet Britain's Prince William during a tour next month, with his office saying he is "not a carnival act" for visiting dignitaries.
Prime Minister John Key expressed disappointment at the snub.
The meeting would have involved the prince visiting King Tuheitia during his 7-16 April trip to New Zealand with wife Catherine and baby son George.
However, King Tuheitia's office rejected the offer, arguing that the 90 minutes allotted for the visit to the Maori leader's base in the North Island was not long enough for proper protocols to be observed.
His representatives also slammed the "faceless bureaucrats" who organised the itinerary, accusing them of adopting an inflexible approach when dictating the terms of the proposed visit.
The Maori leader decided not to agree to the meeting and sent a personal letter to the British royals outlining his reasons, his office said in a statement.
"A senior rangatira [chief] noted that the king and the Kiingitanga [the movement he leads] are not some carnival act to be rolled out at the beck and call of anyone," the office said.
"And nor should we be prepared to compromise our tikanga [customs] to fit into a pre-determined schedule. It would have put the king in an impossible situation."
Mr Key said 90 minutes was a "quite generous" amount of time, given the British royals' busy schedule, and it was a shame the visit to the Turangawaewae marae, or meeting place, would not go ahead.
"It's rather disappointing because I think Prince William would have enjoyed going to Turangawaewae," he told New Zealand's TV3.
"But it was King Tuheitia's people who said 90 minutes is not long enough. If you look at the programme, there are very few places where they're there for an hour, let alone 90 minutes.
"Of course he has to travel, he has to fit different things in. So in the end, King Tuheitia's people said: 'If you can't make it longer than 90 minutes then don't come' - so they're not coming."
King Tuheitia is descended from the first Maori King, Potatau Te Wherowhero, who was appointed in 1858 by various North Island tribes, who wanted a single figure to represent them in the way that Queen Victoria was felt to represent New Zealand's white settlers.
The position does not have any constitutional status or legal powers in New Zealand, but carries symbolic importance for some Maori.
The current king worked as a truck driver before his coronation in 2006.
The British royal couple will base themselves in Wellington and tour extensively through New Zealand, before visiting Australia.
NADAguides is a vehicle information website where customers can go to look up car prices and specifications. They have released some statistics on what their users are looking for, and apparently the interest in compact cars has increased by 96% between January and March 2008. This number is broken down further in 3 sub-categories: "Consumer interest in its mini-compact category increased 128 percent, while consumer interest in its sub-compact and compact categories increased 83 percent and 77 percent respectively."Out of the 25 most searched for vehicles on the site were 5 compact cars. The models that saw the biggest increase in attention were the Mazda 3, Toyota Yaris, Honda Civic Sedan and Toyota Corolla. This isn't exactly the best news ever, but a move away from over-sized vehicles in the US would certainly be a step in the right direction.
Meanwhile, hybrid sales jumped by 10% in March compared to the same month last year during while light-duty vehicle sales in general were down 12%. That's still just 2.8% of all new vehicle sold during that month, though.
That's clearly not enough. What we need is not slightly more efficient and cleaner cars, though that would be a good start. What we need are radically greener means of transportation. For example, a plug-in hybrid with a decent all-electric range from non-toxic recyclable batteries could spend days, if not weeks, without burning a drop of gasoline. Now that's the kind of improvement that would really move us a step forward.
::NADAguides: America's interest in compact cars on the rise
Police arrested a 33-year-old advocate with a Noida-based corporate firm from a mall in Saket Saturday evening on charges of filming women on the sly with a spy camera tucked between the lace of his right shoe.
Advertising
A store manager at DLF Place spotted Ashish Sharma moving suspiciously around women, especially those wearing mini skirts and short dresses. Police recovered 10 obscene video clips from his spy camera and mobile phone. Police will try to retrieve deleted data from the seized devices, said official sources.
[related-post]
DCP (South) Prem Nath said Sharma, a resident of Faridabad, was arrested after he was caught red-handed by store manager Sunil Arora. “On the basis of Arora's complaint, a case was registered under sections 354-C (watching or capturing an image of a woman engaging in a private act in circumstances where she would usually have the explanation of not being observed either by the perpetrator or by any other person at the behest of the perpetrator) and 354-D (stalking) of the IPC at Saket police station. Sharma was arrested and later released on bail,” he said.
The DCP said the incident occurred at about 5.45 pm inside Forever 21 store. Arora told the police in his complaint, “I found his activities suspicious as he was putting his right leg near girls. I informed the mall manager Yatin Bhatia, who came with three security guards.”
Sharma allegedly spotted the security guards and tried to escape, said police sources.
High drama unfolded as Arora shouted and asked the security guards to nab him and they started chasing him. “They caught Sharma and we took him into the mall security room. On checking him, we found a spy camera between the lace of his right shoe. It was on video-recording mode. We found around 10 obscene videos on the camera, which were recorded by him when he was roaming inside the store,” Arora claimed.
Advertising
Sources said Sharma admitted his mistake and wrote an apology letter to the mall staff. However, the case was registered after police told the mall Sharma's alleged acts were criminal, the source added. Senior officials of store and the mall security staff declined to comment.
A new email release by Wikileaks shows how deep the collusion between mainstream media and the Democrat Party runs.
"DNC staff prepared CNN's Blitzer and Tapper for interviews with Trump, new batch of 8K WikiLeaks emails reveals"https://t.co/roNcmp1C1G — Larry Elder (@larryelder) November 7, 2016
The emails show a disturbing pattern among reporters actively working with the Democrat National Committee to run interference on Donald Trump by asking Democrat operatives for questions to ask the Republican presidential nominee.
Emails released Sunday showed CNN solicited the DNC to help it with questions to hit Trump and Ted Cruz with interviews they had with the network.
An email titled “Cruz on CNN” from April 28 sent by DNC research director Lauren Dillon to DNC staff read “CNN is looking for questions. Please send some topical/interesting ones.”
A previous email title “Trump Questions for CNN” sent on April 25 showed the same woman asked for questions to ask Trump in an interview he was scheduled to have with Wolf Blitzer.
“Wolf Blitzer is interviewing Trump on Tues (sic) ahead of his foreign policy address on Wed,” she wrote.
The interview was canceled but CNN planned to keep the questions they worked out for future interviews according to the email.
“CNN said the interview was canceled as of now but will keep the questions for the next one Good to have for others as well,” Dillon wrote.
Another email from April 28 showed a writer for Jake Tapper's CNN show assured the DNC they would stay “Dem focused” in an interview with DNC spokesman Luis Miranda.
“Thanks for facilitating Luis coming on today, and bearing with us through a melee [sic] of GOP nonsense and cancellations and all that. Any particular points he'll want to make? We're gonna stay Dem focused…” he wrote to former DNC media booker Pablo Manriquez.
And it isn't only CNN.
In another email CNBC's John Harwood wrote an email to the DNC in which he asked “What Should I Ask Jeb” prior to an interview with Jeb Bush in Sept. 2015.
A writer for the Washington Post, Dana Milbank, asked the DNC to do the majority of research for a negative column she wrote on Trump.
In an email titled “research request: top 10 worst Trump quotes?” showed DNC deputy communications director Eric Walker asked for negative Trump quotes for Milbank to use in the article.
The article, which Milbank named “The ten plagues of Trump,” was published on April 22 and included 8, out of 10, quotes given to her by the DNC.
Wake up right! Receive our free morning news blast HERE
On Tuesday at the Kahala Hotel & Resort, a group of travel writers boarded a white Cadillac Escalade and Black Mercedes SUV and, escorted by an entourage of hotel staff and publicists, rode west to an unlikely locale for those who typically write about luxe restaurants and resorts.
Out in Waianae, the writers toured a farm, talked to elementary school students, lunched on local produce and ended the outing with a ride on a Hawaiian sailing canoe.
Not your typical travel magazine junket for people who write for publications like Town & Country, Forbes and Marin Magazine, but that was exactly the point, said Tannya Joaquin, a former television news anchor who is now director of public relations for the Hawaii Food & Wine Festival.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Market research shows millennials – or people born roughly from 1980 to the late-1990s – want cultural experiences, Joaquin said.
The trip to the Leeward Coast hit several of the themes that the research shows young-adult travelers want: local cuisine, authentic culture and meaningful life experiences rather than simple entertainment.
The farm tour's emcee was an accordion-playing former Catholic priest who had started the farm after being deported from the Philippines for opposing former President Ferdinand Marcos. The lunch was the culinary equivalent of a poi dog: Italian gnocchi, Filipino lumpia, Hawaiian poi, along with green beans, homemade chips, and vegetable lasagne served on paper plates.
The canoe ride launched from a spot next to Waianae's large-scale homeless encampment.
It might have seemed a counterintuitive way to impress urbane literary types. But the outing made sense to Laura Begley Bloom, a travel brand strategist who writes for Forbes and other publications and participated in the tour.
“Millennials value experiences over things,” said Begley Bloom. “Now they are having kids, and they want their kids to have authentic experiences.”
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Not Just Sun, Surf And Sand
Tourism marketing executives have been working to focus on such travelers — not millennials as an age demographic, but as part of a group that shares certain values, said Jay Talwar, chief marketing officer for the Hawaii Visitors and Convention Bureau. The target group views life as a journey and traveling as “an enriching moment in the journey.”
The bureau's research prompted a blitz this year in New York City, which has a concentration of Hawaii's target travelers, Talwar said. The bureau wants them to know Hawaii isn't just about sun, surf and sand, but that it's a place with distinctive culture and cuisine.
Big-name chefs, he said, are the new rock stars.
The bureau's research also shows that millennials value altruism, Talwar said.
“The ‘greed is good' idea doesn't resonate here,” he said, quoting a line from the movie, “Wall Street” that defined the Go-Go 1980s. “This is almost an echo of the Greatest Generation — who did things for the community, for the greater good.”
Stewart Yerton/Civil Beat
And what could embody such values more than a trip to Hoa Aina O Makaha, a farm in the Makaha Valley that was started by Luigi “Gigi” Cocquio. As the story goes, after Cocquio, who was then a priest, was sent by the church to Waianae in 1979, he started cleaning up some church-owned property that contained two dilapidated Quonset huts and not much else.
Cocquio got help from Eric Enos, of Kaala Farm in Waianae, who along with others from the community cleared the land.
Over the decades, Cocquio dedicated his time to community projects while building Hoa Aina O Makaha. The farm now operates as a non-profit working with Makaha Elementary School; students cultivate small plots with a teacher's guidance.
“How amazing would it be if tourists could see something like this?” — Laura Begley Bloom, travel brand strategist
So there was Cocquio on Tuesday, holding court with a handful of writers like Adam Robb of New York, whose recent work has included articles about a nightclub for “the new generation of Hollywood stars” and celebrity chef Wolfgang Puck's new restaurant in West Hollywood.
Dressed in a T-shirt, cargo shorts and dusty, beat-up sandals, his face weathered from years in the sun, Cocquio was a stark contrast to one of Robb's more recent profile subjects, a jewelry designer from Zimbabwe who once dated Harry, the Prince of Wales.
When Cocquio spoke, he still sounded like a priest, although he left the church years ago to marry and raise a family.
“When people come with a good heart and good spirit, the land rejoices,” he said.
Stewart Yerton/Civil Beat
Later, he acknowledged that the community faces challenges, including children who act up out of anger. The farm's traditional hale has been burned down three times, its goat was once stolen and ice cream has been pilfered from the kitchen.
“The only thing you can do in those situations is to find those kids and give them a hug,” Cocquio said. “There is nothing else.”
Later he added: “Society breaks the legs of the people and after that blames them because they limp.”
Society has certainly given the west side some broken legs, or at least some facilities most areas don't want. The municipal Waimanalo Gulch and private PVT landfills are there, as is the H-Power waste incinerator. Makua Valley for decades was a military firing range and site for combat simulations using live weapons; Native Hawaiians have had to fight repeated court battles for access to sacred sites in a place where hidden, unexploded ordnance still poses a risk of injury.
Almost 40 percent of children under 18 in Waianae live below the poverty level. Nearly 62 percent of residents have a high school degree or lower. The unemployment rate in 2015 was just under 14 percent, more than twice the statewide average of 6.1 percent.
To be sure, the valleys of west Oahu are beautiful: vast and fertile, bounded by cathedral-like mountains, emerald and azure waters. Figures carved into the stones attest to the presence of Native Hawaiians dating back centuries.
The landmark Kaala Farms perpetuates knowledge of traditional taro farming in Waianae. Even Michelle Obama has spent quality time there, participating in an hour-long panel discussion with young people at Ma'o Organic Farms.
The question is: Would any of the writers want to tell the area's multi-layered story?
Chef Mark “Gooch” Noguchi, a graduate of the Culinary Institute of America who has worked for the Town and Chef Mavro restaurants in Honolulu, said it takes only one journalist to understand the full story and get the message out. Still, he added, it's a complex story.
“It's so much more than a hashtag,” Noguchi said.
Festival Benefits Agriculture
Ultimately, the trip was meant to let travel writers know about the Hawaii Food & Wine Festival well before the October event. In addition to the Waianae outing, they spent time on Kauai. On Friday night, a seafood dinner is planned featuring 10 chefs, when festival organizers will announce the lineup of chefs for the festival.
The Food & Wine Festival is about much more than quaint farms like Hoa Aina O Makaha and its charismatic founder. The event, co-founded by chefs Roy Yamaguchi and Alan Wong, brings in culinary stars like Graham Elliott, Nobu Matsuhisa and Nancy Oakes to cook with and showcase Hawaiian ingredients.
It's all part of the nonprofit festival's broad mission, says Denise Yamaguchi, the festival's chief executive: to support Hawaii's food, chefs, communities and agriculture.
Indeed, the festival is about supporting diversified agriculture on a large scale. One of its biggest grant recipients is the Hawaii Agriculture Foundation, another nonprofit, which Denise Yamaguchi serves as executive director.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
Among other ventures, the agriculture foundation has established a partnership with Island Palm Communities and Monsanto Hawaii to create a 220-acre Ag Park at Kunia, which subleases small plots to farmers growing crops like cucumbers, tomatoes, chili peppers, taro, ulu and okra.
Foundation supporters include the Hawaii Crop Improvement Association, whose member companies Dow AgroSciences, Monsanto, DuPont Pioneer and Syngenta, have been engaged in ongoing legal and public relations battles concerning their development of genetically engineered crops.
But discussions about large-scale diversified agriculture and the pros and cons of GMOs weren't on the agenda at Hoa Aina O Makaha. The trip ended with a farm-to-table lunch. Cocquio, who is originally from Italy, played what he described as the one song he knows on the accordion.
Lunchtime chitchat turned to private school tuition in Manhattan — $40,000 for kindergarten — and whether it would be feasible for one of the visiting writers to sell the family's home in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn and commute into the city from their summer house in the Hamptons.
It wasn't.
Other questions arose: Would well-heeled travelers from Manhattan want to visit a place like Hoa Aina O Makaha? And if so, could such visits risk exploiting Native Hawaiian culture: a new kind of appropriation for the Facebook age?
Begley Bloom mentioned the backlash against “orphanage tourism” in Cambodia as a cautionary example of what not to do.
“You don't want kids entertaining tourists, but if there's a natural, organic way to present this, it could be great,” said Begley Bloom, whose recent assignments have included documenting a three-week trip around the world aboard the Four Seasons Resort's private jet.
So would she want to bring her family to the farm?
“My daughter would go crazy!” Begley Bloom said. “How amazing would it be if tourists could see something like this.”
Disclosure: Stewart Yerton worked on land use and environmental justice issues in Waianae with KAHEA: The Hawaiian Environmental Alliance, while serving as a Jarman Environmental Law Fellow with the University of Hawaii's William S. Richardson School of Law in 2009.
Sorry I'm so late posting today. It's been an unexpectedly busy day that's kept me away from a computer for most of it. Sorry! -Andy
Last week, I asked all of you how many had been like me and decided “This movie is so good, I'm going to go watch it again while it's still in theaters.” And WOW, a lot more people voted than I ever expected. We had over 280 people respond, and from the looks of things, most of us have only been to see it 1-3 times. However, what's surprising is how many of us have been to see it 6 or more times- a whole 10{fc17e15ed6c8f701884a899a735d4ed94fc8cfa66fc2f404dd33f42f9afeb7a1}!
Personally, I'm not yet a part of that club, but I did have to move my vote from 4 to 5 this past week. This movie's addicting!
Check out the full results after the break!
We expect the new MacBook, featuring an upgrade to Intel's (US) Haswell processor, will be in the spotlight for Apple at the upcoming WWDC from June 10. Along with the new processor, we expect the following modifications to each product line: Retina MacBook Pro to be slimmer slightly, along with a camera upgrade. We expect the 13” Retina MacBook Pro will have a slightly slimmer form factor for increasing its portability. Also, we think the camera spec will be upgraded from HD to full HD. This will improve Facetime and video conference quality in the high resolution Retina display.
In a report this morning, one of the better Apple analysts, Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI securities listed his forecast for MacBook Pro and Air updates expected at WWDC. Apple's annual developer-centric conference begins on June 10th with a keynote . The biggest change is Apple will move to Intel's Haswell processors. These chips dramatically reduce power consumption, which in turn could allow Apple to need fewer batteries in the Retina MacBook Pros:
The 1080P camera would match the capabilities of the rear-cameras in recent iOS hardware, but this would represent the first time in which Apple shipped a 1080p-capable front-facing sensor.
If Apple does choose to keep the same batteries and size of the Retina MacBook Pro, the new Haswell chips could push battery life up over 10 hours – an outcome I'd personally prefer. Additionally, how can you make the 13″ Retina MacBook Pro any thinner?
Perhaps the thinner is only slightly thinner? The 13 inch retina is currently very slightly thicker than the 15 inch model. — Mark Gurman (@markgurman) June 2, 2013
It is so thin that the ports+ fan outlets barely fit now. It would also be an uncharacteristically short sub-1-year duration for the current design.
I imagine a "less filling! Tastes Great!" type of fight at Apple Engineering: "Longer battery life! Thinner!" http://t.co/KMkzSXNWe6 — Seth Weintraub (@llsethj) June 2, 2013
As for the MacBook Air, at least one improvement is expected by Kuo:
MacBook Air to share dual built-in microphone design of Retina MacBook Pro. We forecast that this year's new MacBook Air model will also have dual built-in microphones as a result of positive feedback on this feature in Retina MacBook Pro, which delivers clear voice quality on Facetime and VoIP service.
Apple previously noted that the dual-microphone setup is ideal for voice apps like the included Dictation function.
Kuo expects the older, non-Retina MacBook Pros to freeze and be taken out of the spotlight, much like the iPod Classic (or Mac Pro?). The computer would continue to be sold but with the current Ivy Bridge processors, optical drive slots, and high-capacity hard drives.
The report also notes that MacBooks in general are not immune from the overall global slowdown in PC purchasing caused by the iPad and other tablet cannibalization. The expectation is that 2013 will see 12M units sold, off 1.6M from 2012's 13.6M total.
Finally, Kuo notes that Apple's move away from optical and hard drive based storage continues to shift orders to SSD producers:
SSD to be mainstream storage solution for MacBook. We estimate the market share of MacBook with SSD to rise from 45% in 2012 to 64% in 2013, far ahead of the industry's 15-20%. We also expect SSD penetration to continue to trend up, with SSD eventually replacing conventional hard disk drive and optical disc drive.
There has been a stand off between the armies of India and China in the Doklam area since June 16
The United States has said that it wants India and China to sit down and have a direct dialogue to resolve their issues.The US' remarks came a day after a failed attempt by Chinese soldiers to enter Indian territory along the banks of famous Pangong lake in Ladakh. The Chinese soldiers were stopped by Indian border guards.The latest skirmish comes at a time when India and China are locked in a face-off in the Doklam area of the Sikkim sector. The standoff has been ongoing for more than 50 days, after Indian troops stopped the Chinese Army from illegally constructing a road in the disputed area."We are encouraging both parties to sit down and have a direct dialogue," State Department Spokesperson Heather Nauert told reporters at a news conference. Ms Nauert was responding to questions on the skirmish between Indian and Chinese soldiers in Ladakh and the continued standoff in Doklam area.
One aspect of our core tasks as Software Engineers at Karumi is to improve already published apps or help teams develop new apps. One week ago we found out that the application we were working on had an issue, but we had no idea where the bug was and we needed to urgently develop new important features. Simultaneously, some of the users posted app reviews in Google Play complaining about the performance of the app's user interface.
"Since the last version, it's really slow . One star."
. One star." "The full-screen image takes too long to open. "
" "After 20 minutes using the app it's impossible to see my favorites screen."
It was crystal clear that we had a performance issue. The number of "one-star" reviews was increasing and we had to make a decision, quickly. There were two possibles courses of action: 1) Continue adding new features, as requested by the product team, or 2) Stop further development and solely focus on fix the bug. Before jumping into a quick decision, we gathered some input data to help us better evaluate the scenario at hand. To this end, instead of trying to hunt the bug, we took a look at Crashlytics and a new SDK we integrated the week before, FlowUp.
Sadly, the Crashlytics report did not provide with new insights about our app performance. We found the exact same crash free ratio as compared to the previous week and the known crashes from the previous versions -that we never had time to fix-.
On the bright side, FlowUp came to save the day. FlowUp is a real-time performance monitoring platform for Android and iOS we are currently developing at Karumi. Using this SDK we could get ahold of a wealth of useful information about our application performance by just simply including the library and adding one line of code in our Application class.
FlowUp.Builder.with(this).start(API_KEY);
FlowUp help us make the decision based on numbers and data rather than gut feelings. Prior to committing to a course of action such as adding a new feature or fixing the bug, we decided to take close look at the FlowUp dashboards, packed with a myriad of key app performance data points.
Looking at the Android Home dashboard, we discovered we had a problem with two metrics, the memory usage and the frame time.
In this dashboard, you can clearly spot how the number of frames per second is 54 and the frame time is close to 17 milliseconds for version 6.6.0. Meanwhile, in version 6.5.0 the frame time was close to 16.5 ms. The memory consumption and the CPU usage was also better in version 6.5.0.
Taking a careful look to the Memory dashboard and the User Interface dashboard we found some issues:
The memory usage was too high, about 25% for the new version .
. The app was allocating too many bytes.
The frame time was close to the 17 milliseconds for the latest version. However, the previous one was rendering a frame in 16 ms.
The number of frames per second was worst in the new version too.
At this point, it was obvious we had a problem. In order to identify what the problem was, we decided to start monitoring two devices we had under control. We chose two devices reporting the same metrics values with the same app version in order to avoid different metric values generated by the device.
Ideally your application should get a frame time close to 16 milliseconds to be able to render 60 frames per second. Why 60 fps? In terms of memory, if your application consumes more than the 50% of the heap associated to the application process, there is something wrong going on. You could potentially have a memory leak causing the high values associated to the memory usage.
Scrolling down through the Android Home , Memory and User Interface dashboards we could compare the metrics filtered by different cross-metric information:
Application version name .
. Android OS Version .
. Device model.
model. Screen name.
As shown in these graphs, we can see how the memory usage and the frame time was unusually bad for version 6.6.0. In the case of the frame time, the metric was bad only at some point in time and not from the very beginning. We will explain this point later. The Nexus 5 had installed the version 6.5.0 and the D5803 the version 6.6.0. We realized that the frame time performance was worse than in the previous version.
Did we introduce a bug in the last version we published a week ago? We could find the problem easily filtering by version name. It only took 10 minutes to look at the dashboards and find out that we had released a version with a new bug, causing a performance issue. This performance issue was affecting every user with this newest version installed. As we were degrading the application quality for every application session using the latest version, instead of continue adding features we decided to fix the bug and publish a hotfix right away.
Once the course of action was clear, it was time to locate the bug. After reviewing all the changes introduced in the latest version, we discovered that we had a new custom view in our main screen: an audio player. It seemed the perfect candidate. Looking at the custom view code, we realized that during the onDraw method there was an object being instantiated inside a private method and stored in a list without being removed later.
This method was allocating an instance every time the onDraw method was invoked. As the view was being invalidated continuously, the number of instances created was huge. Remember that the Android garbage collector is based on a generational implementation (like the Java 1.5 versions). This means that every time a generation is full, the garbage collector stops every single thread to collect the non-referenced memory and, depending on the generation, fragments the different generations. This garbage collector events are named stop the world , meaning that even the UI thread has to stop to be able to collect memory. Keep in mind that the Android garbage collector can't work in parallel.
Why couldn't we see this in Crashlytics? Because the memory was increasing so slowly that only the users with the app opened for some minutes had this performance issue. Just a bunch of users had the app opened so long that the bug ended with an OutOfMemoryError . And the crash trace we could see related to an OutOfMemoryError was not in the Activity with the custom view bug. I have to say that the Android team developing the app uses the app, but not for as long as most of our users does. Our bad.
After some time with the app leaking memory - just monitoring the last release, we observed the app performance was a mess. We discovered that the device leaking memory needed almost 100 ms to render a single frame just because of the garbage collection events. The CPU usage was around the 51% and the memory usage about the 56%. The app was surprisingly still alive but it was extremely slow. This fact was really fun and interesting at the same time :) All these performance issues were related to the bug introduced in the audio player custom view.
By leveraging the app performance monitoring platform FlowUp, we were able to timely improve our awareness on how our app really ticked as aid to make a prompt decision that would affect the entire app development pipeline. FlowUp played a critical role in facilitating the decision-making about our development roadmap while also helping us spot and, consequently, fix the bug.
***Disclaimer: FlowUp is under continuous development and therefore, the dashboards shown are also still under development. We are about to open our first private beta program. If you wish to have access, please subscribe to our beta program here***.
Is Obamacare as bad for small business as the NFIB makes it out to be? Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images.
The landmark health care case decided last week by the Supreme Court was a win for the Obama administration and a loss for the Republican Party. But the official plaintiff in the case wasn't a Republican congressional leader or even one of the conservative attorneys general whose activism fueled the litigation. It was the National Federation of Independent Businesses, a small-business membership organization and lobbying group that strongly opposed the law.
So is defeat a disaster for small business? Almost certainly not, though it may prove to be a disaster for NFIB's main policy priority of low taxes.
The bill in fact contains substantial benefits (some might even say giveaways) for small businesses. That starts with a program already under way to offer special subsidies to firms with fewer than 25 employees that want to offer health benefits. As long as your employees earn less than $50,000 on average (law firms, medical practices, and other elite professional partnership are thus ineligible), you can get a tax credit to defray 35 percent of the cost of the insurance if you're a for-profit firm, and 25 percent if you're a nonprofit. When the law really gets rolling in 2014, those subsidies rise to 50 percent for for-profits and 35 percent for nonprofits.
Firms with fewer than 50 employees are also exempt from the “employer responsibility” provision of the law that otherwise constitutes the biggest business burden in the legislation.The Affordable Care Act (in)famously requires that all individuals who don't receive insurance from their employer or from a government program such as Medicare or Medicaid must buy their own insurance on a regulated exchange. Subsidies will be provided to those for whom such insurance wouldn't be affordable. That could be seen as, in effect, penalizing firms that already offer insurance to their workers. To offset this, the law stipulates that companies whose employees receive subsidies to buy exchange plans must pay a financial penalty. That is supposed to deter firms from responding to the law by simply dropping existing insurance coverage. But the ACA doesn't make small businesses pay that penalty.
Put the special subsidies and the exemption together, and the result is a law that's pretty clearly a good deal for small businesses.
More broadly, the bill should encourage the formation of new smaller firms. Insurance is based on the concept of pooling risks. One reason most nonretired people get insurance through their employers is that a workplace constitutes a nice risk pool. It's a whole bunch of people who are linked together by something that has little to do with their health status. This tendency is further reenforced by a generous tax subsidy to companies that pay their employees partially in the form of health insurance. But a newborn firm with just a handful of employees is not a good risk pool and will have trouble putting together a viable insurance plan if any of its workers are ill. That means only people with small health needs or large savings can afford to take the risk of entrepreneurship in America. The Affordable Care Act sets up large state-wide risk pools where anyone, regardless of health status, will be able to buy affordable coverage. That should be a boon to firm formation.
So what accounts for NFIB's hostility to the ACA? The NFIB is an unusually ideological membership organization that generally hews to a small-government agenda rather than a small-business agenda.
NFIB, for example, doesn't lobby against the online retailers' exemption from sales taxes or any other issue where there is a tension between the anti-tax agenda and the small-business agenda. Instead, it's very focused—like Grover Norquist's Americans for Tax Reform or the Republican Party as a whole—on low taxes, especially on high-income individuals. Not coincidentally, it's received large amounts of money from Karl Rove's super PAC, which viewed it as a good face to put on the anti-Obamacare agenda. Thanks to the magic of self-selection, small firms whose owners are Democrats probably just don't join, leaving behind an association of Republican businessmen who share the general Republican view that progressive taxes and generous social welfare spending are bad for the overall economy.
And make no mistake, the health care bill is, all things considered, the largest income-redistribution program enacted in decades. It collects taxes from the prosperous and offers new Medicaid benefits to the near poor and provides sliding-scale subsidies to a broad range of families earning below the median income. There's plenty to like about that, but also plenty to dislike if you're the sort of prosperous person who owns or manages a small or medium-sized firm. The debate about the broad economic consequences of higher and more progressive taxes has raged for decades and will keep doing so forever. But there's no doubting the basic fact that people don't like being asked to pay more. The Obama administration's version of health insurance reform has asked the rich to do just that, and for most businessmen that reality will weigh heavily on their thinking about it. But viewed narrowly as a reform to the insurance market the law—and especially the controversial mandate used to enable people to get insurance without working for a large company—should serve small firms quite well.
A man shot and killed a suspect during an attempted home invasion Saturday in a suburb of St. Louis, officials said.
The St. Charles Police Department told FOX 2 they were called to an apartment complex around 5:45 p.m. after the suspect broke into the home while the man and two children were inside.
The homeowner then shot and killed the man, who has not yet been identified by police.
Lt. Chad Fisk with the St. Charles Police Department told FOX 2 the children were not injured in the incident.
CALIFORNIA POLICE INVESTIGATE SURVEILLANCE VIDEO AFTER LOOTERS STEAL 1,800 GALLONS OF VODKA
"They were actually in a back bedroom, it's my understanding," Fisk said. "They may have heard some things, so we'd like to speak with them obviously also."
The children are now under the care of family members, he added.
Authorities are investigating if drugs or alcohol were a factor in the incident, according to KSDK. Officials are also not sure if the suspect knew the homeowner.
Australia's offshore immigration detention program has cost the federal government at least $5 billion since 2012, new figures have confirmed.
Ahead of Wednesday's four-year anniversary of Kevin Rudd's move to reinstate hardline rules to send any asylum seeker arriving in Australia by boat to offshore detention, Senate committee figures show the total operational and infrastructure costs for Australia's detention facilities on Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island has reached $4.89 billion.
Australia's offshore immigration detention centre on Manus Island. Credit:Andrew Meares
The latest overall price tag for offshore detention includes departmental costs and capital works on Manus and Nauru, peaking in 2015-16.
Figures provided to Senate estimates hearings show more than $230,000 has been paid out to public servants and detainees for personal injury and wrongful detention claims in Australia and the offshore centres, including $69,108.96 in payouts to Immigration Department staff and sub-contractors in 2016-17.
Coming Soon
Cagaster of an Insect Cage
Thirty years after humanity was decimated by a disease that turned the infected into bloodthirsty insects, two kids struggle to survive.
HOOPS (2018)
In this animated series, a foul-mouthed high school basketball coach is sure he'll hit the big leagues if he can only turn his terrible team around.
Maya and the Three
A Mesoamerican warrior princess embarks on a quest to recruit three legendary fighters to help save the world of gods -- and humankind.
Cobalt Blue
When a brother and sister fall in love with the same man, ensuing events shatter a traditional Marathi family. Based on Sachin Kundalkar's novel.
Behind Her Eyes
I Am Not Okay With This
A teen navigates the complexities of high school, family and her sexuality while dealing with new superpowers. Based on Charles Forsman's graphic novel.
Edoardo Ferrario: Temi Caldi
Italian comedian Edoardo Ferrario riffs on life at 30 and unpacks the peculiarities of global travel, social media and people who like craft beer.
In the Shadow of the Moon
A Chicago detective leads the hunt for an elusive serial killer whose crimes are timed to the lunar cycle in this sleek sci-fi thriller.
Nissmah Roshdy was doing her bachelor's degree in Animation and Visual Arts at the faculty of Applied Sciences and Arts in Cairo when she was first introduced to one of Mahmoud Darwish's most fascinating poems at a live event back in 2008. Le Trio Joubran, a Palestinian oud trio that specializes in playing traditional Palestinian music made tribute to renowned poet Mahmoud Darwish by playing his recitation of one of his last poems,The Dice Player, and accompanying it with their own majestic oud music. That inspired Roshdy to make her tribute to Darwish as well, by adding a visual aspect in the form of animation to what was already a beautiful piece of art.
Nissmah's goal was to introduce Darwish, the Palestinian national poet, to younger generations who don't have much of an interest in reading poetry at a library, but would watch an appealing video that delivers them the lines of one of the greatest poets in recent history. The short clip went on to win the 2014 ZEBRA Prize for the Best Poetry Film!
Do you have a favorite Mahmoud Darwish poem? Let us know in the comments below!
To many devout Muslims the world over, certain fatwas released by Islamic clerics in recent times have severely taxed their sensibilities. The western press picks upon such edicts with front page headlines depicting them as ‘barbaric', ‘shocking', ‘bizarre', or even ‘absurd'. Some of these edicts also make their way as humorous skits on late night television around the world.
One of the latest such edicts that have created a lot of international media mileage is the recent ‘scientific' report prepared by Kamal Sobhi, a former Saudi professor working with Muslim scholars in Saudi Arabia's highest religious council. The report was reportedly delivered to the entire Shura Council body, 150 strong. The report assessed the possible impact of repealing the ban off allowing women to drive in Saudi Arabia, the only country in the world where such restrictions exist.
As a result of the study, it was feared there would be “no more virgins” if the female drive ban is lifted, and relaxing the ban would also see more Saudis of either sex deviate towards homosexuality and pornography. It states that allowing women to drive would also “provoke a surge in prostitution and divorce”. And so confident were the authors of the report, they predicted that within ten years of the ban being lifted, there would be “no more virgins” in the country.
In justifying his claims, Sobhi points to the moral decline where women are allowed the privilege of driving themselves. He describes such depravity through a personal incident that happened to him while he was sitting in a coffee shop in an unnamed Arab state. “All the women were looking at me,” he wrote. “One made a gesture that made it clear she was available. This is what happens when women are allowed to drive.” It would have been more interesting had he described exactly the mechanics of that particular gesture.
And out of Cairo comes a report that an Islamic cleric residing in Europe released an edict stating that women should not come in contact with bananas and cucumbers to prevent any sexual thoughts. The shaikh was quoted as saying that if women wanted to eat these food items, a related male family member such as a father, brother or husband should bring it to them already cut up in small pieces. He added that these fruits and vegetables “resemble the male penis” and thus could arouse women or lead them into sexual thoughts. Carrots and zucchini should be similarly considered as part of the list of forbidden foods for women to handle in their natural state. When asked how such controls would apply to women out shopping in the vegetable section of a supermarket for their family without holding and inspecting the goods, the shaikh answered saying this matter was between them and God. In answering another question about what to do if women in the family like these foods, the shaikh opined that it was best to take the food and cut it for them in a hidden place so they couldn't see it in its natural state.
This edict has rightfully stirred a storm of criticism among Muslims, with the majority mocking the cleric and saying that such religious leaders only served to give Islam a bad name. One online reader claimed that the shaikh was retarded and should quit his post immediately, while another charged him as a “seeker of fame”. Another said only those who foster “evil or immoral thoughts” could think up of such a thing. There have been no official responses from renowned Islamic scholars on this edict yet.
Now getting back to the driving and virginity issue, was the scientific report forwarded to the country's legislative body based on quantitative polls which did indeed indicate that Muslim women in countries worldwide had indeed lost their virginity upon acquiring a driving licence and getting behind the wheel? And was it proven beyond a certainty of doubt that once a driving licence is in possession, prostitution, homosexuality and divorce are to follow? If that is the case, it would add to the credibility of the authors, and such a statistical study should be published to refute all these media allegations of “bizarre and barbarity”.
The report hasn't gone down well with some Saudi males and females who have dismissed it as yet another attempt to subjugate the rights of women, this time by injecting the morality factor. They also see such claims as an affront to the virtue of Muslim women in other countries who do indeed drive, saying that such claims insult Muslim women world-wide and make a mockery of our religion on the international arena.
Why do such extreme fatwas always seem to concern women's rights they wonder, particularly when Islam is so tolerant on that issue? Then there are others who resent such attempts from what they believe is a marginalised segment of the population to introduce their own extreme views in an attempt to make them part of the law.
For confused Muslims, I suppose good judgement and common sense should be the order of the day when it comes to dealing with such fatwas.
Tariq A. Al Maeena is a Saudi socio-political commentator. He lives in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
"Apocalyptic pain" from an out-of-control debt could cause 18 percent unemployment and a massive contraction in the economy that would destroy the middle class, a leading Republican deficit hawk said in an interview that aired Sunday.
Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., who recently issued a report on government waste, warned that the U.S. only has about three or four years to get its fiscal house in order or it could find itself facing austerity measures seen in Greece, Ireland, Spain, Portugal and earlier in Japan.
"The history of republics is they average 200 years of life. And they all fail in the history over fiscal matters. They rot from within before they collapse or are attacked," Coburn told "Fox News Sunday."
"The problem that faces our country today, the last 30 years we have lived off the future, and the bill is coming due," he added.
The senator, who was recently elected to a second -- and he pledges -- final term in Congress, said he's not trying to scare anyone, but eliminating waste in the federal government's ledgers is imperative not just to prevent default but a massive implosion that he defined in catastrophic terms.
"I think you'll see a 15 to 18 percent unemployment rate. I think you will see an 8 to 9 percent decline in GDP. I think you'll see the middle class just destroyed if we don't do this. And the people that it will harm the most will be the poorest of the poor, because we'll print money to try to debase our currency and get out of it and what you will see is hyperinflation," Coburn said.
"If we didn't take some pain now, we're going to experience apocalyptic pain, and it's going to be out of our control. The idea should be that we control it," he said.
Coburn said he can come up with $350 billion off the top of his head in inefficiency and waste that could be eliminated without impacting anyone in a practical sense. He noted $50 billion in programs that are duplicative and $100 billion in Medicare and Medicaid fraud that was not addressed in the health care law.
"We have 267 job training programs across 39 different agencies. Why do we have 267 of them? We have 105 programs to encourage people to go into science and technology, engineering and math. That's 105 sets of bureaucrats. None of them have metrics on it," he said.
"The Pentagon can't even audit its own books. It doesn't even know where its money is going. And we refuse to have the tough forces go on the Pentagon so that at least they are efficient with the money they're spending," Coburn added.
In one of his last acts in the lame-duck session that ended last week, Coburn, an obstetrician who earned the nickname "Dr. No" for his refusal to spend taxpayer dollars, was a critical factor in getting a health care program for Sept. 11 responders reduced in scope and cost. The $7.2 billion program was cut to $4.3 billion and was paid for through additional fees and reductions in other spending.
Coburn called the agreement a rare example of Congress being willing to do the hard work.
"I took all the heat, but we solved the problem and spent $7.2 billion less than we would have, and there is not going to be any difference in impact for the people we're trying to help," he said.
Coburn acknowledged that most of the cuts he is currently proposing are discretionary spending, which is only a fraction of the budget. Still, he said, a couple hundred billion dollars of the nearly $1 trillion in stimulus spending could be cut without hurting a fragile recovery.
The senator, who was also a member of President Obama's deficit commission that deadlocked earlier this month on recommendations for Congress to reduce its debt, added that structural changes need to be made to the way government works.
"The very fact that we have $1.1 trillion in tax expenditures every year that directs capital in a way that the government says it should be directed rather than the way it should be directed based on markets, tells us that we have a terrible tax system," Coburn said.
"I don't care if you're rich or poor, liberal or conservative. If we don't fix the problems in front of us, everybody is going to pay a significant price," he said.
A boat that carried two Florida teenagers, Austin Stephanos and Perry Cohen, who were lost at sea in the summer of 2015, was located about 100 miles off the coast of Bermuda, according to multiple reports including the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.
Austin and Perry from Tequesta, Florida, were last seen in the Jupiter area on July 24, 2015. At the time watchstanders at Coast Guard Sector Miami received the report that both boys were aboard a 19-foot white single engine center console vessel. They were last seen at approximately 1:30 p.m that day after purchasing $110 worth of fuel.
According to reports, an iPhone belonging to one of the teens was found in the boat and the boat are currently being towed back to Florida. It's scheduled to be back on May 16, the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission stated in a release.
“The personal effects that were onboard the boat will be returned to the families of the victims, and subsequent information retrieval efforts from any of those items will be at their discretion,” FWC stated.
The father of Austin Stephanos, Blu Stephanos, released this statement Saturday afternoon:
“In mid-March, I was contacted by a Havard Melvaer, captain of the Norwegian transport and supply vessel the Edda Fjord, who notified our family that they had recovered my son's missing boat off the coast of Bermuda. Capt. Melvaer provided us with some photos of the salvage operation and items recovered from the vessel. These photos verified that it was, indeed, the missing boat.”
“I wrote back to Capt. Melvaer to thank him for devoting the time and manpower necessary to recover my son's boat and the care they took to preserve its contents.
Perry's mom Pamela Cohen shared her thoughts on the new information in a post on Facebook.
“This is an open missing persons case, and we hope that FWC reopens their investigation,” Pamela writes on Facebook. She mentions that an iPhone was recovered from the boat with hopes that agencies will be able to “extrapolate data” that would help piece together the puzzle of what happened.
The Massive Australian Precambrian/Cambrian Impact Structure also known as MAPCIS is a proposed impact structure based upon arguments presented by Daniel P. Connelly at Geological Society of America meetings.[1] Its center is located approximately equidistant between Uluru (Ayers Rock) and Mount Conner in Australia's Northern Territory. The structure is approximately 600 km (370 mi) in diameter. However, a hypothetical outermost ring 2,000 kilometres (1,200 mi) in diameter is claimed to be the result of undefined far field stresses. Connelly argues that the age of this hypothetical impact is approximately 545 mya which puts it just before the Cambrian explosion (542 mya) of the current Phanerozoic eon (541 mya).[2] If confirmed as an impact structure, it would be the largest on earth.[1]
This proposed impact structure is listed as just a Class 3 Suspected in David Rajmon's Impact Database from the Impact Field Studies Group. Rajmon specifically noted that this proposed impact structure is highly speculative and based upon numerous unfounded interpretations, including the impact origin of the pseudotachylites and alleged ejecta deposits.[3] It is not listed as a confirmed impact structure in the Planetary and Space Science Centre's Earth Impact Database,[4] as only Class 0 confirmed impacts are listed on the site.
See also [ edit ]
The 2016 season didn't go like anyone with the Colts had hoped. The team struggled to an incredibly inconsistent season in which they went 8-8, finished third in the worst division in football, and missed the playoffs for the second straight year.
There's a really long list of problems that we can talk about with this team (mainly on the defensive side of the football), but running back Frank Gore wouldn't be even close to the top. In his two years with the Colts, he's given the team everything they thought they were getting: a good running back who's past his prime but who will always give his best, always play tough, bring a desire to win above all else, and still produce. This year, he rushed for 1,025 yards and four touchdowns (averaging 3.9 yards per carry) and caught 38 passes for 277 yards and four scores. For a 33-year old starting running back to total 1,302 yards and eight touchdowns from scrimmage this year is everything you could expect.
There are very few Colts who owe fans an apology less than Gore, who's as motivated to win as anybody. But that's exactly what he did, via a video posted by the Colts on Facebook: he apologized to fans for the way the Colts played this year.
“I want to apologize to our fans,” Gore said. “I know what they're used to here, this organization is one of football, playoff, Super Bowl football. I want to say sorry we didn't get it done. Hopefully we get things right, some key players will come back, hopefully they come back, hopefully next year we just got to grind and get back to what this organization's used to, getting to the playoffs, winning the division, and try to go get that trophy. And I just want to say, apologize to all the fans, all the fans who root for the ‘shoe.”
It's a classy move by the veteran, and at a time when the owner and general manager have gone completely silent about the future of this team, it's nice to see Gore setting the example for them in expressing to the fan that the Colts know going 8-8 and missing the playoffs is unacceptable. No excuses, no ‘almost 10-3s,' no sugar-coating things - just saying that they didn't get it done and apologizing for it. That's a message that should sit well with Colts fans, and it's one that some of the team's leaders could learn from. It's a classy move from a classy player.
This is a collection of commandline tools for indexing text documents and looking them up. They are very simple but work for me, perhaps someone would like to improve them. Programming language: Ada (FSF gcc 4.6 or higher, Ada 2005)
Sledgehammer Tools
==================
Sledgehammer is a free text file indexing tool written in Ada that consists of two helper programs:
sh-index - for creating an index given some directory
sh-lookup - for looking up entries in the index, including an interactive mode
The programs are licensed under GNU General Public License 3.0 and come with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY. This package should have come with a copy of the GPLv3 license in a file called "License.txt".
Installation
------------
There is a makefile that calls gnatmake on the project file. The usual sequence
make
make install
will compile and install the binaries in /usr/local/bin under the names sh-index and sh-lookup. Check the online help with the flag -h for usage information.
Dependencies and Platforms
------- ------- ------- -----
Sledgehammer tools require FSF Ada in GCC 4.6 or higher for compiling and the following commands available in /usr/bin:
find
pdftotext, iconv, odt2txt, antiword, detex, ps2txt, dvi2tty, html2txt, unrtf
Please check the implementation in converters.adb for more information.
The tools have only been tested on GNU/Linux. For Unix systems you might need to check the content of the sigchld_handler files and adapt them as necessary.
Troubleshooting
---------------
If you get an out of stack error, you might need to increase the hard coded stack size at the beginning of index.adb to a higher value. Current default is 64MB and should be plenty for most purposes.
If you run out of memory during indexing, buy more memory.
Contact
-------
The tools are called sledgehammer, because the methods used are like using a sledgehammer for putting a screw into the wall. Please feel free to make improvements.
The July issue of Shonengahosha's Young King Ours magazine revealed on Tuesday that Satoshi Mizukami will launch a new manga titled Nihonmatsu Kyōdai to Mokuzō Keikoku no Bōken (The Nihonmatsu Siblings and Wooden Valley Adventures) in the magazine on June 30. (Note: The romanization of the title isn't official. The title could also translate to The Adventures of the Nihonmatsu Siblings and Keikoku Kizukuri.) Mizukami posted the announcement page on Twitter on Tuesday.
In the "Japanese-style fantasy battle" story, mechanical sparrows chase after the girl Nerine on a moonlit night, but a boy and a girl save her. The boy is the older brother Akahiko, who is sullen, stingy, and polite to a fault. The girl is the energetic younger sister Yukio, who can manipulate snow. The pair is supernatural problem-solvers for hire, doing anything from intimidation to exorcisms as the Nihonmatsu siblings. (Note: Name romanizations are not official.)
Mizukami drew and wrote the Lucifer and the Biscuit Hammer manga, which launched in Young King Ours magazine in April 2005, and ended in 2010. JManga once carried the manga, and Seven Seas Entertainment later licensed and released the manga in print in North America.
In 2015, all seven Glasgow seats were taken by the Scottish National party in the electoral tsunami that wiped out Labour across Scotland. Two years later and with another bloody nose from the May local elections, Labour was not expected to reverse its fortunes at the ballot box on 8 June.
But turn the tide Labour did. It won just one of the seats, Glasgow North East, but it was back in the fight. It came within 75 votes of victory in Glasgow East, one of the constituencies the Guardian has been following for the Voices and votes series.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The SNP's David Linden, elected MP for Glasgow East, on the campaign trail in the run-up to the election. Photograph: Murdo Macleod for the Guardian
That resurgence might pale in comparison with the Conservative party's gains across Scotland. But it came as a shock to the SNP candidate in Glasgow East, David Linden, who looked on anxiously as the Labour ballot papers mounted up, centimetre by centimetre, to match his own as the count went on in the Emirates Arena.
A passionate and committed 27-year-old, Linden had been pulling 12- to 14-hour days as the election approached, canvassing on the streets to advance the nationalist cause.
Although he managed to clinch the seat, the slashing of the SNP majority from 10,387 votes in 2015 to a wafer-thin 75 in 2017 was a surprise to many, including Labour, which may now regret not having sent the cavalry north of the border.
And yet the Labour surge was barely detectable in the five weeks of the Guardian's reporting. We heard little but criticism for the party, which represented this sprawling working-class constituency from the 1930s until 2008 when it was taken by the SNP.
In deprived wards such as Shettleston or Easterhouse, people such as Moira Quigley, 60, and her aunt Cathy Reid felt Labour had abandoned them, and had switched to voting SNP. Pauline Skinner, whom we met outside the Forge shopping centre, said she had received no help from the council when her daughter's disabled son died at the age of 13. She too switched to the SNP in 2015. “I voted Labour all my life. I think Labour just got stuck,” Skinner said.
Elizabeth Steele, one of 12 children, had seen six of her siblings die (five of them owing to drugs or alcohol) and had been left looking after three of their children. She had received no help apart from child benefit, despite frequent requests to the council. Politicians never showed up at her doorstep unless they wanted something. “What is the point in voting?” she asked. “Nothing will change.”
After reading of her plight, Linden said he would make visiting Steele one of the first things he did after the election. “Work starts now,” he said in a text sent at 7.38am on Saturday.
He didn't say it, but no one had predicted how close Labour could come to toppling the SNP. But perhaps there were some signs. A week earlier, the Guardian had joined the Labour candidate, Kate Watson, on an evening of canvassing. She was detecting a change on the doorsteps in Baillieston, one of the wards in Glasgow East.
The launch of the party's manifesto appeared to be the gamechanger, with several millennials and some in the Guardian's focus group conceding they liked Jeremy Corbyn's plans, even if they weren't too confident about him as a leader.
“If people can see there's a possibility of a Labour government and there's momentum behind us, maybe they can see a way to voting for us,” said Watson.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jason Irvine, 20, a teacher from Glasgow. Photograph: Murdo Macleod for the Guardian
This was borne out by young people interviewed by the Guardian before and after election day. Jason Irvine, a 20-year-old teacher who was leaning towards Labour but was ambivalent about Corbyn, did ultimately vote for the party. “If I could identify a turning point, it was the manifesto,” he said. “It was all Corbyn and not Kezia Dugdale [the party leader in Scotland]. Once Corbyn got more positive airtime, it made more sense to vote Labour.”
Voices and votes: how grassroots graft changed British politics Read more
But in the end it was a win for the SNP. On a drive around the constituency, Linden took me past the Cranhill flat he had grown up in; the water tower that hadn't been painted in decades; the patch of grass where gangs fought; the street where someone had been murdered when he was young; and the many abandoned brownfield sites left derelict after the demolition of tenements or high-rises. “My first experience of politics was at six years of age on a Mothers Against Drugs march,” he said.
There were shoots of regeneration in the shape of a small community allotment behind a tower block, but there is a long way to go for this constituency, which scores so low on the Scottish index of multiple deprivation.
“For a number of reasons, I am going to be a constituency MP,” Linden said. “I don't see myself as going on select committees and pandering to the media. The reality is there are a lot of vulnerable folk here and advocacy is what they need.”
The Foulées du Gois is an international road running race held annually on the Passage du Gois, a tidal causeway between Beauvoir-sur-Mer and the Île de Noirmoutier, France. The professional race, held over the submerged causeway, is from one end of the causeway to the other, a distance of 4.15 kilometres (2.58 mi).[1] A series of alternate races are undertaken earlier in the day, when the tide is not over the causeway, for youth and non-professional divisions; the adult non-elite divisions are 8.3 kilometres (5.2 mi) in length, a round trip of the Passage du Gois.[2] The event is the second-most publicised in the département of Vendée, after the Vendée Globe round-the-world yacht race.[3]
Racing history and records [ edit ]
The idea for a race on the Passage du Gois was conceived in the late stages of 1986, with Jo Cesbron the founding president of the 'Foulées du Gois'.[1][3] The first event was held on June 20, 1987.[4] The race takes place annually in early summer, most frequently in the month of June, due to the logistics of tide heights, daylight hours, and water temperatures; the race generally starts in the evening.
The professional race, which is limited to 30 competitors selected from French and international applicants, begins when the water first crosses the road. The leaders often finish with water up to their ankles, while those who have got caught in the rising swell are often forced to swim to the finish line.[4] The current record for the race is 12 minutes and 8 seconds, by French athlete and Olympian Dominique Chauvelier in the 1990 running of the event.[4]
Conditions and geography [ edit ]
The Passage du Gois is at the convergence point of two water currents; the Bay of Bourgneuf current to the left of the runners and the Fromentine current to right. The athletes use the wave caused by this meeting as a path, as it provides less resistance to wading compared to undisturbed water. However, at high tide, the Bay of Bourgneuf current is stronger than the Fromentine current, and the wave line alters its course off the causeway.[5] The height of the water at high tide varies between 1.3 metres (4.3 ft) and 4.0 metres (13.1 ft).[4]
Email Share +1 2K Shares
Secretary of the Interior Sally Jewell will announce plans Friday at the historic Stonewall Inn in New York City for a new, groundbreaking study on LGBT history, according to three sources familiar with the event.
Peggy Phalan, general manager of the Stonewall Inn, was among those who said the event will take place at Stonewall Inn on Friday, but she had limited information on the planned study that will be announced.
“They do field studies for different groups, and they're starting one for the LGBT community,” Phalan said.
Although the nature of the study wasn't immediately clear, sources described the initiative as “historic” in nature. An Interior Department official said the initiative would be headed by the National Park Service and ensure the agency is telling a complete story of America's heritage and history.
[UPDATE: Per a news release Wednesday, the study will aim to “identify places and events associated with the civil rights struggle of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender Americans and ensure that the agency is telling a complete story of America's heritage and history.”]
In addition to Jewell, New York City officials and gay philanthropist Tim Gill, known for his work in funding efforts in the marriage equality movement, are scheduled to attend the kickoff for the study, two sources familiar with the event said.
Jewell is known for being a supporter for the LGBT community. Prior to her nomination as secretary of the interior, Jewell was CEO of the Washington State-based outdoor and recreational retailer REI and helped drive business support in that state for marriage equality when it was on the ballot in 2012.
According to an invite obtained by the Washington Blade, the announcement will be made at 11 am. The Blade will update this post as more information becomes available.
May 8, 2014 11 minutes
I recently responded to a call for advice over at Ninth World Hub regarding how easy a party of players can take out a single enemy. While combat isn't the focus of Numenera in general, that doesn't exclude the possibility of “boss battles” or powerful, singular enemies to fight. If you do want to focus on combat, if only for a small moment, you will find that the player characters are extremely effective combatants.
With effort, cyphers, powers and abilities and the fact that characters have (starting at Tier 1) around 30 health, it's really hard to take a player out or make them feel threatened or afraid for their lives before they can take out a single enemy. That's in a 1-on-1 scenario, typically you'll have a party of 3 or more player characters, so when you are throwing a single bad guy at them the odds become even more skewed in the players favour. When a single tier 1 player can, in a single attack, so upwards of 6 damage a round, with multiple players that's a lot of damage to absorb to survive even one round. If you are aiming for an epic battle, you need something a bit tougher.
The simple solution is to choose an enemy with a much higher level. An enemy at level 6 requires a roll of 18 or higher to even hit it and a tier 1 player can only apply one level of effort, reducing that to 15 or higher. That's effectively a 1⁄ 4 chance to hit, plus they can't add effort to the damage now. The trouble with this approach can be that the player then end up feeling impotent where they can't even touch the enemy, so finding a right balance can be important for the feel of the battle you are going for.
The circumstances of a fight really make all the difference. My players have escaped from prison and other forms of capture before, where they are surrounded by several high-level enemies. For example, their first fight was versus 6 level 6 royal guards, and a level 6 warlord with an artifact weapon, the players were level 1 at the time and there were only 3 of them. That might seem like overkill, but they mopped up. It was tough, and one of them dropped down the damage track, but they did this entirely without cyphers (they'd been stripped of their possessions earlier). The odds were stacked against them heavily, what with the levels difference being so huge and them not having cyphers, but the circumstances were such that they wouldn't be killed, and they knew this (or at least had a good idea) so such unfair odds made for a tense, high-stakes battle.
Using minor effects, or letting things happen due to surprising their enemies, I let them get the upper hand, even while I was approaching the battle from a position of overwhelming advantage. If I'd played it entirely ‘straight', they likely would have lost, but letting them pull off some awesome manoeuvres and by penalising their enemies based on various things the players had done, thus dropping their levels and making them easier to attack, things ended up evenly matched, but much more exciting and dangerous than a straight-up equally balanced battle might have been.
Similarly, they fought Rasters before and that battle was much closer to their level. This was whilst they were on a ship so they had limited range of movement, plus the Rasters had long-range weaponry so they could stay out of range, making a fairly easy to kill enemy far more difficult.
I've had them fight in a burning building before, which naturally caused issues for them in what was otherwise a fairly mundane fight (this all as the result of a GM intrusion on using the Push esotery when you have the Bears a halo of fire focus).
Large numbers of medium level enemies make for a more stamina-based battle because they can't afford to spend effort constantly. Getting into a battle with 20-30 enemies is a seriously big deal and the sheer numbers involved often encourages the players to find a non-combat solution which are generally more fun and interesting anyway.
Lex StarWalker covered most of the basics in his response to the post, and for me the ‘environmental factors' of a battle are really where its at, not just in terms of the actual environment (its on fire, windy, slippery, zero-g) but also what is going on. What if the players are in a fight surrounded by innocent people? Would your players use area-of-effect attacks that would hurt innocents? What if they are in a delicate bubble under the sea or in a vacuum, would they risk piercing it and causing themselves other problems? There are many ways you can impose limitations on a fight that might make it otherwise more difficult than it would be, while also serving double duty by providing you clear hooks for GM intrusions.
I've not really done any singular “boss-battles” in my games, so I can't speak from experience, but as I see it you generally have two scenarios:
The big-bad is intelligent The big-bad is a mindless beast
Intelligent Bosses
In the first case, the solution is to make use of that intelligence. Any sane person/creature is not going to take on 6 people at once unless they have an advantage. Either they are untouchable (or believe they are) due to terrain, some kind of ability (flight, phasing, invisibility, force fields, etc), they have underlings that can keep the party busy, or they have some kind of secret weapon or secret escape plan.
A big boss has a few strategies they can employ against a group of players. They can overwhelm the enemy with force, force them to divide their attacks so the boos isn't so much of a target or otherwise put the odds further in their own favour somehow.
To overwhelm them, the boss might carry an extremely potent numenera weapon. A boss is a lot more threatening when it has some kind of long-range rapid-fire laser that can deal a lot of damage multiple times a round and requires either a lot of expenditure of effort to dodge, or slows down attacks due to players needing to take cover. Suppressive fire can be used to declare all attacks against the boss are 1 step more difficult (and also a reason for GM intrusions for being hit whilst stepping out to attack). Alternatively, the boss might have some numenera that makes hitting it harder or impossible with physical force (perhaps it detonates a numenera that connects them all to the datasphere, putting their bodies into a coma in the real world as they fight it out in the battlefield of the mind, making all attacks target Intellect first) or giving it multiple attacks per round due to Speed effects. When an enemy can attack twice, that's twice the amount of effort required to guarantee improved odds of avoiding a hit. The enemy might use poisons or other effects too, in order to make attacks deadlier, even going so far as to push a character down the damage track, or disrupt their ability to use esoteries.
An intelligent enemy might pick off players one by one, focusing all their attacks from all their resources on one character in order to force the others to defend and protect them, or retreat to avoid a comrades death. The boss might also put one of them out of action which when dealing with a large number of opponents can be a critical advantage. Perhaps the boss forces them to divide their efforts through use of decoys, minions or other distractions, perhaps erecting a barrier between some of them or some kind of temporary paralysis or slowing effect so it doesn't have to deal with every player at once, making the fight more manageable.
In terms of avoiding damage, having control of the terrain can be a great advantage. Just by being in a familiar place like their lair, the boss might be 1-step harder to hit or avoid, as they know all the best places to duck and to hide and how to get around or find cover. Perhaps they literally control the terrain, having access to pit traps, crushing traps, spikes or other obstacles they can trigger remotely, or perhaps automated gun-turrets and other weaponry that acts as a separate attacker. They may be able to throw up walls of force or even physical walls using an ability or switch, or make the floor slick and slippery, making all actions on it harder for the players. If the boss is well practiced in dealing with these issues (as they should be if they created them for this purpose) they wouldn't be affected by those penalties either, so they could fight toe-to-toe on a slippery floor without suffering the same penalties the players are suffering from. If they can fly or phase out or teleport, then they can easily get out of range of melees and/or avoid projectiles, as well as give themselves attacking advantages by taking higher ground, doing surprise sneak attacks or other manoeuvres.
Naturally if they are a powerful, intelligent entity, they will have underlings. Rarely does a smart person put themselves directly in harms way and so they may summon backup or already have it with them. Every attack the players make against a lower level goon is an attack not made against the boss, giving it more time to cause damage or escape to fight another day.
The boss might have a secret weapon or escape plan. Perhaps it has a powerful artifact that will reduce a player's pools to 1 each and they can threaten the party with the characters death if they don't surrender or allow the boss to flee. Perhaps it has a teleportation cypher it is loathe to use (because of pride, or because it doesn't want to abandon it's lair and loot to the players) which it pulls out at the last second.
There are many various options for tweaking an intelligent boss battle and a lot of it comes down to the circumstances of the fight. Typically, if it's a boss, it should be in control of the situation when it is confronted by the players, but even when lured out into a place the player think they have the upper hand, an intelligent enemy is never going to put itself at risk without an ace up it's sleeve.
Unintelligent Bosses
In the second case, a mindless beast isn't going to commit suicide. If faced with odds it can't win, it will likely flee. That said, if it's a boss battle, it's likely in a situation where that isn't an option for it. When it isn't intelligent, you have fewer options because it can't plan or think, but that doesn't mean things are hopeless, this is Numenera we are talking about so almost always the solution is to crank up the weird dial to 11.
The creature may have eaten or been exposed to a cypher which randomly causes effects both negative and positive. Perhaps the creature phases in and out, perhaps it is wreathed in flames or emits harmful radiation. The creature itself may have been modified in some lab or by some nanite process and actually has weaponry or armour built into it that operates automatically. Maybe the creature instead of dying, splits into two new creatures when killed, each with half the full health of the previous incarnation or perhaps it has some kind of rudimentary mind control that can make players turn on each other or otherwise be distracted. The creature might not even be a creature at all, but a solid light hologram projected by a protected automaton within, so their damage to the ‘hologram' itself does nothing and they need to find a way to deactivate or damage the device within.
Another simple solution is to just massively ramp up the health of a creature. When a creature has 300 health instead of 30, it's suddenly in for a much longer haul. Perhaps it's a healthier or enhanced specimen or just the Alpha of the pack. Speaking of which, packs - not being intelligent doesn't mean it can't have backup or minions. Hell, perhaps the beast has intelligent followers that worship it as a god and they attack and defend on it's behalf!
There are plenty of options to make a battle more exciting if you want to use them - you never have to just use a creature out of the book verbatim and have a party fight it with no other modification. In fact, I tend to view all the entries in the book as ‘baseline' versions - a starting template from which to build a customised, memorable encounter. And again, the enemy itself should play only a single part of a much richer encounter that takes into account the circumstance of the enemy, the players and the surrounding environment to give it the feel you want to achieve.
WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama on Thursday lit into Pakistan, virtually accusing the country's all-powerful military of consorting with terrorists, of manufacting threats from India, and creating an environment that threatened the whole region, including the people of Pakistan.At a short-notice White House press conference, Obama prefaced his stinging critique of Pakistan's regional policy by acknowledging the country's importance and some cooperation it has provided so far. But he did not mince words in speaking about the country's two-faced military who are now regarded in some circles as terrorists in uniform.''There is no doubt that there are some connections the Pakistani military and intelligence services have with certain individuals that we find troubling," Obama said, endorsing the view of just-retired joint chiefs of staff Mike Mullen. "I think they (Pakistan) have hedged their bets in terms of what Afghanistan would look like and part of hedging their bets is having interactions with some of the unsavory characters who they think might end up regaining power in Afghanistan after coalition forces have left," he added.Pakistan has variously denied, and sometimes acknowledged and justified, ties with terrorist groups, which they believe further the country's strategic interest in Afghanistan in the event of U.S pull out. Pakistani analysts also believe the military is doing this to prevent India from wielding any influence in Afghanistan, where a broad-based dispensation excluding the Taliban is more inclined towards New Delhi.But Obama appeared to rubbish the idea, suggesting Pakistan was ill-served by this policy. Pakistan, he said, saw its "security interest threatened by an independent Afghanistan, in part because they think it will ally itself to India and Pakistan still considers India their mortal enemy,'' and "Part of what we want to do is actually get Pakistan to realize that a peaceful approach towards India would be in everybody's interests."Pakistan itself faced pressing problems such as poverty, illiteracy, a lack of development and weak civil institutions, "and in that environment, you've seen extremism grow, you've seen militancy that threatens the Pakistani government and Pakistani people as well.''"Trying to get that reorientation is something we continue to work on,'' Obama said, admitting, ''It is not easy.''
Charlottetown's most famous duck and her brood have once again made their epic journey from a grocery store garden centre to a pond on Agriculture Canada's experimental farm.
Lucy, as named by the staff at the Superstore on University Avenue, has been nesting at the garden centre there for eight years now. With lots of people around to protect her and her eggs from predators, it has proven to be a successful home.
As usual, Charlottetown police were on hand to help Lucy across University Avenue. (CBC)
But there is no water. That's on the other side of University Avenue, one of P.E.I.'s busiest 4-lane roadways, and every year Lucy leads the ducklings to the ponds at the experimental farm.
Her eggs hatched Monday, and she guided the nestlings across Tuesday morning. Charlottetown police, as always, were there to stop traffic and make sure everyone arrived safely.
A straggler
One duckling faltered while crossing the street. A good Samaritan picked it up and deposited it in the grass on the far side.
Wade Lewis of Ducks Unlimited, which set up a webcam on the nest this year, said the duckling would probably be OK.
One duckling had a harder time getting across the street, but crossed safely in the end. (CBC)
"They will more than likely keep that duckling with them," said Lewis.
"I know that it was the last born. Now when they get over here under cover they can rest a little bit more and continue on with the trek to the pond."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Hikaru Kimura of Mitsubishi expressed ''a most sincere apology'' to former US prisoners of war and their families
Japan's Mitsubishi corporation has made a landmark apology for using US prisoners of war as forced labour during World War Two.
A senior executive, Hikaru Kimura, expressed remorse at a ceremony in Los Angeles that prisoners had been put to work in mines operated by the firm.
It is believed to be the first such apology by a Japanese company.
One of the few surviving former US prisoners forced to work in Japan was present to accept the apology.
James Murphy, 94, said this was "a glorious day... for 70 years we wanted this."
Image copyright AP Image caption About 500 American POWs were forced to work in the mines by the Japanese
"I listened very carefully to Mr Kimura's statement of apology and found it very very sincere, humble and revealing," he added.
"We hope that we can go ahead now and have a better understanding, a better friendship and closer ties with our ally, Japan."
'Important gesture'
Relatives of other former prisoners were also present at the ceremony, held at the Simon Wiesenthal Centre.
Mitsubishi is acting independently of the Japanese government which has already issued a formal apology to American prisoners.
Japanese government officials say that it is an important gesture ahead of the 70th anniversary of the end of the war in August.
"We hope this will spur other companies to join in and do the same." said Rabbi Abraham Cooper, associate dean at the Simon Wiesenthal Centre.
Image copyright AP Image caption Protesters of mostly Korean or Chinese descent took to the streets of Los Angeles in May to protest against Japanese war crimes, during a visit by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe
The mines operated at four locations run by Mitsubishi's predecessor company, Mitsubishi Mining Co.
Only two living survivors could be located to accept the apology, and, only Mr Murphy was fit enough to make the trip to Los Angeles, local media reported.
About 500 American POWs were forced to work in the mines from among the thousands of allied, Philippine, Korean and Chinese prisoners who were pushed into slave labour by the Japanese.
'Slavery in every way'
Image copyright AP Image caption James Murphy said his experiences in the mines had been "slavery in every way"
Mr Murphy told US media earlier that he spent a year at a copper mine near Hanawa, an experience he described as "a complete horror".
"It was slavery in every way: no food, no medicine, no clothing, no sanitation," he said, adding that it was all the more galling to know that Mitsubishi built fighter aircraft used against American forces.
He said that, while he had forgiven his captors, he still wanted the apology for his ordeal.
Although no cash compensation is being offered by Mitsubishi, the apology was "a big deal", he had said.
Correspondents say it is not clear why the apology has come so long after the war.
The Japanese government officially apologised to American former POWs five years ago.
Since the first community supported agriculture program was established in western Massachusetts in the 1980s, the concept of buying food directly from local farms has taken off. There are now thousands of CSAs across the country. It's a simple enough model—consumers purchase a share of the season's harvest upfront, and they get a box or bag of fresh, locally grown produce each week from the farm.
And this model is not restricted to farming. In recent years, people have applied the CSA idea to other types of goods and services such as dining out, microbrews, and even fish. It's a system that works for both producers and consumers. Here are some of our favorite examples.
Community supported breweries
According to the Brewers Association, there were nearly 1,500 microbreweries in the United States in 2013, a 23 percent increase over the 2012 count. As craft beer becomes ever more popular, some breweries have adopted the farm CSA model to offer customers exclusive access to their favorite local brews.
By purchasing a CSB share, you get to take home a specified quantity of beer at regular intervals, usually monthly. You are directly purchasing from the producer, thus creating a relationship between creator and consumer. CSB memberships typically offer six- or twelve-month options and include additional benefits like discounts and members-only events.
It's a system that works well from a brewery's perspective too. “For a small producer, you get money upfront that you need to buy ingredients and packaging, you know what people want ahead of time (in some instances), and they come and pick up the beer themselves,” explained Page Buchanan, owner of House of Brews in Madison, Wis., in an email. “So, it solves the challenges of knowing what to make, buying the raw materials to make it, and then distributing it to the end consumer. It's very efficient.”
Artist Amy Rice shows her work to Springboard shareholders. Photo courtesy of Springboard for the Arts.
Community supported art
Similar to farm-based CSAs, this exchange program connects people to local producers, but instead of taking home a basketful of fruits and veggies, shareholders receive a collection of local artwork. And just as the type of produce in a farm share changes, the type of art varies with each batch, depending on which artists contribute.
Commissioned artists create a specified number of pieces, usually around 50 or so, which is the number of shares available for purchase. Each share typically consists of one piece from each of the participating artists and costs anywhere from $50 to $500. Shares are distributed through a series of “pick-up parties,” allowing patrons the opportunity to meet artists in their community.
Art sharing programs have cropped up all over the country in recent years. The idea for community supported art was developed five years ago by Minnesota-based art organizations Springboard for the Arts and mnartists.org. Now there are roughly 40 CSAs based on the Minnesota model in cities nationwide, from Philadelphia to Miami to Jackson Hole, Wyo. Although the specifics of each program vary, the basic premise remains the same—strengthening the tie between art and community by connecting people with local artists.
“It's about creating those connections directly between the artists and the shareholders,” said Andy Sturdevant, Artists Resources Director at Springboard for the Arts. He was involved in organizing the first community supported art program and said he borrowed the idea directly from the successful farm-based CSA movement.
“It's a model people already understood,” he said. “People like to know where the things they buy come from, whether that's food or whether that's artwork.”
Photo by Melanie J Watts / Flickr.
Community supported medicine
Purchase a community supported medicine share, and instead of cucumbers and squash you receive a mini herbal apothecary filled with all-natural products like dried herbs and spices, tea blends, tonics and tinctures, and skin salves and oils. Contents vary depending on the season.
Again, the idea is to connect consumers directly with producers, and in this case the result is a mutually beneficial relationship between local herb-growers, medicine-makers, and people in the community. Forgo big pharmaceutical companies and instead invest in herbal, organic medicine that comes from the farm down the road—what could be healthier than that?
A few titles available from The Head & The Hand Press.
Community supported publishing
The CSA model has ascended into the literary world with the rise of community supported publishing. Offered by a handful of small, independent publishers, a CSP membership gives patrons a steady supply of books and other publications hot off the press. South End Press in Cambridge, Mass., offers CSP subscriptions (starting at $20 a month) that provide members a monthly batch of all new material and select backlisted books and publications as well as a 10 percent discount on everything else. Pretty sweet deal. [Update: As of Summer 2014, South End Press has closed for business].
The Head & The Hand Press in Philadelphia also runs a CSP program. According to The Head & The Hand website, “For an upfront annual investment from our shareholders, we produce bi-annual shares of our creative work including our novels, our almanacs, our chapbooks series, and other offerings created in our workshop. We will also offer our shareholders exclusive insights into how the work was produced, plus access to our offerings before they hit the street.”
Small publishing companies are trying to tread water in the precarious publishing business. Supporting smaller players through a CSP share can make your reading habit sustainable for all parties—authors, publishers, and readers.
Tom Savini is a very unique character in the horror genre and almost every die hard horror fan knows who he is. Today comes news he has tapped Tony Todd and Tiffany Shepis two fellow genre icons to star in his second directorial debut Death Island.
Having met Tom Savini I was quite shocked by his rugged nature and his straight to the point attitude but there is no denying that his special effects contributing to the genre and his work on Night of the Living Dead remake as director are second to none. So the thought of his returning to the directors seat is pretty damn exciting.
Ryan Strickland emailed me to share news on this new project which is looking to raise $1million on indiegogo which is a pretty damn ambitious number to raise. Tom Savini's production team are promising big things about Death Island declaring it will make zombie movies scary again and stand out in a sea of other zombie films. They write quote;
Zombie films have been around forever and are at an all-time high right now. With the incredible success of AMC's The Walking Dead and most recently the blockbuster feature film, World War Z, the audiences are coming out in force to support quality zombie fare. Well Tom Savini's Death Island will not only give the fans what they want but it will also bring a fresh take to the screen and ground the zombie mythology to its original roots while also bringing some new and scary concepts to the table that have never before been seen on the screen. Tom wants to bring many of the ideas he had to this film that he was unable to bring to life when filming his version of Night of the Living Dead. And this will help Tom Savini's Death Island stand apart for the rest and revitalize the cinematic future of the living dead moving forward. Plus the chance to see some of the names Tom has lined up to appear in the film make it even better. Horror Icon's Tony Todd and Tiffany Shepis are already onboard and more will follow as soon as funding is secure.
To donate money to help them raise their $1million you can go here. What are your thoughts on Tom Savini returning to the directors chair? I have always said that Tom Savini needed to direct more movies since his work on the remake of Night of the Living Dead was second to none. It has made many of our top lists including our list of the Top 23 Horror Remakes
Below is Tom Savini's pitch video for the project.
Six things I learned to go to my first ever NFL game
I am a cynical British person, who therefore does not ‘get' the NFL. I've seen Any Given Sunday, and I enjoyed Beyonce's Super Bowl half time show a few years back. I think I played a Madden game once. That's about it. I have nothing against in general, it's just another thing I'd never gotten into.
However, the NFL is steadily making in-roads into the UK. There's now four games a season played in London, and rumours continue to swirl of a team making the capital their permanent home. I was kindly given a pair of tickets to the final London game of 2017, between the Cleveland Browns and the Minnesota Vikings. Would experiencing the NFL live, in all its glory, be enough to convert me? I tried to dampen my natural level of bitter cynicism, and go in with an open mind. This is what I discovered.
1: NFL fans go all in.
Getting the train from Vauxhall on Sunday morning, it was clear how big a deal the London games were to Europe's NFL contingent. There were accents from all over the country, and further abroad. Plenty of Americans. Lots of Europeans as well, who I presume made the trip as London is the closest game to them. At Barnes, a group of Vikings fans speaking a Germanic language got on, complete with impressive beards and horned helmets. I hoped they might be real genuine Nordic Vikings, but since both the beards and helmets were knitted out of wool, I don't think they were.
When I got to Twickenham Station, the vibe was definitely similar going to a football match. Half-and-half-scarf vendors draping their wares on street corners. Stewards doing their best to funnel the crowds the right way. The fans were noticeably different though. Extravagant consumes, and full families in matching coloured outfits. My favourite was a Vikings fan in sharp all-purple suit, purple glasses and a gold suit. Dude looked like a Prince tribute act you'd see at a Slovakian ski lodge.
2: It's all about the pre-game activities.
We got there three hours before kick-off, because I wanted to get there good and early for the real main event: the tailgating. As is best my grasp of the situation, in America I don't think they have the concept of going for a pint before the game. That's because they have to drive several hours to a giant stadium, to park alongside thousands of other cars – so they get there early, set up a grill out the back of their truck or whatever, and have a cook-out. To be honest, I was hoping on a grey British approximation of this – a disposable barbecue on the roof of a Ford Fiesta with a couple of warm tinnies.
Advertisement
The Twickenham tailgate was actually a lot of NFL-based activities designed to ingrain the sport to new fans (plus plenty of opportunities to purchase merchandise and refreshments). At first, I was pretty gutted. But I'm not gonna lie – it was genuinely a lot of fun. Kids ran around getting photos with mascots, middle age dudes embarrassed themselves on inflatable end zones, and people ate hotdogs the size of their face. Cheerleaders performed on stage. The Americans know how to make these things a full-day, fun-for-all-the-family type event. You just have to embrace it.
3: Colours of virtually every NFL side were on show.
If you went to a Premier League game between, say, Spurs and Everton, you would not see any Chelsea shirts (or at least, I bloody hope not). I get that this is a special occasion, that European fans get a limited chances each year to see any live NFL, let alone their team, but still, seeing Green Bay Packers in their cheese head hats was odd. I ended up buying a New York Giants scarf – I had no prior team affiliations, but the writing Giants scarf looked most like an early 90s Sega game box, so I went with that. Giants 4 Life, yo.
4: It's more like cricket than football.
Yeah, but what about the actual, y'know, match? I'm surprised how much I enjoyed it, despite initially not knowing the intricacies of the rules. The British ‘Yer Da' take on American football is that it's rugby for wimps and they keep stopping for ad breaks all the time. That's obviously a reductive take, but watching the NFL live made me realise how that's fundamentally misguided that approach is to the sport. Despite taking place on a similar pitch to rugby or football, it is honestly more like a one-day cricket test than a free-moving game. The pauses are the game. Just like in cricket, they are what create the tension, and dictate the pace and rhythm of the game. Each down is like an over. It's a more all-day vide building to crescendos of action. You kick back, eat and drink, and get excited about the appropriate moments.
I'd been instructed to support the Browns, since they're were the underdogs. ‘Underdogs' was a bit of an understatement tbh – they'd lost every game so far this season, and probably are tapping up Sam Allardyce as we speak. Yet miraculously, the Browns got a touchdown early, putting the Vikings on the backfoot and making it an exciting game. Eventually, the Browns lack of quality showed through, and the Vikings trounced them in the final quarter, but by all accounts it was the best match of this year's London Games.
5: Expect to hear a lot of hip-hop.
To keep the energy up, a strange but very American combination of modern hip-hop (Future, Migos and Rae Sremmund) and 80s rock (Metallica and Guns N Roses) blasted between every down (they should totally do this between overs at Lords). Wrestling-style promo vids for the Browns players played on the screen. The Cleveland drumline performed. The ‘Party Patrol' also made multiple experiences - these were a crew of guys on spring stilts doing flips and stuff, and girls firing t-shirt guns into the crowd. Ever since the death of Maude Flanders I've been nervous around t-shirt guns, but thankfully it pasted without incident.
6: Most importantly, just embrace it.
I do think I lucked out and went to a particularly exciting game – that's the risk with any sport, you could end up seeing a thriller, and the dullest 0-0 of all time. However, what I really enjoyed was the overall experience. The NFL is loud, brash, and very, very American – and if you embrace that, it's a lot of fun. It's a day out, and it's an experience.
Orange's price rise has unleashed a huge amount of consumer anger, and the mobile operator now has the dubious honour of being in our top 10 most-commented Convos. So what are we concerned about at Which?
What's so striking is just how annoyed Orange customers are to find that their mobile phone contract is not, as they thought, a fixed sum for a fixed period.
While it's all a bit embarrassing to have your existing customers so unhappy, it seems that Orange won't be changing its mind, even though it might be a bit red faced. At least, not unless people power persuades it to.
Like many other companies, Orange faces rising costs due to these tricky economic times and it's having to pass this on to its customers through increased prices. But this episode has raised some questions we don't yet have all the answers to. Here are some of the ones we're trying to get to the bottom of here at Which?
1. How many were clearly told that their contract allows price rises?
Very few it would seem. To be told after the event that the T&Cs allow for a price rise just creates greater annoyance, since the vast majority of customers probably thought their contract was for a fixed price for a fixed term.
When we spoke to Orange about this, we pressed it to ensure that:
Future price rises are better communicated – preferably not only by text.
And sales agents alert customers to the small print which states their contract may not necessarily be at a fixed price.
Only time will tell whether mobile companies will offer genuinely fixed price contracts. But, from your reaction, it sounds like this is what you want and expect (though a 30-day rolling contract is another option some operators offer, which lets you switch more easily.)
2. Just what is the point of CISAS?
CISAS is Orange's independent complaints handling body, as approved by Ofcom. However, it has told many of you that it has no remit to deal with complaints about ‘business decisions'.
I was particularly amazed to see CISAS referring commenter Mike's complaint to Citizens Advice. Surely that's passing the buck. Some information on its website would have been helpful, but after a week its ‘News' page is still blank!
Now, it's true that CISAS can't consider a consumer complaint until Orange's internal complaints handling process has been exhausted, or if you've not heard anything for eight weeks (whichever comes first). However, it's been unhelpful (to put it mildly) to have Ofcom referring customers to CISAS but then have CISAS say it can't do anything. That does not sound like joined up working!
3. Has Orange broken Ofcom's rules or not?
Our lawyers have confirmed that Orange's T&Cs do enable it to increase prices within RPI, though the wording of their standard contract could be clearer (something Orange has promised us it would look into).
However, what exactly is Ofcom's view on whether it's right to increase prices for existing customers on an agreed contract? We've asked and we're awaiting a reply.
By the same token, could we ever expect an operator to reduce prices for existing customers? Somehow I doubt it, but maybe there's an example out there that we don't know about.
The gist of this issue is summed up by the comments about whether a mobile phone contract is like buying a loaf of bread or not. It seems we, the consumers, think our contracts are for a set time and price. But they, the mobile operators, think it's like a loaf of bread (or should I say it's like an orange) where the price can change. We wait to see what Ofcom thinks.
[UPDATE 08/11/2011 4PM] We have been in touch with Ofcom and it has now told us it will not be taking complaints against Orange any further:
‘Having assessed the complaints against the relevant consumer legislation, Ofcom has decided, on the evidence available, not to proceed with an investigation at this time as [Orange's] price rise is not likely to be a breach of current legislation.'
You can read the full statement in Rob Reid's comment, or by visiting our Which? Tech Daily blog.
Before Orange's price rise, did you know mobile contracts weren't at a fixed price? No, I didn't realise they could increase prices (94%, 977 Votes) Yes, I knew they weren't at a fixed price (6%, 58 Votes) Total Voters: 1,036
MEXICO CITY -- Vice President Joe Biden said Thursday that some 2016 presidential campaign rhetoric about Mexico and immigrants has been "dangerous, damaging and incredibly ill-advised" and is out of step with most Americans' attitudes.
Ex-Mexican president: "Not going to pay for that f***ing wall"
Speaking in Mexico City at Cabinet-level talks on boosting economic and commercial ties with one of the United States' top trading partners, Biden reassured Mexican officials that such talk also does not reflect progress in the countries' bilateral relations.
"The main message I wanted to say to you is that I understand that you can't poison the well and at the same time work out a real estate agreement to buy the well," he said.
Without naming names, Biden was generally critical of Republican candidates, several of whom have proposed measures from walling the entire U.S.-Mexico border to deporting all 11 million people estimated to be living in the United States illegally. GOP front-runner Donald Trump said last year that Mexico was sending crime, drugs and "rapists" north of the border.
"Some of the rhetoric coming from some of the presidential candidates on the other team are I think dangerous, damaging and incredibly ill-advised," Biden said. "But here's what I'm here to tell you: They do not, they do not, they do not represent the view of the vast majority of the American people."
Biden's comments come the same day as former Mexican President Vicente Fox said in an interview with Fusion's Jorge Ramos that he was "not going to pay for that f***ing wall. He [Trump] should pay for it."
Mexico says it will not build or pay for border wall
"Please, you Hispanics, Latinos in the U.S., open your eyes," Fox said. ""It's not to defend our race. Not to defend our creed. It's to defend this very same nation that is hosting you. This nation is going to fail if it goes into the hands of a crazy guy."
Trump has the worst favorability rating in the GOP presidential field among Hispanic voters, according to a Washington Post-Univision News poll released Thursday.
The survey found 17 percent of Hispanic voters surveyed said they had a favorable opinion of the billionaire businessman, but more than 80 percent reported an unfavorable view of him.
Biden was accompanied by U.S. Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz and Interior Secretary Sally Jewell.
Jewell and her Mexican counterparts signed agreements to cooperate on energy issues, conservation and preparing for the impacts of climate change, the U.S. Interior Department said in a statement. The secretary also commended recent Mexican reforms opening its energy sector to private investment.
Backlash grows as Trump defends remarks on Mexican immigrants
"As allies and partners, the economies of the U.S. and Mexico are inextricably linked and a strong energy sector is a key part of that equation," Jewell said.
Trade between the United States and Mexico totaled about $530 billion last year, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
Biden was meeting with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto later in the day.
The High-Level Economic Dialogue forum between the United States and Mexico was established by President Obama in 2013. This is the third year officials have met to discuss "economic growth, job creation and competiveness," the statement said.
Senate Majority Whip Dick Durbin (D-IL) on Sunday criticized Republicans for not being willing to negotiate with President Obama in the aftermath of the shutdown fight, recounting a confrontation one lawmaker had with the president during talks to reopen the government.
Durbin wrote on Facebook that one Republican House leader told Obama in a meeting, “I cannot even stand to look at you.”
Durbin added that while Republicans charged that Obama was not willing to negotiate, neither were members of the GOP.
“Many Republicans searching for something to say in defense of the disastrous shutdown strategy will say President Obama just doesn't try hard enough to communicate with Republicans,” he said on Facebook. “What are the chances of an honest conversation with someone who has just said something so disrespectful?”
Obama met with Republican leaders at the White House multiple times during the shutdown. Obama met with Senate Republicans and a small group of House GOP members separately over a week into the shutdown. Obama also met with leaders of both parties and both chambers two weeks into the shutdown, and Obama spoke with House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) in person and over the phone.
Update: Spokespersons for House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-VA) denied Durbin's account to National Review on Wednesday.
Latest Developments:
1) Conventional crude production - The Latest figures from the Energy Information Administration (EIA) show that crude oil production including lease condensates increased by 444,000 b/d from May to June 2009, resulting in total production of crude oil including lease condensates of 71.78 million b/d. Crude oil production in the EIA International Petroleum Monthly for May 2009 was revised downward from 71.8 to 71.33 million b/d. The all-time high production record of crude oil stands at 74.74 million b/d reached in July 2008.
2) Total liquid fuel production - In August 2009 world production of all liquid fuels declined by 400,000 barrels per day from July according to the latest fgures of the International Energy Agency (IEA), resulting in total world liquid fuels production of 84.88 million b/d. Liquids production for July 2009 was revised upward in the IEA Oil Market Report of August from 85.15 to 85.28 million b/d. Average global liquid fuels production in 2009 through August was 84.6 million b/d versus 86.6 and 85.32 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively.
3) OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production in OPEC countries increased by 50,000 b/d from July to August to a level of 34.16 million b/d. Average liquid fuels production in 2009 through August was 33.59 million b/d, versus 36.09 and 35.02 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively. All-time high production of OPEC liquid fuels stands at 36.58 million b/d reached in July 2008. Total crude oil production excluding lease condensates of the OPEC cartel increased by 50,000 b/d to a level of 28.80 million b/d, from July to August 2009, according to the latest available estimate of the IEA. Average crude oil production in 2009 through August was 28.58 million b/d, versus 31.43 and 30.37 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively. OPEC natural gas liquids remained stable from July to August at a level of 5.36 million b/d. Average OPEC natural gas liquids production in 2009 through August was 5.01 million b/d, versus 4.66 and 4.55 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively.
4) Non-OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production excluding biofuels in Non-OPEC countries decreased by 450,000 b/d from July to August 2009, resulting in a production level of 49.17 million b/d according to the International Energy Agency. Average liquid fuels production in 2009 through August was 49.51 million b/d, versus 49.32 and 49.34 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively. Total Non-OPEC crude oil production excluding lease condensates increased by 162,000 b/d to a level of 41.24 million b/d, from May to June 2009, according to the latest available estimate of the EIA. Crude oil production in the EIA International Petroleum Monthly for May 2009 was revised downward from 41.5 to 41.08 million b/d. Average crude oil production in 2009 through June was 41.51 million b/d, versus 41.32 and 41.80 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively. Non-OPEC natural gas liquids production decreased by 117,000 from May to June to a level of 3.30 million b/d. Average Non-OPEC natural gas liquids production in 2009 through August was 3.41 million b/d, versus 3.65 and 3.79 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively.
5) OECD Oil Consumption - Oil consumption in OECD countries increased by 659,000 b/d from May to June to a level of 42.85 million b/d. Average OECD oil consumption in 2009 through June was 43.87 million b/d, versus 46.10 and 47.68 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively.
6) Chinese & Indian liquids demand - Oil consumption in China increased by 654,000 b/d from May to June to a level of 8.19 million b/d. Average oil consumption in China in 2009 through June was 7.18 million b/d, versus 6.92 and 7.29 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively. Oil consumption in India increased by 144,000 b/d to a level of 2.96 million b/d. Average oil consumption in India in 2009 through June was 2.92 million b/d, versus 2.60 and 2.43 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively.
8) OPEC spare capacity - According to the International Energy Agency, total effective spare capacity (excluding Iraq, Venezuela and Nigeria) in August 2009 remained stable at 5.30 million from July. Of total August spare capacity according to the IEA Saudi Arabia can produce an additional 3.4 million b/d within 90 days, the United Arab Emirates 0.58 million b/d, Angola 0.31 million b/d, Iran 0.20 million b/d, Libya 0.22 million b/d, Qatar 0.13 million b/d, and the other remaining countries 0.46 million b/d.
Total OPEC spare production capacity in August 2009 declined by 690,000 b/d to a level of 3.51 million b/d from 4.2 million b/d in July according to the Energy Information Administration. Of total August spare capacity, 2.60 million b/d is estimated to come from Saudi Arabia by the EIA, 0.22 million b/d from Qatar, 0.19 million b/d from Angola, 0.20 million b/d from Kuwait, 0.30 million b/d from the United Arab Emirates, 0.10 million b/d from Iran, and no spare capacity from other countries.
9) OECD oil stocks - Industrial inventories of crude oil in the OECD in July 2009 increased to a level of 1012 million from 1011 million barrels in June according to the latest IEA statistics. Current OECD crude oil stocks are 54 million barrels higher than the five year average of 958 million barrels. In the August Oil Market Report of the IEA, a total stock level of 990 million barrels was tabulated for June which has been revised upwards to 1011 million barrels in the September edition. Industrial product stocks in the OECD in July 2009 increased to 1470 million from 1459 million barrels in June according to the latest IEA Statistics. Current OECD product stocks are 72 million barrels higher than the five year average of 1398 million barrels. In the August Oil Market Report of the IEA, a total stock level of 1467 million barrels was tabulated for June which has been revised downwards to 1459 million barrels in the September edition.
Figure 2 - OPEC Spare Capacity from January 2003 to August 2009 according to the International Energy Agency
Figure 3 - World Crude Oil Production from January 2002 to June 2009
Figure 4 - OPEC Crude Oil Production from January 2002 to August 2009
Figure 5 - Non-OPEC crude oil production from January 2002 to June 2009
Figure 6 - World Liquid Fuels Production from January 2002 to August 2009
Figure 7 - OPEC liquids fuel production from January 2002 to August 2009
Figure 8 - OECD oil consumption from January 2002 to June 2009
Note on subscription
For the time being, it is no longer possible to subscribe to the automatic e-mail service in order to receive the Oilwatch Monthly in your inbox. This is because I am working on a dedicated website for the Oilwatch Monthly which will be launched early next month together with a second newsletter, the Oil Forecast Quarterly. Publication on the Oil Drum will continue alongside this website, and the automatic e-mail service will from then on be available again to new subscribers. Inquiries about these developments can be made at contact at peakoil.nl.
Raiola: 'Zlatan and Balotelli love Napoli'
By Football Italia staff
Mino Raiola reveals Zlatan Ibrahimovic “has always been in love with” Napoli and won't rule out a Mario Balotelli move either.
The agent spoke to Radio Crc today and was asked about the possibility of the pair, both represented by Raiola, wearing the Napoli jersey.
“Mario is fine at Nice because he wants to show the world that he's become a calm person, he just wants to work and that's what he's doing.
“There are a lot of teams who asked for him, from China to northern Europe, but we've said we'll wait a few months to decide Balotelli's future.
“We don't rule anything out, neither Napoli nor other clubs, we'll see what happens in the summer.”
Balotelli has been linked with Napoli more than once, partly because his daughter Pia lives in the city.
“As for Ibrahimovic, he's always been in love with Naples and the passion of the Neapolitans and I've always said that openly because he grew up in a family which was similar to the Neapolitans and then with me.
“He knows what the love of the Neapolitans means and that passion has always attracted him.
“I know that [President Aurelio] De Laurentiis knows him, and with Zlatan you never know what could happen.”
Ibrahimovic joined Manchester United as a free agent this summer when his contract with Paris Saint-Germain expired.
The 35-year-old Swede has scored 19 goals with six assists in 31 competitive games for Jose Mourinho's side.
An Ubuntu tablet will ‘battle' against Android and iOS Canonical's CEO Jane Silber has said.
And although Ubuntu isn't running on tablets yet she told Techworld‘s Paul Krill that ‘announcements in that area‘ are to be made later this year.
Ubuntu tablet
Ubuntu Tablet has been a long-held want for many Ubuntu users. As the owner of a variety of tablets I can attest that despite often being called ‘touch-friendly Unity, along with the rest of the Ubuntu desktop, is not as tablet friendly as one would assume.
But is Ubuntu too late to the game?
Windows 8, with its finger-friendly Metro interface and burgeoning basket of app developers, and Android, with Ice Cream Sandwich and massive consumer awareness, are all poised to take significant marketshare. Can Ubuntu really compete with established titans of the tablet arena?
WebOS couldn't, and Blackberry's Playbook didn't exactly find itself flavour of the month, either.
Silber is more upbeat: “We know we're late, but we think the battle is not over, and we want to compete.'
“…the battle is not over..”
‘[I think we can compete] …because of characteristics of Ubuntu as a platform, industry dynamics, and an increased wariness around the walled gardens of Apple and to some extent Google and even Amazon, as they are increasingly in this game as well. There is a demand for a platform that has characteristics that Ubuntu meets. The characteristics in my mind that are important are openness, and by openness I don't just mean open source code, I mean the governance structure, the ability to collaborate, the ability for there to be multiple devices from multiple vendors.”
And just to keep us all on our toes Silber says that Canonical are already in discussions with several hardware manufacturers – although she can't give us name just yet.
So with devices to ship on, and the passion, commitment and community/employee talent to turn Ubuntu in a Tablet OS there is only one other factor crucial to Ubuntu Tablet becoming successful…
App Store Dynamics
Ubuntu's success in the tablet-sphere – however niche it might end up – will hinge on more than just decent hardware and shops willing to sell it. The platform will need to have application developers so enthused by the platform that they are will to develop for it. And that's no mean feat of itself.
Further still, to attract quality commercial developers and the big name apps that many consumers look out for Canonical are going to need offer competitive pricing for developers and consumers, and attract more business to the Ubuntu Software Centre than it's seen of late.
According the developer of Memory Owl, Decembers 10th best selling app, it claimed its place by selling a mere 27 copies.
Introducing the P67 Express
Even the most cynical of PC enthusiasts—AMD fanboys included—have to admit that Intel's Sandy Bridge CPUs are all kinds of impressive. The latest architectural overhaul in Intel's tick-tock approach to processor development brings with it phenomenal performance, low power consumption, and prodigious overclocking potential. You don't have to spend a lot to get a really sweet CPU, either. The Core i5-2500K sells for just a little more than $200, yet it offers quad cores clocked at 3.3GHz with a 3.7GHz Turbo peak and a fully unlocked upper multiplier. Want Hyper-Threading as a part of the package? For an additional $100, the Core i7-2600K juggles eight threads, adds more cache, and bumps the default clocks up by 100MHz.
Like most new Intel CPU architectures, Sandy Bridge arrives hand-in-hand with fresh core-logic chipsets. Translation: you're gonna need a new motherboard. As one might expect, there are no shortage of options from which to choose. After two years of refreshing mid-range offerings based on the same 5-series chipsets, motherboard makers have been especially eager to show off designs based on Intel's new 6-series core logic.
Now's a good time to be in the market for a motherboard upgrade, too. Support for 6Gbps SATA and USB 3.0 has become all but ubiquitous. Just about any external hard drive can take advantage of USB 3.0, and next-gen solid-state drives are sure to exploit the SATA 6Gbps. The new Intel chipsets have proper, full PCI Express 2.0 bandwidth, doubling the data throughput available to add-in cards like that high-performance SSD you've been eyeing. We've also seen motherboard makers start to pay more attention to automatic overclocking and fan control features. Some are offering luxuries like EFI BIOSes and onboard Bluetooth, as well.
Not too long ago, such goodies would have been confined to high-end flagship products priced well above the $200 mark. Today, they're staples of the wave of mid-range motherboards built to host Intel's latest CPUs. But which one is best for enthusiasts? To find out, we've rounded up Asus' P8P67 PRO, Gigabyte's GA-P67A-UD4, Intel's DP67BG, and MSI's P67A-GD65. We'll explore them all over the following pages, and we'll also take a closer look at Intel's new P67 Express chipset to see how its peripheral performance compares to the venerable P55 and AMD's latest south-bridge silicon. Buckle up.
All aboard the P67 Express
Before diving into the new motherboards primed to take on "Sandy Bridge" Core CPUs, we should spend a moment considering the P67 Express chipset. The P67 replaces the P55 as Intel's mid-range chipset for desktop systems with discrete graphics cards. A graphics card is a requirement rather than a suggestion, because the P67 lacks the display controller and FDI interface needed to use the GPU built into Sandy Bridge processors. That display logic is present in the H67 Express, which supplants the H57 as Intel's premiere integrated graphics platform.
While the P67 lacks the H67's display logic, it does have more control over the CPU. Tapping a Sandy Bridge processor's unlocked core and memory multipliers requires a P67 chipset. You'll need the P67 to adjust the CPU's power threshold, too. And only the P67 will allow a motherboard to split the processor's 16 lanes of PCIe connectivity between a pair of x8 links for CrossFireX and SLI. Despite the fact that those lanes reside on the CPU and never pass through the chipset, motherboards based on the H67 are limited to a single 16-lane connection.
Otherwise, the P67 and H67 have similar capabilities. The two are so closely matched that we asked Intel whether the P67 is simply H67 silicon with its display bits disabled. As it turns out, that's not the case; the H67 and P67 diverge earlier in the manufacturing process. I wouldn't expect any difference in the performance of their integrated peripherals, though.
At 10.5 x 9.5 mm, the P67 Express is a very small chip. It's only marginally larger than the P55, which is about a millimeter smaller in each dimension. That parity is unsurprising considering that both chipsets are built on a 65-nano fabrication process—at least for now. Intel tends to craft chipsets with fabrication technology that's one step behind what's used to fab CPUs. Like the Westmere silicon behind Core 2010 CPUs, Sandy Bridge processors are built on the 32-nano process node, putting the P67 two rungs down the ladder. When asked, Intel said that only the "current" version of the P67 uses 65-nm process technology. We may see a die-shrunk refresh before long, perhaps as a long-overdue replacement for the high-end X58 Express chipset. A finer fabrication process isn't strictly necessary for a core-logic chipset, though. Even at 65 nm, the P67 Express's TDP is just 6.1W.
Calling the P67 a chipset is a little odd considering there's only one chip, which Intel refers to as a Platform Controller Hub or PCH. The PCH hooks directly into the CPU via a Direct Media Interconnect (DMI) that's very similar to PCI Express. First-generation versions of this link offered 2GB/s of bidirectional bandwidth split between four lanes. The P67 has a second-gen DMI implementation that doubles the speed of each lane, bumping aggregate interconnect bandwidth up to 4GB/s.
That extra bandwidth may come in handy given how many high-speed peripherals one can hang off the PCH. The chip has no fewer than eight second-generation PCI Express lanes available for expansion slots and onboard peripherals. Unlike the P55's half-speed PCIe 2.0 lanes, the ones in the P67 Express offer a full 1GB/s of bidirectional bandwidth. Motherboard makers won't have to use bridge chips and other tricks to provide ample bandwidth to PCIe 2.0 peripherals like they did on P55 boards.
Although those peripherals will be easier to accommodate, we may not see as many now that Intel has integrated a 6Gbps Serial ATA controller into the PCH. This two-port controller is joined by a second SATA controller that offers four 3Gbps ports. Intel cites the additional complexity in the 6Gbps controller as one reason why it didn't go with the new SATA standard throughout. The fact that mechanical hard drives have little chance of saturating a 3Gbps Serial ATA connection surely factored into the decision, as well. If you're going to opt for a solid-state drive that can take advantage of a 6Gbps SATA link, odds are you won't be running more than two of 'em.
Of course, we should point out that all six of the Serial ATA ports in AMD's SB850 south bridge offer 6Gbps connectivity. Actual performance matters more than specifications, though. In a moment, we'll see how the P67's 6Gbps ports fare against their counterparts in the AMD camp.
Support for multi-drive RAID arrays has been included in Intel core-logic chipsets for several generations now, and nothing has changed with the P67. Users can still configure drives in RAID 0, 1, 10, and 5 arrays. Those arrays can span drives connected to the 6Gbps and 3Gbps ports, although in such a configuration, the 6Gbps ports will throttle down to 3Gbps speeds.
Despite dipping its toe into next-gen Serial ATA, Intel is sticking with USB 2.0. When asked why, probably for the umpteenth time, the company's reps rattled off several well-rehearsed reasons: there are no native drivers in Windows 7, adoption of USB 3.0 devices hasn't yet reached a critical mass, and there's "near zero adoption" in the corporate segment. That's a fair assessment of the landscape, but one that conveniently ignores the growing number of external hard drives with USB 3.0 connectors. For the average consumer, USB 3.0 is arguably far more useful than 6Gbps SATA.
Also included in the P67 is a Gigabit Ethernet controller that, like Intel's previous integrated GigE implementations, will probably be ignored by most motherboard makers in favor of discrete networking chips from Realtek. We've long speculated that the auxiliary PHY chip required to interface with the Intel controller is more expensive than a standalone Realtek solution, and a couple of big-name motherboard makers have confirmed that to be the case.
At least motherboard manufacturers won't be tempted to use crappy PCI-based Gigabit Ethernet controllers. Why? Because the P67 doesn't have a native PCI interface. To provide users with PCI slots, motherboard makers have taken to hanging a PCIe-to-PCI bridge chip off of one of the P67's PCIe lanes. As we'll illustrate in a moment, that has some interesting performance implications.
Four paths to the Sandy Bridge
The following pages dive into considerable detail on each motherboard. Before digging deeper into what each has to offer, let's briefly compare all four side by side.
Asus P8P67 PRO Gigabyte P67A-UD4 Intel DP67BG MSI P67A-GD65 Power phases 12+2 12+2 6 6+2 Expansion slots 3 PCIe x16
2 PCIe x1
2 PCI 2 PCIe x16
3 PCIe x1
2 PCI 2 PCIe x16
3 PCIe x1
2 PCI 2 PCIe x16
3 PCIe x1
2 PCI Gigabit Ethernet Intel P67 Express Realtek RTL8111E Intel P67 Express Realtek RTL8111E Auxiliary SATA Marvell 88SE9120
JMicron JMB362 Marvell 88SE9128 Marvell 88SE8111 Marvell 88SE9120
JMicron JMB362 USB 3.0 2 x NEC D720200F1 2 x NEC D720200F1 NEC D720200F1 2 x NEC D720200F1 Audio Realtek ALC892 Realtek ALC892 Realtek ALC892 Realtek ALC892 FireWire VIA VT6308P NA Texas Instruments TSB42AB22A VIA VT6308P Warranty length Three years Three years Price $190 $199 $184 $180
In many ways, the boards we're looking at today are very similar. They all use the same Realtek audio codec and NEC USB 3.0 controller, for example. You'll also find a few of the same auxiliary storage, networking, and FireWire chips listed in the chart above. Three years of warranty coverage is provided across the board, as well. Asus scores a few bonus points on that front by offering advanced replacement for the first year of coverage.
There are other tidbits we'd be remiss not to point out. Take the Gigabyte board, which is the only one that lacks FireWire connectivity. Note, too, that the Intel and MSI models don't have nearly as many power phases as what's being offered by Asus and Gigabyte. And only the Asus serves up a third physical x16 slot.
Obviously, pricing varies from one board to the next. The collection we've assembled is set to reside in a $20 span from $180 to $200. Those are suggested retail prices, and we could see street prices shake out a little differently once availability becomes widespread.
This season's hottest Halloween costume, literally, will no doubt be the infamous "Rubber Man" from American Horror Story. And naturally, there's only one place to get it: Target, the superstore dedicated to meeting all of your seasonal S&M rape gear and pretty decent alarm clock needs. Unfortunately, this officially licensed bondage suit that is perfectly fine to wear outside your house on exactly one night of the year and perhaps not even then is only sold through Target's website, so you'll just have to take the word of its sole guest reviewer. Fortunately, he can attest to its breathability and capacity for surprising your loved ones in bed, even if he laments its lack of " loops and hooks for attachments." Again, this is a Halloween costume. For Halloween. [via Vulture]
The Springfield Police Department says a woman reported missing late Tuesday night was found alive not far from where she disappeared. She fell in hole and couldn't get out.
Cornelia (Corrie) Brouwer, 65, was last seen by family about 8 p.m. Tuesday in the area of Kansas Expressway at Republic Road when she ran off into a wooded area. Brouwer suffers from mental disorders.
She was found late Wednesday morning. Emergency responders at the scene near the intersection said they thought Brouwer would be okay after spending the night in the hole. Springfield firefighters rescued her after police officers asked for their help.
She was found by a search dog named Tank from Boulder Creek Performance Canine.
----
Springfield Police Department news release at 1:05 p.m.
This morning, the Springfield Police Department coordinated efforts with the Greene County Sheriff's Office and began conducting a more thorough search for Corrie Brouwer in the area of Kansas Expressway and Republic Road. Officers from the Patrol Division, the Special Response Team and K9 units were involved in the search.
At approximately 11:20 a.m., Brouwer was found stuck in a sinkhole in the middle of the wooded area south of the Kansas/Republic intersection. The sinkhole was approximately 6 by 2 feet wide and 10 feet deep.
Brouwer suffered an injury to her leg, but her condition is fair otherwise. The Springfield Fire Department has rescued Brouwer from the hole and she is receiving medical attention at this time.
It is said that whenever one moves homes or even changes countries--- it is more than a change in address. Something magical happens, if you allow it. It is said, that this is chance to leave behind past lifetimes, old baggage, and get a fresh start.
The act of moving - whether to a new home, city, or country --- goes beyond a packing list, farewell parties, and acquainting yourself with a new neighbourhood. This is a actually a period of grace, a window in time where one can really allow oneself to expand, transform, change, usher a sense of newness in where it is sorely needed.
I thought I understood this in a way many people could not. After all, I was a veteran mover and packer - having begun moving and settling down since I was 6 months old when my family first moved as expatriates to Melbourne and continued to do so every few years around Asia until I was a junior in high school. With my family, I learned each new country was an adventure of flavours, languages and landscapes. We created networks of friendships that have lasted across countries and timezones . I learned to keep in touch was essential because our life was so transient.
However, when I moved to Switzerland at the end of 2015, everything i believed to be true about how I felt about moving and my capacity for embracing the new was thoroughly tested. Arriving during winter from Singapore was a shock. For instance, I did not count on the fact that when I went to work in the morning, it would as dark as when I got home from work. I also did not fully understand what impact this would have on someone like me who grew up in tropical sunshine.
Amidst all this, I was making an effort to make new friends: I would try dance classes, go snow shoe hiking, go to socials for new people in town like me. One day in January 2016, I was on my way to meet some new friends in Luzern, when my wallet was pick-pocketed just as I was about to pay for my train ticket. It was devastating, to feel as if anything I needed for identification or payment, was no longer available to me. A week later, I had my first seizure in Switzerland. You see my seizures are triggered by stress. I was home alone. I did what I normally do, I tried to reach a neurologist to schedule an exam. I was told the next available appointment was in March. I pleaded to see the doctor, particularly as this was my first seizure in the country --- and felt quite insecure. He relented and found an appointment the following week.
The day of the appointment it was 5 degrees with windchill, so it felt like it was 5 below. When I checked the website, there wasn't an address for the doctor's office, but there was a picture. I remember going down from the tram and realizing it was a long uphill street. I timed it so I would give myself an hour to find the office, in the off chance I would get lost. After close to an hour of searching, I thought I found the office, I climbed the stairs and realized I was again at the wrong address. I turned around, slipped and fell down 6 steps. A man on the street picked me up and I was crying, incomprehensible and limp, unable to stand. We communicated in sign language as he spoke no English, and I knew very little German. My phone rang, it was the doctor's office looking for me and the kind man spoke to them and brought me to the doctor. When I got to the doctor, I did my tests, and the nurse asked me if she should help me as my knees, shins and hands were bleeding profusely. In my shock, I had not noticed.
The doctor then reviewed my tests, He said, “Your tests are excellent. So you had a minor seizure, it's ok. You are very healthy.” I waited for the litany of dont's that normally come after a seizure - what I had become used to over the years : Don't exercise too much. Don't over exert yourself. Don't drink. Don't stay out. If you drive, don't. When they didn't come, I asked him, are there things I shouldn't be doing as a result of my seizure?
He said, “No, do everything you want. Live. You are perfectly healthy. Why should you stop doing what you want to do?”
I had never heard anything so liberating in my life. All of a sudden, whatever I felt I was mourning: the loss of sun, the loss of my wallet, the loss of the familiar ---- was overshadowed by this feeling of freedom. Everything until that moment had seemed like one fall after another, but with my new doctor's words, I felt my spirit soar. I felt lifted. Indeed, it was time to see that it was time to live, to look at my new city with new eyes. My Kabbalah teacher also gave me a new lens to look at the theft of wallet - that the universe was pushing me to get rid of all my old baggage so I could truly build myself anew. And this was exactly what my new doctor echoed. To not think of the old limits I had lived with for so long, but to believe that beginning now, all was possible.
After that things began to turn for the better, I found my tribe, including an amazing yoga studio where I found balance, strength and friends, I began travelling around Switzerland, on hikes with camera in tow, rediscovering my joy in photography. I gladly received friends and family and showed them the corners I loved in Zurich and beyond, and I have stopped mourning the ocean, because I have discovered the pleasure of swimming and sunning by the lakes and rivers around.
What did a seizure teach me? To live.
Dusty Rose prefers to drive bigger vehicles. (Madeline Kotzer/CBC News)
Slowly move in, too tight on one corner, back-up, readjust, try again. Repeat.
This is a common method of parking for drivers of big vehicles, employed while trying to squeeze into small parking spaces in the city.
Dusty Rose is familiar with the drill. She has been driving a truck in Saskatoon for the past seven years, and before that drove a 4X4 SUV.
"I live in Saskatchewan and there is lots of snow around and I like not being dependent," Rose said of her decision to drive a bigger vehicle.
Rose admitted parking in some areas of the city takes skill, patience and "shimmying".
"Getting in and out of my vehicle can be quite difficult," Rose said. "I actually slipped getting out of my vehicle last winter and dented another vehicle. It was just because we were so tight and I was trying to squeeze out of my vehicle and I slipped. It was really unfortunate but it was just because it was too close."
Rose told CBC News she notices parking in some public areas is better than others. She noted that parking at Costco is relatively easy because the spots seem bigger than at other big box shops.
And Rose is right, the size of parking spaces in the city does vary.
Parking spot sizes vary
The City of Saskatoon regulates all public parking spaces; bars, restaurants, schools, underground parkades, theatres, malls, cemeteries, hospitals and convents alike. It does this through minimum parking space dimensions in the city's zoning bylaws.
Darryl Dawson is manager of the development review section with Saskatoon's planning and development division.
"Minimum parking spaces are provided in the Zoning Bylaw to ensure uses that are defined have the correct number of parking spaces — so the customers coming to a building have a place to park," Dawson said.
Dawson explained that while the city controls the size and number of parking spots per establishment, it is up to individual developers to decide the form of this parking and whether or not they make the spots bigger to accommodate large vehicles.
Prior to 1981, the smallest a spot was allowed to be been 2.4 metres wide by 5.4 metres long. In 2009, the city updated the size of spots and adjusted the bylaw to make the minimum requirement for a stall bigger. Now, a typical parking spot in Saskatoon is 2.7 metres by 6 metres.
However, the smaller, old spots still remain.
"If a [smaller] space existed and it's recognized that it's grandfathered, (that) space can then stay until the property is redeveloped," Dawson said.
Drivers squeezed
Ed Holzman said he has been putting up with the woes of parking a truck in Saskatchewan for more than five decades. (CBC News)
For example, the parking lots serving customers of The Centre mall on 8th Street were constructed in the 1970s. They fit the old minimum space requirements for parking perfectly.
Ed Holzman has been driving a truck for more than five decades. He spoke with CBC News while he was parking at The Centre mall.
Holzman said he has developed his own strategy for parking at the shopping centre, it involves parking far away from the entrance and ensuring a clear way out in front of his vehicle.
"If I park too close and get boxed in, it's really hard to back out," he said. "There are lots of places that are similar to this but this is one of the worst."
Allen Bisec, 16, told CBC News he gave up on driving a truck after only three months and admits troubles with parking was a factor in his decision. (CBC News) Sixteen-year-old Allen Besic has only been driving for three months, and already he's decided parking is too difficult in a truck.
"Well, I started out with a truck that was really hard to park in," he said. "I always had to back out and try like three times. Eventually, when I switched over to my car I just got used to parking in tough situations."
The City of Saskatoon said it is currently conducting a parking study. Right now the process involved meetings with stakeholders, developers and business improvement districts to develop a new parking strategy for implementation in late 2015.
A self-confessed "Atleti fan and player from the age of 9", Iván, the ball boy who baited Cristiano Ronaldo and then tossed the ball away to prevent the Portuguese star taking a throw-in, has paid a high price for his act of defiance.
In the days after the event, the youngster, egged on by a number of people who got in touch with him, bragged about his actions on social media. Now, however, he has been hit with the news that he has been pulled from first-team duty.
It is too late to take back what he did, but Iván has at least expressed some remorse since. He has deleted all the messages he wrote in the aftermath of the game and posted an apology in their place: "I apologise for anything I said about the derby match, because that's not the Atlético de Madrid ball boy way. Come on Atleti!"
Though the 'Rojiblancos' have come down like a ton of bricks with their punishment, they are also upset with the abuse that has been aimed at Iván - including several put-downs from the media. They believe that although the scenes were regrettable, the culprit is still just a kid.
That said, Atlético has also expressed its gratitude to Cristiano for taking Iván's actions in such a good spirit.
Old drugs can sometimes yield surprising results. A well-known diabetes pill called Metformin, for instance, is now being used to treat certain cancers. And Thalidomide, a drug used as a sedative in the '50s, is now used to treat leprosy and bone marrow cancer. But a new study published today in Translational Psychiatry might beat these examples, as it reveals that suramin, a drug that was developed in 1916 to treat African sleeping sickness, can restore normal social behaviors in adult mouse models of autism. These results won't lead to new autism therapies right away — suramin has not been tested on humans with autism, and it's actually toxic if dispensed for longer than a few months — they do hint at the new directions that researchers might explore.
The mice became more social after a single dose
In the study, researchers administered a dose of suramin to 25 male mice, whereas another 25 males received a saline injection instead. All mice were "maternal immune activation mouse models," meaning animals that exhibit autism-like behaviors following a virus infection in their mothers during pregnancy. This single dose, the researchers report, corrected the social behaviors seen in autism spectrum disorder. The mice, for instance, spent more time interacting with both mice and objects they had never interacted with before, compared to those injected with a saline solution. The benefits lasted for five weeks after the drug was washed out of their system.
The scientists think suramin acts by binding to, and inhibiting, 19 different receptors — called "purinergic" receptors — that are expressed on every cell type in the body. This binding action prevents ATP, our body's energetic currency unit, from binding to these specific receptors, which then helps turn off a cellular response known as the "cell danger response."
The cell danger response can change the trajectory of neurodevelopment
"The cell danger response is an evolutionarily conserved set of about 30 metabolic changes that help protect cells from threat," explained Robert Naviaux, a geneticist at the University of California San Diego and lead author of the study, in an email to The Verge. These metabolic changes can be beneficial, because they allow the re-allocation of energetic resources in times of stress, like when the body encounters viruses, pollutants, or even certain drugs. But "when significant exposures happen during pregnancy or in early childhood," Naviaux said, "the trajectory of neurodevelopment can be changed." Moreover, "cells retain a metabolic memory of these significant exposures according to the severity of the stress and the developmental timing of the exposure."
So, if the change in resource allocation is severe enough, it may also alter normal cellular functions that are required for healthy neurodevelopment. And suramin's binding action seems to reverse this change in function by allowing cells to return to their normal metabolism, Naviaux said — "and their normal jobs."
Suramin is toxic in the long-run
Unfortunately, suramin can't be administered for longer than a few months because of long-term toxicity. Naviaux thinks people shouldn't focus on that aspect of the study, however, because scientist may one day find less damaging drugs that have similar effects. These therapies could be given "only once or intermittently," he says, to unblock metabolism and restore more normal social behaviors.
"This really takes a novel approach to understanding what's going on in autism," says Richard Frye, director of autism research at the University of Arkansas who did not participate in the study. "I think the argument that, when a cell senses danger, it changes its metabolism to protect itself makes a lot of sense — and it makes a lot of sense with what we see in autism."
"it makes a lot of sense with what we see in autism."
But other researchers are less enthusiastic. "[The findings] are valuable, but the main problem is that they rely on a model of immune infection, not a genuine model of autism," said Yehezkel Ben-Ari, an autism researcher at the Mediterranean Institute of Neurobiology who was not involved in the study, in an email to The Verge. "They should have tested one of the classical models of autism," he said — meaning genetic models of autism — to see whether suramin indeed corrects autistic behaviors.
Naviaux has heard such criticisms before, and argues that the model is appropriate given that serious viral infections and fevers during human pregnancy can increase the risk of autism and other neurodevelopmental disorders in children. In addition, he said, the mouse model "actually produces more severe symptoms" than many of the conventional autism animal models. "No animal model is a perfect match for complex human diseases like autism or schizophrenia," Naviaux said, but this is "one of the best."
There are other possible limitations to this work. For example, this mouse model doesn't reproduce all behaviors linked to autism, such as repetitive behaviors. The study also involved a small number of mice, and the researchers only tested suramin on males.
"Genes interact with environmental factors."
It should also be noted that Naviaux's explanation for behavioral symptoms seen in people with autism spectrum disorder doesn't contradict current notions regarding its genetics. "It is very clear that genes interact with environmental factors to cause autism," Naviaux said. But "even in the rare cases of single genes that can increase the risk of autism spectrum disorders, no single-gene disorder produces [autism] in 100 percent of the children who have the gene."
The idea that autism might be the result of abnormal cell communication is still fairly new. But Naviaux thinks exploring the cell danger response theory is important. "According to the theory, abnormal cell metabolism can result from genes, environment, or both," he said. So, the key to treatment may lie in finding the way to restore normal cell metabolism, and more normal development as a result. "Some things that we thought were a permanent feature of the mouse models, are actually treatable with the right metabolic intervention," Naviaux said, which means that "despite the permanent loss of certain brain cell connections in the mouse models of autism ... social and exploratory behaviors can be improved with the right treatment."
Sesame Street is asking the Obama campaign to take down an ad tweaking Mitt Romney for saying he'd cut funding for PBS, despite his love for Sesame Street's Big Bird.
"We have approved no campaign ads, and as is our general practice, have requested that the ad be taken down," Sesame Streeet said in a blog posting.
The ad shows pictures of what it calls "gluttons of greed" from Wall Street, but says that Romney has instead targeted Sesame Street. (The Obama campaign touts Obama's support for Wall Street reform, but a McClatchy review found that no major finance honcho has been jailed under his watch.)
The Romney campaign is accusing Obama of trivializing the election -- deploying its own Sesame Street character, The Count, charging that Obama has "now talked about Sesame Street characters at least 13 times since the debate while he has mentioned Libya and a plan to fix the economy ZERO times."
(Talk about trivilization: Pizza Hut is offering free pizza "for life" to an official debate attendee who asks either participant "Sausage or Pepperoni?" during the live telecast town hall format presidential debate Oct. 16 at Hofstra University.)
-- Lesley Clark via McClatchy's Planet Washington blog
Read more here: http://blogs.mcclatchydc.com/washington/#storylink=cpy
Read more here: http://blogs.mcclatchydc.com/washington/#storylink=cpy
In 2012, soccer historian and tactics guru, Jonathan Wilson, boldly declared in an article for The Guardian that "a team can control possession or it can control position, but it can't do both." The article compares the tiki-tacka of Barcelona to the positional style of Chelsea, although most fall somewhere in between. In essence, position and possession must be thought of as a spectrum and in order to make gains on one end, concessions must be made on the other.
In the early days of Bruce Arena, the Galaxy were known for their iron grip on positioning and as a result, it wasn't really until 2014 that the Galaxy were one of the league's elite possession squads.
Going back to our spectrum, in order to make gains in possession, defensive shape must be sacrificed as fullbacks wingers and even center mids are required further and further up the field. The result is opening space behind.
Of course, the common wisdom is that if one is truly playing possession soccer, it does not matter how much space exists behind because the opponent won't have the ball. While this theory does have some merit, it's hardly as black and white as it is presented. In 2011, the correlation between possession percentage and shots against was 33%. In 2012 it was 37%. In 2013 it was 38%. In 2014, however, it was only 13%.
And when you go through the data, you'll find teams like RSL in 2014 that managed to out possess all but one team in the league but ended up giving more shots than they took. RSL wasn't creating nearly enough chances from their possession, which, from the standpoint of our spectrum, is risking a lot of space behind in return for very little payoff.
After a string of injuries in 2015, Bruce Arena reverted back to the other side of the spectrum. At one time last month, the Galaxy were allowing the most final third passes per shot against in the league. In other words, they were keeping the ball in front of them. During that same period, possession was drastically down but the Galaxy suffered little loss in the way of goals against average. In many ways, it was a lot like the 2009-2012 Galaxy teams, minus the bite of Landon Donovan on the counter or the ridiculous set piece conversion rate those Beckham teams possessed (although for awhile, the Gordon, Ishizaki tandem wasn't far off the pace).
In the last few games, however, with the return of Robbie Keane and the emergence of Jose Villarreal, Nacho Maganto and Mika Vayrynen, the Galaxy offense has once again returned to its 2014 possession ways. The problem is, they have yet to return to their 2014 chance creation ways.
If possession doesn't create enough chances, what you experience in breakdowns is a net loss, especially since counter attacking goals are scored at higher rates because there are fewer defenders impeding the chance. This principal was rather painfully demonstrated to us during last Saturday's home loss to Vancouver. The Galaxy absolutely dominated Vancouver on the ball, with 65.6% of the possession; however Vancouver, absolutely dominated the night when it came to scoring opportunities.
The problem, as it has been since the Galaxy's very first game of the season against Chicago, has been a lack of penetration into what I call the chance creation danger zone, depicted below.
Here is the Galaxy's completed passes during the Vancouver game. Notice the hole.
While the Galaxy players were quick to dismiss this as a result of Vancouver's tactics of sitting back, this has been a trend all season as pointed out multiple times by not only myself, but people much smarter than me like Mathew Doyle. It also bears out in the numbers. Production is down from 58.6% to 47.2% from central attacking zones.
Here is the field distribution of chance creation in 2014
and here is that same distribution for 2015.
In 2014, the Galaxy averaged a staggering 16 shots per game, an amount unmatched in the MLS Opta data era (beginning in 2011) and quite possibly in league history. The Galaxy had 3 significant types of goals in 2014— the first two having to do with different types of combination and the third having to do with Robbie Keane being insanely good at soccer and scoring goals no soccer player has any business scoring. For a full breakdown, check out the Tiki-Taco genome project.
While no one style made the Galaxy offense, from a chance creation standpoint, Tiki-Taco was certainly the main driver with nearly 60% of the Galaxy's chances coming from our danger zones as illustrated above and only 23% coming from the wings in what we dubbed the "Top Gun" style.
And this gets to the heart of the Galaxy's current struggles. You see, Tiki-Taco was all about the danger zones and worked in the following way.
Two players would load the left side and two players would sit at the top of the box. Zardes would float behind and run through the gaps when the ball was played to him. Keane, Donovan and Sarvas rotated in terms of positioning, while Rogers and Ishizaki were constants out wide, keeping teams spread out to maximize gaps. Juninho was the other constant, always sitting behind as the outlet for fast circulation from wing to wing.
That was the shape. In terms of passing tendencies, when the Galaxy were in this attacking mode as I discovered in the Tiki-Taco genome project, it was Donovan and Sarvas who were pulling the strings, and Zardes was the primary target.
Keane tended to do his own thing, when at the top of the box, most often shooting rather than combining, and in terms of chance creation, he was most prolific when drifting to the wings and delivering crosses. It is for this reason that I do not expect Robbie Keane to jump start chance creation in the danger zones once he returns to full fitness, nor should we want Robbie Keane thinking about anything but shooting as shot volume is and always has been his game.
With the loss of Landon Donovan and Marcelo Sarvas, Tiki-Taco has all but died which is why we've seen an 11% decrease in chance creation from the danger zones. As I stated before, nobody is filling the gap, and midfield penetration into the danger zones simply isn't happening with any regularity.
Some of this has to do with the constant shuffling of midfielders due to injury and a congested schedule, however, some of it can legitimately be attributed to the lack of performance from certain players. With Baggio Husidic being platooned around (but frankly hasn't looked good when given the rare cm start) Mika Vayrynen has become Bruce's regular choice in the middle with Juninho. Vayrynen has shown a tendency to sit back and pull out wide, but has rarely shown up in the final third in the way Marcelo Sarvas did.
Some may argue he's out of form, but his chance creation numbers, 0.4 per 90, are on par with his 2014/2015 Europa League numbers. In fact, all of his passing numbers are pretty much on par with his Europa League passing numbers, so it's quite possible the Galaxy are currently getting exactly the player they scouted. For comparison, Sarvas created 1.4 chances per 90 in 2014.
Obviously this is a hole that Steven Gerrard is on his way to remedy, but whether he still has the legs to get into the final third as often as needed if paired with Juninho in a 4-4-2, remains to be seen.
There has been one Galaxy player, however, that has shown a great deal of promise in the all important chance creation danger zone. His chance creation per 90 rate is quite good and 58.6% of the chances he's creating are from central attacking positions.
Aside from doing stuff like this
when playing as a second forward, Jose Villarreal drops back into our magic zone and not only creates chances, but brings players like Mika Vayrynen and Nacho Maganto into similar areas with his passing. Here is his map from his 67 minutes against Houston.
And here is his map from his 45 minutes against RSL.
For me, Villarreal was the player of the game in both matches despite only playing one half against RSL. Bruce wanted to bring in Robbie Keane for a half and justified the move in the press conference by saying he thought Nacho was having the better game (Zardes at right mid, for whatever reason, didn't seem to be part of his equation).
In my opinion, Nacho and Villarreal were both having brilliant games due in large part to the way they were playing off of one another. Although anecdotal, Naho wasn't nearly as brilliant in the second half.
The subbing of Villarreal in that game also grazes our final issue facing the Galaxy team going forward. How does this team all fit together when everyone is healthy? It's a difficult question to answer and the more I ponder it, the more I fear the Galaxy may be headed towards an impending identity crisis.
Obviously Robbie Keane is a must. For me, Villarreal and Nacho have exhibited stellar combination play, but you can't really play both of them without benching either Zardes (which isn't going to happen) or moving Zardes to right mid and benching Ishizaki, who I doubt Bruce would drop in favor of a left foot dominant player.
This leaves Maganto and Villarreal to fight for minutes at left mid in a system that may no longer be sustainable. As the Tike-Taco genome project shows, Robbie Keane is not someone you can count upon for chance creation in central attacking areas. Gyasi Zardes is a forward who will continue to be ineffective until he receives that kind of service, as these account for the vast majority of his professional goals and his goal droughts have come when said service isn't there.
Early indications are that Vayrynen is not going to create many chances from these areas, and by now it should be clear that Ishizaki isn't going to adapt his predominantly wide cross oriented game, which leaves the burden on the left mid spot to dependably create chances in these areas by cutting inside. This is simply asking too much of one player, but without sustained chance creation at left mid when cutting into the the danger zones, the Galaxy will continue to play a brand of high possession low chance creation soccer and the lack of positioning will continue to get exploiteded.
The other option is to return to the position side of the spectrum—the side occupied by every Bruce Arena coached Galaxy team prior to 2014. This style also may be more suited to Gerrard, giving him cover from any lack of full out box to box effort he may no longer have in his legs.
Of course, this would require the Galaxy to start playing counter attacking soccer which the Galaxy no longer have the personnel for. Robbie Keane is great on the counter, but he needs a partner, and although Gyasi Zardes is fast, his inability to make predictive runs hampers him in this department.
Zardes has definitely grown a lot since 2013, but this is one area of his game which we are not seeing improvement. In fact, according to Opta data, Gyasi Zardes only has one career shot on a fast break and that was in 2013.One fast break goal in 5,753 professional minutes. To put that in perspective, Bradford Jamieson reached that total in just 34 professional minutes. In 2014, Juninho had more fast break shots than Gyasi, and Robbie Keane, his strike partner, had 5 to his 0. Regardless of your overall opinions of Zardes' talents, it's hard to argue counter soccer is his strong suit.
What your left with is a cross road of sorts in regard to the stylistic direction of this team, however, in order to be successful down either path, the Galaxy will be forced to make difficult sacrifices in regard to talent, or else blindly play players in roles they do not fit.
If we revert to the counter attack, will Jamieson IV be allowed to surpass Zardes? If the Galaxy want to continue their 2014 style, will Bruce be willing to sit Ishizaki in order to field Villarreal and Maganto? Of course these are just hypotheticals, but these are the types of decisions Bruce Arena may very well have to soon make and they certainly aren't easy ones.
In fact, figuring out this mess may prove to be the toughest task of Bruce Arena's career, and trailing all but two teams in the conference in points per game and having already played half the season, he won't be given much time or wiggle room to figure things out before the Galaxy will need to make a push.
Saturday's game in Columbus marks the halfway mark in the Galaxy season. What are your thoughts on the team and their prospects going forward? Share them below.
RuPaul wants each of us to know that we are "God's gift to the universe." This was reiterated over and over in his keynote speech to a packed auditorium this weekend at the first-ever DragCon in Los Angeles. Decked out in glitter, glamor, and more than one disco ball, DragCon sent a message about self-love, regardless of size or shape, color, or gender.
Building on the popularity of RuPaul's Drag Race, DragCon was meant to be a celebration of all things drag. "It's a chance for all lovers of drag culture—young and old, gay and straight—to come together, to inspire each other, and to let their freak flags fly high," said the event's website. You couldn't turn your head without tripping over someone fantastic. Every iteration of drag was on view, followed by swarms of fans who had lined up for hours to snag an autograph from one of Ru's girls. The competition was fierce as they glared and bared, each outdoing the next with a smile.
i-D: Sparkle and Shade at the First Drag Convention in Herstory
But the best part, by far, was the diversity of the crowd—a colorful, dazzling, fluid utopia. If DragCon was meant to spread a philosophy of love as identity, then please sign me up.
See more of Michelle Groskopf's photography on her website and on Instagram.
Paul Adinolfi: The gun industry has been getting away with murder
This artwork by Donna Grethen relates to the continuing controversy over guns in the United States. This artwork by Donna Grethen relates to the continuing controversy over guns in the United States. Photo: Donna Grethen Photo: Donna Grethen Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Paul Adinolfi: The gun industry has been getting away with murder 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Despite President Obama current effort to enforce background checks, in reality, he has been easy on the gun industry corporations during his administration. Like our President, advocates for safe gun reforms (practically our entire nation) only want an innocuous, “non-infringing” background check law passed, and are in a constant conflict with the Republican-dominated Congress, the gun lobbies, and the leadership of many gun organizations.
However, the gun industry — the gun, ammunition and sales corporations, who make the Yankee dollar — are the financial culprits who help support and promote them, and are able to maintain anonymity.
When America won its wars to reduce deaths, injuries, and sickness against the automobile and tobacco industries, it directly fought its adversaries, the auto and tobacco corporations. America didn't have to fight the AAA, who unlike the NRA, worked to make us safer.
There isn't any doubt the present NRA leaders are under the influence of the gun industry. Prior to 1970, the NRA was concerned for the safety of our citizens and members — and assisted the government in passing gun laws that “infringed” and kept submachine guns and military style assault weapons off the streets.
Sandy Hook parents have a wrongful death suit against the Remington Corporation, over the deadly AR-15. Whether they win or not, they are already successful in putting a spotlight on gun corporations.
President Obama, also a victim of the gun lobby, did nothing in his first term for gun safety reform.
Only after his visit to Sandy Hook did he become a strong supporter for gun safety reform.
Tears came to his eyes when the subject of the little angels who were lost in Sandy Hook came up while he was making a speech promoting background check laws — however, he brought tears to my eyes when all he had to tell gun corporations was to develop “smart” guns or “safe” guns. The CEOs from gun corporations must love Obama — he wants them to make millions of “smart” guns to replace “dumb” guns, or “unsafe” guns. This should make them billions of dollars in sales.
While “smart” guns are a step in the right direction, they won't replace the millions of guns in circulation today. Even the President's push for background checks will only have a minuscule effect on gun deaths — we still will have three hundred million guns in circulation.
Connecticut and states with gun registration and licensing have reduced gun violence — statistics have proved that the states with weak regulations have more gun deaths. Connecticut would be even safer if other states had our laws — over half the crimes committed are with guns from other states.
The Second Amendment is our only national gun law, and when it was written, they did not have a weapon of mass destruction — the AR-15, which can fire off hundreds of shots in the time a musket could only fire one. The Second Amendment only adds to our gun violence problems.
Since everyone in our country agrees we do not want criminals and the mentally unstable to possess guns, then why not bring the Second Amendment into the twenty-first century, and rewrite it, to make it clear that “only law-abiding and mentally stable people have the right to bear non-military guns!”
When the laws of one state affect the safety and welfare of the citizens of another state, then a uniform national law is required. Connecticut and the U.S.A. learned that lesson with the minimum alcoholic drinking age. How many Connecticut youths were unnecessarily killed or injured coming home from New York, because both states had different minimum drinking ages? It stopped only when all states agreed on a national minimum drinking age of 21.
President Obama finally shot a bulls-eye when he said that we must only vote for candidates who want gun reform. This is the only way we can replace the gun puppets in Congress!
Paul Adinolfi is a resident of Sandy Hook.
Story highlights Gutierrez impresses on Formula E debut
Mexican finishes in points at Mexico ePrix
Ex-F1 driver will "push to the maximum"
(CNN) By his own admission, losing a Formula One seat is "very tough," but Esteban Gutierrez is keeping his eyes firmly fixed on the road ahead.
The former Sauber driver and, until last November, the partner of Frenchman Romain Grosjean at the Haas F1 Team, has wasted no time in finding a new outlet for his racing talents in Formula E.
Now part of the Techeetah team, Gutierrez got his first outing at the recent Mexico City ePrix.
"I'm very excited to drive and to get to know my cars because we have two cars (in Formula E) -- something I never had before!" Gutierrez told CNN's Supercharged show.
And judging by his performance in Mexico City, the 25-year-old is a quick learner.
Read More
I have spent over a year researching\waiting for the type of graphics card I wanted, but I wanted to make sure I found it at the correct price point! I was in two minds of whether to get the GTX 980 or GTX970. I opted to get the 980 as it included the full 4GB allocation of useable ram, which will be important as games only get graphically more intense. I then leaned towards getting a Palit GPU card, because it seemed somewhat easier on the pocket, and people online seem happy with these cards generally. Doing some other research I ensured their RMA policies are legit also, in case I have a problem.
I was fortunate to get it for £356 from the retailer BoraComputer at 6:20am on any random Tuesday. Just like the other reviews here the card works great, but i'm getting through a back catalogue of games (My Steam shame), so I can't comment on any games from 2014 onwards. Testing the waters though, I put everything on with 1920 x 1080 resolution, high\ultra settings and set V-Sync ON to keep the setting locked at 60fps. Again, Arkham Origins is almost 2 years old but it really looks good. This is paired with an Intel i7 4790k, and 8MB of ram. The card is quiet, fans boot up only over 60 degrees, and (touch wood, God willing) no coil whine! Buying it from Boracomputer I also received the code for 2 free games, The Witcher 3 and Batman Arkham Knight.
I'm sure when I actually find the time to get to The Witcher 3 it'll run fine. I'm happy so far, and i've been using it for 2 weeks now. I'll update my review after I play Batman Arkham Knight, which is the sole reason I built my new computer in the first place!
Just for additional information, a Intel i7 4790k is not really required to get the most frames per second out of games from 2015. The Intel i5-4690k is a decent alternative and is usually £80 cheaper than the i7 4790k.
MOSCOW—After a community of investigative journalists uncovered documents appearing to show that scores of world leaders and public officials could be engaged in money laundering, tax avoidance, and various forms of financial wrongdoing, the disclosures were splashed liberally on front pages around the world.
But in Russia, coverage was spottier.
Reporting by the International Committee of International Journalists (ICIJ) in Russia's newspapers and online media that close associates of President Vladimir Putin hid money offshore appeared to be divided along political lines, with the clutch of liberal-minded independent outlets giving the findings generous coverage.
Initially Russian television stations, which set the news agenda across the country's 11 time zones, entirely skipped the so-called Panama Papers, leading instead with revelations of a doping scandal—in London.
State-run Rossia 1 and First Channel, and private stations REN-TV and NTV, failed to mention any aspect of the report in lengthy morning-news programming on April 4. Their segments led with news of a fire in Tomsk, the Syria crisis, and the migrant crisis in the European Union.
The stations meted out special attention to a doping scandal in London exposed by the Sunday Times on April 3 in which a private British doctor said he prescribed performance-enhancing drugs to 150 athletes from Britain and abroad.
The Interview
Earlier this year, StickyMinds published an interview with Keith Klain – “The Viability of Context-Driven Testing”.
The interview is 15 minutes long, both audio and transcript are available.
In a way, it was a “sneak peek” for Keith's keynote at then upcoming StarEast 2016 conference.
Note the title.
In my impression, Keith Klain gave an endorsement of context-driven testing approach with a serious disclaimer. Even a warning.
Key points, quoted.
“People [..] tend to focus on the skill side to it [context-driven approach], but there's a lot of information and great stuff that comes out of context-driven testing that's completely relevant to the commercial prospect of helping a business be successful.”
there's a lot of information and great stuff that comes out of context-driven testing that's completely relevant to the commercial prospect of helping a business be successful.” “A lot of context-driven testers [..] miss becoming context-aware.”
“Your context, the biggest contributor to context, it's people. Understanding who the people are, what's going to work there, and what's not, is the first step really. [..] You have to find out how far you can push a place.”
“If you think you can help people test better [..] let's not beat people up first over language; let's help solve some bigger problems.”
“Berating people [..] leads into what smartypants syndrome is about.”
So what?
So, we are reminded that testing is about helping business to be successful. That testing is a service. That context awareness is important. That people in software development is the main part of the context. And that offending people is a dis-service.
Now, why Keith Klain would dedicate his keynote to that? I bet, he felt that it was important issue. That it was real issue.
When there's smoke there's fire.
One can't help but wonder if such behavior is being inspired, say, by a role model?
Indeed.. and I received a confirmation very soon.
(I removed the names and Twitter IDs because I'm unwilling to promote this person, who strongly associates themselves with Context-driven School).
Meh.
Context-driven testers could do better than that.
Think People
“Nine times out of ten, an argument ends with each of the contestants more firmly convinced than ever that they're absolutely right” ~ Dale Carnegie, “How To Influence People”.
“You cannot teach a person anything; you can only help them to find it within themselves” ~ Galileo Galilei
“If you come at me with your fists doubled I think I can promise you that mine will double as fast as yours; but if you come to me and say ‘let's sit down and take counsel together, and, if we differ from each other, understand why it is that we differ, just what the points at issue are', we will presently find that we are not so far apart after all, that the points on which we differ are few and the points on which we agree are many, and that if we only have the patience and the candor and the desire to get together , we will get together” ~ Woodrow Wilson
Fujitsu joins Windows Mixed Reality headset party with their own headset and laptop pair
At the 11th hour, Fujitsu has jumped into the Windows Mixed Reality party with their own headset, which seemingly at present lacks a name beyond the generic Fujitsu Win MR headset.
Like the name, the specs are also generic, with the usual dual-1440 × 1440 LCD panels with 90 hz refresh rate, flip-up visor and 95 degrees plus field of view. The headset also comes bundled with a standard controller.
Fujitsu does, however, make a lot about the design of the device, saying the all-black “calm” styling suites Japanese tastes and homes better than the somewhat intimidating foreign designs.
What is more interesting, however, and in what I think will become a pattern, Fujitsu bundled the announcement of the headset with that of a laptop powerful enough to drive the device in Windows Mixed Reality Ultra mode.
The Fujitsu FMV LIFEBOOK AH-MR / B3 features a 15.6-inch HD LCD screen and is powered by an Intel Core i7-8550U CPU and presumably has a dedicated GPU in there somewhere. The PC comes bundled with the “CyberLink Power Media Player MR for FUJITSU” which supports 360-degree video from YouTube amongst other sources.
Fujitsu will sell the bundle at a discount, with the headset and controller on its own selling for 50,000 yen ($445), hitting the market in late November and the laptop priced at 240,000 yen (around $2140), hitting shelves on December 14th.
Source: Engadget Japanese, Fujitsu Press Release
Thanks Daniel S for the heads-up.
Swipe to read more stories and follow us on Twitter or like us on Facebook
More Articles from MSPU
DATING back five millennia in a land thousands of miles away, Ancient Egypt could scarcely seem further removed from modern day Yorkshire.
But now the “amazing” discovery that Egyptian mummies were buried near Barnsley nearly 2,000 years ago has been revealed by the curator of a new exhibition which shows the civilisation has closer links with the region than ever previously imagined.
Experience Barnsley's Jason White with the skull of an adult Roman man AD 140-380
Egyptologist Joann Fletcher, who was born in the town, said: “There is more and more evidence that this was happening and we are undertaking scientific analysis to underpin this really amazing possibility.
“You don't think 2,000 years ago that Ancient Egyptians came to Yorkshire – but they did.”
The practice of enbalming and wrapping the dead in linen was brought to England by the Romans, the University of York professor and BBC TV presenter said.
But analysis of bones found in Yorkshire dating back to this time has found some of the mummies were born and raised in North Africa.
“It really does widen your horizons – in some ways it blows your mind,” she said.
The Romans Are Coming exhibition, which is now open at the new Experience Barnsley museum at the town hall, features an AD 300-400 mummy cast that would have encased a child's body.
Gypsum plaster was used to cover embalmed, linen-wrapped corpses to protect them from Yorkshire's damp climate.
“We have certainly got evidence that the Romans in our part of the world were embalming, mummifying and wrapping in linen their dead, according to – we believe – Egyptian customs,” she said.
Examples of this have been discovered in Pollington, a few miles north of Barnsley and Doncaster, as well as in York and Castleford.
And evidence of burial sites around Thurnscoe, near Barnsley, has also recently been found, Dr Fletcher said.
“More work needs to be done because this is just the tip of the iceberg,” she added.
“I'm wanting to put together a comprehensive picture of the whole of the Barnsley area – where people lived, where they farmed, where they worked, where they were buried, where they worshipped.”
She added: “Come back in 10 years and we'll have a much better idea.
“We've only just started looking to be honest, because until very recently who knew these existed?”
Egypt became part of the Roman Empire when Mark Antony and Cleopatra VII – the last pharaoh – were defeated at the Battle of Actium in 31 BC.
Their customs and artefacts were subsequently spread across the world as the Romans conquered more and more nations.
A coin minted in the year of their downfall and found among a treasure hoard in Darfield, near Barnsley, also features in the exhibition.
Dr Fletcher said the discovery of the silver piece, which features an image of Mark Antony and was made just before “one of the greatest battles, the most decisive battles, in world history”, had blown her mind.
“They had minted these coins to pay their legions, to pay for the 500 war ships Cleopatra herself had funded – and of course these coins then end up in Darfield,” she said.
Bronze figurines of Egyptian gods Isis, Serapis and Apis discovered in the region also feature in the exhibition alongside a collection of Roman pottery, jewellery, clothing and coins.
It is the first time the artefacts from the Barnsley area – many of which were being stored at museums in Doncaster, Sheffield and beyond – have been brought together.
“It is a very, very special exhibition,” said Dr Fletcher, who said there had largely been “tumbleweed” in South Yorkshire when it came to the history of Roman Britain until now.
“It's the first of its kind in this wonderful museum and it's basically the first of many temporary exhibitions looking at the wealth of artefacts in Barnsley.
“We have been able to look at the evidence and put it on the map for the first time.”
Dr Fletcher will be giving a talk, Barnsley, Egypt and Beyond, at the museum on Saturday, October 19. The exhibition runs until Sunday, January 5, 2014. For more information visit www.experience-barnsley.com.
What to do during wildfire smoke events:
Stay indoors with windows and doors closed; run air-conditioner on “recirculate” setting. Keep the fresh-air intake closed and the filter clean to prevent outdoor smoke from getting inside.
Minimize the use of swamp coolers. If it becomes too warm indoors, individuals may consider leaving the area to seek alternative shelter.
Do not add to indoor pollution. When smoke levels are high, do not use anything that burns, such as candles, fireplaces, or gas stoves.
Do not vacuum, because vacuuming stirs up particles already inside your home.
Do not smoke, because smoking puts even more pollution into the air.
Follow your doctor's advice about medicines and about your respiratory management plan if you have asthma or another lung disease. Call your doctor if your symptoms worsen.
If you evacuate, make sure you take all essential medications along with you.
Do not rely on dust masks or N95 respirators for protection. If you wish to wear something, use a wet handkerchief or bandana to cover your mouth and nose. The key – keep it moist.
When driving make sure to drive with the windows rolled up and the air conditioner on “recirculate.”
Minimize or stop outdoor activities, especially exercise, during smoky conditions.
People who must spend time outdoors should drink plenty of fluids.
Additionally, pet owners should consider bringing their pets indoors out of the unhealthy air conditions, if possible. This is especially important for older pets.
Carson City Health and Human Services
David Becker / Reuters The center piece of MGM Mirage's $8.5 billion CityCenter project, the Aria Resort & Casino, is seen in Las Vegas December 15, 2009.
Here's a safe bet.
While Las Vegas is typically synonymous with splurging, one hotel on the Strip isn't having any of that.
Last year, Aria Resort and Casino had 7 million pounds of leftover food and it made sure that none of it hit the landfill, CBS reported. Instead, the resort figured out how to ace the food waste process.
Aria sent its leftovers to a hog farm to be turned into pig slop. The move kept those leftovers from decomposing into methane, which has a warming potential 21 times that of carbon dioxide.
Donating scraps to pig farms is actually one of the most effective ways to salvage leftovers, according to the Environmental Protection Agency. Many local pig farmers are willing to turn leftovers into food for their animals, though they're primarily interested in single-stream fruits and vegetables or grain waste, according to the EPA.
ASSOCIATED PRESS In this photo taken Nov. 11. 2015, a pig looks out of its pen at Seabord Foods' Ladder Creek hog feeding operation near Tribune, Kan. The operation is the nation's second largest confined hog feeding farm and the company is set to build another site nearby if granted a permit by the state. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)
However, Aria was still able to send over its extraneous sushi, roast beef and other fare.
The move comes at a time when food waste rates have hit astronomical heights in the U.S., yet restaurants still remain reluctant to give away their extra food.
In the U.S., 40 percent of all food produced is wasted. And while restaurants are in an auspicious position to donate, many don't. More than half of them say they won't donate due to fears of liability issues, even though they're protected from such backlash.
While figuring out how to repurpose leftovers is key, it often requires some perfecting, as was the case with one of celebrity chef Mario Batali's restaurants.
When the steaks from Las Vegas restaurant Carnevino came out of the aging room, they emerged with a layer of “garbage” on the outside, which didn't look appetizing, but was completely edible, Elizabeth Meltz, director of environmental health, told The Huffington Post.
“It was just too nasty for human consumption,” Meltz said.
The restaurant tried partnering with a pet food company so that it could use the scraps in their product.
The company, however, found that even canines wouldn't eat it.
Syrian President Bashar Assad on Friday rejected a new report of torture and mass killings in a Syrian military prison as a product of a "fake news era."
Amnesty International released a report that estimated between 5,000 and 13,000 prisoners have been killed in a "calculated campaign of extrajudicial execution" at a prison outside Damascus between December 2011 and December 2015, Yahoo reported. Assad said those reports are false.
"You can forge anything these days," he said. "We are living in a fake news era."
The embattled Syrian strongman was confronted with pictures of inmates, taken by a photographer who worked for the Assad regime, that showed the beaten and starved bodies of political protesters in one of the prisons.
Assad said the photos have been "photoshopped" and dismissed a Federal Bureau of Investigation report that stated the photos were real and not doctored.
"If the FBI say something, it's not evidence for anyone, especially for us," he said. "The most important thing: If you take these photos to any court in our country, could they convict any criminal regarding this? Could they tell you what this crime is, who committed it? If you don't have this full picture, you cannot make judgment. It's just propaganda."
He added that the United States talking about human rights is hypocritical due to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and American support for Saudi Arabia.
"The United States is in no position to talk about human rights," he said.
Assad said any possible cooperation with the Trump administration would have to come after an easing of tensions between the United States and Russia.
Assad warned Trump not to add troops to the fight in Syria and said creating "safe zones" for displaced Syrians inside the country is an unworkable idea. However, he did back Trump's plan to stop Syrian refugees from coming to the United States.
He said people who have been photographed killing people or holding a machine gun have resurfaced in Western Europe. There may not be many terrorists in Syria, but Assad warned it doesn't take many to do damage.
"It's not about significant, because you don't need a significant number to commit atrocities," he said.
Bitcoin experts point out at least nine reasons why the introduction of the digital currency made the PayPal model of money transactions looking somewhat archaic.
9. Lower commission rates
Typically, this is the first advantage of virtual currencies that you can hear about from Bitcoin experts and enthusiasts. You're probably aware that PayPal imposes 3% fees on sales profit or the transfer of funds to/from credit/debit card.
8. Community support
You should think about the Bitcoin currency as a component of an entire network of Bitcoin. This means that the protocol itself, as well as its supporting infrastructure are always ready to evolve and improve to meet the changing needs of consumers and users.
PayPal was not created with this in mind and has a much narrower field of development potential. In other words, while PayPal can afford to pay for the work their team of talented programmers does, the company still won't be able to engage in their development as effectively as the decentralized network of Bitcoin developers scattered all over the world.
7. Additional features
Bitcoin is resistant to external influence, shocks, economic downturns, etc. Moreover, this crypto-currency generally offers a greater variety when it comes to the choice of currency.
A repressive regime or PayPal can seize or freeze your assets “for security reasons”, but none of these would happen to a Bitcoin user who is able to store and control their own money. In addition, the user has more options to save money, such as paper wallet or cold storage, which limit the risks of potential digital attack.
6. A truly global currency
PayPal is not available in Iran, Afghanistan, North Korea and Haiti.
Bitcoin, on the other hand, is the first truly transnational currency, because, just like the Internet, it knows no physical boundaries. In other words, it can be controlled at the local level, but it can not be banned, except if you cut off electricity in the whole world.
Bitcoin might become the only solution for people living in repressive regimes. Those using the virtual currency can circumvent government financial monopoly and create their own local economy.
5. No centrality
The decentralized nature of Bitcoin implies that the currency and its network are not controlled by any organization. Bitcoin currency is often referred to as unreliable. Really? But what Bitcoin experts say is that BTC payment system significantly improves network security of the network and has no points of failure (e.g. In case of a DNS attack).
In addition, one of the biggest problems reported by PayPal users is that their accounts can be frozen at any time. In a decentralized network this simply cannot happen, because there is no central coordination centre or a Bitcoin CEO capable of blocking your access to your electronic wallet.
4. Universality
In order to use PayPal you will need: 1) the Internet access; 2) a credit card. And Bitcoin allows you to send funds via e-mail or SMS using even your antediluvian Nokia 3310.
Would anyone argue then that Bitcoin does not offer new opportunities, particularly in developing countries? Now their citizebs will be able to use the virtual currency bypassing the previous stages of the evolution of remittance.
3. Privacy policy
While Bitcoin is not a completely anonymous currency, it can still provide a certain level of anonymity or pseudo-anonymity of its users if they know how to manage their digital wallets.
Anonimity is what PayPal users (especilly the ones making international transactions) dream of: they are obliged to regularly go through cumbersome procedures of filling in the data forms, and specifying where the money comes from and for what means it will be used.
2. No chargebacks
In case with PayPal, chargebacks and return payments often pose a problem for merchants, as unscrupulous customers can sometimes take advantage of the refund policy in order to get the product and return their money.
When bitcoins are sent, the transaction can not be canceled or suspended. Bitcoin transactions are always final.
1. Freedom
Yes, Bitcoin experts say freedom is one of the most important advantages of this crypto-currency. It may certainly seem impossible, but imagine that there are almost 4 billion people on our planet who don't have bank accounts and therefore are unable to use PayPal. Bitcoin has the potential to allow almost half of the world's population to access the global banking services. And that is what makes the FREE Bitcoin system truly GLOBAL.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 24, 2016, 9:16 AM GMT / Updated Aug. 24, 2016, 9:10 PM GMT By Andy Eckardt, Anja Gerloff and Carlo Angerer
Part Three in a Series
MAINZ, Germany — A week-long spate of violent attacks this summer — including two involving migrants — has triggered debate about potentially deploying troops on Germany's streets for the first time since World War II.
A July 18 ax and knife attack by an ISIS-inspired 17-year-old Afghan asylum-seeker aboard a train near Wuerzburg left five people seriously injured. It also raised questions about whether new security measures were needed in Germany.
"There are scenarios we couldn't imagine before the attacks of Paris or Brussels but that we must address openly"
Six days later, a Syrian failed asylum-seeker blew himself up outside a popular music festival in the southern city of Ansbach, wounding dozens. Authorities later said said he had pledged allegiance to ISIS in a video.
“Islamic terror has reached Germany,” Bavaria's state interior minister Winfried Bausback wrote on Facebook following that attack.
A teen's shooting rampage at a mall in Munich on July 22 was not linked to any terrorist group but also rattled nerves across the country.
Europe's economic powerhouse took in 2.1 million immigrants last year — the equivalent of the city of Houston, Texas. Refugees made up more than half of that total — including many who survived perilous journeys across the Mediterranean Sea after fleeing conflict zones including Syria.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has confidently maintained that "we can do this" and her unwavering stance of welcoming Syrians has won international acclaim.
While other European leaders built fences along borders and ordered the use of force against migrants, Merkel told reporters that "fear can't be a good counsel for political action" and vowed to continue giving shelter to refugees.
Plans to involve soldiers in counterterrorism operations — and the suggestion troops could also be used to beef up security in public places — have proved controversial in a country only seven decades removed from totalitarian rule that's still grappling with guilt from the Nazi era.
Wolfgang Bosbach, a lawmaker from Merkel's CDU party, dismissed any such concerns.
“During the recent terror threat in Munich the German armed forces, and also the military police, were put on alert,” he told NBC News. “They have been deployed in other crises, so why should the military not help with domestic security as well?”
A court decision in 2012 allowed Germany's armed forces to be deployed at home for peacetime missions under an “extraordinary emergency situation of catastrophic dimension."
"Bundeswehr" soldiers have since helped during flooding as well as providing logistical support during the migrant crisis.
Last month's attacks also sparked political discussion about potential new security laws, including proposed measures that would make it easier to deport foreigners deemed to be dangerous.
Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere suggested earlier this month that dual nationals who fought for terror groups abroad should lose their German citizenship.
He also told the mass-circulation Bild newspaper that he wanted to introduce facial recognition software at airports and train stations to help identify terror suspects.
De Maiziere vowed to create 4,600 new police posts by next year and increase spending on security-related issues by more than 2 billion euros ($2.3 billion) by 2020.
German police guard a train near Wuerzburg following the slashing spree on July 18. KARL-JOSEF HILDENBRAND / EPA
According to Germany's BfV domestic intelligence service, around 850 people have left Germany to fight in Syria and Iraq — 280 have returned, including 70 who had received combat training while abroad.
While some politicians suggested the influx of migrants and refugees had created security risks and called for tighter border controls, others warned against overreacting.
Boris Pistorius, the justice minister in the state of Lower Saxony, told Die Welt newspaper that the three incidents in a week span “should clearly be distinguished” and that he would refrain from describing “the series of very different attacks as a wave of violence.”
He added: “We are not there yet.”
But De Maiziere stated that Germans are “living in difficult times” and that police forces are already “overstretched.”
Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen recently announced that the German military would conduct counterterrorism training with police later this year.
“There are scenarios we couldn't imagine before the attacks of Paris or Brussels but that we must address openly and for which we must prepare," she said.
German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen speaks with a soldier on Aug. 10. RALPH ORLOWSKI / Reuters
With an overall contingent of under 200,000 personnel, the country's armed forces are spread thin while fulfilling peacekeeping missions in Afghanistan, Kosovo, Mali and in the the Mediterranean Sea.
According to the German Armed Forces Association, many servicemen don't want to be used as “stopgaps at home.”
“We favor the planned training under the leadership of police forces in order to assess a potential role of the armed forces in a large-scale terror scenario,” said Lt. Col. André Wuestner, the group's head. “But it should not be our goal to protect train stations."
Wuestner said his counterparts in France and Belgium have warned that their domestic security duties — such as patrolling city centers — have kept them from training for their main responsibilities, such as missions abroad.
German soldiers after taking part in a drill on June 29. JOHN MACDOUGALL / AFP - Getty Images
The head of Germany's police union suggested that better equipment and weapons offered a better answer than troops on the streets of Berlin, Frankfurt and Hamburg.
“What we don't need is for that the armed forces to fill a personnel gap, which would lead to a militarization of inner security,” Rainer Wendt said.
Christian Moelling, a security expert at the German Marshall Fund of the United States, told NBC News that conservative politicians appeared to be trying to capitalize on recent events as they sought to achieve their longstanding goal of allowing the military to deploy within the country's borders.
He noted that since the end of World War II, high hurdles had been established governing how the armed forces can be used and was skeptical that any push to change that would be successful.
“To use Germany's military for interior security, including the use of force, would necessitate a large majority for a constitutional change, and this majority doesn't exist,” Moelling said, adding that at least two-thirds of parliamentarians would have to approve such a measure.
Republicans quickly accused the administration of worrying too much about legal niceties and not enough about public safety.
“We've got to be far less interested in protecting the privacy rights of these terrorists than in collecting information that may lead us to details of broader schemes to carry out attacks in the United States,” Senator Christopher S. Bond of Missouri, the ranking Republican on the Senate intelligence committee, said in an interview.
Senator John McCain of Arizona called it a mistake to read Mr. Shahzad his Miranda rights so soon. “When we detain terrorism suspects, our top priority should be finding out what intelligence they have that could prevent future attacks and save American lives,” he said on Sean Hannity's radio show. “Our priority should not be telling them they have a right to remain silent.”
Photo
Representative Peter T. King of New York, the ranking Republican on the House Homeland Security Committee, said in a separate interview that he was troubled by the rush to charge Mr. Shahzad as a civilian. “In these kinds of cases, the first preference should be a military commission because you can get more information,” he said.
But unlike the Nigerian suspect in the Christmas attack, Mr. Shahzad is an American citizen. The Supreme Court has ruled that an American citizen captured in Afghanistan could be detained as an enemy combatant, but it is not clear whether that would apply to citizens detained on American soil.
Under the Military Commissions Act of 2006, only noncitizens can be tried in a military commission, meaning the law would need to be changed to bring Mr. Shahzad before such a tribunal.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Democrats said the Shahzad case dispels the idea that constitutional protections need to be tossed aside in cases of terrorism. “We have proven in this country for a long, long time that you can get very valuable information out of people after you Mirandize them,” Representative Adam Smith, Democrat of Washington, said in an interview. Looking at the results of other interrogations, he said, “you see that what we're doing is actually very effective.”
In a case of odd allies, Glenn Beck, the conservative Fox News commentator, said Mr. Shahzad was entitled to his rights. “He's a citizen of the United States, so I say we uphold the laws and the Constitution on citizens,” Mr. Beck said. “He has all the rights under the Constitution. We don't shred the Constitution when it's popular.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The administration is struggling to recalibrate the war against terrorists and to pull back on some of what Mr. Obama considers the excesses of the past. The administration has yet to figure out how to keep its promise to close the prison at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. And it is reconsidering plans to hold civilian trials in New York City for figures accused of the Sept. 11 attacks.
Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. said Tuesday that he has not ruled out holding 9/11 terror trials in New York. “Unfortunately, New York and Washington, D.C., remain targets of people who would do this nation harm,” he said. “And regardless of where a particular trial is, where a particular event is going to occur, I think that is going to remain true. And it is why we have to be especially vigilant in New York as well as in Washington.”
The White House said that the Central Intelligence Agency and the director of national intelligence were consulted before the decision to read Mr. Shahzad his Miranda rights, and that the high-value interrogation group that specializes in terrorism cases was tapped for its expertise.
Because of the limits on the handling of Mr. Shahzad, Senator Joseph I. Lieberman of Connecticut, suggested legislation that would strip the citizenship of Americans tied to terrorism. Speaking on Fox News, he noted that existing law removes citizenship from Americans fighting for enemy militaries.
“It's time for us to look at whether we want to amend that law to apply it to American citizens who choose to become affiliated with foreign terrorist organizations, whether they should not also be deprived automatically of their citizenship and therefore be deprived of rights that come with that citizenship when they are apprehended and charged with a terrorist act,” he said.
Opposition Congress MLAs staging protest at Raj Bhawan demanding the resignation of Governor Ram Naresh Yadav and Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan in MP Professional Examination Board Scam, in Bhopal on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Putting to rest speculation over his resignation after his name figured in the MPPEB scam, Madhya Pradesh Governor Ram Naresh Yadav has moved the High Court challenging the FIR filed against him.
Advertising
Citing Article 361, the octogenarian has argued that he enjoys immunity from any criminal proceedings in any court during his term of office, and sought an order to quash the FIR filed on February 24.
Chief Justice A M Khanvilkar is likely to hear Yadav's plea Monday, Ashish Trivedi, one of his counsel, told The Sunday Express.
[related-post]
Yadav camped in Madhya Pradesh Bhavan in Delhi from February 26 to March 3 after he was flown there in a state plane to attend the marriage of Lalu Prasad's daughter with grandnephew of Mulayam Singh Yadav. He tried in vain to get an audience with the President. Apparently he also used the time to seek legal counsel.
The FIR against the Governor had followed after one of the accused, who is in jail for nearly a-year-and-a-half, named him. The Special Task Force (STF) is looking for his son Shailesh and has already arrested his former Officer on Special Duty Dhanraj Yadav.
The petition has cited documents and an affidavit submitted by senior Congress leader Digvijaya Singh, who had alleged that an Excel sheet submitted with a chargesheet was different from the original Excel sheet retrieved from the hard disk of computer used by Nitin Mohindra (a former MPPEB official).
Advertising
Digvijaya Singh had alleged that the word “CM” in the original Excel sheet had been replaced with “Governor”, “middleman” and “Umabharatiji” at different places.
Centrist Sen. Olympia Snowe (R-Maine) suggested that Congress may not vote on healthcare legislation before lawmakers leave Washington for Christmas.
Democratic leaders are pushing to complete healthcare reform legislation before year's end but key issues in the legislation have yet to be hashed out, such as the inclusion of a controversial public health insurance option.
Democrats have courted Snowe for her support on the bill. She could become a crucial vote should Senate Democrats fail to attract the 60 votes necessary on their side to invoke cloture.
"Well, Christmas might be too soon," Snowe told Bloomberg's Al Hunt in an interview that will air throughout the weekend. "Well, you know, there's always that possibility. I know that's not what the president prefers."
Snowe refused to say that such a delay was likely, but added that "nothing would surprise me because of the complexity [of the issue]." She said that a vote would likely not come much before Christmas should it be held before recess.
She stressed the need to give the bill "the time it deserves," something she has routinely said during negotiations.
"[The American people] don't want it put on a fast track. They want us to give it the thought it needs and requires, and that's why I've tried to slow the process down," she said.
Attracting Snowe's support has become an intricate dance for top Democrats, who prefer to make the bill a bipartisan effort. Snowe has said she opposes a public option favored by liberals but would support a "trigger" that would enact a public plan should insurance companies fail to meet certain guidelines. She added this weekend that she opposes a state based public option from which individual states could opt out, but said she would not characterize it as a "dealbreaker."
Snowe, who voted for the Senate Finance Committee's bill, said she has met with key Democrats on the issue, such as Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), Finance chairman Max Baucus (D-Mont.), and Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) She added that her Maine counterpart Sen. Susan Collins (R) has been included in meetings with centrist senators on the topic.
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish police shot dead a suspected Islamic State militant overnight who was believed to be planning a suicide bomb attack in the capital Ankara, the city's governor said on Wednesday.
It was the latest in a series of counter-terrorist police operations coinciding with a Turkey-backed rebel operation in Syria to drive the jihadists away from its southern border.
Turkish security forces have meanwhile stepped up action against Kurdish militants, killing 14 Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) fighters in eastern Turkey in recent days, the interior minister said.
Police tracked the Islamic State suspect to the ninth floor of a building on Ankara's outskirts, where he was killed in a gunfight around 3 a.m. after opening fire in response to a call to surrender, the state-run Anadolu Agency said.
“The terrorist is judged to have been planning to carry out a suicide bomb attack and carried out reconnaissance around the old parliament building and Anitkabir,” Governor Ercan Topaca wrote on Twitter, referring to the mausoleum of modern Turkey's founder Mustafa Kemal Ataturk.
The suspect may have been targeting ceremonies to be held there on the Oct. 29 anniversary of the Turkish Republic's foundation or on Nov. 10 to commemorate Ataturk's death, Anadolu cited Topaca as saying.
Police found explosive materials including sticks of dynamite and ammonium nitrate at the scene, the governor said.
The suspect was registered as resident of the southeastern city of Diyarbakir and was born in 1992, Anadolu said.
PUBLIC GATHERINGS
After receiving intelligence that militants were planning attacks in the capital, Topaca's office on Monday banned public meetings and marches until the end of November.
The ban was enforced in line with emergency rule imposed after an attempted coup in July.
Islamic State and Kurdish militants have carried out attacks in the capital. This month two suspected PKK members, believed to be planning a car bomb attack, blew themselves up in a standoff with police in Ankara.
Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu told reporters in Ankara that operations targeting militants would continue in the days ahead and said 13 PKK fighters were killed this week in the eastern province of Tunceli and one further north in Erzincan.
In the Lice district of Diyarbakir province, PKK militants staged a rocket attack on a minibus carrying members of the state-sponsored village guard militia who fight against the PKK, killing two guards and wounding two others, security sources said.
Separately, the sources said 20 people were detained overnight in simultaneous raids across the city of Diyarbakir designed to avert Islamic State bomb attacks.
In the Mediterranean coastal province of Mersin, the governor has banned street celebrations such as weddings for reasons of public security, his office said in a statement on its website. It called for tighter security at transport hubs.
Perhaps it is time to shift attention away from the "rally around the flag" diversion that is North Korea and pay some attention to China, which delighted by the ongoing geopolitical distractions is currently building the world's largest submarine facility, which will be able to produce as many as four ultramodern nuclear submarines at a time.
Starting later this year, China's new submarine factory on the Yellow Sea will churn out nuclear-powered attack submarines (or SSNs) ensuring that the sub program of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) will soon be a deadly global force. Once fully operational, the assembly line will enable China to at least match USN SSN production.
Bohai Shipbuilding Heavy Industrial Corporation (BSHIC) is putting the finishing touches on its new facility, which as profiled by Popsci, will start production this year. BSHIC, based in Huludao, Liaoning Province, is China's only builder of nuclear submarines. It previously built the Type 091, 093 nuclear attack submarines (SSN) and Type 092 and 094 nuclear ballistic missile submarine (SSBN).
When this enclosed submarine factory begins operation later this year, the BSHIC will be able
to quickly build nuclear submarines.
Why is this building such a big deal? Simple: inside a superstructure, submarines are hidden from snoops, spies, and satellites. It also provides a controlled environment for development and construction.
According to Popsci, the massive new assembly hall, which measures more than 430,000 square feet, has enough room for two parallel production lines; each production line has one half dedicated to assembling and attaching together submarine modules, and the other half dedicated to finishing the hull with quieting measures like anechoic tiles. That's enough space for four SSN's to be built simultaneously (two sets of modules being assembled at one end, and another pair of assembled hulls being fitted out before launch). Once completed, the SSN is rolled off the line and into the ocean. The assembly hall can also handle construction of the next generation SSBN, the Type 096.
The module assembly hall is well equipped, with gantry cranes for lifting SSN modules in
position and parallel rails for moving completed hull sections further down the assembly line.
The facility is reported to begin construction on the first Type 095 SSN later this year. The Type 095 is expected to have a single/hybrid pressure hull, pumpjet propulsion and vertical launch system cells, making it (at least) superior to older SSNs like the U.S.'s Los Angeles III and Russia's Akula II.
The Type 095 SSN, swhon in this rendering, will likely have VLS cells for launching a wide range of cruise missiles, plus pumpjet propulsion and improved quieting technology. The first Type 095 will likely begin production in late 2017 at the new BSHIC factory, with many more to follow in the 2020s.
Reddit 23 Email 476 Shares
By: Sharon Aron Baron
Loss prevention employees at Macy's had feces wiped in their faces by one individual who thought she could get away with a crime.
It happened on Christmas Eve when Marisol Toribio, 32, of Coral Springs was caught shoplifting at Macy's at Coral Square Mall. While attempting to leave the store with stolen merchandise, loss prevention employees confronted her. In an attempt to get away, Toribio reportedly reached into her pants, pulled out some poop, and smeared it on their faces.
She was arrested by Coral Springs Police and faces theft charges, plus a charge of tampering with physical evidence.
Chris has been a contributing writer at Tamarac Talk and Coral Springs Talk since high school. He is a resident of Coral Springs and is currently attending college.
Very much like Watford, Bournemouth are executing the perfect 1st season in the Premier League. Pre-season they were listed as 6/4 odds to get relegated yet they're comfortably above the relegation scrap. Their season has included a memorable victory against Chelsea and Manchester United but severe knee injuries limited their attacking stable and they have still scraped together 41 points as a debut PL side, which is actually pretty impressive all things considered. It was interesting to see how much pragmatism Bournemouth would have to adopt as they got adjusted to a higher level of competition, seeing as they came with the reputation of having been one of the most attractive Championship sides in years.
It's kind of a shame that we were robbed of a full season of Max Gradel and Callum Wilson together. Gradel was one of the five best players in Ligue 1 last season, almost a one-man offense for Saint Etienne as a half space winger. His speed is terrifying and you could've easily seen his type of play translate well into the Premier League. Against West Ham, the duo were impressive and even though all of the four goals for Bournemouth involved shocking defending you could imagine what a full season with those two would've added to their club, especially given how most teams in the PL can be susceptible to counter attacking football.
Without those two for the majority of the season, most of what made Bournemouth successful hasn't changed from what made them successful last season in the Championship, but the extra quality that would make these type of counter attacks more potent have ended up like this:
You'll notice a trend here going forward, because a decent amount Bournemouth's issues can be described by a broad talent deficiency at this level. This isn't any shock, seeing as the jump from the Championship to the Premier League has proven too much for many promoted teams. A lot of their build up play does lead up to throughball opportunities which is a good profile to follow, but understandably the back-ups to Wilson or Gradel aren't of the same quality. This could be seen with their shot profile. Despite some focus on the creation of high quality shots, more than 50% of Bournemouth's shots this season have come from outside the area This is how it looks for their shots on target.
Southampton were and to some extent still are renowned for being another team dedicated to attacking football. Bournemouth's shot chart was somewhat similar to Southampton's during their one full season with Mauricio Pochettino as their manager.
You could argue that alongside Southampton, Swansea were another predecessor to Bournemouth: a possession based side who also liked to think of themselves as an example of how to play football the right way. This is how both of them compared to Bournemouth in their first years in the Opta Era.
Team TSR SoTR xGR SH% SV% Swansea 11-12 44.1 43.7 .410 30.3 72.7 Southampton 12-13 53.3 51.2 .502 29.3 62.3 Bournemouth 15-16 51.6 50.0 .450 30.2 56.2
There are two paths that Bournemouth can take as a club. Swansea have been somewhere between average and below average over the past 5 seasons and variance until this season had kept them 8th-12th. Meanwhile until Leicester gathered up all the fairy dust known to man, Southampton had become the new model club that's kept pushing the boundaries on how far they could contend and seemed genuine 4th place contenders, if only things fell right. We could even see the progression offensively from Southampton with multiple seasons of aggregating talent and solidifying their foothold as a stable Premier League club allowing them to become better in their shot selection while still having the volume from previous years.
Eddie Howe has garnered loads of attention for his work both last season and this. With Everton's struggles this season and an overall cooling down on Roberto Martinez, people are trying to put two and two together by suggesting that he could be Martinez replacement. I'd like to see what Howe does with more experience at Bournemouth before making the leap to a bigger club and find out how season two in the league pans out. It wasn't too long ago that Martinez was hailed as a real up and coming manager himself but the league can be unforgiving. In comparison to Martinez at the same age, it could be argued that Howe's version of utopian football has more of a chance of actually succeeding.
One intriguing thing with Bournemouth is what they're doing on set pieces. The next frontier to exploit in football may well be set pieces, with Atletico Madrid being the gold standard. Bournemouth is behind that level but there are signs that they're possibly looking into this more than the average club. They're 6th in set piece shot ratio and they've unveiled some trickery here and there.
Set-piece routines have somewhat untapped potential. Bournemouth use them well though. pic.twitter.com/3vZ4FCGvjY — JD (@JudahDavies) April 10, 2016
The end results haven't actually been that good, their goal% in these situations is 6th worst at 41.7%. But the fact that they're cognisant of the potential benefits is positive. Clubs of Bournemouth's size have to take advantage of these types of inefficiencies. Bolton with Sam Allardyce did it to the extreme a generation ago and they were a huge success. I wouldn't expect Bournemouth to go to nearly the same degree as Big Sam did because football has evolved but a few extra goals here and there from exploiting obvious inefficiencies is a smart focus.
Most of the time when a team have a low save percentage, the first instinct is to say that it's unlucky. There's been research done during the very beginnings of the analytics movement in football that showed save percentage year by year is close to unrepeatable. If people looked at Liverpool's rate, they'd say that they've been pretty unlucky this season. Naturally similar things would be said about Bournemouth when one takes into account that theirs is actually considerably worse.
But similar to Aston Villa, when this trend repeats itself for 3-4 years, the noisy nature of save percentage can start sussing out. Case in point, every season that Artur Boruc has been the starting goalie his team has had a very low save%, and he was on Southampton who were good-very good defensively. Paul Riley's expected goal model has rated Boruc poorly ever since his debut Premier League debut four years ago, and his shot stopping rating of 0.78 this season is 2nd worst for keepers that have faced at least 75 shots on target. If you want to see the benefits of high shot stopping rates look at West Ham this season or Swansea last season, teams that have pumped up 4-5 spots up on their true talent level cause of favorable variance. I know it's not exactly the most strident analytical take, but anyone who plays some form of organized football must know the feeling when you need just one save to get you out of trouble and the keeper can't get it. That's the type of hell Bournemouth have been stuck in this season. It also doesn't help when that hell include gaffs like this:
Their goalkeeping problem is compounded even further because even though Bournemouth are okay at suppressing shots, ranking 5th in shots conceded and 7th in shots on target conceded, they give a ton of big chances with only Norwich haven given up more this season. Some of them in particular have been blatantly bad:
Bournemouth has the worst shot quality per shot on target conceded in the Premier League this season, just barely worse than Norwich. That's right, even Aston Villa aren't conceding such easy opportunities. This has been even more pertinent in games against tougher competition. Spurs and Man City have scored 17 goals in their four matches against them, Arsenal created six Big Chances in their first meeting in December, hell they let West Ham score six goals combined in their two fixtures. It's been obvious that as soon as Bournemouth play someone that's anywhere close to the level of the established elite, they leak goals.
So if we've just spent nearly 1000 words on the weaknesses of Bournemouth, why are they so interesting? Well it comes down to the old adage of “process over results”. Some results have been bad and although gaining points at the hand of rivals has proven successful, if it wasn't for the complete incompetence of Villa/Newcastle/Norwich/Sunderland, Bournemouth would probably be much closer to relegation than they currently are. But the actual process behind all of this is surprisingly sound. There has been tactical analysis done on Bournemouth previously, both on the ball and off it. It looks like there's a relatively deep complexity to how everything is done, even hinting at the now famed Positional play. Obviously we've watched more of the deficiencies than we have their strengths and those articles both warned that there would be growing pains but it is encouraging that behind all of the carnage displayed is discernible method.
That being said, it's easy to say that just upgrading the talent will solve these problems but getting the talent in of itself is an arduous task. One of the problems that Bournemouth face is just how rigid the Premier League can be for a club like them. Leicester is a freak and shouldn't be seen as some way to climb up the table. Building for the long term is in their best interest, but thinking of it as a linear progression would be sugar coating it because despite the TV money making it easier for smaller clubs to keep their own players, it's still hard to convince them that Bournemouth aren't a stepping stone club unless they make the leap like Southampton did. This isn't to entirely demean what Bournemouth currently have because they do have some quality players, including Junior Stanislas. If they ran it back next season with more or less the same roster but have Gradel/Wilson healthy, they should have enough to finish 14th-15th again, with a view to progress down the line. As a team battling against the odds, smart recruitment is an area in which they may be able to secure an edge and should be exploited.
Bournemouth is in the early days of their PL expedition and they've already accomplished step one of a multistep plan, which was to avoid relegation and keep collecting the TV money that will become even more valuable with the new deal kicking in next season. Some of their peripheral numbers seem pretty decent despite the mass amount of injuries in addition to it being their first season in the top division. The actual quality of football hasn't been as awe inspiring as it was last year because of a jump in competition, but there's a framework for something grander. Talent more or less wins out and Bournemouth may have a tough time retaining their better players and attracting more, but if they can do that there is the blueprint for perhaps the next Southampton to emerge.
Related
Article by Mohamed Mohamed
The Chicago Bears targeted Blake Costanzo because they realized Corey Graham would probably not be returning.
And they successfully landed the veteran linebacker Tuesday night, adding him to the mix as a top special teams player. He finished second on the San Francisco 49ers with 17 tackles on special teams this past season, and added four more in postseason competition. He came up big in the 49ers' playoff upset of the New Orleans Saints, forcing one fumble on special teams and recovering another.
The 27-year-old was developed by Brad Seely, following him from Cleveland to San Francisco, and is considered one of the better core special teams performers in the league. According to his agent David Canter, it's a two-year contract.
"I always respected what he did and how he worked at his craft -- and he's not the biggest guy, he's not the strongest guy," Seely told the Associated Press this last season. "But he's one of those guys that his whole is much better than the parts. What he brings on Sunday is really a unique situation for us in special teams in the sense that he's really good at his job."
The Bears made a late push to re-sign Graham, who reached the Pro Bowl this past season, but it's unlikely he will return to the team. Several clubs are believed to be interested in him.
bmbiggs@tribune.com
Twitter @BradBiggs
View full size
Mayor Adams held the forum, in part, to address concerns about the city's financial role in supporting the private event, said spokesman Roy Kaufmann.
"It's not fair to expect the city to constantly absorb the cost aspect," he said. The city has spent as much as $10,000 a month during summer months on police, security, barricades and transportation.
"There are hundreds of events around the city that would love to have the city's support with transportation and security but the city cannot afford that," Kaufmann said.
The 13-year-old event grew from a grass-roots business effort by galleries to replicate the First Thursday event in the Pearl District.
In recent years, some neighbors have wondered if the event hasn't outgrown Alberta Street.
One bar owner attached a letter to the neighborhood association one, telling city leaders he closes his pub during the event because the rowdy crowds have presented a liability issue.
"We take the quality of our business and the quality of our neighborhood seriously," wrote Bye and Bye owner John Janulis. "In our minds, we have taken steps to protect ourselves and our neighbors from unfortunate events. Although we are closed for Last Thursdays now, we have elected on Last Thursdays to continue to hire a security guard to patrol our block; we have also taken on the cost of renting portable toilets to curb public urination. We look to the city for similar leadership."
--
Follow me on Twitter and check out
More:
Ten suggestions for Last Thursday, according to the King Neighborhood Association:
1.
Require adequate event management from a responsible organized entity.
2.
Require and enforce and permits related to livability and safety concerns.
3.
Continued monitoring of noise permits and enforce compliance.
4.
Assure that adequate toilets are available for all attendees and enforce health-related permits.
5.
Develop a comprehensive strategy to measure community impacts and, if goals are not met, end the event earlier until they are.
6.
Find and designate area parking lots for visitors.
7.
Work with businesses and event management to provide effective garbage clean-up and recycling.
8.
Require fenced beer gardens to manage the crowds of alcohol-drinkers and enforcement of open-container regulations.
9.
Work with Alberta neighborhood associations, residents, and businesses to provide two way lines of communication to assure an event respectful of our neighborhoods.
10.
Help event organizers secure independent funds so that Last Thursday is self-supporting.
Last weekend's Colossal Clusterfest in San Francisco's Civic Center was a colossal success. Another Planet Entertainment took on the challenge of a three-day comedy extravaganza and struck comic gold.
So that led me to wonder: why can't we turn the Civic Center Park area into a destination that people visit when Jerry Seinfeld, World Cup Soccer, or Warrior games (Game 3 is televised at 6pm in Civic Center on Wednesday) are not in the house?
I'm not alone in asking this question. Civic leaders and top city officials like City Administrator Naomi Kelly and Parks Director Phil Ginsburg are stepping up to the challenge. All are committed to making Civic Center Park a place where people come without charging admission for special events. The comedy Clusterfest showed how the Bill Graham Auditorium and poorly underutilized Fulton Street mall make the Civic Center Park area a very special place—if its potential is realized.
Think that's a pipe dream? In the 1980's Dolores Park was almost as little visited as Civic Center Park today. Upgrading Dolores Park changed the dynamic and the same are true for the Civic Center area (now being called Civic Center Commons).
Activating the Space
Dolores Park started with one great advantage: panoramic views of San Francisco and the Bay. Dolores Park will always be favored when choosing a picnic site,
But other factors that led to Dolores Park's resurgence can be replicated at Civic Center Commons. One —a state of the art playground—is already happening. The future Helen Diller Playgrounds (the Diller Foundation also funded the Dolores Park playground) will open in Civic Center Park by early next year. The head of the Trust for Public Land, which is partnering with the Diller Foundation on the project, predicted it would be the top children's playground in the entire United States.
The children of the nearby Tenderloin deserve no less.
Dolores Park also benefits from its proximity to Bi-Rite Creamery, the Mission's favorite ice cream stand. People coming to the park have an excuse to visit Bi-Rite, which on hot days is as much a destination as the park. There is no reason the Civic Center Commons could not have a food destination that also draws people on non-event days.
The aesthetics of Civic Center Commons currently fall far short of the area around Dolores Park. Some of this—the palm trees along Dolores compared to the treeless streets around Civic Center—cannot be matched. But an effort to bring color into the too drab Civic Center is underway—and should soon help make the area more attractive.
So let's assume that Civic Center Commons has playgrounds to attract families with young kids and is more physically attractive. How do we get the under-40 crowd that attended the comic Clusterfest, visits Dolores Park, but is not at Civic Center on weekends other than for events?
Attracting this demographic initially requires scheduled activities. Whether it includes big screen Warrior playoff games, movie nights, or free public speakers and/or entertainers subsidized by a combination of philanthropy and vendor sales, it's time to make San Francisco's central public space a desired destination.
Mid-Market, Tenderloin and Civic Center
What also distinguishes Dolores Park from Civic Center Commons is the greater weekend liveliness in the surrounding area.
Civic Center is dead on weekends. The city, state and federal employees occupying the area's buildings are gone, and even the portion of Market Street bordering Civic Center is a quiet zone. The Asian Art Museum and library are open, but the only street level excitement comes from the bustle of the Sunday UN Plaza Farmers Market.
Increasing street activity may await the construction of the three Tenderloin/Mid-Market projects between Jones and Mason (the Shorenstein, Tidewater, and Group I project). None breaks ground until this fall. The opening of the two long vacant hotels at 7th and Market (the Proper this summer and the Yotel later this year) will increase liveliness, but adding nearby permanent residents will do far more to increase Civic Center weekend activity.
The new buildings at Trinity Plaza and the Emerald Fund near City Hall are positive additions but their presence has yet to have a visible weekend effect in Civic Center. These residents are part of the future pool for those activating Civic Center Commons if there were activities going on there.
The Tenderloin has some exciting non-residential projects that I cannot publicize at this time. But these will improve activation north of Civic Center by next year. The Clusterfest also initiated the Tenderloin Museum's use as a late night party venue; Sarah Silverman and other comics partied until 2am both inside the historic venue and outside on Eddy Street.
If you've been looking for a late-night venue, few have the history of the Tenderloin Museum.
So the revitalization of the Civic Center is a work in progress. The big breakthroughs are a year or two away.
But the Colossal Clusterfest reaffirmed Civic Center Commons' potential. And confirmed that a prediction for its rosier future is no joke.
Randy Shaw is Editor of Beyond Chron. Pick up his book, The Tenderloin: Sex, Crime and Resistance in the Heart of San Francisco.
Randy Shaw is the Editor of Beyond Chron and the Director of San Francisco's Tenderloin Housing Clinic, which publishes Beyond Chron. Shaw is the author of four books on activism, including The Activist's Handbook: Winning Social Change in the 21st Century, and Beyond the Fields: Cesar Chavez, the UFW and the Struggle for Justice in the 21st Century. His new book is The Tenderloin: Sex, Crime and Resistance in the Heart of San Francisco More Posts
Filed under: San Francisco News
Another Teen Mom franchise star is preparing to say “I do!”
The Ashley can confirm that Michael Abraham is officially engaged to be married to his longtime girlfriend, Amy. Michael, who is the father of Teen Mom OG star Farrah Abraham, proposed while he and Amy were on vacation in Italy with Farrah, her daughter Sophia and his ex-wife, Debra Danielsen.
The proposal took place on Thursday, while he and Amy visited the island of Capri. The Italy trip was filmed for ‘Teen Mom OG,' but it's unknown if the proposal was caught on camera.
“I'm the most blessed man and so thankful to God for my fiancée, Amy!” Michael told The Ashley in a statement. “We have been together going on three years and we share an enormous love of our families and life!”
Amy has been featured on several seasons of ‘Teen Mom OG,' and she gets along well with Farrah.
Debra wished the couple the best.
“I am very happy for them and wish them a blessed and long marriage,” she told The Ashley. “It was good that we were together as a family, so Sophia can feel happy as a blended family.”
Farrah has not commented publicly on her father's engagement.
Michael joins a long string of ‘Teen Mom' stars with upcoming weddings. Last weekend, Teen Mom 2-star Jenelle Evans tied the knot, and Chelsea Houska is scheduled to have her first anniversary/wedding reception in October. Michael's ex Debra will marry Dr. David Merz in November. Ryan Edwards and Mackenzie Standifer are also planning a wedding celebration for November.
Michael has not yet revealed when he and Amy will tie the knot.
(Photo: Facebook)
Islamist militants attacking a Syrian border town fought some of their heaviest battles so far with Kurdish forces today, a local official said, and five people were wounded inside Turkey by a projectile fired across the frontier.
Islamic State, an al-Qaeda offshoot, is trying to seize the predominantly Kurdish border town of Kobani and has ramped up its offensive in recent days despite being targeted by US-led coalition air strikes aimed at halting its progress.
Today its forces battled Kurdish fighters for control of Mistanour, a strategic hill overlooking the town, and intense shelling and heavy machine gun fire were audible around Kobani, known as Ayn al-Arab in Arabic.
“The situation in Kobani has been bad in the past three days and today is the worst,” Idris Nassan said by telephone.
“The clashes are very heavy, there is bomb shelling, they are trying hard to get inside the city of Kobani. The YPG is responding strongly,” he said, referring to Kurdish forces.
He said the Islamic State fighters were only one kilometre away to the south east of the town.
Just across the border from Kobani, at least five people were wounded in a Turkish village close to the Mursitpinar crossing when a projectile from the fighting slammed into a house, witnesses said.
Turkish territory has repeatedly been hit by stray fire since the Kobani fighting erupted more than two weeks ago and Turkey has vowed to defend its borders. But up until now it has been reluctant to intervene against Islamic State.
Witnesses said the five victims, all from the same family, did not appear to be critically wounded. Yesterday a Turkish special forces officer was also lightly wounded by shrapnel, the media and local sources reported.
A translator with the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD) inside Kobani said Islamic State forces were hitting Mistanor hill with tank and mortar fire as they tried to seize high ground from which they could dominate the streets below.
Kurdish forces had so far checked the advance, Parwer Mohammed Ali told Reuters, adding that there had been fresh airstrikes on Islamic State positions overnight. “They struck three or four times in the vicinity of Mistanour hill,” he said.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which monitors the conflict, said at least 11 Kurdish fighters and 16 Islamic State insurgents were killed in the overnight clashes.
Iraqi town recaptured
The United States and its Western and Arab allies have carried out air strikes against Islamic State positions in Syria and neighbouring Iraq, where the Sunni Islamist group swept through huge areas of Sunni Muslim northern provinces in June.
Iraqi security officials and witnesses said today that Islamic State fighters seized back half of Dhuluiya, 70 km north of Baghdad, just a day after Iraqi military forces recaptured the town on the banks of the river Tigris.
Despite the US-led military intervention, a military stalemate exists in Iraq, with territory regularly switching hands between the Iraqi government and Islamic State.
In Syria, Islamic State launched its new offensive to capture Kobani two weeks ago. It has seized hundreds of villages around the town, forcing 180,000 people to flee into Turkey.
Families have taken up residence in muddy fields, abandoned shops, parks and mosques, adding to Turkey‘s mounting humanitarian crisis, which has seen refugee numbers in the whole country swell to 1.5 million since the Syrian war began.
“We fled in fear and now we are stranded here with no work and little money. We are too ashamed to ask for help,” said Anwar Shehnebi (43), a teacher and farmer with eight children.
Kurds have called for help from Turkey and more US-led raids but cooperation is complicated by Syrian Kurds' ties to the PKK -- deemed a terrorist group by many Western states.
Turkish military patrols were visible west of Kobani today but there was no sign of significant troop movements. Tanks which earlier in the week had been deployed along the frontier had returned to their base.
Yesterday Turkish president Tayyip Erdoğan vowed to act if Turkish soldiers were targeted by Islamic State in Syria but dampened speculation of intervening at Kobani, likening Kurds defending the town to the radical Islamist insurgents.
Western and Turkish officials also cite concerns about the Syrian Kurds' ambiguous relationship with president Bashar al-Assad, who has mostly left the Kurds to their own devices while focusing firepower on insurgents fighting to unseat him. The Syrian Kurds have denied cooperating with Dr Assad.
Government battles insurgents
Further west in Syria, government warplanes bombed towns in the countryside north of Aleppo, which the Syrian military is seeking to recapture from a mix of insurgent groups.
Last week the Syrian army made a new advance on Aleppo, seizing three villages north of the city and threatening rebel supply lines in a potentially major reversal.
Dr Assad's army has intensified an offensive in the heavily-populated western areas of Syria as US-led warplanes concentrate on areas in the north and east -- Islamic State areas which Damascus sees as less important.
Clashes took place between the Syrian army and Islamic State around Kowaires military airbase in Aleppo, the Observatory said, after Syrian warplanes carried out raids around it.
In the industrial city of Sheikh Najjar, northeast of Aleppo, Islamist groups including al-Qaeda's Nusra Front fought with government forces backed by pro-Assad militias and fighters from Shi‘ite Lebanese group Hezbollah, the Observatory said.
Elsewhere in Syria insurgent forces made ground. Nusra Front and other Islamist groups captured a hilltop in southwest Syria from government forces on today after two days of battles, the Observatory and pro-insurgent Twitter feeds reported.
The capture of al-Hara hill, close to the Israeli frontier, gives the Islamist insurgents the highest vantage point in the Deraa province and is a major blow to the Syrian military, said Rami Abdulrahman, who runs the Observatory.
Reuters
The youth tribunal in Reggio Calabria, in the Southern Italian region of Calabria, is pioneering a new form of intervention, aimed at breaking the family bonds between children and their parents who are under investigation, charged or convicted for mafia-related crimes. As the procedure falls under family law, the tribunal can intervene even in the absence of a charge or a conviction of the parents. Once anti-mafia authorities start an investigation, children of suspects can be removed from their parents.
READ ALSO: The mafia 'controlled' one of Italy's largest migrant centres
Since 2012, around 40 proceedings have successfully limited or removed paternity rights within mafia families, almost exclusively aimed at fathers. The children affected receive support from social services, including inclusion in the foster system, and they are often sent outside the region as part of special education programmes.
There was a peak in removals after a partnership agreement in 2013 with district prosecutors. Then in mid-2016, the president of the youth tribunal, Roberto Di Bella, published a decree to codify the procedure, explaining how to justify the removals under Italian law. This now means that the procedure is applicable to the whole of Italy, although so far it has only been applied in Calabria.
'Ndrangheta family model
The reasons why the authorities have turned to this extreme policy is closely linked to the situation in Calabria. The families involved are members of the 'Ndrangheta, the most globalised, powerful and wealthiest part of the Italian mafia. While the 'Ndrangheta clans are deeply rooted in Calabria, investigations over the last 30 years have shown the spread of their presence to the rest of the country, especially in the north of Italy.
The term 'Ndrangheta also refers to a set of behaviours. These are characterised by the use of intimidation, disregard for authority and the law, involvement in criminal activities and preoccupation with personal gain. All of this is imbued in the cultural and social codes of the Calabrian region. The most traditional manifestations of Calabrian culture, from religion to community organisation, are linked to the centrality of families. Marriage is used between families to preserve reputation and social prestige.
READ ALSO: Spanish 'La Mafia' restaurants banned after Italian complaint
This explains why the youth tribunal argued that the 'Ndrangheta clans' grip on the territory should be understood as a “socially inherited phenomenon”, where family relationships play a crucial role. Mafia culture is based on the centrality of the father figure: at the same time both boss and pater familias. Mothers instil the mafia culture and transmit values such as omerta' (the behaviour of keeping silent when things do not relate to you directly), honour and respect. Sons are expected to step into their father's shoes and daughters are crucial for strategies of marriage and alliances.
Breaking up the bonds between parents and their children in areas such as Reggio Calabria is therefore an effective way to stop criminal traditions being passed from generation to generation. The ‘'Ndrangheta – the most international of the various branches of the Italian mafia – needs to keep its local roots intact and strong to be able to move criminals and criminal activities abroad.
Justice versus protection
Reggio Calabria, Italy. Olivier Duquesne/Flickr, CC BY
The removal policy has not been without controversy, particularly regarding the welfare of the children removed from their families. Critics have questioned the legitimacy and impact of relying on judicial intervention as a form of “child saving”.
More widely, removing children from home has been criticised as a punishment to the children rather than a mechanism to protect them. Some have also argued that policies in which children are removed from their parents can eventually lead to children being used as objects through which to accuse and punish parents even more. However, a small study has also shown improvement in the quality of life of children who are removed from negligent homes. As my research has also highlighted, programmes of child protection as part of policies to tackle organised crime are also present in other countries under the auspices of crime prevention.
In the fight against the 'Ndrangheta so far, child protection can be justified on the basis of the pervasiveness of the mafia subculture within the home. But it may take generations to tell whether the policy will have a long-term impact on the culture of these mafia families.
Anna Sergi, Lecturer in Criminology, University of Essex
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
This case was shared with me by a friend of mine, Andrew Richards, a Microsoft Exchange Server Escalation Engineer. It's a really interesting case because it highlights the use of a Sysinternals tool I specifically wrote for use by Microsoft support services and it's actually two cases in one.
The case unfolds with a systems administrator at a corporation contacting Microsoft support to report that users across their network were complaining of Outlook hangs lasting up to 15-minutes. The fact that multiple users were experiencing the problem pointed at an Exchange issue, so the call was routed to Exchange Server support services.
The Exchange team has developed a Performance Monitor data collector set that includes several hundred counters that have proven useful for troubleshooting Exchange issues, including LDAP, RPC and SMTP message activity, Exchange connection counts, memory usage and processor usage. Exchange support had the administrator collect a log of the server's activity with 12-hour log cycles, the first from 9pm until 9am the next morning. When Exchange support engineers viewed the log, two patterns were clear despite the heavy density of the plots: first and as expected, the Exchange server's load increased during the morning when users came into work and started using Outlook; and second, the counter graphs showed a difference in behavior between about 8:05 and 8:20am, a duration that corresponded exactly to the long delays users were reporting:
The support engineers zoomed in and puzzled over the counters in the timeframe and could see Exchange's CPU usage drop, the active connection count go down, and outbound response latency drastically increase, but they were unable to identify a cause:
They escalated the case to the next level of support and it was assigned to Andrew. Andrew studied the logs and concluded that he needed additional information about what Exchange was doing during an outage. Specifically, he wanted a process memory dump of Exchange when it was in the unresponsive state. This would contain the contents of the process address space, including its data and code, as well as the register state of the process's threads. Dump files of the Exchange process would allow Andrew to look at Exchange's threads to see what was causing them to stall.
One way to obtain a dump is to “attach” to the process with a debugger like Windbg from the Debugging Tools for Windows package (included with the Windows Software Development Kit) and execute the .dump command, but downloading and installing the tools, launching the debugger, attaching to the right process, and saving dumps is an involved procedure. Instead, Andrew directed the administrator to download the Sysinternals Procdump utility (a single utility that you can run without installing any software on the server). Procdump makes it easy to obtain dumps of a process and includes options that create multiple dumps at a specified interval. Andrew asked the administrator to run Procdump the next time the server's CPU usage dropped so that it would generate five dumps of the Exchange Server engine process, Store.exe, spaced three seconds apart:
procdump –n 5 –s 3 store.exe c:\dumps\store_mini.dmp
The next day the problem reproduced and the administrator sent Andrew the dump files Procdump had generated. When a process temporarily hangs it's often because one thread in the process acquires a lock protecting data that other threads need to access, and holds the lock while performing some long-running operation. Andrew's first step was therefore to check for held locks. The most commonly used intra-process synchronization lock is a critical section and the !locks debugger command lists the critical sections in a dump that are locked, the thread ID of the thread owning the lock, and the number of threads waiting to acquire it. Andrew used a similar command, !critlist from the Sieext.dll debugger extension (the public version of which, Sieextpub.dll, is downloadable from here). The output showed that multiple threads were piled up waiting for thread 223 to release a critical section:
His next step was to see what the owning thread was doing, which might point at the code responsible for the long delays. He switched to the owning thread's register context using the ~ command and then dumped the thread's stack with the k command:
As we've seen in previous Case of the Unexplained cases, the debugger was unsure how to interpret the stack when it came across a stack frame pointing into Savfmsevsapi, an image for which it couldn't obtain symbols. Most Windows images have their symbols posted on the Microsoft symbol server so this was likely a third-party DLL loaded into the Store.exe process and was therefore a suspect in the hangs. The list modules (“lm”) command dumps version information for loaded images and the path of the image made it obvious that Savfmsevsapi was part of Symantec's mail security product:
Andrew checked the other dumps and they all had similar stack traces. With the anecdotal evidence seeming to point at a Symantec issue, Andrew forwarded the dumps and his analysis, with the administrator's permission, to Symantec technical support. Several hours later they reported that the dumps indeed revealed a problem with the mail application's latest antivirus signature distribution and forwarded a patch to the administrator that would fix the bug. He applied it and continued to monitor the server to verify the fix. Sure enough, the server's performance established fairly regular activity levels and the long delays disappeared.
However, over the subsequent days the administrator started to receive, albeit at a lower rate, complaints from several users that Outlook was sporadically hanging for up to a minute. Andrew asked the administrator to send a correlating 12-hour Performance Monitor capture with the Exchange data collection set, but this time there was no obvious anomaly:
Wondering if the hangs would be visible in the CPU usage history of Store.exe, he removed all the counters except for Store's processor usage counter. When he zoomed in on the morning hours when users began to login and load on the server increased, he noticed three spikes around 8:30am:
Because the server has eight cores, the processor usage counter for an individual process has a possible range between 0 and 800, so the spikes were far from taxing the system, but definitely higher than Exchange's typical range on that system. Zooming in further and setting the graph's vertical scale to make the spikes more distinct, he observed that average CPU usage was always below about 75% of a single core and the spikes were 15-30 seconds long:
What was Exchange doing during the spikes? They were too short-lived and random for the administrator to run Procdump like he had before and reliably capture dumps when they occurred. Fortunately, I designed Procdump with this precise scenario in mind. It supports several trigger conditions that when met, cause it to generate a dump. For example, you can configure Procdump to generate a dump of a process when the process terminates, when its private memory usage exceeds a certain value, or even based on the value of a performance counter you specify. Its most basic trigger, though, is the CPU usage of the process exceeding a specified threshold for a specified length of time.
The Performance Monitor log gave Andrew the information he needed to craft a Procdump command line that would capture dumps for future CPU spikes:
procdump.exe -n 20 -s 10 -c 75 -u store.exe c:\dumps\store_75pc_10sec.dmp
The arguments configure Procdump to generate a dump of the Store.exe process when Store's CPU usage exceeds 75% (-c 75) relative to a single core (-u) for 10 seconds (-s 10), to generate up to 20 dumps (-n 20) and then exit, and to save the dumps in the C:\Dumps directory with names that begin with “store_75pc_10sec”. The administrator executed the command before leaving work and when he checked on its progress the next morning it had finished creating 20 dump files. He emailed them to Andrew, who proceeded to study them in the Windbg debugger one by one.
When Procdump generates a dump because the CPU usage trigger is met, it sets the thread context in the dump file to the thread that was consuming the most CPU at the time of the dump. Since the debugger's stack-dumping commands are relative to the current thread context, simply entering the stack dumping command shows the stack of the thread most likely to have caused a CPU spike. Over half the dumps were inconclusive, apparently captured after the spike that triggered the dump had already ended, or with threads that were executing code that obviously wasn't directly related to a spike. However, several of the dumps had stack traces similar to this one:
The stack frame that stuck out listed Store's EcFindRow function, which implied that the spikes were caused by lengthy database queries, the kind that execute when Outlook accesses a mailbox folder with thousands of entries. With this clue in hand, Andrew suggested the administrator create an inventory of large mailboxes and pointed him at an article the Exchange support team had written that describes how to do this for each version of Exchange:
Sure enough, the script identified several users with folders containing tens of thousands of items. The administrator asked the users to reduce their item count to well below 5000 (the Exchange 2003 recommendation – this has been increased in each version with a recommendation of 100,000 in Exchange 2010) by archiving the items, deleting them, or organizing them into subfolders. Within a couple of days they had reorganized the problematic folders and user complaints ceased entirely. Ongoing monitoring of the Exchange server over the following week confirmed that the problem was gone.
With the help of Procdump, the compound case of the Outlook hangs was successfully closed.
Here's one for your nightmares. Biologists at the University of Málaga in Spain have discovered a shark embryo with two heads.
The biologists were sorting through hundreds of the Atlantic sawtail catshark embryos for a study on how the sharks' cardiovascular system develops, when they spotted the creature growing inside a translucent egg.
“Each head had a mouth, two eyes, a brain, a notochord [like a spinal cord] and five gill openings on each side,” the authors write in the latest issue of the Journal of Fish Biology. Behind the gills, the two heads fused into a single body, inside which “were two hearts, two oesophaguses, two stomachs, two livers.” (The creature shared an intestine and one set of kidneys and reproductive organs.)
This is the first time a two-headed conjoined twin has ever been recorded in an egg-laying shark, the report states.
Previously, scientists have found conjoined sharks in species that give birth to live animals. And even in those cases, it has been exceedingly rare: Only seven other similarly fused two-headed shark specimens appear in the scientific literature, they note. (A very few two-headed sharks have been found in the wild. Click if you dare.)
Here's what the researchers saw. It's kind of cool and kind of gross.
We'll never know if this specimen could have survived and lived with two heads. The researchers euthanized and preserved it in formaldehyde and alcohol in the course of their study.
And for that matter, no one knows if a two-headed shark could survive to adulthood, David Shiffman, a shark biologist, writes in Hakai Magazine. (The ones that have been found have either been fetuses or juveniles.) Shiffman spoke with Michelle Heupel, a researcher at the Australian Institute of Marine Science, to elaborate:
“Survival after birth may occur, but would likely be very brief,” says Heupel. “It is unclear whether the two heads will preclude swimming and prey capture, and whether joined internal organs will function adequately.” Despite this lethality, she noted that such deformities are extremely rare and therefore do not pose a conservation threat to shark species.
Two-headed conjoined twins are rare in nature for any species of vertebrate (including humans). It's still an open question of what causes shark fetuses to fuse, the researchers note, saying there were no teratogenic — birth defect–causing — agents in their incubation tanks.
It's a nice reminder that there are unanswered questions about nature lurking in even the weirdest, smallest places.
Theresa May is reviled for her weakness. But, as so often, cliches deceive. No British prime minister has found the strength to condemn an American president as she condemned Donald Trump since the Anglo-American alliance began in the Second World War. Anthony Eden maintained a public silence as Eisenhower destroyed his premiership, and Britain's imperial pretensions, when he stopped the Suez adventure of 1956.
Harold Wilson ignored Lyndon Johnson's pleas to send British troops to Vietnam. But he infuriated the radicals of the 1968 generation by diplomatically refusing to speak out against the war. Thatcher and Reagan, Major and Clinton had their private arguments about Grenada and the IRA. Nothing they said matches the forcefulness of May's out, loud and proud denunciation of Trump for sharing the “hateful narratives” of British fascists.
It has been comic to watch the shock with which politicians greeted Trump's endorsement of Britain First. They must have known he has spent his life in the grey zone between the right and the far right. If they didn't, we have a Foreign Office paid to set them straight. Only last week, Trump reminded us where his fanatic's mind lingers when he revived the bitter, broken fantasy that America's first black president was an illegitimate African interloper. There is no racist lie he will ever reject or disown.
Britain's leaders will not see it. May's criticism was unprecedented but it remained a wholly inadequate response to an unprecedented US president. Britain and America are still allies, the PM said, as she tried to repair a shattered relationship. Trump may be a “buffoon” but he is still Britain's “best friend”, the rightwing press told its readers. Theirs was the authentic voice of the politically left behind, who will never accept the world has changed until it blows up in their faces.
Allies stand by their friends when they are in trouble. Trump turned on Sadiq Khan, London's Muslim mayor, when the capital was being attacked by Islamists, for reasons that are too transparent to waste time on. Intelligence sharing between GCHQ and the US National Security Agency is the one clear benefit of the otherwise hazy “special relationship”. When he needed a fresh lie to feed to his credulous supporters, Trump was happy to trash it by conjuring the fantasy from the pit of his dark imagination that GCHQ had helped the Obama administration tap his phone.
Imagine that a US president had retweeted and then defended the Islamist equivalent of Britain First and refused to apologise or retract. I think the reaction of the Tory party and press would not have been so mild. Yet the distinction between neo-fascism and Islamo-fascism is a distinction without a difference. Both share the fundamental conviction that Muslims and non-Muslims cannot live together. Both are violent. (Indeed, in the US, rightwing extremists plotted or carried out nearly twice as many terrorist attacks as Islamist extremists.) And the threat from both has moved online.
The “it couldn't happen here” school of commentary, so powerful in what passes for the “national conversation”, was quick to say that, while Britain First has 1.7m Facebook likes, it barely musters a handful of militants to invade halal butchers. If you wanted to match their complacency, you could add IS is merely a web-based movement now Raqqa has fallen. That is hardly a soothing thought, however, when radicalisation is increasingly an online phenomenon. Thomas Mair was not a member of Britain First. He still shouted “Britain first” when he murdered Jo Cox because he was indoctrinated on far-right websites to hate race traitors as thoroughly as IS indoctrinates recruits who have never left the UK to hate the kuffar.
The leader of the free world has not only legitimised Britain First as he has legitimised so many other violently unhinged movements and ideologies. He has driven traffic and attention to its sites. One day, a “lone wolf” who has stared too long and hard at the light from his flickering screen may make us pay.
‘Ally” is a strange word to describe a country whose leader delights in threatening your security. Stranger still when Trump has looked for himself in others when seeking foreign friends and preferred kleptomaniac autocrats over democratic leaders. On climate change, the Iranian nuclear deal and the Muslim travel ban, Britain is not “allied” with Trump's America but on the other side. We have expressed exactly the same objections as the other leading EU countries, but there's the rub. For a generation, the European Union has been the British right's “other”. It has defined itself against the EU and based its utopian dream of a revived greatness on freeing Britain from Brussels.
It is not only a nostalgia for 20th-century alliances that stops conservatives from understanding how far away Britain is from Trump's concerns, but their forlorn hope that the US will save it from the folly of cutting itself off from our true friends in the world's largest free trade area. The notion that Trump will compensate Britain by offering a generous trade deal with the US does not survive contact with reality. Before he advertised his admiration for Britain First, Trump announced himself a believer in “America First”, a slogan coined by US appeasers of Nazi Germany, as he must know. He does not grant trade deals, he destroys them. He has pulled the US out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership and may walk away from the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Were they not lost in magical thinking, Conservatives, diplomats and generals would be hugging our European allies close. Even if they were determined to go ahead with Brexit whatever the cost, they would recognise that the US could not be depended upon and be proposing new systems of European defence co-operation. They would not engage in the wishful thinking that Trump will be out by 2020. They would not keep muttering that falsest of consolations of the past decade that we will “return to normal” and all will be well. They would have the intellectual strength to accept the possibility that “normal” may never return.
“To name things wrongly is to add to the misfortune of the world,” said Albert Camus. When Britain names America as its ally, it only heaps more misery on its already considerable misfortune.
Your Search Results
Sort By: Recommended Newest Products The Newest Sale Products Price Low to High Price High to Low
‌ Brand emporio armani (48) armani exchange (19) boss business (68) boss casual (37) boss athleisure (14) hugo (9) ralph lauren (97) fred perry (34) lacoste (17) lacoste sport (8) lacoste live (10) adidas (80) nike (33) the north face (18) under armour (9) vivienne westwood (57) versace jeans (33) versace collection (16) versus versace (34) lyle and scott (42) levis (23) g star raw (63) diesel (66) nudie (29) luke 1977 (41) paul smith (12) true religion (21) barbour (18) barbour beacon (5) barbour international (5) paul and shark (10) cp company (3) belstaff (2) pyrenex (4) colmar (22) farah (72) tommy hilfiger (13) tommy jeans (28) calvin klein (26) alpha industries (10) penguin munsingwear (12) y3 (18) aquascutum (3) ted baker (22) oliver sweeney (1) grenson (3) gant (11) replay (36) champion (33) superdry (35) money clothing (17) carhartt (12) franklin marshall (38) arkk copenhagen (46) cruyff (3) converse (48) vans (8) fila vintage (5) pretty green (35) psycho bunny (15) billionaire boys club (76) edwin (26) penfield (37) napapijri (4) gh bass (9) just cavalli (14) michael kors (18) moschino (4) puma (33) reebok (11) herschel (7) havaianas (1) eastpak (14) timberland (1) andersons belts (9) dsquared2 (2) birkenstock (21) k way (18) jack wills (24) peak performance (19) rossignol (7) ps by paul smith (1)
‌ Category T Shirts (492) Jackets (263) Trainers / Shoes (260) Shirts (257) Jumpers / Zip Tops (246) Jeans / Trousers (173) Shorts (78) Bags / Holdalls (41) Caps And Hats (29) Joggers / Tracksuits (19) Belts (19) Flip Flops (16) Socks (14) Joggers (10) Accessories (9) Underwear (3) Suits (1)
‌ Size XS (154) S (629) M (325) L (283) XL (342) XXL (346) 3XL (57) 4XL (9) 28W (21) 29W (4) 30W (62) 31W (6) 32W (30) 33W (11) 34W (14) 35W (1) 36W (18) 38W (43) 40W (22) 42W (4) 5 (1) 6 (98) 7 (148) 8 (110) 9 (85) 10 (73) 11 (68) 12 (65) One Size (92) 42 (11)
‌ Colour Black (372) Blue (309) Navy (272) Grey (218) White (206) Green (203) Brown (70) Red (65) Khaki (36) Pink (35) Burgandy (32) Beige (31) Cream (22) Orange (21) Purple (14) Yellow (14) (4) Lilac (4) Metallic (1) Gold (1)
HARTFORD — State Comptroller Kevin Lembo says he now expects Connecticut will end the current fiscal year with a $44.6 million deficit, instead of a surplus projected by the governor.
The Democrat said Monday the new projections stem from slow revenue collections from the withholding portion of the personal income tax. That accounts for more than 60 percent of the state's total income tax receipts.
Lembo's projection matches estimates from the General Assembly's nonpartisan Office of Fiscal Analysis. However, Democratic Gov. Dannel P. Malloy's budget office predicted on March 20 that the fiscal year will end June 30 with a $22 million operating surplus.
The state's main spending account is roughly $18 billion.
Lembo noted that his deficit projection could change after final income tax receipts become available later this month.
The 2014 Sun Belt Conference Tennis Championships begin Thursday morning with championship matches taking place on Sunday, April 20. All matches will be held at the City Park Tennis Center in New Orleans.
TENNIS CHAMPIONSHIP CENTRAL
MEN'S BRACKET
WOMEN'S BRACKET
Schedule of Events – City Park Tennis Center (New Orleans, La.)
Thursday, April 17
Women's Match 1
Women's Championship First Round: No. 8 UL Lafayette 4, No. 9 WKU
Friday, April 18
Women's Match 2
Women's Championship Quarterfinals: No. 1 Georgia State 4, No. 8 UL Lafayette 0
Women's Match 3
Women's Championship Quarterfinals: No. 4 Troy 4, No. 5 Texas State 3
Women's Match 4
Women's Championship Quarterfinals: No. 3 South Alabama 4, No. 6 UL Monroe 2
Women's Match 5
Women's Championship Quarterfinals: No. 2 UT Arlington 4, No. 7 Arkansas State 0
Men's Match 1
Men's Championship Quarterfinals: No. 4 UT Arlington 4, No. 5 Troy 1
Men's Match 2
Men's Championship Quarterfinals: No. 3 Georgia State 4, No. 6 WKU 0
Saturday, April 19
Women's Match 6
Women's Championship Semifinals: No. 1 Georgia State 4, vs. No. 4 Troy 0
Women's Match 7
Women's Championship Semifinals: Winner No. 2 UT Arlington vs. No. 3 South Alabama
Men's Match 3
Men's Championship Semifinals: No. 1 UL Lafayette vs. No. 4 UT Arlington (3:00 p.m.)
Men's Match 4
Men's Championship Semifinals: No. 2 South Alabama vs. No. 3 Georgia State (3:00 p.m.)
Sunday, April 20
Women's Match 8
Women's Championship: No. 1 Georgia Statevs. Winner WM 7 (10:00 a.m.)
Men's Match 5
Men's Championship: Winner MM 3 vs. Winner MM 4 (2:00 p.m.)
"Silicon Valley" had its season three premiere on HBO Sunday evening.
If you paid close attention, the show made a lot of subtle changes to its opening animation sequence to reflect the ever-changing look of companies in Silicon Valley, and poke a little fun.
Here's how the show's animation looked during the final episode of season two:
HBO
Napster got shoved out by car service Uber, Google was by itself in the lower left-hand corner and Facebook looked bigger than Oculus.
HBO
A logo for Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba Group was placed over the Yahoo! HQ.
HBO
And here's how the animated title sequence looks in season three: HBO
There is a lot more going on. Even Netscape makes an appearance in the new intro.
HBO
Car service Lyft is going head-to-head with competitor Uber. Alphabet now hovers atop Google. The company announced a giant restructuring in August 2015 making Alphabet its parent company. And Amazon drones can be seen flying overhead, delivering massive bottles of champagne. Last year, Amazon said it wants to be able to deliver packages to consumers via Amazon Prime Air in 30 minutes or less.
HBO
Car company Tesla was also added to the opening sequence.
HBO
There are some startup jokes packed into the intro as well. A big addition to the season three opening sequence was Soylent, with branded trucks moving through the city. The meal-replacement startup allows consumers to order ready-to-drink, bottled versions of its powder product.
HBO
HBO
Also, infamous startup Clinkle — a payment company that raised $30 million then essentially failed to launch— can be seen in the credits next to a banner for Vox-owned tech site Recode. Oculus and Whatsapp have also been added to Facebook's camp.
HBO's "Silicon Valley"
One epic addition you'll miss if you blink: People with golden parachutes jumping off of Twitter's logo. A "golden parachute" is when an executive has a cushy financial package to fall back on if they get ousted:
It will be fun to see whether the animations continue to change over the course of the season.
Sometimes being a parent is so tough that you take the good news where you can get it. And sometimes, if you step back and just let the good roll over you, you get inspired all over again to kick some serious hiney as a mom (or dad). That's what 13-year-old Abbey Watson and her powerlifting world records have done for me.
You read that right. Watson is a 13-year-old girl. She's still in middle school. She weighs in at 105 pounds. And she can pick up things that weigh more than me. But it's now how Abbey does it that has recharged my mom batteries. It's why.
Very simply: No one ever told her not to. As her coach, Jonathan Sabar, says:
I think the reason Abbey is lifting weight that surpasses adults is because she's never been told she can't do it.
Oh, thank goodness! Finally some affirmation for the power of being supportive parents. It works, it works. It really works! Just check this girl out!
I've got to say, the recent backlash against praising our kids, lest they develop too much self-esteem (apparently there is such a thing?), has really been killing my mom mojo. I am not trying to elevate my kid above everything else in this world, but as a human being, I know a little "hey, you know, you are just awesomesauce" can be the difference between an OK day and fantastic one. Heck, it can be the difference between an absolutely craptastic day and one that doesn't make you want to drown your sorrows in a pint of Ben & Jerry's.
We need more supportive parents, frankly, and stories like Abbey's to keep us going. The bevy of Oscar noms for the hit movie The Help has helped secure a place in the national lexicon for the empowering words of nanny Abileen to her charge. "You are kind, you are smart, you are important" may not be grammatically correct, but it's a perfect counterbalance to the naysayers.
When my kid comes to me, frustrated about something in life, I think it's better to tell her to try, try, try again instead of flushing her hopes and dreams down the toilet. Can she do everything? Probably not. But she definitely can't do anything if she doesn't at least try.
This is what I get from Abbey Watson's story. She walked into the gym with her dad as a sixth grader with no intention of lifting, but when she spied the weights, her dad said, "Why not?" And a star was born.
I'm going to try saying "why not" more from here on out. How about you?
Image via KUSA
If you're looking forward to Season 2 of Stranger Things yet are not seeped in '80s culture the way the show is, you have some homework. The Duffer Brothers have listed films for fans to watch.
Matt and Ross Duffer told Entertaiment Tonight's Leanne Aguilera at the 2017 Emmy Awards red carpet show that fans should devour these cultural touchstones: Ghostbusters, Gremlins, Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, Escape from New York, The Goonies, E.T., Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Alien, and Aliens.
As a child of the ‘80s, I have to agree. It's a great list, filled with my entire childhood.
That's not all they discussed, as you can see from CBS' stream starting at 49:20. Ross said, “Will Byers … is back but he's not doing so well. He's not feeling 100 percent. A lot of the season revolves around Will and his journey and what's going on with him, which is not good thing.”
As for Millie Bobbie Brown's character Eleven, Matt said, “I think her journey will surprise people … We reveal a lot more about her backstory and where she came from.” In addition, “She has hair.”
Stranger Things' season 2 will include appearances by Sean Astin and Paul Reiser. And Millie Bobby Brown's hair.
(via CBS)
The United States faces its highest threat from Islamist terrorists since 9/11 and much of that stems from those radicalized at home, according to the House Homeland Security Committee's December Terror Threat Snapshot released Tuesday.
What's more, the report said, the threat to the United States and Europe will persist in 2017.
Throughout 2016, ISIS conducted 62 attacks worldwide, injuring 732 people and killing 215 in several countries, including the United States, France, and Belgium.
“Make no mistake: we face a deadlier threat than ever before not only because our enemies have gotten savvier, but because we took the pressure off them,” House Homeland Security Chairman Michael McCaul, R-Texas, said in a statement on the report. “For eight years, the Obama Administration reluctantly played global whack-a-mole with terrorists rather than leaning into the fight with decisive leadership.”
According to the report, ISIS' shift in messaging from joining the jihad in Syria and Iraq to carrying out attacks in fighters' home countries is likely to accelerate the trend of at-home radicalization. At the same time, terrorists are also relying on refugee programs, porous borders, and well-known migration routes to gain access to various countries throughout the West.
According to the National Counterterrorism Center (NCTC), individuals with ties to terrorist groups in Syria are attempting to gain entry to the United States through the U.S. refugee program, which has resettled nearly 13,000 Syrian refugees across the nation this year.
The report also said American law enforcement and intelligence officials have repeatedly indicated that the United States lacks reliable and credible intelligence to properly vet and screen potential Syrian refugees, as well as the diligent vetting of all refugee populations.
As an example, the report cited a car and knife attack last week at Ohio State University by an 18-year-old Somali refugee, Abdul Razak Ali Artan, that left him dead and 11 injured.
“The attack last week at Ohio State University is further proof that our homeland remains in the crosshairs of Islamist terrorists,” McCaul said. “Groups like ISIS are radicalizing new operatives from within our borders, and just this week, their new spokesman called for more inspired attacks by supporters ‘all over the world'.”
Artan was not the only legal U.S. resident to pledge allegiance to ISIS in November 2016. On November 19, Mohamed Rafik Naji, a 37-year-old legal permanent resident from New York, was arrested for attempting to join ISIS, expressing his support for an ISIS attack similar to the one in Nice last summer. And on November 7, Aaron Travis Daniels, a 20-year-old U.S. citizen from Ohio, was arrested after attempting to travel to Libya to join ISIS. Daniels had expressed support for ISIS through social media and sent money to ISIS operatives overseas.
Authorities have arrested 115 individuals in the United States and charged 4 others in absentia in ISIS-linked cases since 2014, according to the Committee's report.
Also in 2016, the Obama administration transferred 48 prisoners from Guantanamo Bay in 2016, and according to the Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, at least 30 percent of all former Guantanamo Bay prisoners are known, or suspected, to have returned to terrorism and jihadist activity following their release. As of early December 2016, 59 prisoners remain in detention.
“The Trump Administration will inherit a generational struggle that has only gotten longer,” McCaul said. “But rest assured, we will work closely with them to turn the table on these fanatics.”
In order to explain how the createDelegate function works in the last post, we have to understand JavaScript closures and Function.apply(). To apply() method is the easiest subject to tackle, so we'll start there and work up.
Every function in JavaScript has a number of attached methods, including toString(), call(), and apply(). If it sounds odd to you that a function might have its own methods - then remember that every function in JavaScript is an object. Read this article for a refresher. You might also wonder what the difference is between a function and a method. I believe the descriptors 'function' and 'method' are just a JavaScript convention. Functions stand on their own (there is an alert() function, for example), while methods are functions inside an object's dictionary, and we invoke them through the object reference. Every JavaScript object has a toString() method, for example, and we can use the toString() method on a function object to see its source code:
function foo() { alert('x'); } alert(foo.toString());
Because functions are objects they can have their own properties and methods, and we can treat them like data. "Functions as data" is important to remember for the next post, too, but for now we'll focus on two of a function's methods: apply(), and its counterpart: call().
Let's start with the following code:
var x = 10; function f() { alert(this.x); } f();
Here we have a global function by the name of f(). f() uses the keyword to reference x, but notice we don't invoke the function through an instance of an object. So what object does this reference? this will reference the global object. The global object is where we defined the variable x. The above code does work and will show the value 10 in a dialog.
Both call() and apply() are methods we can use to assign the pointer for the duration of a method invocation. As an example, here is how we could use the call() method:
var x = 10; var o = { x: 15 }; function f() { alert(this.x); } f(); f.call(o);
The first invocation of f() will display the value of 10, because this references the global object. The second invocation (via the call method) however, will display the value 15. 15 is the value of the x property inside object o. The call() method invokes the function and uses its first parameter as the pointer inside the body of the function. In other words - we've told the runtime what object to reference as this while executing inside of function f().
Fiddling with the pointer might sound funny, even perverse, to C++, Java, and C# programmers. What's next? Dogs sleeping with cats? Working nVidia drivers for Windows Vista? It's all part of the fun that is ECMAScript.
We can also pass arguments to the target function via call():
var x = 10; var o = { x: 15 }; function f(message) { alert(message); alert(this.x); } f("invoking f"); f.call(o, "invoking f via call");
To apply() method is identical to call(), except apply() requires an array as the second parameter. The array represents the arguments for the target method.
var x = 10; var o = { x: 15 }; function f(message) { alert(message); alert(this.x); } f("invoking f"); f.apply(o, ["invoking f through apply"]);
To apply() method is useful because we can build a function like createDelegate (from the last post) that doesn't care about the signature of the target method. The function can use apply() to pass all additional arguments to the target method via an array. Are we getting close to a curry function?
var o = { x: 15 }; function f1(message1) { alert(message1 + this.x); } function f2(message1, message2) { alert(message1 + (this.x * this.x) + message2); } function g(object, func, args) { func.apply(object, args); } g(o, f1, ["the value of x = "]); g(o, f2, ["the value of x squared = ", ". Wow!"]);
The problem here is the awkward syntax. We are forcing the caller to stuff arguments into an array just so we call apply(). Fortunately, there is a way to make the syntax easier, but we have to introduce one more topic: the arguments identifier.
In JavaScript, every function essentially has a variable length argument list. The means we can pass 5 parameters to a function even if the function only uses one argument. The following runs without error and displays "H":
function f(message) { alert(message); } f("H", "e", "l", "l", "o");
If we did want to access the other arguments from inside f(), we can use the arguments keyword. arguments references an Arguments object, which has a length property and feels like an array.
function f(message) { // message param is the same as arguments[0] for(var i = 1; i < arguments.length; i++) { message += arguments[i]; } alert(message); } // this will say "Hello" f("H", "e", "l", "l", "o");
Just so you know, arguments is technically not an array, even if it walks and talks like one. arguments has a length property but no split, push, or pop methods. What we can do with arguments inside our previous g() function is copy the incoming arguments after arguments[1] into an array object that we pass to apply.
var o = { x: 15 }; function f(message1, message2) { alert(message1 + (this.x * this.x) + message2); } function g(object, func) { // arguments[0] == object // arguments[1] == func var args = []; // empty array // copy all other arguments we want to "pass through" for(var i = 2; i < arguments.length; i++) { args.push(arguments[i]); } func.apply(object, args); } g(o, f, "The value of x squared = ", ". Wow!");
When we invoke g(), we can pass additional arguments as parameters instead of stuffing the arguments into an array.
At this point, we have the theoretical knowledge needed to understand call and apply, but perhaps you are already asking a question: what if I don't want to immediately invoke the target function f()? What if I just want to arrange all the players in this little drama so that I can invoke f() at some later point (as an event handler, for example), but still have this referencing the desired object (whithout tracking the desired object myself). In an upcoming post, we'll see how to combine our Function.apply and arguments knowledge with the concept of nested functions and closures to answer this very question.
THE average car dealership made a profit of £3,800 in July, says ASE.
Figures from company show that despite the rise, profits were down £2,600 compared to July 2013.
ASE chairman Mike Jones said while these results are small in comparison to the quarter end results, they are likely to mark the end of the end of the significant growth seen in dealership return on sales performance.
He said: ‘In financial terms we have now seen the total dealership rolling 12 month profit broadly static for the past five months at around £225,000. This would appear to be the new “norm” for average dealer returns and we are likely to see a continued fall in the return on sales percentage as dealers process increased registrations whilst still making the same profit levels.
‘As expected, whilst used vehicle return on investment has increased slightly during the month, we have seen a rise in used car stand in values. This represents a combination of the disposal of low value vehicles traded in during June, the general rise in used vehicle prices and the increased volume of self registered vehicles. This is a trend we will be watching closely to ensure dealers' stock profiles aren't skewed too much towards self registrations.'
In aftersales, ASE says profits are ‘steady'.
Jones added: ‘August typically produces the largest loss of any month in the motor trade calendar and we will be watching the results closely to gain an insight into the extent which the current healthy registration levels are being forced with dealers counting the cost at a later date.'
An old Applebee's building in Cleveland Circle is being torn down to make way for a new project, according to Boston Restaurant Talk. Demolition of the shuttered restaurant began yesterday, and a tweet from the Boston Business Journal's David Harris showed the destruction site.
So long, Applebee's in Cleveland Circle. We hardly knew ye. pic.twitter.com/2xTzKzBkbD — David L. Harris (@davharris) March 7, 2016
Applebee's closed last June to make way for a project in the works that will span the site of the restaurant and the old Circle Cinema building. The development will include a 162-room hotel, plus 92 age-restricted apartments, as Curbed reported.
The development is also supposed to be home to two restaurants, but at the very least, one high-end restaurant. In renderings, this restaurant appears as "Cleveland Bistro," though no details on the name or cuisine of the proposed restaurant are yet available. The project could be complete by the end of 2017.
A key cabinet committee is set to consider a bill that would institute a death penalty for convicted terrorists.
The bill, proposed by Yisrael Beytenu MK Sharon Gal, would make it easier for military and district courts to sentence to death those convicted of murder with nationalist motives.
The Ministerial Committee for Legislation, which gives government support to bills being proposed in the Knesset, is slated to vote on the bill at its Sunday meeting. According to media reports and public statements from cabinet ministers, the bill already has the support of Justice Minister Ayelet Shaked, Agriculture Minister Uri Ariel, Culture Minister Miri Regev, Science Minister Danny Danon and Minister Ofir Akunis.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Since two members of the committee, Absorption Minister Ze'ev Elkin and Minorities Minister Gila Gamliel, will be out of the country Sunday, the 10-member panel is likely to see a majority in favor of the bill.
Last week, Jewish Home party leader Naftali Bennett voiced support for the bill.
“A murderous terrorist, such as the murderers of the Fogel family [in the West Bank settlement of Itamar in 2011], needs to know that he will end his life like he cuts down [the lives of others],” Bennett said on Facebook. “It's moral and it's right.”
While the bill tentatively has the support of Jewish Home's eight seats, and Yisrael Beytenu's six, it remains unclear whether Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's ruling Likud party, with its 30 lawmakers in the Knesset, will get behind the measure. According to Haaretz, Likud officials were still debating whether to support the bill, with Tourism Minister Yariv Levin among those said to be opposed.
The bill proposes that convicted terrorists can be sentenced to death with a simple majority of judges, rather than the unanimous decision required under current law.
In theory, capital punishment exists in Israel — for war crimes, crimes against humanity, genocide, treason and crimes against the Jewish people — but it has only been exercised once, with the execution of Nazi mastermind Adolf Eichmann in 1962.
The death penalty bill was a key election promise of Yisrael Beytenu leader Avigdor Liberman. Gal, the lawmaker who proposed the bill, said that the party had made a promise to voters, “and we're determined to make it happen. We must change the reality and eradicate terrorism,” he said.
“Death sentences will strengthen Israel's deterrence — it's moral and ethical to legislate it in order to save the lives of our citizens. It has broad support among the people — it's clear to everyone that it's a law that must pass,” he added.
While the bill may pass the ministerial committee with ease, but even if it gains the support of Likud, it will have a tougher time passing in the Knesset, where it will be resisted by much of the opposition and some coalition lawmakers, such as in the Kulanu party.
Whether it's called Google Chirp or Google Home, Google seems very likely to debut a new Amazon Echo rival when Google I/O kicks off on Wednesday.
The New York Times reported Tuesday that Google's voice-activated gizmo will be called Google Home, confirming an earlier report from Recode that Google would launch what it called “Google Chirp” at the I/O developer showcase in Mountain View.
Both reports basically state the same rumor: Google plans to launch a small home device, which Recode claims will be shaped roughly like Google's OnHub Wi-Fi router, that will incorporate Google's voice agent. In 2014, Google added hotword or “trigger word” support to Android phones, which allow them to listen for and respond to the “OK Google” command that would presumably be used to command Google Home.
Amazon's Echo device is a small cylinder that functions both as a loudspeaker as well as a microphone, reporting sports scores and crafting shopping lists, turning on an alarm clock and kitchen timer, and more, using Amazon's cloud-based digital assistant, known as Alexa. But the secret sauce is how well it integrates with Amazon's Amazon Prime services, playing back Prime music selections and audiobooks and ordering items from Amazon based upon your voice commands.
Google, of course, has all these capabilities and more. Google already has a robust list of requests for information as well as other commands that users can ask it to do, and it also has a number of services, including Google Play Music, that would almost certainly be integrated with a home device. Google even has slowly expanded its shopping service, Google Express, into more and more regions within the United States. That could help explain why Google has taken so long to roll out its Echo clone.
One question that developers may have for Google, though, is whether third-party apps will eventually be able to tap into the Google Home device via an API. All of the mainstream food-delivery apps run on the Android platform, for example, while the Echo allows you to order a pizza only from Dominos. On the other hand, Amazon does offer restaurant delivery service in San Francisco, Manhattan, San Diego, Chicago, Seattle, Los Angeles, Baltimore, Austin, and Portland, Ore., too. And the company has moved very quickly to enable third-party developers and service providers to make use of Alexa, although the results have been mixed. The Echo taps into services from Audible to Uber; allowing third-party service apps access to the API for Google Home could be a big boost for Google and app developers alike.
Neither Recode nor the Times reported a price for the Google device or a ship date. Amazon's Echo is priced at $180.
Why this matters: Whether you call them bots, agents, or digital assistants, the digital butler is one of the hottest tickets in the tech world. Amazon and now Google are trying to cement themselves as indispensable digital assistants that can fulfill your every wish at a word. Will Google charge a fee for such services? We'd suspect not, which may give Google an edge. Will consumers welcome a Google device the way they have the Echo? Or will they worry that Google has already gathered enough of their personal data? Will Apple and Microsoft follow suit with Siri and Cortana-powered devices? Time will tell.
When a public inquiry into the poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko reports its findings next week, it is widely expected that the Russian state will be held responsible.
But there will be less clarity about the motive for the murder. Why, after the former KGB and FSB agent had been in Britain for six years, was it so important to assassinate him with such apparent haste?
New evidence presented to the Litvinenko Justice Foundation in London suggests he could have been killed to prevent him from testifying about Vladimir Putin's links with Russian organised crime. A Spanish prosecutor says he had arranged to hear evidence from Litvinenko in November 2006 — a week after he drank a lethal dose of Polonium-210 in London.
Alexander Litvinenko inquiry: six things we've learned so far Read more
José Grinda González, who investigated Russian mafia activity in Spain, said he had decided to question Litvinenko after learning “from colleagues” that he had information about links between gangsters and senior members of the Russian government.
According to a book by investigative journalists Cruz Morcillo and Pablo Muños, Litvinenko had given this information to Spanish security agents at a secret meeting outside the country in July 2006. After returning to Madrid, the agents passed the claims on to a Spanish judge, Fernando Andreu, who issued a summons to question Litvinenko.
Late last year Grinda filed an indictment of the top mafia figures in Spain, which listed Russian state officials allegedly involved in their activities, among them current and former senior government ministers and top law enforcement officials.
The indictment also claimed to reveal wide business connections between the notorious Tambov crime family and billionaire members of the powerful Ozero cooperative founded by Putin. This group has been designated Putin's “inner circle” by US and EU authorities, who imposed sanctions on some of them in connection with Russia's actions in Ukraine.
Grinda said he had evidence from another Russian expatriate, a former Duma deputy and self-confessed member of the Tambov gang, Mikhail Monastyrsky.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Marina Litvinenko and her son Anatoly, outside the high court inquiry into her husband's death. Photograph: Carl Court/Getty Images
According to Monastyrsky, Putin and his associates' links with the mafia started in St Petersburg in the mid-1990s, when the soon-to-be president was deputy mayor. Later the gangsters moved to Spain, while Putin's entourage followed him to Moscow to take up senior positions. In April 2007, Monastyrsky was killed by a truck near Lyon, France, in what the local police ruled an accident.
The information obtained by the Spanish investigation was deemed so important that it was passed on to the US diplomats — and repeated in US diplomatic cables made public by Wikileaks. In one cable from US embassy in Madrid, Grinda was quoted as saying that he agreed with “the thesis made by Litvinenko” of the virtual merger of the Russian state and the mafia. Another cable refers to a meeting between Litvinenko and Spanish agents in May 2006.
At the London inquiry into his death, police testified that Litvinenko had cancelled a trip to Madrid from his hospital bed. It appeared at the time that the trip was part of his ongoing work for the British and Spanish secret services.
But the suggestion that he planned to meet prosecutors as an official witness places new importance on this trip that never took place.
It could explain why he was assassinated with such apparent haste, using amateur killers who were reckless and persistent. The two alleged assassins, Andrei Lugovoi and Dmitry Kovtun, initially missed their target and had to return to London three times before they finally succeeded in putting radioactive Polonium-210 in Litvinenko's tea at the Millennium hotel in Grosvenor Square, London.
How did the Kremlin find out about Litvinenko's plan to meet the Spanish prosecutor? His trips to Spain were a tight secret, known only to his wife and the closest of friends – but even they did not know the reason.
Yet, according to evidence given to the inquiry, Lugovoi was fully aware of Litvinenko's doings. In fact, the former agent was supposed to accompany Litvinenko in November and meet “his associates” in Madrid.
Lugovoi knew that Litvinenko was working against the Russian mafia in Spain – he said so himself in an interview immediately after the murder.
It is inconceivable that Litvinenko would have told Lugovoi what he was up to without the consent of his British and Spanish handlers. Thus, Lugovoi can be rightly called a double – or even triple – agent.
Apparently, his masters in Moscow preferred “burning” him to infiltrating him into the Spanish investigation. This adds credence to the theory that eliminating Litvinenko was a matter of utmost urgency for the Kremlin.
Litvinenko was one of the first Russian expatriates who tried to alert western policymakers to the criminality and corruption of the Putin regime. During his lifetime his voice was not heard.
While he lay dying in a London hospital, he addressed his alleged assassin with these words: “You may succeed in silencing one man but the howl of protest from around the world will reverberate, Mr Putin, in your ears for the rest of your life”. A decade later his prophecy has finally come true.
Alex Goldfarb is the president of the Litvinenko Justice Foundation in London. Anastasia Kirilenko is a Russian freelance journalist based in Paris
WASHINGTON -- Recently enacted legislation setting transportation policy for five years will make it easier to build the new rail tunnels under the Hudson River, Amtrak President Joseph Boardman said Tuesday.
Boardman told the Senate Commerce Committee's surface transportation subcommittee that the Gateway project is Amtrak's "top priority among a long list of major priorities."
The legislation sets aside $305 billion for roads, bridges, transit and railroads over five years, and makes changes to federal railroad loan programs that will enable Amtrak to get more funding for the tunnel and the replacement of the Portal Bridge over the Hackensack River.
Construction of the new tunnels will enable Amtrak to close and repair the existing Hudson River tunnels that were damaged by Hurricane Sandy.
Boardman said the new tunnel's environmental impact study is planned to begin in April, and a Gateway Development Corporation has been formed to build the project. Even so, Boardman said, "major federal funding is needed to advance the program."
He said the transportation bill "will allow us to create a pathway to financing it."
The federal government has agreed to pay half the cost of the project.
"We have begun to take on the challenge of bringing the Northeast Corridor toward a state of good repair," said U.S. Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.), the top Democrat on the subcommittee.
The measure earmarks $8 billion for Amtrak over the next five years and requires the railroad to spend profits earned along the Northeast Corridor to improve service between Washington and Boston rather than use them to subsidize money-losing routes elsewhere.
Jonathan D. Salant may be reached at jsalant@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JDSalant. Find NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
Answered by Shaykh Jamir Meah
Question: Assalamu alaykum
I am very much upset about my life right now, my kids, their education, my marital relation, my health. I have been a good person. I do admit my prayers were on and off. People are suggesting we are affected by black magic. I think it's punishment for not praying. How do I make it right?
Answer: In the Name of God, the Merciful and Compassionate
Thank you for sending in your question. As believers, when things don't go right in our lives, the two most important steps in correcting things is first to ensure that our faith is sound and strong, and secondly, to check that all aspects of our life are in order. As such, a firm believer will always have the correct etiquette with Allah during good and bad times, and be more likely to find solutions when life presents with difficulties and tests.
PUTTING THINGS INTO PERSPECTIVE
The relationship between good deeds and recompense
Our good deeds, and our being good human beings, are not a direct bartering system with God, in which an immediate exchange takes places between good deeds for an easy worldly life in return. On the other hand, Allah does not make the good deeds of any believer to be lost, as He Most High informs us that, ‘We shall not suffer to be lost the reward of anyone who does his (righteous) deeds in the most perfect manner' [18:30]. So the way to understand this relationship of good works and recompense is that, while Allah will answer the prayers of a sincere person, it will be in the way He wishes and when He wishes.
The Prophet (peace and blessing is upon him) informed us that Allah answers our supplications in three ways, ‘Either He will answer his Dua soon, or he will store it up for him in the Hereafter, or He will divert an equivalent evil away from him because of it.' [Musnad Ahmad]
Although the hadith specifically mentions supplication, the same applies for all our good works and good character, and how to expect the recompense and reward for them. We should understand that our time of doing good works is limited to this life, whereas Allah's rewarding us for those deeds are not constrained by time or place. All we need to do is roll up our sleeves and keep going, the result and payday to this struggling we leave to Allah.
We should also realise that our knowledge is limited whilst Allah's knowledge is unlimited. What we feel we may need or want now is constrained by our knowledge of only the present. Indeed, we cannot even know what will happen in a few seconds or minutes from now. Allah Most High knows everything as it was, as it is, and as it will be. Therefore, He is better to know what is right for us and when it is right for us.
Do not tire of good works
The Prophet (peace and blessing is upon him) said, ‘The supplication of every one of you is granted if he does not grow impatient and says: I supplicated but it was not granted.' [Muslim]. As we mentioned above, the same principle applies to any good works. Think of it like this, ‘The virtuous works, struggles, and good character of any of us will be rewarded so long as we do not grow impatient and say, I am doing this and that but God is not making my life easy and happy.'
Life is a Test vs Punishment
Allah sends us trials in life to test our faith. God tells us, ‘It is He who created death and life to test you as to which of you are best in deed, and He is the Almighty, the Forgiving.' [67:2]. The very best of creation, the Prophets (peace and blessings be upon them all), as well as the companions of those Prophets, were all tested greatly, and in ways greater than most of us suffer. Our beloved Prophet himself (peace and blessing upon him) and his family and companions endured severe hardship through the loss of their homes, livelihood, children and family, and many other tragedies and hardships.
The test is in being patient and grateful during these times, even if it is a lifetime. Tests are not only a chance to strengthen your faith, but are an expiation from sin. The Prophet said, ‘Trials will continue for the believing man and the believing woman, in person, property and children, until they meet Allah free from sin.' [al Tirmidhi].
We cannot say that someone is being punished for such and such action. Nor do we say that one's children are being punished for the parent's sins. Allah Most High tells us that, ‘And no burdened soul can bear another's burden.' [35:18]. Therefore, the only option is to realise that how we act, and how we are as individuals and as believers, has a direct effect on how things go in our lives and the effect our behaviour and actions (or lack of action) has on those around us.
PRIORITISING DUTIES
Worship
Imagine if an employee turns up to work whenever he felt like it, some days coming in, other days turning up late and going home early, whilst other day not turning up at all, perhaps a few days at a time. At the end of the month when he receives his wages, he gets a shock that he has not received his full wages! Even worse, he gets called into the boardroom and is fired on the spot! Does such a person have the right to be indignant or angry at his employers? Likewise, the observation of the prayer must be maintained, on time and each day. If we ‘don't turn up' to the prayer, then we are not in a position to turn around to our Lord, and complain that we're not getting our due.
The prayer is the most important part of our daily life and a sign of the believer. It is a major sin to intentionally miss an obligatory prayer, and this is something that is unfortunately taken too lightly. It is akin to committing major sins a few times every day, for years on end for some people. It is the first of the five pillars in our religion and without careful observation of it, both our life and next life are liable to ruin. The Prophet (peace and blessing is upon him) informed us that ‘The first matter that the slave will be brought to account for on the Day of Judgment is the prayer. If it is sound, then the rest of his deeds will be sound. And if it is bad, then the rest of his deeds will be bad.' [al Tabarani].
This is an important hadith. The most important aspect for us here are the words, ‘If it is sound, then the rest of his deeds will be sound.' Without the prayer being sound, meaning on time and with attentiveness and sincerity, all our other acts of obedience and goods will be deficient. Moreover, we cannot expect, nor should we be surprised or complain that our lives are in disarray, when the very essential pillars of our religion are not being upheld. We can only ask ourselves, in whose hands are our lives being left to ruin?
If we are missing prayers, we must also look at what other fundamental aspects and pillars of our religion are we neglecting or being deficient in. This is necessary to finding solutions to our worldly problems.
HOW TO MAKE THINGS RIGHT?
Below is a brief list of things you can do to ensure things are in order:
Start praying on time and do not miss any prayers. Likewise make sure that all your other obligations to God are fulfilled.
Ensure that you are fulfilling other people's rights, such as debts etc.
Make Tawba. Pray two rakats tawba from all your sins in general, and ideally specifically for neglecting prayers. See the following link for more information.
Be patient, and persistent in your supplication and good deeds. Do not give up and think God has abandoned you.
Give charity if possible. Many of life's problems on one's life are solved through giving sadaqah to the needy.
Make sure you are avoiding more overlooked sins such as back biting, tale bearing, and contempt for others.
Look at the worldly solutions to your problem. These include, home life and environment, diet and nutrition, television and negative influences, how one spends their time and money, and the choices you make.
MAGIC
While it's not impossible that black magic may be at work, it seems the case here is that it is not. Black magic, while real, is most often than not used as a scapegoat to avoid looking at ourselves, our own actions, and making a change. As you mentioned yourself, the answers lie closer to home and are of a more practical nature. Prioritise your life, correct your intentions, and be patient and steadfast. Insha'Allah you will find real solutions to the problems you are facing.
Warmest salams,
[Shaykh] Jamir Meah
Shaykh Jamir Meah grew up in Hampstead, London. In 2007 I travelled to Tarim, Yemen, where I spent nine years studying the Islamic sciences on a one-to-one basis under the foremost scholars of the Ribaat, Tarim, with my main specialization and focus on Shafi'i fiqh. In early 2016, I moved to Amman, Jordan, where I continue advanced study in a range of sciences, as well as teaching. Away from the Islamic sciences, I am a qualified Homeopath, and run a private clinic in Amman.
This piece was written in response to the conversation around the definition of “professional” theatre prompted by Jonathan Mandell's NewCrit piece, “Shows for Days.”
Hi. My name is Eli Keel. I do community theatre.
I grew up in a theatre family. My earliest memories are of falling asleep curled up in a theatre seat, listening to my mom, the director, give notes after a run.
My parents worked in a string of academic and community based theatres throughout my childhood—the Gingerbread Playhouse, Coffee High school's tiny drama program, Paducah Community College, the Youth Performing Arts School, and dozens of other companies and schools.
Sometimes they did theatre for money, sometimes they did it for love, and eventually all of my siblings and I ended up doing theatre, too.
And by God, whether we were getting paid or not, we considered ourselves professionals.
Our behavior, our standards, the way we were taught to always show up fifteen minutes early, always warm up, and always have pencil: this is what made us professionals.
I couldn't have described it then, but the word itself was a talisman. Professional. Sure, my mom taught English classes, my dad worked odd jobs between building sets, and it would no doubt take a team of detectives, a certified accountant, and a time machine to figure out if the majority of my parents' income over the years came from theatre. But the word meant something.
The social sciences have the phrase "achieved identity" to describe how people come to see themselves throughout their lives. Achieved identity is incredibly important to people, emotionally and psychologically.
I was not a professional. This tore away a fundamental part of my achieved identity. And it hurt like hell.
I do my best to respect others' achieved identity, and for actors, authors, and artists all over the world, "professional" is deeply rooted in how they see themselves.
But not me. Not anymore. Somewhere in my twenties I flaked out. In terms my parents would have used, I became "undependable," which in my house was the direst, most horrible thing you could say about a theatre person.
The exact journey is unimportant, but I quit doing theatre for about five years. I realized I was never going to be famous. I was never going to be rich. My relationship with rejection would probably keep me from even ever really making my money off theatre, or dance, or writing.
I was not a professional. This tore away a fundamental part of my achieved identity. And it hurt like hell.
In the absence of theatre, I became more interested in communities; social justice communities, business communities, the non profit community, and the child care community. I made my living doing other things.
One day I realized I missed doing theatre, and I started going to auditions again. But I didn't stress it too much.
Eli Keel as Richard, and Joe Hatfield as Tom in Peter Sinn Nachtrieb's Hunter Gatherers. Production by Theatre[502], photo by Bill Brymer.
I still do all the things my parents taught me were the hallmarks of a professional. I show up early, I warm up. I usually remember to bring a pencil.
But I'm not a professional.
I started writing again. I work hard, I turn in drafts, and my plays are getting produced around town.
But I'm not a professional.
Weirdly, I am now making much of my income as a theatre and cultural critic in my chosen town of Louisville, Kentucky. I'm getting some small paid theatre gigs, too. I'm making more money off theatre than I ever did as "a professional."
But I'm not a professional.
Somewhere in there I realized that the word "professional" had become toxic to me over the years. The amount of self-shaming I did for the money I was or wasn't making as a "professional" had contributed to a downward spiral, until, halfway through my junior year in a liberal arts college, I realized I was never going to be a professional and sat in the public stairwell of the Creative Arts Center for half an hour and cried.
And I do my best to respect the achieved identities of the theatre professionals around me. The word is still important to many of them. Sometimes they change it to “semi-professional,” and I hear students and academics call it “pre-professional.” “Pro-sumer” is a combination of “professional” and “consumer” that I suspect is really only used by advertisers. But if you wanna call yourself that, mazel tov.
This isn't about me criticizing people who self-identify in any of those ways. Happy creating to each of you.
But professional is a word that hurt me, and communities are the things that healed me.
Not for nothing, but we are living in an age when we get to choose our communities. I could be a sports fan, or a gamer, or build houses for Habitat for Humanity, or a zillion other things. But my real friends, my chosen family, my loved ones, they almost all do theatre. Many of them get paid. Many of them don't. The ones that don't make theatre are board members, boosters, donors, and most importantly, an audience.
That's my community.
If I continue to make money writing about theatre, or if I make more money as an actor, or if I start getting paid for my theatre writing, I will still proudly say:
My name is Eli Keel. I do community theatre.
There aren't that many official border crossings between Iraq and Saudi Arabia, but with an 850-km border, mostly just desolate desert scanned intermittently by cameras, there doesn't need to be.
It's becoming a concern for Saudi Arabia, as ISIS seizes the western portion of the border on the Iraqi side, and seems to be looking to expand across borders into any country they can.
The Saudi military has sent another 2,000 troops, 1,000 of them from the Army and another 1,000 national guardsmen to the border to reinforce in Arar, in the ISIS-hot area. They've tried to implement a 10-km deep “no go” area on their side of the border, and have vowed to take “all measures” to protect the country from ISIS.
The Saudi military has a lot of money and advanced equipment, but as with much of the region they don't have the combat experience ISIS does, which means whether they can actually hold the border if ISIS makes a concerted push is very much an open question.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Tavis Ormandy, a security researcher for Google, on Thursday posted a vulnerability report to the Full-Disclosure mailing list, which detailed a vulnerability in Windows XP and Windows Server 2003. Later versions of Windows are unaffected.
The flaw is in the Help and Support Center, a relic of the time when Microsoft was trying to make everything on the computer a browser app. Help, Control Panel, Windows Update, and other components were browser or browser-like apps. In order to access remote help, the Help and Support Center supports remote links to help to use hcp:// addresses.
Windows XP SP2 introduced a model whereby the program, when run with the /fromhcp parameter, runs in a special restricted mode where only links from addresses on a special whitelist can have privileged access. Ormandy's vulnerability is an implementation error that allows the whitelist to be bypassed. Read the FD posting if you want all the gory details, but the end result is arbitrary code execution from links on the Web.
Ormandy notified Microsoft about this bug on June 5, the Saturday before this last Patch Tuesday. Thursday afternoon the Microsoft Security Response Center responded with a blog entry, which criticized Ormandy for releasing the information without giving them a fair chance to evaluate it and provide a registry hack to remove all hcp support. That blocks the vulnerability as well as useful hcp links, such as those in the Control Panel.
Ormandy also created an unofficial hotfix of his own and linked to it from his post, but a Secunia analysis of the issue claims that the hotfix does not sufficiently address the problem.
If you run Windows XP (and that's your first mistake) you will be much better off following Microsoft's registry mitigation technique, although I think you could probably get away with renaming the key rather than deleting it. This should make it easier to undo when the patch is available.
Ormandy posted the vulnerability report using his personal e-mail and is probably acting in a private capacity, but don't expect Microsoft to see it that way. Microsoft's initial report on the bug referred to Ormandy as "a Google security researcher" and the tweet announcing it said that the "information on the Windows Help vulnerability [was] disclosed by Google."
People can have reasonable disagreements about the limits of full disclosure vs. "responsible" disclosure, but I doubt Google would take kindly to a Microsoft researcher blind-siding them like this. For Ormandy to expect turnaround like this during a heavy Patch Tuesday is not reasonable. In fact, even Ormandy may be reconsidering the wisdom of his move.
Originally posted on PCMag's Security Watch blog.
We know Fall is just beginning, but already holiday collections are beginning to land on our desks (even though we're still obsessing over Halloween makeup ideas). Of all the limited-edition palettes and sets, some of our favorites are from Japanese beauty brand Shu Uemura. Every gifting season, the company creates all-new products with gorgeous packaging. Last year, it was a cat-themed collaboration with Karl Lagerfeld's kitten, Choupette, front and center.
For 2015, Shu Uemura is teaming up with French fashion house Maison Kitsuné for an East-meets-West collection. Kitsuné is known for its chic womenswear and signature fox logo. In the special holiday collection you'll see signs of both Japanese and French culture. See if you can spot the cute croissants and the kimonos on the bottles ahead! And you can add them to your Christmas list since they just hit the web!
Disclaimer: This corset was bought with my own money and Ava Corsetry did not request a review.
I've owned luxury corsets that didn't really do any waist cinching (see my Agent Provocateur Jet and Verronika reviews), and I've owned a ‘proper' corset that I would definitely not describe as luxurious (see my Restyle Brocade Underbust review), but I have never owned a proper, luxury corset before. So it was all very exciting receiving my package from Ava Corsetry and trying it on for the first time!
I heard about the brand through Karolina Laskowska's website by the way, whose Ume and Erika styles are made by Danielle at Ava Corsetry. So those are options to get Ava Corsetry's construction with some more unique and eye-catching fabric choices. But onto the corset I actually bought, which is called the Audrey plunge overbust…
Appearance
The Audrey corset comes in a choice of black or red and, already owning a couple of black corsets, I opted for the red (which is more of a deep wine than the raspberry colour it looks in my photos).
It's simple and elegant, with the black velvet band emphasising the waist even more and the sparkling diamante ring adding a touch of glamour. It's sleek, chic and thanks to the black band and lacing details goes perfectly with any black lingerie or clothing!
Verdict: 8/10
Construction
Danielle hand-makes her corsets in Guernsey and I am really impressed with the construction! The corset features steel boning, a lining layer and strong metal eyelets, as all good corsets should, and a waist tape too for added durability there. It's made from a lovely, quality satin and has durable shoelace cord.
The velvet band is that kind of fabric that dust loves to stick to, as you can see in the close-up photo down below, but that's nothing a lint roller can't fix. Really, I have nothing but great things to say here – it is meticulously and expertly put together.
Verdict: 10/10
Fit
My natural waist size is 25″ and I bought a 20″ corset, which turned out to be the right choice as I can cinch it most of the way down (and I am by no means a ‘waist trainer'). The thing that struck me most about this corset was the shape it gives; without even tightening it below my natural waist size it already gives a curvier silhouette! It is also a perfect fit at the hips, despite the off-the-rack sizing.
The fit at the bust is so-so on me. According to the description, it fits from a C-F cup (which is a little meaningless without band sizes). I would say if you want to fill out the bust section completely you need to be at the upper end of that range, a 30FF/32F or so.
On me, as a 30E, the cups stand up and away from the body, like a less dramatic version of this Sparklewren corset. Which is not a bad thing – I think it looks quite nice, but it's something to bear in mind if you want a more form-fitting corset. You may prefer to buy the underbust version and wear it with a bra.
Overall though, an excellent fit and very, very comfortable. This is by far the most comfortable corset I've worn, despite being the one that reduces my waist the most. I can easily wear it the whole day long, even as a relative corseting newbie.
Verdict: 8/10
Durability
Ava Corsetry sends out an extensive list of care and washing tips with each corset, which is helpful if you are buying your first corset. Essentially, it's dry-clean only, but you can use a damp sponge to clean off any small marks in between.
I've worn this maybe 10 times now and it is in excellent condition – it only becomes more comfortable with wear, and there's absolutely no sign of straining at the waist or eyelets.
Verdict: 8/10
Value for Money
The Audrey overbust corset costs £227.40 (less 20% for international customers, but then you will need to pay your country's import duty rate). However I bought mine during a sample sale at a massive discount, £68.22, and it's possibly the best value-for-money lingerie I've ever bought.
Although at full price this isn't in my regular budget, especially as I don't wear corsets very often, I would absolutely consider buying another Ava Corsetry piece for a special occasion such as my wedding. The fit, comfort and construction is all worth it!
Verdict: 10/10
Would I recommend it?
Absolutely! The difference in comfort and waist-reduction between this and cheaper corsets (and, frankly, higher-priced ones from Agent Provocateur) is striking. If you're looking for a quality corset, the Ava Corsetry Audrey one is well worth the price.
Update 16/03/18: Just thought I'd come back and update this post with a couple of more recent images!
Have you ever bought anything from Ava Corsetry? What do you think of this design, the Audrey overbust?
Danbury company's breast cancer screening technology now covered by law
file photo Photo: / Bob Luckey Photo: / Bob Luckey Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Danbury company's breast cancer screening technology now covered by law 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
DANBURY - A new method of three-dimensional mammography developed by a Danbury company must now be covered by insurance under a law that went into effect this week.
The 3-D technology developed by Danbury-based Hologic can find up to 40 percent more invasive cancers than traditional scans, advocates said. The new state law, which went into effect on Jan. 1, was signed by Gov. Dannel Malloy in June.
Longtime state Rep. Bob Godfrey said the new law will save lives by giving women a greater chance to detect breast cancer early.
“This is an important measure for women's health, because (the technology) provides earlier detection and results in more successful treatment outcomes,” Godfrey said in a prepared statement.
“It is also important for economic development in Danbury,” Godfrey said. “(Hologic) employs over 300 people in high-tech, high-paying jobs in the sought-after bioscience industry.”
Jakarta. New Delhi. Beijing. Lagos. Bangkok. Those worldwide hubs conjure images of people crammed in traffic, honking their way through congested streets and crowded town centers.
But according to one recent study, none of those global cities has a traffic problem quite like Miami's.
According to data released Friday by the traffic-analytics company Inrix, Miami is the proud home of the world's tenth worst traffic congestion. According to Inrix, Miamians spent an average of 65 hours trapped in traffic at peak congestion times last year. American cities dominated the list: Los Angeles earned the proud distinction as the world's most congested city (L.A. residents spent 104 hours per person in peak-time traffic in 2016), followed by New York City at number three, San Francisco at number four, and Atlanta at number eight.
Stern does it. JJP does it. Dutch Pinball and Skit-B do it. And now Heighway Pinball does it too. From the very biggest to the newest to the boutiquiest, pinball makers of all sizes are planning new games with licenced themes.
But how much is known about the niche business of pinball licences? How easy are they to get? How much do they cost? And what makes a licence a good one?
To find out, Pavlov Pinball decided to ask an expert. And in the field of pinball licencing there's arguably only one person to talk to: Roger Sharpe, the pinball player, historian, author and designer who was licencing and marketing director at Williams Bally Midway. He continues to be involved in pinball licencing to this day through his own Chicago-based agency, Sharpe Communications.
So here's the first burning question that many people are asking: without going into the details of specific licences, how much does a pinball licence cost?
The bottom line, says Sharpe, is that at the very least it has to cover the licensor's costs: legal, approvals, asset acquisition as well as other business related costs. If it doesn't at least show some positive financial upside, then the whole thing is a non-starter. But if it does, then it's potentially game on.
“If you know the business then you can make a deal which is reasonable to both sides, one which doesn't make it unrealistic for the manufacturer to make a profit,” he says. “There may be guarantees, royalties – there are many ways to make deals that are fair to both sides.”
OK, but how about some real numbers. Some people have talked about per-machine licence payments of $100 to $500. How realistic are those figures?
Sharpe says they are definitely on the high side. “$100 per machine? I have never done a licence at that figure for a pinball machine,” he says. “The profit margins just don't make sense. All the licences I have done with pinball are for far less. I would find it hard to believe that either Stern or Jersey Jack would ever commit to spend $100 per game.”
But that may not be the case with some of the newer companies that have started up, he adds. “I have heard that some companies have spent triple digits (i.e. over $100 per machine) for a licence when they didn't need to. This is serious because they could end up pricing themselves out of the marketplace. Next time around, when they negotiate, the studio or agency will want the same as was paid previously and since it tends to be a very small world, working with a different licensor might not result in anything different because everyone knows everyone.”
Pinball machines have a certain sexiness which is unique
An obvious question to ask is the extent to which licence holders are interested in speaking to boutique pinball manufacturers at all. Wouldn't they rather deal with one of the industry heavyweights, such as Stern or Jersey Jack, which is likely to make thousands of machines rather than a company that may only plan to make a run of 200 or 250 units?
Not necessarily, says Sharpe. “Pinball is something of a speck on these company's balance sheets,” he points out. “Even back in the day, the amounts that were generated from pinball tended not to be as significant as the money earned from T-shirt sales or action figures. Those dollars really add up.”
So why do they bother licencing their brand to a pinball manufacturer at all if the big bucks are made selling clothing and toys?
This answer to this question is one we all know. It's because it's pinball, baby!
“Pinball machines have a certain sexiness which is unique,” says Sharpe. “There is a value to these companies in having a licenced pinball machine – it is an extra add-in to the ancillary promotional mix. The Walking Dead doesn't need to have a pinball machine, but having a pinball machine as part of that is kind of neat.”
Before granting a licence, the holder will want to know that the company is real and legitimate, and having someone such as himself involved can be vital in securing a deal, Sharpe says. As an example, he says that he helped Heighway Pinball get the Alien licence, despite the company having no product yet on the market. “I knew the people responsible for the Alien licence, and if wasn't for my involvement, I don't believe that Andrew would have been able to secure the licence and definitely at the rates I was able to negotiate,” he says.
A licence doesn't automatically give you credibility, just instantaneous recognition
When it comes to licencing themes to smaller pinball companies, do licence holders care whether a big name designer like Dennis Nordman may be involved in the development of the machine? Sharpe says generally not – although there are exceptions. “With Lucasfilm Licensing, they were really in to pinball, so they were very excited that Mark Ritchie was going to be working on the original Indiana Jones machine,” he says.
Given that a licence is going to cost money – there's no way around that – then what can a pinball company reasonably hope to gain from paying for one. “It provides a way to distinguish game X from game Y, and it gets you immediate recognition and attention, says Sharpe. “Look at Dutch Pinball with The Big Lebowski, and at the positive response Heighway Pinball received when it unveiled Alien.”
But he points out that a good licence doesn't guarantee success. “The licence gives you a semblance of credibility whether you are a new or an established company, but you still have to carry it through. A licence doesn't automatically give you credibility, just instantaneous recognition.”
And to follow through with a great game, you need to have a designer who is really in to the theme, Sharpe warns. “If the designer doesn't buy into it, it just doesn't work. But with Star Trek, No Fear and Terminator 2, Steve Ritchie just said ‘this is me.' And with Elvira, some people were hesitant about the title, but Dennis Nordman loved the idea, and so did Greg Freres. The success of both games proved that the right team could create something wonderful.”
(The story with The Addams Family was slightly different, Sharpe recounts, and Pat Lawlor was initially hesitant about the licence. “It was only when I was able to get Pat the script as well as all the key talent and other assets that he felt comfortable even to proceed and the results were record breaking for pinball,” he says.)
In terms of the actual theme, Sharpe says you have to look at whether it is timeless, or whether – in the case of most feature films, you can ride the coattails of the success that it potentially has before interest falls away.
“You also have to look at a variety of other factors such as whom the player base will be,” he explains. “Is the purpose to build a small quantity of games for collectors and enthusiasts or to tap in to commercial operations? If so then the licence needs to be more universal.”
So what about the great Harry Potter question? That would seem to be an ideal licence for almost any pinball company, but rumour has it that the author will never allow a Harry Potter pinball machine. Is that the case?
“J.K. Rowling doesn't want a pinball machine at the moment. The category is not one she wants to happen,” says Sharpe.
But there's possible good news for Potter fans.”I am first in line for the licence, and I am waiting for when the timing is right,” he says. “When it is I will see if a particular manufacturer will step up – or I might like to do it myself.”
Most licences are for feature films, TV shows, musicians and bands, cartoon figures, sports or sportsmen, and even the odd car or game (think Monopoly). Does Sharpe see any new avenues for licencing?
For example, in the '70s Game Plan released two games based on products. One was a Real cigarette brand-themed cocktail table pinball and the other was based on Black Velvet whiskey. And while at Williams Bally Midway, Sharpe looked at making a Budweiser themed machine, though that never got off the ground. So is there any chance that we might see pinball machines with consumer brands (although probably not cigarette brands) in the future?
“Are there other categories of properties that might be suitable? Absolutely,” he says. “We have seen fashion designers tied in with automobiles and a range of other products themed to numerous types of products, so nothing should ever be considered off limits…”
A Victoria Beckham pinball machine? Perish the thought.
Pavlov Pinball related article: Does pinball licencing work?
Feature photo by Rebekah Esme
Money photo by Cooperweb
Elvira photo by pinmonkeypress
Sharpshooter photo by Martin Wiest
The Walking Dead photo: Stern Pinball Inc.
In the current scenario, Information is everything. Whether, it is in the form of digital or physical. In this digital revolution world, Information is transferred from one system to another in the form of 0's and 1's or you can say in Binary form. The wireless medium of transmission is so popular that more than 90% people in the world use it in on a daily basis. Therefore, It is necessary to secure the information from intruders and the crackers which are present in each and every corner of the internet.
Therefore, you can't ignore the power of this type of transmission which is nothing but “The Internet”. The Internet is a network of networks. It is a network of the interconnected system which is connected globally. In this post, I will explore the hidden secrets behind the virtual world so that you can protect your websites from hackers hosted on WordPress platform.
“WordPress” is an open and free Content Management System (CMS). It was used by more than top 10 million websites as of April 2016. Now you can analyze from the fact that how much popular a WordPress platform is!!!
Things you can do in order to prevent your WordPress website from intruders.
1. D Dos Prevention.
D Dos (Distributed denial of service) is an attack in which intruder tries their best to slow your website server by hitting your website multiple times. Gone the days when you have to hire an Internet Security Specialist just to protect D Dos Attack. Now, WordPress has a facility named “All in One Wp Security and Firewall”. Now it is not easy for hackers to crack your web servers.
It is a very easy, well to use so that Admin of websites can easily integrate this plugin. It is a firewall having three types of setting
Basic Intermediate Advanced
You can easily apply this rules and it is 100% free to use.
Features of All in One Wp Security and Firewall
Security of User Accounts. Security of Login Account. Security of User Registration. Security of Database. Security of File System. Blacklist, firewall brute force mechanism and much more like this.
2. How to stop XSS Attack.
XSS as its name suggests “Cross-Site Scripting”. Previous versions of WordPress were vulnerable to this type of attack which was very hard to recover. In this type of attack, a malicious script is inserted into user website to extract the private information of users such as Admin user password, important file information etc. With the help of some plugins you can secure your WordPress website. Some of them are
A. Ninja Firewall
It is a web application for your WordPress website. It rejects the malicious script automatically. Just install it and see the difference.
B. Word Fence.
It will secure your website by implementing two-factor authentication. It will scan all possible brute force attacks and their signature such as R75, WSO etc.
C. Bulletproof Security.
It is a plugin used to protect your WordPress website from CSRF, XSS, and SQL Injections etc.
Design stunning WordPress websites with TemplateToaster website builder Download Now
3. MITM Prevention.
It is the most popular attack named “Man in the Middle”. It is a popular attack because anyone who is in the range of your wireless transmission medium can perform this type of attack and can easily decode the encoding of your useful information such as Admin password, important files etc. It is just like that a third person is listening to the information of two parties intentionally and storing their secret information in his brain.
Best way to stop MITM in WordPress is to implement “Two-factor Authentication”
So, what does this term denotes?
Two-factor Authentication
It is a popular technology which was patented in 1984. You don't need to go deep dive in this term. Just install the plugin named “WordPress 2-Step verification” which will add a layer of extra security to your WordPress account. It is as similar as Google 2-step verification mechanism. In this mechanism in addition to username and password, a 6 six-digit code is generated by the plugin and sent to your registered phone, email etc. Just add this code to your login id and you are done.
4. SQL Injection Prevention.
SQL injection is a technique implemented by crackers to explore the back-end system through database SQL commands. Now it is a tough task for a cracker to explore the back end system. A most powerful plug in named “Injection guard” can stop the attacks in seconds. It will block all irrelevant and unauthorized requests with the help of query strings.
Another popular SQL injection plugin is “WP Security Pro”.
With the help of this plugin, you can secure your WordPress account by implementing Login protection, the limit on login activities and their tracking. Blacklisting and white list of IP address (Most important features) DDos prevention. Brute force attack prevention. Tracking of live traffic. IP Address Range blocking (But it comes in premium versions only.)
Brute force Attacks.
It is just like a trial and error method to extract the useful information of the users such as passwords, pins etc. It is very dangerous when used by using software. As we are human we have a limitation, but robots don't have. Robots can use hit and trial mechanism 24 hrs a day. There is no need to worry if you are using WordPress platform.
Mentioned below are the plugin used to stop brute force
Brute force login Protection.
It is a very popular plug in if you want to secure your website from brute force attacks using .htaccess.
Features of this plugin
It informs the user about the remaining limit of login. Blocked users can see a custom message generated by this plugin. When an Internet Protocol address has been blocked by the plugin, it immediately informs the Email administrator. It maintains a trusted IP address lists.
Conclusion
In the 21st century, data is the heart and soul of communication medium. Hackers are everywhere just like criminals are everywhere. In order to protect yourself and to create a healthy workstation, you need to become aware and implement as much security features as possible. The Internet has a plethora of information. You can check each and every point of the security feature of which you are going to install and implement on your WordPress website. But sometimes a situation comes in which an admin is not aware of the security policies and the research mechanism. Now in this point, you must contact and Internet Security Specialists to protect your account and restore the credentials if hacked.
If you are facing this situation each and every time then please contact Cyber Law Specialists such as engineer who have completed a degree in law or even Internet lawyer who have Certification in information security and have a proven track record to solve your problem and have the knowledge to tackle your case. WordPress is an SEO friendly platform. Use it wisely and you will receive the best results in your WordPress journey. At last Be aware, Be safe.
Ask just about anyone to name three things about German culture and odds are good that beer will make the list. Which is to be expected given the fact that these are the same Europeans who created Oktoberfest—essentially the world's largest celebration of the drink. Not to mention that apart from Denver or maybe Plzeň, few cities work as hard as Munich does to promote local beer. Case in point: Hofbräuhaus, an institution for more than 400 years. In other words, beer is more than just another example of a cultural touchstone; for Germans, beer is their apple pie.
But Rheinland isn't the only place to go for a few steins of amber ale or golden lager. Far from it. Just as there are dozens of German Christmas markets outside of Germany, so too had the traditional beer hall been exported around the world. Anywhere you travel today, beer in all of its many varieties is a popular drink. It's meant to be consumed in groups, and groups —especially big ones—require more than just a keg or two. Enter the beer hall. Bigger than a pub and more boisterous than a restaurant, the beer hall is a global phenomenon enjoyed by imbibers from the Baltic Sea to the Gulf of Thailand. So the challenge isn't necessarily finding a beer hall, but rather deciding on which one to visit. Here are some of the best outside of Germany.
Radegast Hall & Biergarten – Brooklyn, New York
At the end of the 19th century, New York was awash in breweries—businesses typically owned by German immigrants. Today it only has a handful, but German styles remain as easy to come by as they were over a century ago. This is thanks to a number of newer bars serving weissbiers, schwarzbiers, and altbiers; so many that you'd be forgiven for expecting to find Little Bavaria on a map of Gotham City. A sprawling space on the corner of North 3rd and Berry Street in Williamsburg, Radegast is one such newcomer. But with nine German beers on tap and many more in bottles, this beer hall makes no attempt to disguise its dedication to the Old Country.
>> For more on where to drink in NYC, check out our New York Travel Guide.
Kunstmann Cervecería – Valdivia, Chile
Valdivia, Chile might seem like a long way from Hallertau, the world's largest hop-growing region in southern Germany, but you wouldn't know it from tasting the beers here. Sure, the honey beer is somewhat atypical for a family brewery with German roots, but their dark, full-bodied bock and their copper-colored weissbier would fit right in alongside European cousins. Kuntsmann does export their products, but the cervecería outside of town is still the best place to sample their suds. They also sponsor an annual bierfest (or fiesta de la cerveza) that includes music, dancing, a beer-drinking contest, as well as the crowning of a Beer King and Queen.
>> Check here for cheap flights to Chile.
Bier Halle – Glasgow, Scotland
No stranger to beer itself, Scotland is famous for rich, malty ales—drinks that offer a bit of protection from colder nights in the Highlands. On Gordon Street in Scotland's largest city however, Bier Halle chooses to serve pints of Furstenberg, Weihenstephan Weisse, and Paulaner München instead of “the same limited choice of beers” available elsewhere in Glasgow. As further proof of their source of inspiration, they also offer bratwurst (free before 9pm if you order a jug of draft beer), and currywurst, one of Germany's most popular fast foods. The large beer selection at this subterranean space makes it a popular draw, so arrive early to grab a bench.
>> To plan your trip, head over to our Scotland Travel Guide.
Beer House – Tallinn, Estonia
As one of the current European Capitals of Culture, Tallinn is certain to see a spike in the number of visitors it gets in 2011. Taking in the myriad sights and sounds of the Estonian capital can be thirsty work, however, which is why it's lucky that Beer House opened several years ago in the Old Town. Ranging from a summery, light helles to a deep brown dunkel made with coffeemalt, the six of the seven beers brewed by Eve Toomela are all German in character. Overall, the microbrewery maintains a traditional appearance too, with rustic iron chandeliers and wooden furniture, although a few tables do have one modern innovation: their own beer taps.
Paulaner's Bräuhaus – Cape Town, South Africa
One of 15 beer halls Paulaner owns and operates outside of Germany, the Cape Town location is a particularly scenic spot to enjoy a mug of an unfiltered Münchner or Maibock. And with a German-trained brewmaster on staff, Paulaner's Bräuhaus might also be one of the best places to get these styles outside of Bavaria. Annual events like Salvatorfest and Oktoberfest bring the crowds, but hearty food and beer produced according to the specification of one of Germany's largest breweries make it a worthwhile destination year round. Order a plate of Nuremberg sausages with your beer and enjoy views of the harbor from the Victoria & Albert Waterfront.
>> Find more things to see and do in Cape Town on our South Africa Travel Guide.
Tawandang German Brewery – Bangkok, Thailand
With an exterior that resembles an enormous barrel, it's hard to miss Tawandang German Brewery on Rama 3 in downtown Bangkok. And with three very good signature beers (lager, weissen, and dunkel) made on the premises, it's also hard to compare to the average Thai watering hole offering the same parade of taste-alike lagers. Served with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut, Tawandang's Deep Fried Pork Knuckle might be its “most illustrious dish,” but the yeasty weissen pairs nicely with seafood entrees while the dunkel holds up well against some of their spicier Thai options. Live entertainment nightly means reservations are usually a good idea.
>> Search for cheap flights to Bangkok and plan your trip with our Thailand Travel Guide.
Sapporo Beer Garden – Hokkaido, Japan
After learning his trade in Germany, Japanese brewmaster Seibei Nakagawa began selling Sapporo lager in 1877, becoming the country's first commercial brewer. Today Sapporo is an international brand, although many of their beers aren't shipped abroad. Which means that the only way to try the slightly sweet, golden yellow Sapporo Classic is to make a trip to Hokkaido. Upon arriving at the enormous (and eponymous) Beer Garden, you'll be encouraged to drink your fill and eat mountains of mutton at the Genghis Khan Buffet. While there, combine a visit to this former factory-turned beer hall with a free tour of Sapporo's small beer museum nearby.
>> Now, check out seven simple ways you can help earthquake and tsunami victims in Japan, and then read about ways to save money on your next trip to Japan.
Löwenbräu Keller – Sydney, Australia
In spite of Australia's strong ties with British culture, a taste of authentic German beer is not as hard to come by here as you might imagine. So for a somewhat kitschy dose of Bavaria Down Under, head to Sydney's Löwenbräu Keller. Start with a half liter of Hofbräu Original (yes, that Hofbräu) to slowly taste your way through German brewing history. Next, order a glass of the Franziskaner Hefe-Weissbier Dunkel, a creamy, tawny-colored wheat beer with a sweet finish. Or, if you can't decide where to start, go with a bier flight of three different styles. Avoid a headache the next day by soaking up the alcohol with a salty soft pretzel or a serving of spätzle.
>> Look for cheap flights to Australia and plan your trip Down Under with our Australia Travel Guide.
To continue your education in all things German and beer-related, check out:
Where are your favorite places in the world to raise a glass?
Photos by: wallyg, sejanc, pviojoenchile, red5standingby, wrathdelivery, Ben Keene, mujitra, kara brugman
Whilst we are not, barring a miracle, going to hit our funding target - we'd like to take a moment to say 'thank you' to each and every one of our backers! Every pledge we've received has been a massive encouragement for the project and though we didn't achieve what we wanted to achieve with this fundraising campaign, we're incredibly grateful for the support we've received and the lessons we've learned along the way (which have been many).
For those wondering, GeneRally 2 will continue in development. Funding via Kickstarter would have enabled us to decrease time-to-launch, provide the selection of perks, and also provide the free upgrade to GeneRally 1. Ultimately, for us, GeneRally 2 is a labour of love and one we don't plan on giving up on easily!
Going forward, we will be updating the GeneRally Website and Developer Blog with more information about the project, how we're now going to be raising the funds for development (in light of this campaign), and how you can get your hands on some of the perks we've shown here!
We'll be entering alpha testing soon, and we hope to be able to get the community heavily involved in this process, to help us shape GeneRally 2 into the best sequel possible! We have a wealth of improvements on the horizon, including a completely reworked suspension system (bringing the feel closer again to GeneRally 1) and some significant improvements to performance.
For now, once again, thank you for your support. Please do consider following us on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ (if you aren't already), to keep up to date with GeneRally 2 news as and when it happens.
-- James, Markku & Kimmo
Buying an electric shaver can be difficult to do at times. One of the biggest questions asked is this: Is the Braun Series 7 still recommended? As you can imagine, there are a lot of choices out there.
Reasons for getting an e shaver can vary. Some people need to get one to tame down their beard or five o'clock shadow. This is when having some tips will make it very easy for people to tame their beard because they have finally purchased the electric shaver for their needs.
Corded or cordless is a great question for people to ask. When people look at this they will often find the cordless is a great option as long as they remember to charge it. Just by asking this question it will make it easier for people to know where they are going to shave at, but also know what to have available to use the shaver.
Brand of the shaver is another consideration for people to make. With quite a few of the shavers on the market they will come from a brand that has been proven as reliable as Braun, but other times it can be a brand people are not familiar with. So people need to make sure they are aware of the brand of shaver they are getting to guarantee it will work for their faces needs.
Shaving style is another thing for people to consider when they are buying a razor. Some razors will use a circular pattern, but others are going to use the foil and shave like a traditional razor would do.
When people are looking to buy a new razor they may find it is a lot more difficult than what they thought it would be. This is why it's always recommend to visit the best electronic razor blog for more information.
Since that is the case some people will avoid buying an electric razor, but those who find the proper resources will have a better experience. By using these tips it will be easier for people to get the best razor on the market, which is the new model from Braun. You can watch the Braun Series 9 review and decide for yourself.
Panic over North Korea is about television ratings and maintaining a perpetual state of fear. Don't fall for it
Holy guacamole. Have you seen Twitter lately? We can't even find the latest drug-induced Louise Mensch outbursts in our "feed" — they've all been buried by a never-ending avalanche of 140-character hyperventilations about impending war with North Korea.
I have good news and bad news. Breaking from tradition: The good news first.
Accurate.
We're not going to war with North Korea. I say "we" because it doesn't matter what your nationality is — American, German, Eskimo — whatever invented power structure that makes you pay taxes is not going to "strike" North Korea.
And some more good news: North Korea is not going to "strike" anyone, preemptively or otherwise.
I hate to generalize so forgive me in advance, but during my short time on Earth I've noticed a familiar pattern: People ignore the real, everyday miseries that make life unbearable, like America's 20% child poverty rate, while delighting in every opportunity to stroke-out about abstractions and conjectures. Maybe it's a coping mechanism? Or maybe it's just more exciting to get swept away by visions of nuclear holocaust, as opposed to doing something with tangible benefits, such as reading a book or pruning your azaleas.
Yes, we've seen the "reports". China says war can come at any moment! Japan's Anime army is on high alert! A navy fleet is on its way (has already arrived?) to take up position off the coast of the Korean Peninsula.
And most concerning of all: Trump has already launched a salvo of provocative tweets. At least they're cheaper and more effective than anything Raytheon produces, right?
But allow me to repeat myself: We're not going to war with North Korea. And if you think we are, you're being played like a harp.
Now for the bad news: Governments, media, and other useless cartels of human scum are trying to whip you into a frenzy. Probably because it's good for television ratings and keeps many millions of people in a perpetual state of fear and anxiety. It's way easier to explain to the wage slaves why their children are malnourished if they're too afraid to care or make a fuss about it.
I'm not supposed to do this, but I'll let you in on a little industry secret: The media loves to scare the shit out of people. We love it! It's what we do best. It doesn't help anyone or anything, it often times creates a bogus sense of inevitability and doom, and it's great for ad revenue.
Don't fall for it. Turn off your iPhone 666 and go for a walk.
When was the last time you took your poor, diabetic dog for a walk? Put a leash on Fluffy and treat him to an ice cream cone. And make sure to get one for yourself, too — you've been awfully hard on yourself lately.
The internet is a powerful tool. But like any powerful tool, it can empower you, or make your life miserable.
You should of course read Russia Insider as often as humanly possible, and click on all of our annoying ads, but does anyone need to spend hours every day in a urine-stained corner, tweeting frantically about the End Times? Only if you're Louise Mensch or a member of her Al Nusra Twitter Front.
We are all human and we are all incredibly vulnerable and easy to manipulate. But as the great Kenneth Clark once said: Have confidence.
As Ken puts it:
At this point I reveal myself in my true colours, as a stick-in-the-mud. I hold a number of beliefs that have been repudiated by the liveliest intellects of our time. I believe that order is better than chaos, creation better than destruction. I prefer gentleness to violence, forgiveness to vendetta. On the whole I think that knowledge is preferable to ignorance, and I am sure that human sympathy is more valuable than ideology. I believe that in spite of the recent triumphs of science, men haven't changed much in the last two thousand years; and in consequence we must still try to learn from history. History is ourselves. I also hold one or two beliefs that are more difficult to put shortly. For example, I believe in courtesy, the ritual by which we avoid hurting other people's feelings by satisfying our own egos. And I think we should remember that we are part of a great whole. Which, for convenience, we call nature. All living things are our brothers and sisters. Above all, I believe in the God-given genius of certain individuals, and I value a society that makes their existence possible. Western civilization has been a series of rebirths. Surely this should give us confidence in ourselves. It's lack of confidence, more than anything else, that kills a civilization. We can destroy ourselves by cynicism and disillusion just as effectively as by bombs.
Have a peaceful, relaxing weekend. And don't forget to walk Fluffy.
National Review columnist and prominent political commentator Charles C.W. Cooke argues that a constitutional amendment to overturn the Supreme Court's widely despised 2005 ruling in Kelo v. City of New London might attract broad bipartisan support. Unlike most amendments proposed in recent years, its appeal would not be limited to just one side of the political spectrum.
Susette Kelo's famous “little pink house,” whose condemnation was upheld by the Supreme Court.
Kelo ruled that the Constitution allowed the government to take private property from one private owner and give it to another simply on the theory that the new owner might promote more “economic development.” Such condemnations often inflict great harm on poor, minority, and politically weak property owners, and also routinely tend to destroy more economic value than they create. In the Kelo case itself, the condemned property remains empty to this day, used mainly by a colony of feral cats.
I. Why an anti-Kelo Amendment Effort Might Succeed.
As described much more fully in my recent book about the case, Kelo generated a massive political reaction that cut across partisan, ideological, racial, and other divides. This was a rare case where Rush Limbaugh, the NAACP, Jane Jacobs, the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, Ralph Nader, and even socialist Bernie Sanders were all on the same side. Conservatives and libertarians opposed the ruling because it endangers private property rights, while many on the left did so because economic development takings often victimize the poor and racial minorities.
Polls showed that over 80 percent of the public opposed the decision, and this level of opposition to economic development takings persisted even in surveys taken several years later, which indicates that it was not solely the result of an immediate emotional reaction to the ruling.
This widespread, cross-ideological opposition suggests that a constitutional amendment reversing Kelo might have a real chance of getting the supermajority support needed to pass. If all those who opposed Kelo support the amendment, it would likely prevail.
In the aftermath of Kelo, 45 states passed eminent domain reform laws, but many of them only pretended to ban Kelo-like takings, without actually doing so. A constitutional amendment could potentially overcome this shortfall. Unlike conventional legislative reforms, it could not be revised into ineffectiveness by state legislatures. They would have to ratify or vote it down, as is.
Any amendment effort would still face some daunting obstacles. In order to get off the ground, it would need strong organizational support and resources. And that support would have to be bipartisan and cross-ideological from early on. An amendment that is seen as an exclusively right-wing or left-wing effort is likely doomed to failure. The cross-ideological coalition behind the amendment would have to hold together through what will surely be a prolonged struggle. Securing the necessary two-thirds majorities in both houses of Congress, followed by ratification in thirty-eight state legislatures will not be either quick or easy.
In addition, the amendment would have to overcome opposition from some well-organized interest groups, such as some state and local planning officials, and politically influential business interests who benefit from economic development takings. The latter include developers such as Donald Trump, whose record of eminent domain abuse and recent comments on the subject have attracted new attention to the issue.
Even a well-organized amendment effort might well still fail. But a serious push that narrowly falls short of the mark might still help promote the cause of property rights by focusing new attention on the issue, and leading judges and legislators to rethink public use. In the 1970s and 1980s, the effort to pass the Equal Rights Amendment ultimately fell short. But historians and legal scholars argue that this near-miss helped stimulate other efforts to curb sex discrimination. The national ERA movement also inspired numerous states to add Equal Rights Amendments to their state constitutions. A federal anti-Kelo amendment might stimulate additional efforts to amend state constitutions along similar lines, building on the prior success of post-Kelo referendum initiatives in several states.
It is quite possible that the Supreme Court will eventually overrule Kelo without the need for any amendment. But the Court might be more willing to act if key swing justices see that there is a strong movement seeking to overturn Kelo through the amendment process. In the 1970s, the groundswell of support for the Equal Rights Amendment may have influenced the Court to use the Fourteenth Amendment to crack down on sex discrimination in a way it had never done before.
II. A Tentative Proposal.
As Cooke notes, I drafted a proposed amendment to overturn Kelo back in 2011, which I was working on my book. Cooke himself came up with a similar idea independently, and contacted me while doing research for his article.
I tentatively called my 2011 proposal the Property Rights Amendment. At that time, I did not pursue the idea, in part because I did not have the influence and resources needed to get it off the ground. But perhaps others will be able to accomplish what I could not.
Here is the wording I drafted for the amendment:
Section 1: Private property may not be taken by the United States or by any State except for a public use. Section 2: For purposes of this amendment, a public use exists only if the condemned property is transferred to government ownership and control, if the general public has a legal right to access or utilize the property, or if the condemning authority proves by clear and convincing evidence that the use of eminent domain is necessary to eliminate a substantial threat to public health or safety. Section 3: This amendment applies only to condemnations filed on or after the date of ratification.
Section 1 is mostly self-explanatory. It restates in clearer terms the Fifth Amendment's requirement that the government may only take property for a public use. This version forecloses the argument (advanced by a few legal scholars, but never accepted by the courts) that the Fifth Amendment should be read merely to require that takings for public use get compensation, while takings for private use are not restricted at all.
The purpose of Section 2 is to forbid economic development takings like the one that occurred in Kelo, without categorically banning blight takings. In my view, the latter should also be forbidden, and are contrary to the text and original meaning of the Public Use Clause of the Fifth Amendment. But I do not believe that an amendment banning blight takings could get the supermajority support necessary for ratification. However, Section 2 would limit blight condemnations to areas that are genuinely dilapidated and pose a threat to public health or safety, and would therefore invalidate various current state laws that define blight so broadly that almost any area can be declared blighted and condemned.
Section 3 prevents the amendment from having retroactive application. Stopping existing condemnation projects might cause costly disruption, and might also make it more difficult to get the amendment passed.
If the movement to adopt an anti-Kelo amendment gets off the ground, the above language might well be revised in various ways. It is intended to begin the discussion, not definitively resolve it. A successful amendment must contain language that would impose serious constraints on eminent domain, but also be broadly acceptable to key constituencies across the political spectrum. It could be that those ends are best accomplished by wording that differs from my draft. But I believe that the draft at least captures the broad outlines of what such an amendment would look like.
It is too early to say for sure whether a constitutional amendment is the right strategy for those who want to strengthen protection for property rights against eminent domain abuse. But it is an approach that at least deserves serious consideration. Hopefully, Cooke's column will be the beginning of a valuable discussion. In the best-case scenario, he might even go down in history as the originator of one of the few successful efforts to amend the Constitution.
UPDATE: Leading constitutional law scholar John McGinnis has written a thoughtful post supporting this amendment idea.
Diamond Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 9882 Posts Last Edited: 2013-05-08 19:33:00 #1
http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/ESV_Mapmaking_Team
The ESV Map Team has been quiet lately, but today I am very proud to announce our newest member, Justin "NewSunshine" Miller!
NewSunshine has been one of the top mappers ESV has been scouting for a long time, and with HotS out and TLMC 2 around the corner, I decided we could not go any longer without adding such a talented mapper to the team.
I plan to add more mappers in the future, and as always will be keeping our eye on the up and coming talent! With NewSunshine joining our other talented mappers, I have no doubts he will help raise the level of the maps for all ESV members, and in turn we can also help him become the best mapper he could be!
I am so happy to annouce this, and hope everyone welcomes NewSunshine to his new home! I would also like to thank DreamForge for being so professional and understanding of our desire to add NewSunshine, and work out everything for the smoothest transition possible.
I asked NewSunshine about why he joined ESV and he had this to say to all the fans:
I'm joining ESV to push myself. My goal is to become the best mapmaker on TeamLiquid, and between the strong minds already a part of ESV, and the higher standard set upon me by this new opportunity, this feels like a solid step towards that goal. I have nothing but respect for my former teammates, that should go without saying, but now they're my competition!
Also, be sure to check out I'm joining ESV to push myself. My goal is to become the best mapmaker on TeamLiquid, and between the strong minds already a part of ESV, and the higher standard set upon me by this new opportunity, this feels like a solid step towards that goal. I have nothing but respect for my former teammates, that should go without saying, but now they're my competition!Also, be sure to check out SC2melee.net , as well as the TeamLiquid Mapping Contest, I'll be doing my best to create the best maps out there, and these are two places that show the best the mapmaking community has to offer!
We hope everyone is as excited as ESV is for this wonderful addition, and make sure and follow NewSunshine on Twitter!
The ESV Map Team has been quiet lately, but today I am very proud to announce our newest member, Justin "NewSunshine" Miller!NewSunshine has been one of the top mappers ESV has been scouting for a long time, and with HotS out and TLMC 2 around the corner, I decided we could not go any longer without adding such a talented mapper to the team.I plan to add more mappers in the future, and as always will be keeping our eye on the up and coming talent! With NewSunshine joining our other talented mappers, I have no doubts he will help raise the level of the maps for all ESV members, and in turn we can also help him become the best mapper he could be!I am so happy to annouce this, and hope everyone welcomes NewSunshine to his new home! I would also like to thank DreamForge for being so professional and understanding of our desire to add NewSunshine, and work out everything for the smoothest transition possible.I asked NewSunshine about why he joined ESV and he had this to say to all the fans:We hope everyone is as excited as ESV is for this wonderful addition, and make sure and Ballistix Gaming Global Gaming/Esports Marketing Manager - twitter.com/esvdiamond
Structure Edit
Ball-and-stick model of the cyclic hexamer in trigonal silver fulminate occurs in two polymorphic forms, an orthorhombic one and a trigonal one with a rhombohedral lattice.[4] The trigonal polymorph consists of cyclic hexamers, (AgCNO) 6 .[5] Needles of silver fulminate
Properties Edit
Fulminates are very toxic, about the same as cyanides.[3] When pure, silver fulminate is chemically very stable, not decomposing after years of storage. Like many silver salts, it darkens with light exposure. It is only slightly soluble in cold water and can be recrystallized using hot water.[3][6] It can also be recrystallized from a 20% solution of ammonium acetate.[3] It is not hygroscopic and can explode when moist or underwater; it was reported to remain explosive after 37 years underwater.[3] It explodes upon contact with concentrated sulfuric acid or chlorine or bromine, but not when contacting iodine.[3] It is insoluble in nitric acid, but dissolves in ammonia, alkali chlorides, alkali cyanides, aniline, pyridine, and potassium iodide by forming complexes.[3] Concentrated hydrochloric acid decomposes it non-explosively with a hissing noise; thiosulfate also decomposes it non-explosively, and can be used for disposal.[3]
Preparation Edit
Novelty explosive Edit
Main article: Bang snaps Silver fulminate, often in combination with potassium chlorate, is used in trick noise-makers known as "throw-downs", "crackers", "snappers", "whippersnappers", "pop-its", or "bang-snaps", a popular type of novelty firework. They contain approximately 200 milligrams of fine gravel coated with a minute quantity (approximately 80 micrograms)[8] of silver fulminate. When thrown against a hard surface, the impact is sufficient to detonate the tiny quantity of explosive, creating a small report from the supersonic detonation. Snaps are designed to be incapable of producing damage (even when detonated against skin) due to the buffering effect provided by the much greater mass of the gravel medium. It is also the chemical found in Christmas crackers.[9] The chemical is painted on one of two narrow strips of card, with abrasive on the second. When the cracker is pulled, the abrasive detonates the silver fulminate. A fulminate mixture with 10-20% potassium chlorate is cheaper and more brisant than the fulminate alone.[3]
Silver fulminate and "fulminating silver" Edit
Silver fulminate is often confused with silver nitride, silver azide, or fulminating silver. "Fulminating silver", though always referring to an explosive silver-containing substance, is an ambiguous term. While it may be a synonym of silver fulminate, it may also refer to the nitride or azide, the decomposition product of Tollen's reagent, or an alchemical mixture, which does not contain the fulminate anion.
See also Edit
References Edit
Further reading Edit
3 years ago
Sportsballers -
So starting this week, I want you to send in your "fan mail" to my account here on the website. I put fan mail in quotation marks because it really can be anything you want to say or ask us.
Fan Mail can include:
Non-sports related questions (Ask Joel anything you want!!!!)
General comments
General queries
Hate mail
Show ideas
Wish lists
Letters to players, coaches or teams
It's really anything that you want to talk to us about. Just send me a message and I'll do my best to get it on the show!
And again, thank you for everything you do for the show - supporting it, giving us content and telling me to go fuck myself.
Thanks yall,
Tyler
The contour is probably the best part of the palette. It's not that easy to work with contour, but blk's is easily blendable and buildable. I also think the shade will easily suit most Pinay skintones, so it makes sense that they kept it the same for both palettes. I find the blush a little strong, but topping it with the highlight shade makes it a little more subdued, and gives an interesting texture. The highlight itself is unexpectedly nice. It seems like it doesn't show up when you first apply it, but the shimmer textures are really fine and give a luminescent glow rather than a full-on strobe.
The Velvet Lip Cream in Flirty is really slick. It glided on almost too quickly across my lips, and tended to feather on the edges. It's very comfortable though, and doesn't transfer as much as the moisture content leads me to believe. I also like how it's fully opaque in one coat; two coats max, if you're light-handed! At P299, it's very much worth the tag. This particular shade worn this way isn't my cup of tea, and I wish I did a gradient application. It would have been so easy to blend, and this shade looks better with soft edges!
It's a considerable testament to Stephen Harper's political skills that he remains in contention to win a fourth straight election later this year. It's even more impressive that his party continues to retain virtually sole proprietorship of the economy, as an issue.
Why impressive? Just this: Harper's resilience, one might call it dogged endurance, comes even as his grand economic strategy, laid out with sweeping ambition in late 2011 and early 2012, has collapsed. The strategy had three pillars. Each is now in ruins.
First pillar: Oil. Setting aside a short-lived dip early in 2012, the price of crude held steady in the $110 range, within $10 above or below, from the end of 2010 onward. With the International Energy Agency seeing nothing but burgeoning demand 30 years out, and 174 billion barrels locked in the earth in northern Alberta, Canada would become a global energy Goliath. The regulatory process would be streamlined and project development accelerated. The resulting boom would yield thousands of well-paying jobs, and spinoffs for the whole country.
That edifice is now in shambles. In June of 2014, driven by a collapse in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries' supply-control regime, crude began its long slide, to where it now sits at below $50 a barrel. It may soon bounce back, as Finance Minister Joe Oliver has said he expects will happen. Many industry analysts think otherwise. The truth is that none of them know – otherwise they'd have foreseen the crash.
But even six months in this doldrums would be an eternity, politically. The oil-market slide has already caused a two-month delay in the 2015 federal budget. The Conservatives have promised us a return to balance, and a $5 billion family tax cut. What if the two are no longer compatible?
Second pillar, linked to the first: Pipelines, it was held, would erase the discount on landlocked Canadian heavy crude, which was costing the federal and Alberta treasuries billions. As recently as 18 months ago, three big projects – Enbridge's Northern Gateway to the Pacific, TransCanada's Keystone XL to the U.S. Gulf Coast and Energy East to the St. Lawrence – still showed promise. A fourth, Kinder Morgan's twinning of its existing Trans Mountain line to Vancouver, seemed a slam dunk.
But U.S. President Barack Obama dithered on Keystone. As time passed and climate-change activists within the Democratic establishment got better organized, dithering became delay, then open hostility. Gateway has ground to a halt due to opposition along the route, including from aboriginal groups. Energy East is running into trouble with environmentalists in Quebec who say it threatens endangered Beluga whales in the St. Lawrence river. Even Trans Mountain is now under protest, on grounds that any increase at all in pipeline capacity is a bad idea.
The logical counter – that oilsands crude will move to market regardless by rail, which is environmentally much riskier, has been undercut by the oil price drop. At $110 a barrel, every last drop will get extracted, shipped, refined and burnt. At $50 or $40, this isn't as evident.
Third pillar, linked to the first two: A new relationship with First Nations, founded on resource extraction, including mining, with $650 billion worth of projects in the queue. The idea was to address the skilled labour shortage and aboriginal unemployment in one stroke. Training would be the key; so, aboriginal education formed the thematic centerpiece of the PM's summer Arctic tour in 2013.
Then, once again, the stumble: The First Nations Education Act came apart in disarray early in 2014. The federal government's relationship with First Nations is now more parlous than ever; there will be no national breakthrough. Complicating matters further, the Supreme Court ruled last June that First Nations have a say in how huge acreages of their traditional territory, far beyond their reserves, are developed.
Who's to blame?
The price of oil, of course, is beyond Harper's control. But he will have a tougher time explaining why he placed so many strategic eggs in this one basket, given that oil has always been a volatile commodity.
In the case of the second and third pillars, meantime, Harper mismanaged his personal relationship with Obama, and allowed idiotically partisan government messaging — $21-billion carbon tax, anyone? — to paint him as an environmental troglodyte, to the point where it became easy for the U.S. administration to stick its thumb in his eye.
The First Nations Education Act was a done deal, as far as I have been able to tell, which came apart in the eleventh hour because of tone, attitude, and bungled human interactions. The prime minister sets the tone: He is ultimately responsible for these failures.
But here's what's interesting, and perhaps brilliant, about the shift in the Conservatives' language since last September: Harper sensed that things would go south, and understood that a flight to the familiar might be his best chance, and adopted the “dark and dangerous” mantra, before the depth of looming problems became broadly apparent.
Which is why, now, as the economy lurches into crisis, he stands positioned as the pillar of safety in an uncertain world. It is, taken together, a remarkable sleight-of-hand.
Visit our Facebook page to see all of our Mills River construction photos.
The densely wooded mountains of western North Carolina provide a beautiful backdrop for our new brewery, but those same forested hills presented a problem for construction.
We were drawn to our brewery site because of its location: about 17 miles south of downtown Asheville on a quiet, quasi-rural hillside with access to the French Broad River and beautiful scenery.
Sierra Nevada has always been ecologically minded, and it pained us to know that trees would inevitably have to be removed to accommodate the brewery. That knowledge, though, inspired us to build the brewery in the best, most sustainable way we could. In particular, to ensure that for every part of the forest we touched, we would work to reuse it or improve another part to preserve the special character of this place we love so much.
As the first ground was stirred and trees withdrawn, we committed to harvesting what we could and displaying the trees' beauty in our brewery. Our construction crews were careful to collect the trees and handle them with respect. We harvested the viable timber and used a local mill to break down the wood into usable lumber.
Today, nearly two years after construction began, we have thousands of pieces of gorgeous wood that will showcase the elegance of this resource. Long, distinctive planks of poplar, black oak, Spanish oak and white oak are destined for use around the brewery.
Years ago, we hired woodworker Vaughn Zellick to work on projects in our Chico brewery, including the rich wood paneling in the brewery from our Big Room concert venue and Pub to our offices. Now, Vaughn spends his days in our off-site warehouse carefully selecting unique boards and pieces of our locally harvested lumber to make doors, tables, desks and bar tops to add more deeply accented character to our brewery.
For us, using wood in the brewery harkens back to an earlier time in brewing which fits nicely with our traditional philosophy of beer making. Not so long ago, woodworkers and coopers were a staple in every brewery, and brewers relied on the wooden casks and vessels for the storage and preservation of their trade. Today, most of those woodcrafts have been replaced by sanitary stainless steel, but the look and feel of well-worn wood reminds us of our past and helps us stay rooted in the traditions of our profession.
We are in the business of brewing great beer, but business at the expense of the environment is short-sighted and foolhardy. We work hard to minimize our impact on our environment in whatever ways we can. We're not perfect, but we take steps every day to improve little-by-little. Our property is 185 of woodland and meadow; of that, less than 30 acres have been developed. The remaining forest is tended and cared for by our permanent staff of Natural Resource Specialists who work on improving the health of the existing ecosystems. We've re-planted hundreds of trees and shrubs to balance the effect we've had on our location.
For us, everything is balance. In the environment, in our beer, and in life.
VANCOUVER The fate of the $5.5 billion Northern Gateway pipeline could also define the political futures of three strong Canadian western women.
Protesters load a giant piece of pipeline with their placards following a protest outside the Vancouver Art Gallery in downtown Vancouver last August. ( Jonathan Hayward / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
British Columbia Premier Christy Clark, running behind the NDP and facing a serious threat from a resurgent Conservative party on the West Coast, has chosen to skate, rather than staking out a position on a pipeline which is opposed by environmentalists and First Nations in her province. Opposition to tanker traffic off the northern coast is overwhelming and northern B.C. communities have passed resolutions formally opposing the project. She faces pressure from neighbouring Alberta and her allies in the Stephen Harper government to get on board.
Article Continued Below
Should she need any reminder of the looming showdown, the opposite poles were on display in Ottawa Tuesday. Conservatives on a parliamentary committee recommended streamlining environmental assessment hearings after the government railed against “radical” pipeline opponents slowing the National Energy Board hearings on Northern Gateway. “Groups should not be allowed to filibuster economic growth,” said Calgary MP Michelle Rempel, the lead Conservative on the committee. At the same time, an anti-pipeline delegation journeyed from B.C. to Ottawa to warn they would turn to the courts to block Enbridge if the company gets the green light from the NEB. So Clark waits, hiding behind NEB skirts, drawing comparisons to U.S. President Barack Obama who punted the Keystone XL pipeline decision until after the November U.S. election.
The NEB decision will come after Clark and her Liberals face B.C. voters in May, 2013. First, pipeline politics will play out in Alberta, where Premier Alison Redford strides in lockstep with Stephen Harper, both casting the Northern Gateway as a national priority for reaching the coveted Asian market.
Article Continued Below
She has pushed Clark to get off the fence and create a common western front. But the woman challenging Redford in Alberta this spring, Wildrose Alliance Party leader Danielle Smith, has tossed out the most counter-intuitive proposal. She sees exports blocked southbound and westbound and calls for the pipeline to head east. She didn't invent this idea — much of that credit must go to former New Brunswick premier and Canadian ambassador to Washington Frank McKenna, who raised it following Obama's Keystone deferral. But Smith has the opportunity to test-drive the proposal with Alberta voters this spring. McKenna is proposing using existing pipelines, reversing them, then laying larger pipes in the same right-of-way. Refineries in Sarnia, Montreal, Quebec City, Come by Chance, Nfld., and Saint John, N.B. can be used. A pipeline would have to be built from Montreal to Saint John. “A pipeline to Saint John would be longer term but clearly doable,” McKenna says. “The terrain is easier, aboriginal treaty issues are largely settled, larger tankers already come to Saint John and the refinery is already equipped to handle heavy oil.” Eastern access is being taken seriously by the oil industry, shippers and refiners, he says. Smith channels many in the Harper government when she talks about a flawed environmental review process she says has gone “off the rails.” “How did it end up that Enbridge — a private sector pipeline company — is on the front lines of a review process that will ultimately involve aboriginal land claims, the legitimacy of oil sands development, the use of gasoline as a transportation fuel, the safety of pipelines and tankers to transport oil, and the future of mankind?” she says. With resistance to pipelines in the south and to the west, the “all-Canadian solution,” moving the flow east, is looking increasingly attractive, Smith says. Of course, there are flaws with this proposal. It does not dovetail with Harper's Asian urgency and would almost certainly run into more environmental and First Nations protests. But from the West Coast perspective, it is difficult to envision the Northern Gateway ever being built. Clark can dance and Redford can bull ahead. Smith is anything but an environmental progressive, but she may be a realist and we will shortly know if her eastward gaze captures the imagination of Alberta voters. Tim Harper is a national affairs writer. His column appears Monday, Wednesday and Friday. tharper@thestar.ca
Read more about:
Rescue personnel help injured people after a car ran into a large group of protesters after an white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Va., Saturday, Aug. 12, 2017. The nationalists were holding the rally to protest plans by the city of Charlottesville to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee. There were several hundred protesters marching in a long line when the car drove into a group of them. (AP Photo/Steve Helber)
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — The Latest on the white nationalist rally being held in Charlottesville (all times local):
11:54 p.m.
Three more men have been arrested in connection to the violent clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville.
The Virginia State Police announced late Saturday that Troy Dunigan, a 21-year-old from Chattanooga, Tennessee, was charged with disorderly conduct; Jacob L. Smith, a 21-year-old from Louisa, Virginia, was charged with assault and battery; and James M. O'Brien, 44, of Gainesville, Florida, was charged with carrying a concealed handgun.
Three people died during the violent day in Charlottesville.
A 32-year-old woman was killed when a car plowed into a crowd of protesters. The driver, James Alex Fields Jr., a 20-year-old from Ohio, was charged with second-degree murder.
Two state police troopers were killed when their helicopter crashed in the woods on the outskirts of town.
___
11:10 p.m.
U.S. officials have opened a civil rights investigation into the circumstances of the deadly car attack that took place amid clashes of white nationalists and counter-demonstrators in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The investigation was announced late Saturday by officials of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Virginia and the Richmond field office of the FBI.
In a statement, Attorney General Jeff Sessions says U.S. Attorney Rick Mountcastle has begun the investigation and will have the full support of the Justice Department.
Sessions says, “The violence and deaths in Charlottesville strike at the heart of American law and justice.”
He adds, “When such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred, they betray our core values and cannot be tolerated.”
___
11 p.m.
A white nationalist blames police for the violence that erupted before and after a rally where he was scheduled to speak before it turned deadly.
Richard Spencer told The Associated Press on Saturday that he doesn't take responsibility for the violence and accused state and local police of endangering lives in how they handled the rally.
Spencer said that he “did not attempt to engage in any kind of violence. So the idea that I could be held responsible is absurd. It's like blaming the fire department for a fire.”
He said that he was pepper-sprayed twice during the day.
Spencer said he recommended that people should disperse after the state of emergency was declared.
Spencer also said he found President Donald Trump's comments on the Charlottesville violence to be “rather vague and kind of lame.”
___
10:25 p.m.
A woman who identified herself as the mother of the man accused of driving his car into a crowd of peaceful protesters says he told her he was going to the rally.
Samantha Bloom, of Ohio, confirmed details about her son's car and his trip to Virginia, saying she received a text from him last week that said he'd gotten some time off from work and was going to a rally.
She said her son hadn't given her any details about the rally but that she told him “to be careful” and to peaceful.
Bloom became visibly upset as she learned that dozens of people were injured during a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville.
Bloom said she and Fields had just relocated to the Toledo area from Florence, Kentucky, a Cincinnati, Ohio, suburb
___
9:40 p.m.
Authorities say a 20-year-old Ohio man accused of driving a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally has been charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
The Charlottesville Police Department said in a statement Saturday night that James Alex Fields Jr. of Ohio also faces three counts of malicious wounding, and one count related to leaving the scene.
Col. Martin Kumer, superintendent of the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail, said Fields was in custody there Saturday night. Kumer says he doesn't believe Fields has obtained an attorney yet.
He says a bond hearing is scheduled for Monday.
____
8:45 p.m.
Virginia state police said one of their agency's helicopters crashed Saturday outside Charlottesville, killing two troopers.
Police said the helicopter was assisting law enforcement officers monitoring the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville.
Police said Lt. H. Jay Cullen of Midlothian and Trooper-pilot Berke M.M. Bates of Quinton were killed in the crash.
The crash happened just a few hours after a car plowed into a crowd of people peacefully protesting against the white nationalist rally. One person was killed and at least two dozen were hurt.
___
This story has been corrected to fix the spelling of Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates' first name. It had been spelled Burke.
___
6:35 p.m.
Officials say the deaths of two people in a helicopter crash near Charlottesville, Virginia, have been linked to a violent white nationalist rally earlier in the day.
It was not immediately clear how the crash was connected to the rally. Corinne Geller, a Virignia State Police spokeswoman, says the pilot and a passenger were killed in the crash Saturday afternoon.
The crash happened just a few hours after a car plowed into a crowd of people peacefully protesting against the white nationalist rally. One person was killed and at least two dozen were hurt.
___
5:20 p.m.
The organizer of a rally that drew hundreds of white nationalists and other extremists to Charlottesville say he disavows the violence that eroded it.
Jason Kessler said in an interview Saturday evening that whoever drove a car into a group of counter-protesters “did the wrong thing.” He said he was saddened that people were hurt.
Kessler is a local blogger and activist who described the event as a pro-white rally. He planned it to protest the city's decision to remove a Confederate monument.
He also criticized law enforcement's response to the event, which was dispersed before speakers could take the stage.
He said they did a poor job controlling the chaos to allow free speech.
___
4:15 p.m.
A state official said the driver of a car that plowed into a group of marchers in Charlottesville is in police custody.
Virginia Secretary of Public Safety Brian Moran said the driver, a man, has been arrested.
Moran did not immediately provide a name of the driver.
Witnesses say a car plowed into a crowd of people who were protesting a rally, which was held by white nationalists who oppose the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee by the city of Charlottesville. Officials say one person was killed and at least 26 were treated at local hospitals.
___
3:45 p.m.
A hospital official says one person has died and 19 were injured after a car plowed into a group of protesters in Charlottesville.
University of Virginia Medical Center spokeswoman Angela Taylor confirmed the death to The Associated Press.
The mayor of Charlottesville said via Twitter on Saturday that he is “heartbroken” to announce that a “life has been lost.” He did not provide details.
Witnesses say a car plowed into a crowd of people who were protesting the rally, which was held by white nationalists who oppose the removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee by the city of Charlottesville.
___
3:20 p.m.
Officials say there are multiple injuries after a car plowed into a group of people marching peacefully in downtown Charlottesville.
Video of the incident shows a silver Dodge Charger crashing into a car where protesters were marching and then rapidly reversing away.
Michael Nigro, a photojournalist from Brooklyn, told reporters shortly after the incident he heard the screech of tires and saw a gray Charger accelerate toward the group. Several hundred people were peacefully marching through downtown.
Nigro says it was “chaos and mayhem” as bodies flew.
Officials didn't immediately release any further information and it wasn't immediately clear if anyone was in custody.
___
2 p.m.
Authorities are on the scene after a vehicle plowed into a group of people marching peacefully through downtown Charlottesville.
An Associated Press reporter saw at least one person on the ground receiving medical treatment immediately afterward the incident. It occurred approximately two hours after violent clashes between white nationalists and counter-protesters.
The nationalists were holding the rally to protest plans by the city of Charlottesville to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
There were several hundred protesters marching in a long line when the car drove into a group of them.
___
1:40 p.m.
President Donald Trump is tweeting about the violence that has erupted amid a white supremacist march in Virginia.
Trump tweeted Saturday that “we ALL must be united & condemn all that hate stands for.” He then wrote “There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Lets come together as one!”
The demonstrations began Friday in Charlottesville with white nationalists marching through town and while carrying lit torches. The demonstrators then clashed with counter-protesters.
Some of the white nationalists cited Trump's victory as validation for their beliefs.
The White House was silent for hours about the clashes except for a solitary tweet from First Lady Melania Trump. The president has received previous criticism for being slow to condemn acts of hate done in his name.
___
1:35 p.m.
The organizer of a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville is encouraging attendees to leave town after authorities declared an unlawful assembly and police ordered people to disperse.
Right-wing blogger Jason Kessler organized Saturday's rally to protest the city's decision to remove a statue of confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Kessler told The Associated Press Saturday that he and other people who were going to speak at the event evacuated with security when police issued the order to disperse.
He says he wants rally attendees to leave town peacefully.
Richard Spencer is a prominent alt-right activist who was scheduled to speak. He says he's also encouraging people to go home.
___
12:50 p.m.
First Lady Melania Trump is calling for peace after violent clashes broke out at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville.
Trump said Saturday on Twitter: “Our country encourages freedom of speech, but let's communicate w/o hate in our hearts. No good comes from violence.”
Hundreds of white nationalists and counter protestors faced off Saturday in downtown Charlottesville, with several violent clashes erupting.
It's the latest confrontation in the city since it voted to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a downtown park.
___
12:35 p.m.
The NHL's Detroit Red Wings released a statement denouncing the use of their logo at the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, and saying they are considering legal action to stop it.
The team says it “vehemently” disagrees with and is not associated with the event. The Red Wings add they are “exploring every possible legal action as it pertains to the misuse of our logo in this disturbing demonstration.”
A Michigan-based white nationalist group called the Detroit Right Wings uses the Red Wings' logo. The organization posted on its Twitter account that members had arrived in Charlottesville.
___
12:25 p.m.
Virginia's governor has declared a state of emergency in response to a white nationalist rally that is expected to draw up to 6,000 people.
Gov. Terry McAuliffe said via his Twitter account on Saturday morning that the declaration was made in order “to aid state response to violence” at the rally in Charlottesville, about 100 miles outside of Washington, D.C.
It's the latest confrontation in the city since it voted earlier this year to remove a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee from a downtown park.
The city's manager also declared a local emergency and police ordered people to disperse from the area around the statue after several violent clashes broke out.
___
Hundreds of people are facing off in Charlottesville ahead of a white nationalist rally planned in the Virginia city's downtown.
Rally supporters and counter-protesters screamed, chanted, threw punches, hurled water bottles and unleashed chemical sprays on each other Saturday morning.
Men dressed in militia uniforms were carrying shields and openly carrying long guns.
Right-wing blogger Jason Kessler planned what he called a “pro-white” rally to protest Charlottesville's decision to remove a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee from a city park. Thousands of people are expected to pack the area.
There were also fights Friday night, when hundreds of white nationalists marched through the University of Virginia campus carrying torches.
A university spokesman said one person was arrested and several people were injured.
Kanye West's behavior has been erratic, to say the least.
After unleashing a pro-Donald Trump post-election rant at one of his concerts (“I would have voted Trump—if I voted”), signing memorabilia with the name “Trump,” and reportedly assaulting an associate, the hip-hop legend checked in to the UCLA Medical Center for a psychological evaluation. West has apparently been suffering from “temporary psychosis due to sleep deprivation and dehydration,” and this week he emerged in public with a new blond hairdo (perhaps in honor of Trump's election victory, or the Frank Ocean album Blond?).One of West's first things on his to-do list was paying a visit to President-elect Trump at his ritzy Trump Tower in New York—a summit that The Daily Show's Trevor Noah found particularly head-scratching.
“Yes, Donald Trump and Kanye had a little meeting today. And look at Kanye West's hair. The guy was in Trump Tower less than an hour and Trump's people gold-plated his head already? What are they doing! I mean, I guess it could have been worse. Kanye could have come out rocking the full Donald. I would have known he was completely gone,” said Noah.
“But the meeting must have gone well, because not long ago—and this is real—Kanye tweeted ‘#2024.' Meaning now Kanye is not going to run against Trump in 2020, and that also means we may get to see Trump feature in the ‘Bound III' music video,” joked Noah. “This is exciting!”
Indeed, West unleashed a series of tweets explaining his much-criticized Trump visit, writing: “I feel it is important to have a direct line of communication with our future President if we truly want change. I wanted to meet with Trump today to discuss multicultural issues. These issues included bullying, supporting teachers, modernizing curriculums, and violence in Chicago.”And then the kicker:
Trump's spokesperson Hope Hicks claimed that it was West who'd requested the meeting, but Trump's decision to honor it—while routinely refusing his daily intelligence briefings, not delivering a press conference since mid-summer, and delaying his announcement about his various business conflicts of interest—is puzzling. Perhaps the president-elect wished to deflect media coverage away from recent reports that the CIA concluded Russia hacked the Democratic and Republican campaigns in order to sway the election toward Trump, or widespread criticism of his pick for secretary of State, ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson, who has close ties to Putin (and whose company has hundreds of billions of dollars in drilling deals that have been stifled by U.S. sanctions against Russia).
Noah added, “But for me, even better than those two meeting was the news coverage of it,” before throwing to a montage of news networks jumping from reports on Trump's chaotic transition and the dire situation in the Middle East to Trump's meeting with Kanye West.
“Oh, man! The media is the best,” said Noah. “It really makes you wonder how America ended up selecting a celebrity president when the media is so focused on the issues.”
Scientists have launched an investigation into the unexplained deaths of 41 humpback whales along the Atlantic coast of the United States, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced Thursday.
Researchers declared the ongoing phenomenon that's affected whale populations stretching from Maine to North Carolina since the start of 2016 an “unusual mortality event.” About 14 whales usually die in the region annually ― but they documented 26 deaths in 2016 and nine this year.
NOAA said it doesn't yet have a concrete reason why all of the animals have died. The agency conducted necropsies on 20 whales, and 10 appeared to have been struck and killed by ships.
Deborah Fauquier, NOAA Fisheries veterinary medical officer, said the dead marine mammals had sustained “blunt force trauma” or “large propellor cuts” (NOAA released a graphic photo of such injuries).
There are usually fewer than two such deaths per year, and while trends have increased, scientists said there was no apparent cause of mortality linking all of the whales together.
“The answer is really unknown,” said Greg Silber, NOAA Fisheries' large whale recovery coordinator, in a news briefing. “There's probably no spike in vessel traffic in these areas. It's probably linked to prey sources. Humpback whales follow where prey is, and there may be aggregation where there are shipping routes.”
Credit: NOAA Fisheries The 2016 and 2017 humpback whale stranding locations along the Atlantic Coast
(through April 24)
Mendy Garron, the stranding coordinator for the greater Atlantic region of NOAA Fisheries, said there was no indication that a disease had killed any whales and there was no unusual level of exposure to biotoxins. However, the agency said it would begin a formal investigation into the mortality event and conduct further necropsies, so those conclusions could change.
There are about 10,400 humpbacks in the Atlantic region, and federal authorities delisted the species from the U.S. Endangered Species Act in September (they still fall under the Marine Mammal Protection Act, however). NOAA has issued three unusual mortality event investigations involving humpbacks before, in 2003, 2005 and 2006. In each instance, the agency was unable to determine the cause of death.
Virtual operators are sprouting up like weeds in a garden – except these weeds are starting to look a lot more attractive than the rose beds they're enveloping. These mobile virtual network operators (MVNOs) essentially resell the voice and data services of big operators, but often at much lower prices and with more flexible plans.
Advertisement
In just the last few weeks we've seen several new ones pop up. Last Friday, GSM Nation gave us a sneak peak at the MVNO it plans to birth this fall, distinguishing itself from the pack with a retail portal that sells almost any smartphone. Data-only operator Karma emerged last week, touting a unique social model for sharing bandwidth with the masses. Last month, Voyager Mobile launched offering two simple but comprehensive plans – one with data and one without.
MVNOs all but died out in the last decade, victim to their own over-segmentation of the market. The only survivors were the ones who kept their focus on the budget prepaid segment like TracFone(s AMX) and operator-owned sub-brands like Virgin Mobile and Boost Mobile. So why the sudden of flurry of activity in the last year?
We posed that question to a couple of MVNOs and their answer was a bit surprising: MVNOs are thriving because the big network operators are letting them thrive.
Here come the GSM boys
A good deal of new MVNOs have built their business models around cheap and plentiful data, and there's a reason: operators have become much more flexible on how they charge for mobile broadband. For the longest time, carriers simply wouldn't give MVNOs access to their data networks. When they started to so, they charged prohibitive rates and made their virtual partners pay for their megabytes up front, making it very hard for MVNOs to craft reasonable data plans, GSM Nation CEO Ahmed Khattak said.
But nine months ago, AT&T(s t) and T-Mobile started selling data and voice airtime by the bucket, which gives MVNOs much more flexibility in pricing, Khattak said. Even more significantly, those carriers started working directly with MVNOs to craft unique plans in exchange for a percentage of the plans' revenues. The MVNO submits a proposed bundle of minutes and data to an carrier – along with a $15,000 fee — and if it's approved, the carrier then takes 25 percent to 30 percent off the top of every monthly bill, Khattak said.
With those new policies in place, it makes it very easy and very cheap to launch an MVNO, Khattak said. GSM Nation will get off the ground with only $700,000 in investment, supplemented by revenues from its smartphone retail business, Khattak said.
“The big decision we had to make was ‘do we go with AT&T or do we go with T-Mobile,'” Khattak said. “We chose T-Mobile because T-Mobile is much more receptive to new MVNOs than AT&T. They give us more bandwidth, while AT&T is very protective of its network.”
Another key factor was that AT&T doesn't allow MVNOs to sell any handsets Ma Bell currently it offers, which would have prevented GSM Nation from connecting the Apple iPhones(s aapl) and Galaxy devices it retails in its online store. Since GSM Nation is first and foremost an unlocked phone purveyor, that policy was deal-killer for Khattak. But it certainly hasn't stopped other MVNOs from signing up with AT&T. TracFone's Straight Talk, H2O Wireless and Red Pocket offer SIM-only plans that allow it bypass that restriction as long as their customers bring their own devices to the network.
Sprint: An MVNO's best friend
Sprint(s s) has a long history of supporting MVNOs, but recently it has opened its network even further to wholesale partners, said Elliot Noss, president and CEO of Tucows, a webhosting company that launched its own MVNO, Ting, in February. Sprint's wholesale rates and flexible policies allow Ting to offer some of the most innovative – and potentially disruptive plans – in the industry.
Ting sells the closest thing the U.S. has to metered data plan. Customers sign up for tiers or minutes, SMS and data, but if you use less than your plan's allotment in a given month, Ting will credit you for the unused minutes, texts or data on your next. If you use more Ting will charge you for the additional usage at no penalty. According to Noss, Ting's savviest customers merely select zero in all three categories and just pay for what they consume each month.
Sprint's embrace of the virtual operator model has landed it a lot of partners. Republic Wireless, Voyager, Movida, Kajeet and a dozen others all use Sprint's network. Sprint's friendliness toward MVNOs carries over to its 4G partner Clearwire(s clwr) – in which Sprint owns a plurality stake. Data-only MVNOs like Karma, NetZero(s untd) and FreedomPop, as well as Ting, have all signed on with the WiMAX carrier.
“Sprint has more of a history of wholesale,” Noss said in an email interview. “They are also a very large, but very hungry #3 in the market. That is really a perfect combination to make for a great wholesale partner. Having a wholesale and retail division inside the same company is a challenge that we appreciate at Tucows and we chose very carefully.”
Sprint does place some restrictions on handsets Ting is allowed to sell, and as a CDMA carrier it can't resort to SIM card plans to bypass those policies. But Sprint only bans some devices, and the exclusivity period is relatively short, Noss said. “Basically, if they're putting a big advertising push behind a device, they're going to want time to reap the benefits of that push themselves,” Noss said. Sprint is also much less protective of its network than others. For instance, Sprint has agreed to make its LTE network, launching this summer, immediately available to Ting.
Are the carriers coming to MVNOs or are they being dragged?
Khattak believes that the big carriers have thrown in the towel, and have adopted a if-you-can't-beat-‘em-join-‘em attitude toward the market. Operators know they're going to continue to lose customers to these new competitive virtual operators, so they might as well reap the wholesale revenues rather than give that business to another operator, Khattak said.
Noss doesn't see it that way. With the exceptions of Sprint and Clearwire, the carriers are being dragged kicking and screaming to MVNOs – they simply have no choice.
“Our view on AT&T and Verizon is that they come to wholesale very begrudgingly and they will do only as much as the market forces them to,” Noss said. “We believe that ‘necessary evil' would better describe their view of MVNOs than ‘if you can't beat 'em, join 'em'. … the incumbents will only be as flexible as the market forces them to be.”
Feature image courtesy of Shutterstock user Reno Martin
November 17, 2010
Petrino DiLeo looks at the austerity schemes cooked up by the two chairs of the National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform.
YOU'VE BEEN living beyond your means with too-generous benefits from the government. Now, with the federal debt at $13.8 trillion and the government projecting annual deficits of more than $1 trillion in the years to come, it's time for you to cut back.
At least that's what President Barack Obama's bipartisan National Commission on Fiscal Responsibility and Reform is telling us.
The commission is due to deliver its recommendations in early December, but its co-chairs gave a preview November 10 of proposals that aim to trim $200 billion in federal spending per year. The painful recipe was delivered by Erskine Bowles, a former White House deputy chief of staff in the Clinton administration who now works as an investment banker, and former Sen. Alan Simpson of Wyoming, a Republican who's notorious for his stance in favor of gutting government programs.
What's most striking about the Bowles-Simpson outline for the commission's final deliberations is who is being asked to tighten their belts. The co-chairs call for sacrifices from workers, the elderly, college students and veterans--while corporations and the wealthy are promised lower taxes.
Deficit reduction commission co-chairs Erskine Bowles and Alan Simpson
In short, it's a roadmap for how the working class will be asked to bear all the pain through cuts, cuts and more cuts, while the wealthy continue to make out like bandits. The Bowles-Simpson proposals amount to a preview for the next phase of attacks on the working class, as "austerity" becomes the common buzzword of the international ruling class in its attempts to resolve the ongoing crisis gripping global capitalism.
BOWLES AND Simpson tried to disguise their agenda by not calling only for cuts in social programs. Instead, the co-chairs recommend a reduction in the government's discretionary spending of about $100 billion a year--while another $100 billion, surprisingly, would come from reducing the Pentagon budget, something that's been sacrosanct in Washington politics for years.
But don't let that fool you. Simpson and Bowles' recommendations last week may bear no resemblance to what the full commission recommends for its December 1 deadline. Most commentators believe the co-chairs were throwing out every possible proposal, even those with no chance of winning approval from the rest of the commission--with the aim of scaring people with a draconian proposal so the proposals that are actually made seem less severe.
Moreover, it will ultimately be up to the Obama administration and Congress to enact the commission's recommendations--and it's hard to imagine Congress in its current state willingly cutting defense spending.
It's also worth putting this in perspective--even if the military spending cuts were somehow pushed through, the Pentagon budget would still be bigger than all its supposed rivals combined. It's a sign of the system's priorities that proposals to raise the retirement age or cut social programs are on the agenda while the U.S. continues to waste trillions to maintain occupations and launch drone attacks in Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan and Yemen.
Amazingly, Bowles and Simpson's announcement came on the same day that the Obama administration gave its strongest signal yet that it plans to extend the Bush-era tax cuts, including those for the wealthiest section of the population. That led to some incredible doubletalk as Obama spoke both about being "serious" about deficits while simultaneously considering an extension of tax cuts that will only make the problem worse.
Overall, the report illustrates the attacks and austerity that's on the way in the coming years as Democrats and Republicans agree to tighten the screws on working people.
The commission's recommendations will undoubtedly be a further step in the assault on Social Security--a program that had been considered sacrosanct for generations. Bowles and Simpson's preview calls for capping cost-of-living increases in Social Security payouts and increasing the retirement age to 68 by 2050 and 69 by 2075.
If Obama and his two co-chairs think they can sell cuts in Social Security, it's in part because the mainstream media has helped convey the idea that the program is on the verge of insolvency.
But as liberal economists such as Dean Baker have written, projections show that Social Security should be able to cover payments for decades with no changes at all--and simple tweaks would allow the program to run with no problems for even longer.
For example, the payroll tax that funds the Social Security program is only levied on income up to $106,800--as a result, working people have a much higher proportion of their wages taken out of their checks than those with six- and seven-figure incomes. Simply raising that cap would flood the program with plenty of funds.
By far the biggest single issue contributing to projections of increasing deficits over the long term is the rising cost of health care--which, year in and year out, outpaces the overall inflation rate by a good margin. Yet rather than talking about addressing costs at the source--the bloated private health care industry--Simpson and Bowles recommend cutting the government's Medicare and Medicaid health programs.
FOR PEOPLE who are supposed to be focused on cutting the government budget, Bowles and Simpson spent a lot of time on taxes. Instead of reducing the deficit by taxing the rich, however, the duo want to restructure the system so corporations and the wealthy pay lower taxes--while raising certain kinds of taxes, like one on gasoline, that disproportionately hurt working people and the poor.
Of course, higher taxes on the rich would increase government revenues and reduce or eliminate the need to cut social programs. But somehow, in Washington, the idea of raising taxes--or even simply letting the Bush tax cuts expire--has become a "radical" idea, while proposals to cut taxes on the rich are labeled "serious."
It's an indictment of how much a pliant media allows politicians to say whatever they want without being challenged that members of Congress can talk about cutting taxes in one breath and reducing the deficit in the next--and not be called out for how incompatible these two notions are.
On another note, Simpson and Bowles suggested at the press conference unveiling their outline that reducing the deficit--beginning in 2012--was essential for stimulating the economy.
But severe budgets cuts, especially at the state and local level, have had the exact opposite effect, and there's no reason to believe the ones Bowles and Simpson are pushing would do anything different. As Dean Baker wrote:
The large government deficits are the only factor sustaining demand [in the economy today]...If today's deficit were smaller, we would not be helping our children; we would just be putting their parents out of work. Simpson and Bowles somehow think they have covered this concern by delaying their cuts until fiscal year 2012, about 11 months from now. Virtually all projections show the unemployment rate will still be over 9 percent at the point when the Simpson-Bowles cuts begin to slow the economy further. This leaves the economy like a plane with one engine already out, and Simpson-Bowles prepared to knock out the other engine as well.
It's also crazy that workers are being asked to pay for the deficit cuts while the government and the Federal Reserve continue to pump hundreds of billions into the banking system. It's an open secret that Wall Street banks are posting big profits largely through borrowing money from the Fed at 0 percent interest rates, and then buying long-term Treasury bills from the federal government at 3 percent interest. Also, the banks are using their ill-gotten funds to make money by playing the market--rather than making loans that would revive the economy.
It boils down to this: While a section of the ruling class whines about deficits and is using them to try to extract further concessions from our side, their own share of wealth and income is greater than in many decades. That's why we can be having a discussion about massive proposed cuts in spending at the same time Wall Street banks are planning to pay out an estimated $144 billion in bonuses--another new record--based on profits made possible entirely by government largesse.
No one should accept these attacks on social programs. The commission to reduce the deficit is the latest attempt to pay for the Great Recession on our backs. It is another aspect of the one-sided class war--making the poor pay while the rich do just fine.
Share
Described in detail on PetaPixel earlier this week, San Francisco-based photographer Jeff Hu organized an elaborate online sting operation in order to acquire his stolen Canon EOS Rebel T2i back from a thief. According to Hu, the dSLR camera was stolen from his household during a house party on St. Patrick's day weekend along with a Tamron 17-50mm lens attached to the camera body. After Hu filed a police report, he attempted to reach friends that were at the party to see if they recalled anyone that may have taken the expensive camera. However, none of the party guest knew anything about the stolen Canon camera.
While at work the following Monday, Hu decides to check Craigslist listings for the camera hoping that the thief would be looking to dump the camera quickly. As luck would have it, the thief had posted an ad for the camera on Craigslist the day after the dSLR was stolen from Hu's home.
Hu was able to identify the camera immediately due to a recognizable scratch on the door that covers the SD card slot. The ad also listed the camera without any basic accessories like the battery charger or lens cap.
At this point, Hu quickly created a fake email address and started a conversation with the thief about the condition of the dSLR as well as other questions typically asked by a Craigslist buyer. When responding to the questions, the thief used his real name. Using Facebook as an investigative tool, Hu was able to pull up a picture of the thief and he recognized the thief as one of the guests at the house party. As a strategic measure, Hu asked his friends to email the thief as interested buyers in order to have backup fake buyers as needed.
After discussing the situation with a police dispatcher, Hu setup a meeting with the thief at a coffee shop approximately half a block from a nearby police station.
Hu started gathering up all documentation related to communication with the thief, a printout of the thief's Facebook picture and proof of ownership. He was also able to use StolenCameraFinder.com to extract the serial number of his Canon Rebel T2i from the EXIF data of pictures taken using the dSLR.
Hu called his friends to help him with the sting at the coffee shop, but was relieved to discover the police department sent out two undercover police officers to help him recover his camera. While watching the coffee shop from an undercover police car across the street, Hu communicated with the thief over text messages in order to get a description of his clothing for identification. As the thief walked into the coffee shop, police officers moved into position behind the man and started questioning him. After discovering the stolen Canon camera in the thief's backpack as well as an Airsoft gun, the police placed him under arrest.
Back at the station, police soon discovered the thief had lied about his identity and found a warrant out for his arrest. Hu was able to obtain the stolen camera back easily with the serial number identification information. Describing his feelings about the outcome of the situation, Hu stated “My friends and I felt like heroes of a police department in some CSI show, and I was even a little disappointed I didn't get a junior detectives badge. However, when it comes down to it, I was just glad to have my camera back.” Hu's photo collection using the T2i can be found on Flickr here.
As the Republican Party establishment coalesces around Marco Rubio as its choice for the presidential nomination, voters have continued to stick with Donald Trump.
And there's reason to believe that won't change.
The campaign moves on to Nevada on Tuesday for the state's Republican caucuses, following the party's primary in South Carolina on Saturday. That vote was won handily by the businessman Trump with just under a third of ballots cast in his favour, while Rubio, a senator from Florida, narrowly finished second ahead of Texas senator Ted Cruz.
As he had done in the first caucuses of the race in Iowa (but had failed to do in the New Hampshire primary earlier this month), Rubio beat his poll numbers and outpaced his "establishment" rivals comfortably. These results have led party elites to begin to move toward Rubio as the best option to defeat Trump and Cruz, two anti-establishment candidates reviled by the upper echelons of the Republican Party.
This despite the fact that Rubio began his political career as a Tea Party favourite and is considered more conservative than most Republicans.
Nevertheless, Rubio has been piling up endorsements from elected Republicans since the Iowa vote: at least eight sitting senators and three governors, along with over a dozen members of the House of Representatives, adding to an already long list of supporters.
He has also been raising a lot of money, having amassed $85 million, putting him second only to Cruz's $104 million. The big new prize may be the donor base of former Florida governor Jeb Bush, who had raised the most money of any Republican candidate in the campaign before dropping out of the race on Saturday.
But if the party's most influential and wealthiest members are increasingly siding with Rubio, Republican voters aren't.
Not yet, at least.
The latest national polls, conducted before the South Carolina primary, give Trump about 35 per cent support among Republican voters, followed by Cruz at 19 per cent and Rubio at 15 per cent. Neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Ohio Gov. John Kasich round out the list with eight and seven per cent support respectively, according to FiveThirtyEight's weighted averages.
Polls out of Nevada suggest Trump could win by as many as 20 points. He is also favoured in almost all of the states voting on "Super Tuesday," March 1, when a large swath of the country will cast ballots in both the Democratic and Republican races.
Trump's ceiling may not be so low
Though Trump's polling at the national level has struggled to increase much beyond the support of one in three Republicans, he still has some potential for growth. His favourability ratings are low, even among Republicans, but he does garner enough second choice support in polls to keep his theoretical ceiling above those of his rivals.
Trump is not the consensus second choice of Republicans. In recent polls he has ranked behind Cruz and Rubio on that score. But he is still the second choice of around a tenth of those polled. While that is half of what Cruz and Rubio manage, it is enough to put his ceiling somewhere around 45 to 50 per cent among Republicans if his first and second choice numbers are combined.
That is more than enough to win the nomination, particularly considering that both Cruz and Rubio appear to have a ceiling that is no higher than 40 per cent. In addition, some states have winner-take-all primaries, as South Carolina did — despite taking 32.5 per cent of the vote, Trump won 100 per cent of the state's delegates.
Winnowed field helps Rubio, but Trump too
The Republican establishment hopes that Rubio's chances will improve as the field of candidates dwindles. Chris Christie, another establishment favourite, dropped out after New Hampshire. Bush's departure after the South Carolina vote also frees up some Republicans, though the five per cent support he had in national polls is hardly game-breaking.
Trump speaks to Rubio during the CBS News Republican presidential debate at the Peace Center, on Feb. 13 in Greenville, S.C. (John Bazemore/Associated Press)
It is likely that Rubio will capture many of Bush's supporters. Second choice polling suggests that about one-fifth of Bush's supporters will go his way, while Kasich could take a similar chunk of support.
But the problem for Rubio is that he trails Trump by such a wide margin that there isn't enough support among establishment candidates to tilt the balance in his favour. Even if all Republicans who supported Bush and those who currently support Kasich (the most moderate candidate still in the race) went over to Rubio, he would still trail Trump by a fair margin.
And all of that support won't go to Rubio. The polls suggest that a tenth could go to Trump and perhaps a little more to Cruz. These two candidates would also likely take most of Carson's support if he drops out of the race as well.
Some polling done listing just the three leading Republican candidates still puts Rubio at a big disadvantage against Trump.
This means that a winnowed field alone will not win the nomination for Rubio. Trump still has enough support among Republican voters to hold off a single establishment candidate, particularly if Cruz stays in the race for the long haul. And Trump is poised to pile up a lot of delegates next week before a candidate like Kasich might drop out (his state of Ohio votes on March 15).
Instead, for Rubio to prevail he will need to start taking votes not only from the establishment-friendly candidates that have withdrawn or might drop out of the campaign, but also from Cruz and Trump. That means going after those two candidates and their supporters.
The anti-establishment tide in the Republican presidential contest is strong enough to sweep aside all before it. Rubio now has to row against that current — with the backing of the very establishment his opponents are railing against.
[There was a video here]
Have you heard about North Carolina's Amendment 1? Like California's Proposition 8, this measure would amend the state constitution to define marriage as being between one man and one woman — but it would also ban gay civil unions and domestic partnerships.
Today Joe My God posted this video of brilliant political commentary from a trigger-happy asshole with a YouTube account, in which the man fires a gun at his neighbor's "Vote Against Amendment One" sign. Hey, if you can't shoot gay people directly, might as well shoot signs supporting LGBT rights.
UPDATE:
The shooter's name is Alex Wiles. Here's a link to his Facebook page, in case you'd like to let him know how you feel.
UPDATE #2:
Alex Wiles has taken the original video down. Luckily, YouTuber bstewart23 has uploaded a mirrored version, now embedded in this post.
You may wonder why in the world you would need corn stock. It never occurred to me either until I set off in a quest to make an excellent bowl of corn chowder and was struggling with getting enough corny flavor.
The first batch I made was with water as the base. It was good, but it needed a little more complexity
So I tried chicken stock next. It definitely had more body, and more meaty flavory, but it was still missing that big corn punch I wanted.
Then I remembered that in Modernist Cuisine at Home there is a recipe for toasted corn stock.
The fun part about this recipe is that it uses all of the parts of the ear of corn that you'd normally discard. After you cut the kernels off of the cob, you'll use them to make stock. This is a great way to use up food scraps that you might normally just toss out (if you aren't composting, that is). Another example is how I use leftover parmesan rinds to make flavor parmesan stock for soup or risotto.
It even uses the husks. You'll toast them in the oven while getting everything else ready. If you don't have a Pressure Cooker or Instant Pot, you could also cook the ingredients in a large stock pot for several hours.
I had imagined that the final product produced by the corn stock recipe would be this sweet, intensely flavored corn juice. Sort of like a glass of fresh carrot juice. It's not, really. Probably because it's made from husks and cobs. Seriously. There's a reason why we don't eat husks and cobs.
What it does though, is round out the corn flavor in your chowder, making it more complex and full bodied. And it's not that much extra work, considering you already have all of the ingredients on your counter when making corn chowder, anyway.
Toasted Corn Stock is also excellent for making other corn dishes like polenta or cornbread.
If you're interested in other pressure cooked stock recipes, check out this one for a Pressure Cooked Beef Stock made with short ribs
( Recipe adapted from Modernist Cuisine at Home)
Sharks Sign Bay Area Native Matt Tennyson to Entry-Level Contract by Staff Writer / San Jose Sharks
SAN JOSE, California – San Jose Sharks Executive Vice President and General Manager Doug Wilson announced today that the team has signed unrestricted free agent defenseman Matt Tennyson to an entry-level contract. In keeping with club policy, financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Tennyson, 21, just recently completed his junior season for Western Michigan University of the Central Collegiate Hockey Association where in 41 games he led all team defenseman in points (24), goals (11) and assists (13), earned Second Team All-CCHA and was named as a finalist for CCHA Best Offensive Defenseman.
“We are very excited to add a player of Matt's caliber to our organization,” said Wilson. “To have Matt become a Shark after playing for the Jr. Sharks program is very special to this organization and it speaks volumes for the work that Jon Gustafson and his staff do to make the Jr. Sharks an elite program.”
Tennyson played in 112 games for WMU the last three seasons, posting 49 points (20 goals, 29 assists) and 92 penalty minutes.
A native of Pleasanton, CA, Tennyson becomes the first player in the Sharks system who was developed at Sharks Ice at San Jose in the Jr. Sharks system.
“Each year we continue to see the growth of hockey in the Bay Area and the impact that the Sharks Ice facilities are having on our local youth hockey players,” said Sharks Ice General Manager Jon Gustafson. “More and more players are graduating from our Junior Sharks program and advancing their hockey careers at the D-I University or Canadian and United States Junior levels and several have earned NHL contracts. Having our first Jr. Shark to sign with San Jose is a big accomplishment and something we are all very excited about. We wish Matt the best of luck as he takes the next step in his hockey career.”
The 6-foot-2, 210-pound defenseman previously played for the Cedar Rapids RoughRiders of the United States Hockey League in 2008-09 and the Texas Tornado of the North American Hockey League in 2007-08 after completing his time with the Jr. Sharks.
View Less
Xbox Entertainment Studios and Channel 4 here in the UK have announced a new partnership to co-produce a new drama titled Humans. Part of the Xbox content collection coming to the platform, this series will feature eight hour-long episodes, produced by award-winning UK production company Kudos. Humans will be broadcasted on the Xbox platform in North America and in the UK in 2015.
Humans will be set in a parallel present where a must-have gadget, the Synth – a robotic servant, is the craze for families. One family purchases a refurbished Synth to find out that sharing their home and lives with the machine has some chilling consequences. The show aims to question personal relationships.
If you're a major thriller fan and own an Xbox, you'll want to take a good look at this upcoming show. Humans will make you think about love, discrimination and integration as you're taken through the end result of collaboration between Microsoft and Channel 4.
Source: Xbox
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
RICHMOND — A senior Virginia Democrat spoke in favor Tuesday of closing the loophole that allows gifts to elected officials' immediate relatives to go unreported.
“I think it needs to be closed,” said Sen. A. Donald McEachin (D-Henrico), chairman of the Senate Democratic Caucus.
McEachin made the comment to reporters after being asked about the $15,000 payment a Virginia businessman made to cover catering costs at the June 2011 wedding of one of Gov. Robert F. McDonnell's daughters.
Under Virginia law, elected officials may accept unlimited gifts so long as those worth more than $50 are disclosed. Gifts to immediate family members need not be disclosed.
McDonnell (R) did not disclose the payment from Jonnie R. Williams Sr., chief executive of Star Scientific Inc., a former cigarette maker that now produces the nutritional supplement Anatabloc from a substance derived from tobacco. But the governor has said there was no need to do so, contending that it was a gift to his daughter, not him.
The Washington Post reported Tuesday that McDonnell personally signed the catering contract and paid nearly $8,000 in deposits for the catering before Williams picked up the tab.
McEachin was asked about the $15,000 payment in the course of a conference call with reporters organized by the Democratic Party of Virginia. It featured McEachin and two other Democratic leaders calling on Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli II (R) to resign over what the party called his “inexcusable conflict of interest” with Star.
Cuccinelli, the presumptive Republican nominee for governor, initially failed to disclose substantial stock holdings in the company at a time when the company was suing the state over a tax assessment. Cuccinelli said the lack of disclosure was an oversight, one he corrected in 2012, well before current media inquiries into Star, a financially troubled company that is the subject of a federal securities investigation.
Cuccinelli has disclosed receiving nearly $13,000 in personal gifts from Williams, including temporary lodging at the executive's Richmond-area home and use of his vacation property and boat.
Cuccinelli last week recused his office from the still-pending tax case. Cuccinelli said he had not been personally involved the case and, therefore, had no conflict of interest. But he handed it off to a private law firm to quiet critics questioning whether his office could vigorously oppose a company to which he has financial and personal ties.
Democrats on Tuesday said Cuccinelli should step down because of his failure to recuse the office from the suit when Star first filed the case in 2011.
Anna Nix, a Cuccinelli campaign spokeswoman, dismissed Democrats' call for his resignation as an effort to “distract voters” in the governor's race. Cuccinelli faces Democrat Terry McAuliffe in the race to succeed term-limited McDonnell.
The steep glass curve makes the device the narrowest Note ever, even when compared to the first 5.3" one, and the narrowest phone with a 5.7" display, but it also might be precisely why the phone is combusting out of the blue. During the first recall, leaked docs from the Korean consumer protection agency showed that the battery packs made by Samsung's own SDI subsidiary were slightly larger for their compartment by a hair, and the isolation plates that separate the anode and cathode inside were too close towards the edges, hence prone to collapsing under pressure, short circuiting the battery, and causing thermal runaway. They also found issues with the packaging of the battery cells, like the insulating tape, which was done by a separate company , as well as the coating of the negative electrode.
While these issues taken separately might not produce the spontaneous combustion that the Note 7 is prone to, in aggregate they present a dangerous combo, especially if there was pressure applied on the isolation plates. Where would that pressure come from? Well, one of the theories seems to be that the culprit is precisely the steepest edge curve Samsung has ever done. The plates are apparently situated towards the edge of the battery, and, when sealing the waterproof phone tight, the pack might be subjected to a pressure that is higher than normal at the wrong end. Coupled with the production faults in the battery packs themselves, this could explain the first recall.
The second recall is a bit of a mystery, though. While leaked info shows that it is allegedly still a battery issue (duh), the replacement packs were reportedly produced entirely by ATL , hence they shouldn't have sizing, isolation plate, insulation, or negative electrode coating issues. The eventual abnormal pressure from the steeply curved sides remains, though, and that could be the design flaw that ate the Note 7's head. That, or a faulty voltage controller design, or the three weeks timeframe in which Samsung acknowledged the problem, and rushed ATL to produce hundreds of thousands of spare batteries for quick replacement . Well, as the jail writing says, those who are ahead of their time should wait for it at the designated places. In the case of the Note 7, it might very well be in the dustbin of electronics' history.
Just because One World Observatory is officially open doesn't mean that the World Trade Center site will cease moving forward. The stegosaurus-spiked PATH station and transportation hub is set to open this year, and office tower 3 World Trade Center is back on the rise. On the northeast corner of the complex, though, lies an empty spot earmarked for 2 World Trade Center. That blank space inched closer to being a real-life 80+-story building building yesterday when, as rumored, Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. and 21st Century Fox actually signed a non-binding agreement with developer Larry Silverstein to take over a total of 1.3 million square feet of the 2.8 million-square-foot tower. (Leases at the media companies' current home on Sixth Avenue in Midtown run out in 2020.)
The anchor tenant deal could restart construction of the office building, stalled since 2008 and originally set to be designed by Norman Foster.
A statement from Silverstein about the News Corp./21st Century Fox letter of intent yesterday named Danish wunderkind Bjarke Ingels as the architect. Like, for sure. As per the Post, which was the first to report the deal:
Ingels' 2 WTC design would replace an earlier one for the site by British architect Norman Foster, which was intended mainly for financial firms. But Ingels' tower would still fit in with site planner Daniel Libeskind's original location and height rules. The media companies would collaborate with Ingels to make room for television studios, newsrooms, and other offices. "This isn't your grandfather's Wall Street," Silverstein said in a statement.
· News Corp. and 21st Century Fox take step toward World Trade Center move [NYP]
· News Corp., Fox moves toward deal for 2 World Trade Center [Capital NY]
· News Corp. will move headquarters to 2 World Trade Center [Crain's]
· News Corp. and 21st Century Fox ink early-stage deal for massive World Trade Center HQ [NYDN]
· Will Bjarke Ingels Oust Norman Foster at 2 World Trade Center? [Curbed]
· 2 World Trade Center Shows Signs of Life With Tenant Talks [Curbed]
· All 2 World Trade Center coverage [Curbed]
Rachael D'Amore and Joshua Freeman, CP24.com
A Toronto man has been charged with murder after a dismembered body was found inside a home in a quiet Markham neighbourhood over the weekend.
Police learned about the remains Sunday night at around 6:30 p.m. after two men arrived at a police station in Scarborough and informed officers there that a murder had taken place. One of the men was then taken into custody.
Acting on the information, Toronto police found the body at a home on Laureleaf Road, just north of Steeles Avenue and east of Bayview Avenue and then informed York Regional Police.
YRP Const. Andy Pattenden told reporters Monday that officers entered the home to find a disturbing scene.
“From what I've been told it was a pretty grisly scene, a very challenging scene for a lot of veteran police officers,” Pattenden said.
At about 1 a.m. Monday, police carried several body bags from the basement of the house to the body removal van. Officers said there was only one deceased person found at the scene and that five body bags were used because the body was dismembered.
Pattenden said forensics teams will likely be at the home for the next day or two to process the scene.
Speaking with CP24, neighbours described the property as a “problem house,” citing recent noise violations. The house has been under renovation for several months, neighbours said.
“My daughter says, ‘Dad there's police across the street.' I don't pay attention to it because there's been a lot of police across the street,” one man at the scene told CP24. “But when there are six cars, eight cars, Metro, York, and then the big machines show up -- then you know something's wrong.”
Another neighbor said the scene Sunday night was unusual for the area.
“It's a very nice, very friendly, very quiet neighbourhood, so it's very scary,” he said.
Peizheng Qiu, 28, has been charged with first-degree murder and indecent interference with a dead body, police said Monday. He was scheduled to make a court appearance this morning.
Pattenden said the relationship between the victim and the accused are not yet clear. He said the second man who went to police is part of the investigation, but is not facing any charges.
Toronto Police and York Regional Police say there is no threat to the public at this time but urge any witnesses to contact Crime Stoppers or Homicide at 1-866-875-5423.
An extended promotion for one of Australia's favourite TV shows, My Kitchen Rules, was constantly interrupted by a game of tennis last night, leading to an angry response from some fans.
It is believed the advertisement, which ran from 7pm until the early hours of this morning, was stopped as many as a dozen times to show snippets of the tennis.
“It totally messed up the flow of the ad,” Canberra man Barry Knowles complained. “One minute I'm getting to know the contestants for this year's competition and then, BAM! out of nowhere, they're talking about Roger Federer's backhand. I mean, really? It makes it very hard to keep up with what's going on”.
Broadcaster Bruce McAvaney said he “wasn't 100% comfortable” talking about the tennis, but conceded it was a requirement of his contract.
The Shovel is Australia's satire news website. For more, follow The Shovel on Facebook and Twitter.
